Now the Neil Roger show on 560 WQAM.
It's Friday you bear still laugh.
Absolutely ladies and gentlemen this is Rainbow 4 and 5.
How are you?
John, Rainbow still alive.
I wanna make movies 4 and 5.
My life ain't going great plan to Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's when I heard my penis and it never ever grew.
Rainbow 2 was in 85 late.
Rainbow 3 was in 88.
Shrew it, and threw it.
My god, I did not make this movie with my son.
He'd never say cheers and rock he fired in daylight.
The tunnel movie.
A little bit of crashes what I mean.
I gotta get along from the pile of creed.
I gotta have another head movie.
Or Broadway show like Jenna Hane.
I guess nobody ever saw Kaplan.
It was stupid, I guess I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
Oh I got left these Jennifer Flay them.
Ladies and gentlemen I need to make Rainbow 4 and 5.
Check it out so call me up.
I really need a script I can do.
Die a long walk.
Keep it zip the link comedy.
Action, adventure and drama.
That the only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama.
So give me a break for goodness sake.
I used to be on Oprah and I can't get a Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one man show and pole keptzy.
Basically I'm an unemployed gypsy.
A little bit of crashes what I mean.
I gotta get along from the pile of creed.
I gotta have another head movie.
Or Broadway show like Jenna Hane.
I guess nobody ever saw Kaplan.
It was stupid so I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
Oh I got left this Jennifer Flay them.
That's why ladies and gentlemen.
I need to make Rainbow 4 and 5.
And I'm gonna have to do it absolutely.
I know to a 560 WKM.
You know why I play that today?
I give up.
Because if you look at the pole from yesterday.
705 votes by the way.
Bill Coddy and gonna fly the Rocky theme and Lou Bagan.
Mamo number five or like back to back.
Or as they say here side by each.
How do you like that?
So I figured that like puts the two of them together in one bit.
See what I'm saying?
See the logic?
I get it.
And I just want to say this.
I mean somebody might as well talk about the fact that the Red Wings
want to stand in the cup because certainly on a morning sports show.
They don't talk about that.
Gildys not allowed to speak more than five words per day.
That's the quota about hockey.
Red Wings nice going there boys in five games to beat Carolina.
No contest.
Oh.
And another boring game last night.
3-1 was the final.
Wasn't really that close.
And what can you say other than their dynamite?
Of course Scotty Bowman, the greatest coach of all time.
I don't care what he says.
He wants to be modest so that to Blake was better punch him.
Lock was better.
Greatest coach of all time Scotty Bowman.
9th standard cup when he hangs it up.
Retires immediately up to the game which is no surprise.
But it was yeah.
And see the one great thing about hockey is that at the end of playoff series,
the players line up no matter how brutal they've been.
They've been beaten to crap out of each other and knocking each other's teeth out.
They're bleeding.
They're like their limbs are hanging.
And they line up and they like to check each other's hand.
They're like a little hugging.
They're all patting on the ass by the way.
Correct.
We don't see that.
That's it for pussy sports.
Not for hockey.
And I want to tell you right now my definition of a real man.
Okay.
If you look up the term a real man in the dictionary,
Steve Iserman is a real man.
Steenie.
Why?
There's a guy.
Here's a guy that played the entire playoffs injured.
After a lot of the games couldn't even walk because his knee is so bad.
He's going to have to have reconstructive surgery on the knee starting like almost any day now
and is going to be up for six months which means he'll miss a good part of next season.
But in spite of that, there's the Redmond captain.
Let him do another Stanley Cup.
It was nice to give Dick Listlitz from the Khan's My Troffy for being the most valuable player in the playoffs.
Pretty damn good.
Even though it was a very boring series and Carolina plays that comato style and I've given credit.
I mean, here's Paul Maurice who's got two first names.
Their young coach who's a lot younger than many of the Redmond players by the way.
I think there were eight players, maybe not eight.
Several players on the Redmond's older than Paul Maurice.
He's 35.
He's the coach of Carolina.
Almost got fired early in the season.
It was right under verge.
And Carolina had a home and home season.
Hey, Robert is Robert there?
Yes he is.
Guess which team was they had a home and home series with at the Sape Hall Marisa's job?
Gee, could it be the Panthers?
Give a good guess.
And they kicked a crap out of the Panthers.
No wonder I think Winnie know to tend something like that.
Saved his job and leads him right there to the Stanley Cup finals.
Nice going Paul.
Good coach.
Doesn't everybody have a crap out of the Panthers?
I think you're pardoned.
Doesn't everyone kick the crap out of the Panthers?
Are you just going to step pick it on the Panthers?
I remember when we used to have a hockey team in South Florida.
We did?
Once upon a time.
What's a long time ago?
And then they'd like kind of dismantled it.
But we ought to be used to that.
It happens to every team down here.
Anyway, so yesterday before I get to the pool though,
I want to we got some great news.
Because we're trying, even though we have this
oppressive, repressive right wing regime led by John Ascroft
and the word police should think would be back.
But the media understand what the public wants.
The public wants all seven of George Carlin words eventually.
Now we didn't get any of those under today.
But CNN must have said the word,
ah, 600 times today.
That's right.
Because we got this great story.
Singer says, A.B.C.'s gennings gave him the boot.
This is the most important story of the day.
Forget for one second about the bishops and Dallas.
We'll get to that.
We'll get to all the other good stuff.
We'll get to today's pool.
And I'll also give you the results from yesterday.
Well, here's the survivors from yesterday's one hit wonder.
Did we oh, we did break the tie.
Look at that.
We broke the tie.
Did you notice?
Yeah, thank God.
Vicky Surabansson edged out the bugles for number five.
Here's the results.
Dexys Midnight Rotters come on Eileen had 57 to win.
How's that possible?
I know it was big.
Big on pH ones those two.
You got to be Schmitt me man.
Anyway, yeah, that was enough.
Uh, Wild Cher, they play that funky music 51.
Thomas Dolby she blinded me with science 44.
That was number three.
Number four Rock and Roll Hoochie Kubrick,
Dillinger 37.
And Vicky Surabansson,
I think was tied neck and neck,
noticed and know aside by each for the longest god damn time.
But Edged out the the bugles and video killer radio star.
Vicky Surabansson turned to be around head 28 for number five.
We're saving the top five from each day that we do.
This number have like a spin off a runoff.
Whatever.
The good news is that Bobby McFarron don't worry.
Happy was right on the heels of those two,
but the one up number seven or whatever.
Oh, that would have made the top five.
I think that would have been the end for me, you know.
That would have been about as a boot as far as I could go with this.
But it didn't quite make it thank goodness.
Very annoying.
That'd be a good pull to take someday the most annoying song of all time.
Oh, and that would be a contender.
Here's the facts from Ivan before I get back to my, uh, ass story.
Ivan says Chipotle is not a type of chili per se.
Now this goes back to the Armadillo Cafe spot.
I was in yesterday.
Doesn't that I was reading so I guess I'm a wimp or Chipotle.
Chipotle.
All right.
Are you starting again?
Not me.
You better not mess with me because I am the call to hellfire.
Okay.
That's what Motu told me.
Chipotle is not a type of chili per se.
It's nothing more than a jalapeno that's been roasted on close to give it a
smoky flavor.
Once blackened, the black peel is removed and the peppers put on a blender to make
sauces.
Kind of like it sounds like a circumcised schfarcer.
The black peel is removed and the peppers put out at the pepper that is put on a blender
to make sauces.
I understand that 20% of the jalapeno crops in Mexico are converted into Chipotle.
Hope this helps.
It does Ivan.
Thank you because we had no clue what Chipotle was, which is evidently in some of the,
in one or more of the many items at the Armadillo Cafe where they use a lot of really
nifty and different ingredients to put together great stuff.
Okay.
So our list, well, we'll get to our list for today eventually.
And the good news is for those people who think that it's ponderous,
going through all of the end, you're right.
So George and I spent a few minutes this morning and we put together today's list ahead of time,
including some stuff from 91, some stuff from 60, what was that year, 62, I think?
Okay.
And some stuff that the audience had sent in and also some stuff from other Bokobrine stuff
that he sent me.
So there's all kinds of good stuff on here and other good lists today.
But, you know, Peter Jennings is an asshole.
Have I put you that before I think I knew you showed him?
I did it, yes.
And during the 9-11 and unfortunately, I made a bad mistake on that day because I had to
figure out which audio we'd carry on a year to give the information out immediately to the
public.
And the early part of it we went to ABC channel 10.
I have no idea why I did that.
And then after a little while, I immediately went over to MSNBC because ABC really stunk the
joint out that day and especially Peter Jennings.
They took every rumor, every p-like that plane that supposedly had been hijacked and was
crashed in Seattle, which never happened.
Nobody else ever put that on a year.
I mean, that's just one example of the grotesque misinformation that ABC did on that day.
It was a horrible job.
And why any person in his right mind would watch Peter Jennings with his heavily affected
British accent, even though he's Canadian.
See, nobody does the news up here, sounds like that.
They all sound like me, like you.
I mean, they just sound like, you know, people speaking English.
In fact, I'll give you another example.
It's even on a BBC.
You've seen a BBC and Sky News in England.
Nobody speaks with like a heavy British accent.
No, it just...
Puppa.
No, they don't speak like that either.
They don't sound proper.
They say this speech is like I do.
How do you like that?
So why anybody would watch an answer like Peter Jennings and ABC news?
I don't know.
I guess just because it's there.
And also, of course, it all depends on what local news you're watching ahead of it.
And Channel 10 Local News has got because people like stories about eating ass.
In fact, you know, something, maybe that's where that whole ass thing came from.
Maybe Peter Jennings figures that the Dwight Lutterdale talks about eating ass so much
that on the ABC evening news, they don't want to dignify the word ass.
So we'll get to that story in a second because it's the big story of the day.
Oh!
Ass!
Ass on CNN.
I'll say it again if you're missing CNN news this morning, which I hope you do.
They must have said the word ass.
64,348 times, but who's counting?
And they were like, uh, chart, what's that broad's name?
Which one?
The silly one that's on there from 6 to 7 before Paul Azon comes on.
Don't know.
I mean, she's very good looking, but she's a silly goose.
And she's always chartland and peepkin and uh, whatever.
But she was squeezing herself when she said that.
I think she's got something down there that doesn't quite meet the eye.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Well, use your own imagination.
You've seen those movies, oh, chicks with...
No, I haven't seen those movies actually.
Really?
No, never.
Oh come on.
I'm serious.
Oh, that's right.
George's like, see more butts.
Okay.
12 minutes after 9 at 560 WQM if you're thinking of painting your home or business,
don't paint, protect your investment with liquid ceramic.
Liquid ceramic, the technology born in NASA's space program.
Here's the good news for you.
Now it's available right here in South Florida.
Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available.
You too can have the same high-tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle,
protecting your home or building.
And you'll never, never, ever have to paint again.
That's absolutely correct.
You'll never have to paint again.
Because liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your home or your building.
So forget about repainting every few years.
Liquid ceramic won't fade and won't peel its guaranteed.
This state of the art coating yields you
in our 24-insulation equivalency, which to make a long story short helps bring down your electric bills too.
Liquid ceramics available in over 1800 different colors.
So check out liquid ceramic today called 305-347-5122.
Liquid ceramic is been manufactured and sold for over 40 years and it's available in South Florida right now.
Call 305-347-5122 or visit them on their website at liquid ceramic.tv.
305-347-5122 and be sure to...
That's 430-560.
You a.m.
Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Get dead. The fighters they give to you need.
And Jay Mart.
Unsafe this week.
The Neralco Backshaper.
Hept a bismill.
And you create Aspegaw.
Emeroidals depository.
Get it all with vitamin C and bi-agra lifelike in flateable hooker.
And then do it yourself home.
Brostake removal gear.
Get dead. The GFT needs.
And Jay Mart.
ABC's Peter Jennings gave the boot to country singer Tillby Keith after deciding the lyrics of his hit song,
courtesy of the Red White and Blue word, took controversial for the networks 4th of July,
special celebrating America.
And a lot of people are not only pissed off about the censorship but the fact that
Peter Jennings is Canadian,
and they don't like the fact that some canuck is like dictating America what they ought to be saying on here.
Hey, Peter you're an asshole baby.
Anyway, that's the version from the Wuthneck Oklahoma native ABC on the other hand has said
logistics and a number of other factors prevented the network from booking Keith for its three
hour long special being hosted by Jennings, who was as I said only moments ago.
Canadian, how will this tune play out?
The controversy centers on the lyrics at the end of the song, a tough edge tune that captures much
of the patriotism and anger that swept the country in the wake of the 9-11 attacks.
You'll be sorry you messed with the US of A because we'll put a boot in your ass it's the
American way the song says.
Keith 40 wrote the song initially titled Angry American, soon after the attack is attributed
to his father and army veteran lost his right eye on a combat training mission. His dad,
H.K. K. Koval, had died about five months before 9-11 and taught his boy to be a flag-weighted
patriot, a good old boy.
I was real angry when I saw that second plane hit the tower and wondered what my dad would have
thought about it and the lyrics just fell out of me to see an enemy talk back live. It just
they fell out of him.
Keith never planned to record the song but when he sang it at the Pentagon, the US naval academy
and for troop serving in Bosnia, he knew it was his duty as a single and songwriter to release it.
The response was so tremendous I said, hey we're allowed to be angry. I know how angry I was when I saw
those towers come down so this is my way of serving my country. Keith said an interview on CNN's
Wolf Blitzkrieg reports. Keith said he's got no plans to discuss publicly the
ROWWID Jennings but he was outraged after the never-released statement which said the country's
singer had never been booked for the show. The statement didn't mention anything about Jennings'
alleged objections. They're saying this isn't about lyric content and it is. Now respect my
writers in American to say what I want to say and Jennings can say what he wants. Keith told CNN.
I should play the audio from the CNN piece now. You know what? Just seeing the see how many times
they said, ass. Okay. Yes, country music starts. Hold the heat is flying high with a new hit song.
It's called courtesy of the red, white and blue. But ABC's Peter Jennings apparently finds the
lyrics too controversial. His network gave Keith the boot from a July 4th special. Keith talked
all about it to our own Wolf Blitzzer and even played a little bit of the song in question.
We don't know what you're going to say. We don't know what you're going to say.
Yeah, we know. That's the lyric Jennings reportedly objects too. Now we did talk to ABC but the
network is actually trying to downplay this controversy. Here is what they're telling us. This
is a statement we got from them. Quote, while we have cast a wide net searching for performers
and considered adding Toby Keith to the lineup, unfortunately a number of factors including
logistical ones prevented us from booking him. Oh, but Keith says they hate exactly the way it happened.
All I heard was that it came down from Mr. Jennings that the lyrical content wasn't
what would not be performed on because of lyric content. This song will not be performed on that show.
Keith says he wrote the song soon after the September 11th attacks as a tribute to his late
father, too, who is an army veteran. And we've been soliciting emails all morning long, jack,
and most people don't seem offended by the word asked and they think that ABC should invite Toby
Keith to perform. How do you like that? How they're not offended by the word asked. And they only
said it 622 times this and I one little clip there from CNN and you notice how she was chucking
and churdling and squeezing her leg. She was loving it. So Peter Jennings, you're an ass hole.
And you know, this another pretty piece of crap is what he is. In fact, I would call ABC like the
George Wilnet work is what I would call it. Probably Robert watches it a lot. The George Wilnet work.
I don't know because he's the right wing asshole. Although he does like baseball. Now anyway,
I guess that's a that's supposed to make him more acceptable. The fact that he likes baseball.
At least he doesn't talk about basketball all the time like our morning show. You know,
the Stanley Cup is over. The playoffs are over. Red Wings win a Stanley Cup third time in six years.
Scotty Bowman retires. Nicholas Litzman wins the cons. My trophy. Most valuable player.
Stevie Iseman is like I said a real man. But you won't hear about that on a morning show. And don't
mess with content on a morning show. You want to know why George? Why? You know what he told me?
That's right. And the wrath of Arthur Brown. Oh, that's on the pool today. And now George and I,
like I said, put today's pool together. So we don't have to go through that ponderous long thing.
Which I'm sure a lot of people get very upset about. Although we don't really care.
Yesterday, I gave you the top five. The bugles had 27 just missed out the top five. So they don't survive.
Bobby McFarron don't worry me. It's all over. It's all over. They would have told him on
the air until next sookas. Okay. When I make my copy, that means it's over. Robert took my vote
away from here. They would have won. He voted before I could just because he's an asshole.
What do you vote for? Fat No More. Which is fine, but they didn't have a chance.
Who? Fat No More. And epic. Oh, it's a good song. It's okay. They're a good group, but it's
better than Dixie's midnight runners. Everything is. Oh, I'm really upset about it. I'm not
upset. I don't care. Whatever you like, you like it. That's the idea of taking a pool. If it was
just up to me, I'd just say, hey, here's the best one hit wonder of all time. Anyway, Terry Jack
Seasons and the Sun at 24, which is extremely annoying. The small faces Ichi Kupark, Debbie Boone,
and you light up my life. We're tied with 22. Thank God she only got 22. She could have been
dangerous. The Nicarbockers and lies. Delight Groov is in a hard brew and shipply one
toe cover to line. Easy means Friday on my mind. I'll have 19. Shine head O'Connor. Nothing
appears to you in Fat No More. Epic and Bismarkey. Just a friend. I'll have 18. Contour
is you love me in the Bahamian. Who let the dogs out? 17. Lubega, Mambo number five. Boy,
you talk about something that was played not just overplay, but played. I mean, the death.
God, I mean, it was okay. It was a good novelty thing, but man. And then like I said, the rocky
thing, Bill Conny, going to fly now 14. The best news of it is we can complain about the come
on Eileen, but the good news is with this crowd. Lo Steal Rio and the Macarena had only 11.
Tied with the double shot of my babies, loved with swing of the diamonds and am in pop music.
Oh, thank God that Macarena didn't do well. You know, thank God. How could anybody listen to that?
And then that was down there. People and I love you had only nine. Most of the days at his two
had only a Curtis Lee and pretty little angel eyes had only eight only eight votes for Curtis Lee.
And we had three songs yesterday that had none that had the big none, which is scandalous if you
ask me. Trey Shandell and this time, Silver and Wambang Shangolang and I even played a little bit
of that, I guess, which convinced them not to vote for it. And David Dundas and Jean Zahn.
Is that how you pronounce his name? Sure. Why not? In fact, let's call up CNN. Maybe they'll
start talking about him. Dundas, they'll just say, Ass a lot. You know, that's the new thing at CNN.
Now, if they're saying, Ass this morning, can Ass a be far away? No, probably not. Probably Monday,
they're going to start saying, Ass a whole on CNN referring to Peter Jennings, of course. And
they'd be right. See, even Robert don't watch Peter Jennings. That Canadian? Yeah, that Canadian.
Hey, don't be knocking Canadians, eh? There's a lot of good Canadians. He doesn't happen to be one of
them. Now, what the hell is this? What is this crap? Oh, uh, buddy, buddy. Hi, buddy. Hope you're
a PD Lenny. Hey, you're not my buddy. Okay, PD, go away. Go hang out with D-fo. Get away from me,
please. I'm knowing a very, very annoying guy. I hope this copy is better than the piece of crappy
at in their last last time for Delights. Boy, that was the worst piece of Drek, even Todd Drek
never matched that piece of copy. Hey, you both those down there in our sales department. You know,
some new copy would be nice instead of this stuff that I've been doing for months and months and
months on end. You know, you try to do them a favor and you do all their spots for them no matter how
a marginally account may be. And then this, uh, then they don't want to give you any copy. That's
the, that's the part that frosts my faddle as you know it. Even if it's one of their very marginal,
you know what I'm talking about. I'm sure. What do you think? Anyway, so we had a bunch of
faxes which we, uh, and I did a lot of homework on this yesterday. It's better than asshole. That's
it. This is the lazy way out. Take it. He's pulled. What is that supposed to mean? What's lazy about it?
It's a lot of goddamn work. Not that I'm complaining. And by the way, I think I have a little bit
better with a gig than Jim Mandage, but you know, no, there was a long pause this morning when Moe
was pointing out that the mad dog's off again today and that Joe Rose is doing a show from Hooters,
one to three. And he said, blood, that's your madness. Does anybody got a better gig than that? And then
you heard a long pause coming from the control room where Robert and the Beast were both holding
their collective breath because God forbid anybody should mention my name on that show. So I think
even the mad dog would agree I have a little bit better gig than he's got. Is there any doubt about
that? No. No. Don't mess with the, with the moment because I am the God of hellfire. He'll burn your ass
just like Miguel's getting all in. By the way, be sure and watch your passions today. Miguel's
not going to be here. I know that she had her knee and his nuts yesterday. Zombie charity. She's
getting ready. She's getting ready to ravish him. She had her knee and his nuts. Now, is that usually
mean something pretty interesting is about to happen. But anyway, and of course, Timmy still,
Timmy found the magic, whatever he's looking for there. And all the munchkins are inside that hotel.
Well, that's a bizarre show. If you're under a lot of stress, you got a lot of pressure in your life.
Be sure and watch passions on NBC because it'll make you forget about everything else.
Let's see, Dave Lugins, please come to Boston. That's a good one. Thank you. That's that on a facts.
Also in a big country by big country. And it says, in a singer is dead. We put that on today,
right? Yes, we did. Okay. Thank you. I just want to acknowledge these facts is because we got a lot
of Tom says, and I forget about it, Tom. Because I don't see why do they keep saying Alan
Parsons project and games people play? Because they keep saying that. They don't know. When they
had the eye in the sky, which was that could be the greatest song of all time. But I'm not going
to lobby for that because we were already done at pull. Hey, if you're new to the area, we got a
place that you just want to leave little caboose in Dear Field Beach. Oh, if you haven't had the box
car burgers there yet, you haven't you just haven't had this experience. We can all relate to that
experience. And John's still at it, flipping gallons of sweat onto the grill as it creates the
magic that we call real hamburgers. Remember the awesome taste of white castle up north years ago? Well,
a little caboose has got something similar, but unique. That's right. With great grilled onions,
pickles, ketchup, mustard, they serve on those gorgeous, skinny little buns. And little caboose
also serves the Kone Island thick cut french fries you love. So bright hot dogs, the lot kinds of
goodies on them. A great chicken fingers, wings, and chicken sandwiches is two. If you came to
Florida, the fish dove into a tasty fried fish sandwich, add wings and a soda and you're out
less than a cost of either family of 20 in a third world country. Little caboose eat it,
drive through a dine under the stars on the patio, dine under the stars, bring your own silverware,
and of course you own napkins too. Lunch in dinner, seven days a week, little caboose open
on the weekday, Friday. What is it? Seven days a week, Friday and Saturday, late till 10.
The little cabooses on Powerline Road just south of Helsborg Boulevard in prestigious
Dear Field V. I don't know what mommy says about the meat.
Hey, Cocoa Burr, we date every on sports radio 560, QAM. It's Friday, you bastard.
The following commercial was childishly edited from its original form into our own perverted version.
Any reassembly of an actual commercial about this program is purely a lesson in an
way of fill it with the advertiser, but it does not get laughed.
What is the softest bath issue for your little ones? Not this time.
Well mom, that bath will teach you to roll in my ass.
Now there's something new. New softish, Charmin Ultra. Discover how much softer it is.
Well, this feels like I'm wiping myself under kit. New Charmin Ultra.
I've pretty one at 560 WQM. Here's a fact from yesterday I got a catch up on all these,
just to let you know that I did read them all and I looked them all up.
Besides stairway to heaven, what did Led Zeppelin put on the top 40 list this facts are
once, you know, I guess what? How about besides what?
You know, the interesting part, the interesting part of it is still way to heaven was never
ahead. I, right, not on the top 40, the 40. No, it was an album cut.
It was the most famous recording, but it was never a single.
Anyway, whole lot of love was their biggest hit reach number four.
Immigrant song, black dog, dire maker, trampled underfoot and full of new rain.
All of these things were hits for Led Zeppelin and stairway to heaven was never hit.
How do you like that? All right, it's just barely 930. We're learning stuff all right today.
Plus we learned that Steve Eiserman's a real man.
Let's see, somebody suggested, come on, dot on my boat baby by every mother's son.
Thank you markets on our list today. Thank you.
Hanson, forget about it.
Uh, the cheater by Bob Kubin and the in men.
No, no, no. Did he spell that right by the way the in men or rather?
It's close enough that don't look. Don't start dicking with the pull.
I reviewed the spelling. I just that went over it. It's, uh, is it up now official?
Or what? Can I vote? Do I have our permission to vote?
Yes. I don't know what I'm going to vote for. This is we got some good stuff.
Which I'm waiting to go. Let's see.
Murmurage is pretty good. Iron butterfly and it got a defeat is pretty good.
Lot of good stuff on here. All how about achy breaking heart? I don't think so.
I got one for a day. You might vote for.
I am the call to hell fire, but I don't think so.
When I don't want to get Moe all been out of shape.
I'm voting for this one. Okay. I'm just going to click on it right now.
The poll for today. This is part four.
This is part four in our search for the your favorite one one hit wonders.
Anybody who doesn't like it.
Kiss off. Okay. We like it. We like it a lot.
Anyway, here's Fred from Chicago who says the polls on mud hit wonders have been great and you are
We agree wholeheartedly. In fact, yesterday I mentioned a song that the George didn't know
and just happened to show up. What a coincidence.
Every other song that I have heard lately.
Some fellow gets shot by blooming and his baby and his best friend both die with it.
Has likely a snuff or a half of the other song.
Some catch crime already to die.
We've lost most all of our happy people and I'm wondering why let's think about living.
Let's think about loving. That was on yesterday I think.
I was on one of the days and didn't do all that well.
Of course, we know we wouldn't do all that well, but you don't know that song.
Let's think about living.
Nope. Don't you remember bookabrined today a song parody on that after 9-11?
parody.
But you didn't know the song.
Well, so it's not even 9-35 yet. Now, again, you learn something else.
I feel in line. Anyway, this fact Fred from Chicago says some of the songs
have some interesting connections to my team, the white socks.
Back in the early 70s, a socks organist Nancy Faust began playing Nana,
Hey, Hey, Goodby before the weather sparse crowds at Komisky Park.
The song was mostly unnoticed until 77 when the socks had been picked for the last caught fire
and began drawing large crowds. They caught what?
Fire.
I am the god of hell fire and I bring you fire.
It says the fans adopted Nana, Hey, Hey, as their theme song.
Most usually when an opposing pitcher was yanked or a player was ejected,
it's still the team's unofficial theme song.
And of course, a lot of other arenas in the stames used that, you know, like at the end
or like at the end of the series or at the end of a game that's like lopsided.
I was at the ballpark the night that we're giving you a symbolic gold record of steam that says
who by now had broken up and didn't show up for the award instead they sent some
Erzot steam band and centerfielder played the song.
Well, about two bars into it, everybody starts singing and drowned out the poor grife band.
Nancy Faust used another one hit wonder and creative way years later.
Luis Polonia, a little dream and outfield over the anchors, was arrested in the
Fister Hotel in Milwaukee with a 15 year old girl.
The first time it came to bat in Chicago after his arrest, Nancy played.
I fought the law on the law one.
Also not over, I guess it was original then because the panthers didn't exist then I guess.
Because every time Paul laws wins a fight with the panthers, they play I fought the law.
And remember that? I'm sure Robert remembers.
Yes.
Number Paul laws.
The second time she played, you're 16, you're beautiful and you're mine.
Lastly about the small faces, the lead singer on itchy couprock with Steve Merriott,
who left the form humble pie with Peter Franton.
Merriott was replaced by Rod Stewart and Ron Wood now the stones and the group was renamed the
Faces.
Very good for an interesting crafter, not even 940 and we're learning more stuff.
Here's one from Jeff and Lake Worth who says what about if you want to be happy for the rest of
your life Jimmy Sol, good song, but the only problem is Jeff.
He also had a top 40 hit called Twist and Matilda.
Let you know that did you?
I did not.
Like I said, it's not even 937 yet and you're learning just tons of crap on his show.
It's shocking to me.
It's amazing.
Here's one that says midnight at the oasis by Maria Maldon.
Now it's yet other hits.
Jenny by Tommy Tutone never was a hit and Baker Street by Jerry Rafferty who had several
top 40 hits.
So sorry, sorry about that.
And in the other ones, anybody else who's fact in the stuff, you'll see the ones that
qualified around today's list like Benny Mardona's, Maria says,
into the night, a hit twice with the same song.
You're right.
Number one, two times with the same song.
I think only the Kingsman and Louis Louis did the same thing, didn't they?
I think you're right.
That was released about 500 times.
So anyway, let's see.
That'd be Boone.
That'd be was on yesterday.
She didn't do all that well.
Thank God.
So I think we can.
And then this asshole at the, you know, send me this costic thing about you goofball,
you frigging goofball, you know, try to be clever.
This chronic a factor because I recognize the handwriting.
He's using the book.
Anybody that's using the book, I got the book right here.
We'll get around to all of these.
There's some good songs on here like just one look by Doors Try.
But we'll get around to it.
I mean, what the hell is that?
He's using a book.
Big deal.
Are we impressed?
No.
Do we give a crap?
No.
Get out of here.
Mr. Big Show with his stick and book.
So here's the list from today.
Okay.
And I'll give him his, oh, we got a few votes on there already.
It's on there.
Anya Rogers.com.
We'll take the top five from each day that we do this.
What we're going to do about 600 days.
Please.
And then we'll, you know, and then we'll put him on there for a final runoff.
A spin off.
Which of these one hit wonders was the best?
Big country and a big country.
Iron butterfly and agada divita.
Autograph.
Turn up the radio.
The crazy world of orthodox Brown and fire.
How five in psychotic reaction?
Now, but I have that on here too.
If I can find a guy, damn thing.
Oh, Jesus Jones right here right now.
Jesus Jones.
The elegance little star.
Claudine Clark party lights.
Don and one.
What's your name?
The Rebels.
While weekend.
The Reb Rock and Rebels from Buffalo from La Colana.
Who got screwed over by Joey Reynolds and Tommy Shannon.
The O'Shan Teys and Pipeline.
All the raindrops, the kind of boy you can't forget.
Q Sakamoto and Sukiyaki.
Vary and the Tamer lanes and I wonder what he's doing tonight.
Johnny Symbol, Mr. Baseman, very annoying song.
Keep that in mind when we do the pull on the most annoying song of all time.
But, but, but, but, but, but, but, oh, but remember that song?
Mr. Baseman.
They both.
All over the place.
The J-net Sally go round the roses.
K-Winigan, more on Verve Records used to be my theme song
back when I was a punk play music.
The Mermaids, Popsicles, icicles.
Buck Ngarcia, Pac-Man fever.
Charlie Sexton, beat so lonely.
Kicks don't close your eyes.
Benny Mardonis, into the night.
Van McCoy and a hustle.
Musical used pasta dutsi or is that pasta douchi?
Oh, we had one note of Van McCoy.
That was plenty.
Frankie goes to Hollywood, relax.
OMC, how bizarre.
Billy Ray Cyrus, A.K.
Breaky Heart.
That's the only crossover hit.
I know all the country in Western feet people.
He had a million hits, not on the traditional chart.
The Billboard Top 40.
Robin Ward, wonderful summer.
Twisted sister, we're not going to take it.
Every mother's son come on down to my boat.
Where am I?
See, Dave Loggins, please come to Boston.
Robin Ward, I already did that.
Well, that's because they're moving around now.
Ernie Morecco, shout-chot knock yourself out.
Bob Kubin and the In-Men.
Can we just play that a minute ago?
The Exciders and Tellem, Mark Cohen walking in Memphis.
Sir Mixelot, baby got back.
Who did baby get back?
The baby, uh, wait.
Baby get back.
I'll play it some.
Yeah, you're right.
Baby got back.
Sir Mixelot, house of pain, jump around.
A lot of tour.
People are still having sex.
Clotting Clark and party lights.
Is that under twice?
London beat I've been thinking about you.
Chesney Hawks and the one and only and Don and one.
What's your name, which I think that's?
Maybe they just moved around a little bit.
I hope.
I hope they're not under twice because that would be very, very.
Wouldn't that be sloppy?
Yeah, they are moving around.
Yeah, they just move around a little bit.
Okay, thank you.
We got it, Eric.
Thanks very much.
Good job.
941 at 560 WQI.
Here's something you want to get.
That's Oliomeda.
I've been telling you about it for a hell of a long time.
What are you waiting for?
More and more people are popping it in their posts
and feeling the effects of the benefits of this great product,
which is the best and easiest way to get the benefits of olive oil
into your body and your system.
Oliomeda's a soft gel capsule.
You just pop it in your post and it contains the best olive oil
and money can buy along with some other really good stuff
like vitamins and minerals.
Herbal's too to promote health for all different parts of your body.
They have one product specifically for your prostate,
one for your heart, for your blood pressure and cholesterol.
Oliomeda also has supplements to promote
health and your circulatory system.
Your digestive endocrine system, your skin and bones,
even your mind, all using the benefits of like I said,
the greatest olive oil, the purest the best that money can buy.
Oliomeda's got products for men and for your ladies out there as well.
Oliomeds available at more and more locations every day
because more and more people want it and the olio-med too.
Fix them up at Walgreens, Whole Food Markets,
Nevorro Pharmacy and Sedano.
You can call us toll free number.
They'll give you all the information you're looking for
about what products they make and what they do for you
and where to stick them.
Call 1-866-Oliomed.
That's 1-866-O-L-E-O-M-E-D.
And don't forget, you can order their products
right off their website at olio-med-
Answers.
And Kathleen's keynites.
We'd like to tell you a story of 560.
Q-A-A.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Hey, school, pick up the beat, pick up the beat, pick up the beat.
It's not the same kind of sound.
It's not the same kind of sound.
Okay, school, let's get with it.
Looks like we've got another mystery.
We'll smooth out.
I'll take the girl this way.
Yeah, I know.
And Scooby and me will go the other way.
Oh, whoo, oh, whoo!
Hey, Scooby's bought the cool.
Here, the Scooby's that cool.
Yeah, that's it.
Let's go.
I think it's girlbeat.
I think it's girlbeat.
I think it's girlbeat.
Girlbeat, guys, really.
I think it's girlbeat.
I think it's girlbeat.
I think it's girlbeat.
I think it's girlbeat.
Girlbeat, guys, really.
This is a girlbeat dance.
Or is it Bella?
Yeah, why don't you try dancing on it instead of my feet?
Oh, now we're moving to troll.
Oh, now we're moving to troll.
Oh, now we're moving to troll.
Oh, now we're moving to troll.
Oh, now we're moving to troll.
Just back on the floor.
Hey.
Hey, Scooby.
I found the cyber phone.
Shaggy, get a hold of yourself.
Come on, Shag, let's dance.
Let's go.
Wait a minute.
I think I found a clue.
Why is nothing to get him in an awkward deep place?
Not even a smoothie.
Not?
Well, almost.
Yes.
Go, Scooby, go.
If you've got a mystery,
It's not supposed to be to be rid of your act.
Don't hold back.
It's gonna be too if you come through.
You're gonna have yourself a stupid snack.
A Scooby snack.
Hey, Scoob, pick up the beat.
I'm thinking this mystery is pretty close to being solved.
Oh, now we're moving to troll.
Oh, now we're moving to troll.
Hey.
Oh, now we're moving to troll.
Scooby, get troll.
I think it's perfect.
I think it's perfect.
We're moving, guys.
We're moving, guys.
You're brave.
You're now.
You're brave.
You're now.
You're here.
It's little finish playing the tracks.
They're all set to go.
9.48 to 5.60 WTQAM.
You know, this Nancy Sinatra thing.
Have we been through this already before?
Yeah, we have.
So I just thought I'd fax it so you could tell them.
Scott says Nancy Sinatra these votes were made for walking.
Well, guess what?
I mean, right off the bat, everybody remembers something stupid
with Nancy and Frank.
But she also had how does that the Grab You Darling,
Friday's Child, Sugar Town,
ripped off from the McGuire sisters,
love eyes, a whole bunch of them.
So get out of here with Nancy Sinatra, okay?
Ball or everybody remembers something stupid.
Nancy and Frank, piece of crap.
Also, Ben just doesn't want to give up.
Ben, quit by your behind, okay, sweetheart.
You're going to miss me was a hit in 1966
by he faxed me the same fax yesterday.
By the 13th floor elevator was pretty cool.
Well, guess what?
It may have been a hit in your house, Ben,
but it wasn't hit any place else.
And the only version of that that was it was by Connie Francis,
which I'd be kind of embarrassed to admit that.
And then he's got a list of other ones on here,
like six of them, one of which is Robin Ward,
wonderful summer, which we put on today.
All the other ones have got like either they were never
hit in the first place or they had more than one.
And they're not qualified.
Well, sorry, Ben, give up on your behind.
Here's one of the most grotesque stories.
Have you seen this about the teacher that beat the kids with a broom?
No, I did not.
New York, the York police arrested a substitute teacher yesterday
for allegedly attacking 19 of his first grade people
with a broom handle.
First grade, that's like six years old, right?
Five, six.
Value Nunez, 57,
lashed out after losing control of the class,
police spokesman Sergeant Gregory Herald said,
he faces assault charges.
He smacked my daughter, mother Toshana,
Samp said, he smacked her so hard that he knocked her earring out of her ear.
What else is a five-year-old kid or six-year-old kid doing with an earring and a rear anyway?
Comedom.
Sack told WCBS TV that Nunez beat one child with a back of a broomstick.
He broke it and then hit him.
These are babies.
What gives him the right to hit our kid, Samp said.
The children retreated in the hospital and released authority said.
A woman at Nunez is home identified herself as his wife and said he had been a substitute
teaching for two years and that she was shocked by the assault accusations
the woman would not provide her name for obvious reasons.
A board of education spokeswoman did not return phone calls and no further information about the incident.
It was immediately available.
Nobody is talking.
I think we ought to take him out in a guy by the woodshed and just beat the crap out of him.
In fact, let the kid stone him.
Would be a good idea.
Isn't that what it says in the Bible?
Something about the substitute teachers who are like disobedient and beat up the kids should be surely stone to that?
Doesn't it say that?
Yeah, pretty sure it says that.
9.51 at 5.60 WQA.
I'll tell you one thing.
Anybody goes out there and waste a lot of time and effort trying to buy a new mattress.
They also must be stoned.
Because mattress shopping is a total waste of time.
Running all around town and your car wasting a lot of gas and all sweat it up.
Or maybe like a being out there in a pouring rain.
How's it?
I'll look today by the way speaking of that.
Grim and bleak.
Grim and bleak.
Kind of like here now.
It's kind of grim and bleak because they know the rumors are coming this weekend.
Anyway, if you want to get you a great mattress, do what I always do.
Just sit there no matter what the weather is outside and make one easy phone call and they come to you.
That's right. 1-800 mattress.
When you call that number, you're immediately connected with an expert bed and consultant.
Whose only job is to hook you up with a kind and the brand of mattress that you're looking for.
A twin, a king, a queen, whatever you need.
And of course, the top brands in the world, Surtle, Sealys, Simmons, King, Coil, Extra Fur,
Mextra, Soft, whatever way you like to sleep.
So do yourself and your back a humongous favor and your pocketbook too.
Because they have everyday low prices that are unbeatable.
Call 1-800 mattress.
They'll be there and when it's convenient for you any two-hour window that you pick, any day, seven days a week.
And you also get an unbeatable 30-day in-home comfort guarantee.
So you can test your mattress the only smart way by sleeping on it.
So whatever you do, don't be stupid when you go and buy a new mattress.
Do the smart thing by making that one easy call.
They'll be there in no time at all.
1-800 mattress.
That's the number to call 1-800-MATTRES.
Or check them out on that wicked worldwide wedding.
Johnny, Dr. Sartre!
You won't be waking up to Brian Gumbel anymore.
What does he want to do next?
And how does his beautiful fiancee, Hillary, feel about his...
Cock, tonight he gives us his exclusive private story.
Brian, why did you leave the morning, Sean?
I told CBS...
...that this was it.
This was done.
CBS?
Yeah.
CBS.
One of the things that may have hurt Gumbel's popularity, especially with women,
was his highly public, bitter divorce from his wife of 27 years, June.
In fact, Brian Gumbel has found a new woman to share his life with.
Not long after you separated from your wife, you began appearing in public with a new woman.
Very Clinton.
Yes?
Let's meet Hillary.
Okay.
I'm delighted to be here and...
...I'm not gonna see CBS.
So the big question.
Did Hillary pick up that marriage?
Yeah.
Well, sure.
The pair.
The pair.
No.
People say, I say, why not?
Why not?
Ball from one end to the other.
Brian, 506.
How did I do this?
How did I wind up taking that break so early?
I must be a little off my feet today, huh?
Or again, just trying to get ahead of myself.
Maybe I'd like to get out of here early.
Oh, and I do want to say this.
Mad Dog said on...
...was it yesterday we had the baseball game or Wednesday in the afternoon?
You're asking me.
It was Wednesday.
And I forgot to mention this.
If somebody would have called him, he would have taken me up by the offer to the extra half-hour.
You mean he wasn't listening?
And he was very appreciative of that, huh?
No, he was not listening.
No, man.
Is house, do you think he'd be listening in his house?
No.
You listen to the radio to the station in your house?
You don't even listen to the station in your car, Mr. So what the hell are you talking about?
I would at least not show.
At least I appreciate the fact that he acknowledged my very generous offer and said he would have taken me up on it.
And he's okay in my book.
He's...
Oh, right.
If you ask me.
Every DJ's favorite song, this is called Take Your Craft Music Baby,
Seven and a half minutes long.
Every morning DJ just loved to play this right out of the box.
Right out of the box.
Because, you know, early in the morning, I'll come running in a little bit late to slap this on and then...
...scoot was never way to tell us, girl.
I mean, if you can't do it in seven and a half minutes, forget about it.
At an extraordinary meeting on the sex scandal that shake in the Roman Catholic Church,
US bishops took a Step 2 A Zero Prove...
Oh, by the way, WQM IME for Lauderdale.
See, I screwed that all up there.
It's all right, close enough.
At an extraordinary meeting on the sex scandal that shake in the Roman Catholic Church,
US bishops took a Step 2 A Zero Tolerance Policy for Petophile Priests
after scrapping a proposal that would have kept some abuse of clergy in the ministry.
Bishops met in a closed-door session until late yesterday as they crafted a plan that Catholic leaders hope
will end the crisis that seemed dismissal a resignation of over 250 accused priests in January
for bishops of also step down.
Final legislation was to be approved today, progress considered unprecedented
for a church that often debates issues for years, but then now, of course, is scurrying to try to cover it up and make it look good.
Last week's initial draft proposed that a priest who abused one minor in the past could be reassigned to a parish,
though only if the other went counseling was examined by a review board, agreed to supervision and publicly disclosed his misconduct,
Cardinal Francis George of Chicago said it will be unacceptable to allow abuse of priest to continue with parish work.
That sounds as if you can do it once and no one will pay attention to you, he said.
You see, if I can interject this thought in here again because it's very, very important and can't be said too many times,
what we have here is the church making law, which is totally unacceptable.
To any like law-biting citizen, the church can't decide what the punishment should be.
The punishment should be up to the civil authorities.
You pass it along to the police and let them throw the ass in jail, which is where child molasses belong.
Archbishop Harry Flynn of St. Paul and Minneapolis, head of the drafting committee, indicated this left two options,
strict zero tolerance, outing any pre-found guilty of abuse, or a slightly less strict policy of the sort advocated by Cardinal Thedo Macarach of Washington, D.C.,
who's one of the real apologists and assholes.
Macarachia suggested allowing some older men guilty of one past misdeed to remain technically in the priesthood,
but living in close confinement kept out of perishes and barred from celebrating public masses, in other words, keeping like in the closet.
A less contentious aspect of last week's proposal, and all future acts of molestation with result in expulsion, was expected to be retained today.
Yesterday's meeting came after a highly dramatic opening in which Bishop Wilson Gregory, president of the U.S. Conference of Bishops,
bluntly acknowledged that the Bishops' mistakes helped cause the scandal.
While Gregory has repeatedly apologized for the bishop's role in the crisis, his remarks yesterday were perhaps his most direct yet.
We are the ones who chose not to reprote the criminal actions of priesthood to the authorities because the law didn't require this, he said.
We're the ones who worried more about the possibility of scandal than bringing about the kind of openness that helped prevent abuse.
Bishop's also were victims tell how pain permeated their lives.
Michael Blant of Chicago told of joining the priesthood but leading after trying to persuade church leaders to take action against his molester.
The priesthood lost me, but kept the perpetrators at Blant, a psychologist who works with victims in the Chicago Archdiocese.
Gregory once again told victims he was sorry for the pain they suffered and further asked forgiveness from the faithful priest whose reputations have been marred by the misconduct of a few, as he said.
He also asked Bishop's or would guilty of abuse to turn themselves in to Vatican authorities.
How about just to the police would be good, huh?
Yeah, we'll take it.
Yeah, instead of letting the pope and his enhancement over their cover it up.
One of the leaders hardest hit by the scandal, Boston's Cardinal Bernard Law had plans to apologize to his fellow proletts at his spokesman Donna Marissi.
The National Crisis began when Boston court documents revealed that law allowed a pedophile priest to continue to serve.
That's Father Gagan for those who haven't been keeping track.
Outside the hotel where the meeting was being held about 50 people protested, the church's handling of abuse cases, about 150 people later attended an evening prayer service that started with the song Healing River.
An opening prayer included the line Failure Hearts of Your Faithful People Gathered Here and the Hearts of Our Bishops Gathered in Ernest Delivoration.
Right.
After the bishops' approval for reform policy today they plan to take up a second document listing norms or key provisions that affect church law in America.
I wonder if norm can't be on that list.
These require Vatican approval to become binding on all U.S. diocese since each bishop answers to, well, not the bishops' conference, otherwise the policy would remain a mere gentleman's agreement.
Flynn said there was no time this week to bear a third document that would spell out details on ousting priests that await until the bishops' November meeting he said.
Victims in independent caucus' meeting here pressed for a further radical demand that U.S. church leaders lobby-roan to remove bishops who keep abuse of clergy on duty while ignoring warnings.
They're seeing little prospect today's final document would endorse that idea, makes them what sense.
All of the nearly 400 retired nack-to-bishops in the U.S. were invited to this week's conference but only the active proletts who number around 285 came vote on the policy.
And as I said, if you want to look up Wednesday morning's Dallas morning news, you'll find out that two thirds of these hot shots in a church were a guilty of protecting and covering up for the abusers and all belong in jail.
Doug Montello writes in New York Post today, boy, he's good.
Perv clergy tracker can't catch Cardinal's ear.
He says he'd figure it would be easy for John Bambrick a priest from New Jersey to get a sit-down chat with Cardinal Edward Egan, but he can't despite a formal letter requesting it.
You see, Bambrick is a priest sexual abuse victim and advocate who wants Egan to reign in and defraak a priest who abused him during the 1980s.
The accused priest, Reverend Anthony Aramito, was once a pastor at Holy Cross Church on West 42nd Street Manhattan and he's still on the loose.
Loose in Lubbock, Texas, about 300 miles west of Dallas, where the bishops in Egan are trying to resolve a pre-sex abuse scandal that's exploded in their faces.
Squirt, Squirt.
Also in Dallas, his bishop, Placido Rodriguez, who heads the Lubbock Diocese, which in 1998 allowed him to minister at a hospital called the Covenant Health System, the hospital's affiliated with a Children's Medical Center.
Yesterday, the local Lubbock paper reported that Aramito took a leave of absence from his chaplain duties after Bambrick found in this past march.
I felt that's what I should go public because I feel that we're not going to remove him, said Bambrick 37.
I felt the best chance I had of saving kids was to tell their parents about him.
If they weren't going to remove him, then I would do it, he said.
That's what he wants to talk to Egan about.
Once a priest is ordained by the Archdiocese of New York, he remains their property, regardless of where they were assigned.
The same principle applies to all child-molesting priests from the New York area diocese, who melt into society only to resurface again, ready for action.
Aramito got in trouble in 1991 when Bambrick told the Archdiocese of New York about the sexual abuse that began when he was 15 and an aspiring priest.
The late Cardinal O'Connor removed Aramito from Holy Cross and suspended him.
A few years later, Bambrick learned Aramito was working at a Westchester County Church and later with a church in Atlantic Harlan's New Jersey before he split town.
Joseph's ruling on Archdiocese spokesman acknowledged Aramito was among three dozen priests whose names were handed over to the area district attorney.
As Willing said, the diocese of Lubbock was aware of Aramito's troubles in New York and decided to let him preach anyway.
Aramito did not return a call for comment. Bishop Rodriguez said he was unaware of the allegations against Aramito and had taken him on with a recommendation from Cardinal O'Connor, White Stug Monteiro in today's New York Post.
Oy! Who the hell are they, kiddin' huh?
They knew all about it, they kept cover and put slip it out of the carpet and move it them all around and, uh, and like I said before, maybe they were sharing and maybe they're given tips and phone numbers.
Harold reports parishioners rallied the back of their pastor and of course this always happens every single time.
Remember the rabbi up there in Boca the child muster?
They'll know all the people, all the people in his shul said, oh, couldn't be rabbi Shmendrick whatever hell his name was, couldn't be him, he's a wonderful upstairs well was him.
Always happens because the flock of brainwashed.
At times holding hands at times wiping away tears hundreds of parishioners flocked to St. Brenton Catholic Church yesterday to show their faith in their long time pastor, the Reverend Jose Nixie, who was accused of sexually abusing an altar boy 20 years ago.
Those who attended the evening mass followed by a Rosary service and a procession that circle the Westchester Church said their belief in Nixie's innocence is unshakeable.
I can't see a St. Brenton without father Nixie said Jose Losa choking back sobs in a back pew.
A 30 don't play that Dan rather thing okay that would be in bad taste.
You know the one I'm talking about? Yeah that one.
Choking back tears in a back pew.
A 30 year member of the parish Losa said his two sons were altar servers at the time the alleged abuse took place.
We are all standing behind him as a family he said.
Nixie 55 is one of the most prominent priests to be suspended in South Florida since they clergy sex abuse scandals spread across the country earlier this year.
Pastor of St. Brenton since 1982 Nixie has helped build one of the areas largest parishes with a congregation of numbers 4,500.
The Archdiocese of Miami placed Nixie on administrative lead June 4 after receiving a complaint from the man now in his mid 30s who accused the priest of molesting him when he was a 15 year old saint Brendan altar boy.
The man's lawyer Shulvin Steven said he plans to file suit next week against Nixie the Reverend Ricardo Castelano's 56 who accused the molesting the same man and three others and the Archdiocese too.
Both priests have been suspended while a lay panel appointed by Archbishop Favollera investigates depending on the outcome the priest could be reinstated or removed.
The Archdiocese recently confirmed that 12 priests have been suspended or retired since 1998 because of past sex abuse complaints.
Nixie's attorney Doug McIntosh of Fort Lauderdale said the allegations against his client are baseless.
Are we going to fight them? Absolutely yes McIntosh said. Are we going to preserve his good name? Absolutely yes.
The faithful of St. Brendan say they have the same resolve. Where behind him 100% said Pablo Faharado pointed out a man of sign on the front of the church that read, we support Favollera Nixie.
Said Marie Favollera, whose two children attend the Church Elementary School and her altar servers. There's no substance to this. There's only dollar signs to this. Favollera said she's disconcerted by what she described as a lack of information from the Archdiocese.
We're generally disappointed by the lack of support the Archdiocese is given to Favollera Nixie into the parish.
She said Nixie didn't attend yesterday service. He's been temporarily replaced by St. Brendan's associate pastor the Reverend Charles Peterman.
And yesterday's mass the Reverend Francisco Calderon read a letter from Nixie to the parish. The salification is totally unfounded.
I read the letter. He did a June 5th. I'm shocked and dumbfounded but not hateful. I forgive my accuser. He said, oh man, he forgives his accuser. Isn't that nice? Yeah. Sweet.
That's pretty wide of him. I'd say. Oh, look at this rock and run. He's an asshole. Don't send me any more of his faxes. Rock and run. Medley's a major asshole who thinks nothing about music.
Hey, guess what? We don't take instructions on how to do the show. Okay. I'll talk about what every time I want to talk about and everybody knew brother wants to hear about the goddamn Catholic Church and his scandal. Okay.
Well, it's higher than the goddamn mashed potato. I was speaking to mashed potatoes. How about D. E. Sharp? Not she had more other. Yes. Now look at this. We got a battle going on here for a minute.
I thought it was going to be like iron butterfly in a runaway. Didn't you? In a God of David. That's what I voted for. 16 votes. Yeah. It's great song. Frankie goes to Hollywood. Relax. 11.
Big country in a big country. Eight twisted sister. We're not going to take it. Got four. Billy's Ray Cyrus. Aki Baki. He already be having a foe. The elegance little star. That's what I voted for. We got three.
Now let's see. Oh, you know what we don't have on there yet? We'll get it on there next time next time we do this. Like maybe Monday or whenever I feel like it.
What is this? What is this? I don't know. Oh, it's Al Wilson and the snake.
Not a one-hit wonder though. Sorry, bro. You're Brian yet. Other here. But the snake is always.
No, but this down the path alone. Don't.
A tin. A little woman. So I'll pull her. Frozen snake. I just pretty. There's nothing worse than a half frozen snake. I'll tell you that.
Except maybe like a totally frozen snake. Connecticut courts held high abuse judge says. A Connecticut superior court judge accused the state's judiciary this week of long standing complicity in the vices of bridge ports efforts to keep hidden from the public.
The extent of clergy sexual abuse, including a church cover up, which the judge said is at the heart of the scandal. In a written opinion released late Wednesday judge Robert.
Oh, wait to hear this name. Are you holding on to all the sides of your seats? Trapped in a written opinion released late Wednesday judge Robert F. McWeney.
Criticized what he called a judicial model of cooperation with the vices is endlessly endlessly delaying litigation ceiling files and coercing victims into non-disclosure settlements. Isn't that what they call hot dogs at McDonald's?
An extraordinary language that another soul hot dogs at McDonald's. That would be a good name for that wouldn't it be? How come get your McWeney? Yeah. McDeath McWeney?
An extraordinary language aimed at the Connecticut appellate court which is delayed his order that seven boxes of secret documents be made public. McWeney declared that it is indefensible morally as well as legally to get the documents under court seal.
Even the delay he said precludes any time of indication of any public right to access this compelling information compelling information said McWeney.
In this week's opinion and in May 8 order that the records of 23 subtle lawsuits become public McWeney hinted that the documents will be damaging to the church.
If his order is upheld and the records may cause further problems for Cardinal Egan who's headed the bridge port diocese for 12 years until he was elevated to watch Bishop of New York in 2000.
In a little noticed footnote to his May 8 decision McWeney referred to one case not yet publicly reported. He wrote that one of the defendant priests following at least two complaints of sexual abuse of minors and a diagnosis of chronic schizophrenia paranoid type was promoted to the position of pastor while so engaged he was accused of further incidents of child sexual abuse. What a shock, what a surprise, huh? God. Thank you Reverend McWeney or whatever had your name is. That is not you right. That is a good idea.
And how come they don't sell hot dogs if fast food joints have ever asked yourself that question I have and I don't know I don't know the answer doesn't everybody like a nice weenie every now and then every now and then speaking of that speaking of weenies joined a big dog Joe was one to three today for his live broadcast at who doesn't Pemberg primes Marlon's outfield or cliff Floyd will be a hand signing autographs along with the QM prize patrol.
Plus meet the beast and Billy the Marlon will be on hand with all star balance to vote for Mike Lowell to be a start in this years mid summer or classic the all star games what I think they call it so come out to his and Pemberpimes vote for Mike Lowell in 2002 hang out with your friends from QA M and Joe rose to why he's like kind of kind of from QA M you know every now and then like today when mad dog you know something anybody in the world's got a better deal in mad dog.
Except maybe except maybe Mrs. mad dog from it's after 10 at 560 WQ and if you want to send sational meal at a truly outstanding restaurant one that's been voted for the past 14 years in a row on a browser best here's the place on the little cafe used to be on Davey Road extension in a very on a prusive look and place and because it became so big and famous and they had to get a great location bigger and better than ever and that's in the piece of the lot of plans on university driving Davey between Griffin in 595 right the on Pier one imports there with loads of loads of money.
And complimentary family parking to the food at our middle is out of this world mouthwatering start out with appetizers like the tequila grilled shrimp with corn cakes the tempera island princess conque their spinach salads are sensational with glazed be cans pistachio
question much about a salad with lemon basil dressing what's that the word to portal to portal now what do they have to to pull what is that in.
Jar no no that's one of the salad high hydro panic a rubla with honey dutch and portal dressing and you know something I think the door maybe is a jar and the entrees man prepared with the best and fresh ingredients try the pan to the allotale snapper with roasted peppers or the sea bass with sweet corn and
glaze lots and lots of weight on phrase the lights of which you've never seen that's just your pedestrian stuff and for dessert speaking of not just pedestrian the best crme
relay in the history of mankind and warm chocolate for this covered in hot pudge which I can't wait to try call the
omitted look at the for reservations at 9.5.4 4.2.3.99.54 be sure to tell that Neil sent you by for an unbelievable meal why not try it this weekend 9.5.4.4.4.2.3.99.54 the astonishing omitted look at the
end is the marlins take on the answer revealed people say it's
ever is the marlins take on the device before nine oes are when you don't you
who I am.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
I was gonna go to class before I got high, come on y'all check it out. I could have cheated and I could have passed but I got high. La la la I'm taking a next semester and I know why. La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
I was gonna pay much less support, but then I got highno you was ?? La la la ! I think to my home page , and I know why. What do you think? cause I got high"
you thing something, just like grilling a haluce, andILL me more, this Lunator 
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
I wasn't gonna run from the cops but I was high with a seriousman
I was gonna pull right over and stop but I was high
Now I'm gonna tear up, please shake it
I know why I'm here
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Because I got high
Because I got high
La la la la
I was gonna make love to you
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm gonna say you say you
I was gonna eat your pussy too
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Now I'm jacking up
And I know why
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You know, you know, you know
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You know, you know, you know, you know
I'm messed up, I'm entirely like you
Because I got high
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Lost my keys and white
Because I got high
Say what, say what, say what, say what
Now sleeping on the sidewalk
And I know why, why I'm being fake
Because I got high
Because I got high
La la la la
I'm gonna stop singing this song
Because I'm high
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Baby, I'm singing this whole thing
Roll, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Because I'm high
And I know why, why I'm being fake
Because I'm high, because I'm high
Because I'm high
La la la that's not good
You're gonna feel like they're not life and about dealers
How about your tax dollars when you hear this
Get a New Year's day
Authorities carried out raids in Southern California across the country and the rest at least
32 suspects yesterday
And it cracked down on Mexico's biggest drug gang
The Aurillano Felix cartel
Oh! That's here, baby
We're doin' it
A poison that's affecting our children's been removed from the streets
At LA Police Chief Martin Pomroy
They have a Yanno Felix organization
Believed that I've shipped tons of cocaine and marijuana
to the border city of Tijuana and on the distributors of California in the Midwest over the past two decades.
It's also believed to have been behind more than 300 murders.
The raids in the U.S. carried out by federal state and local officials to place at 30 locations in Southern California,
as well as in New York, Arizona, Minnesota, Connecticut, said,
those arrested included Juan Carlos, I'm sorry, Juan Ramn, saying the difference, Camacho,
and Rosario Uyarte, who alleged to be kingpins of the LA drug trafficking operations.
This route attorney Steve Cooley said the raids ended in 32 arrests and 38 other people remained at large.
Mexico's attorney general said this week that the gang remained strong despite the death of Topin Forza,
Ramn, Arin, or Felix, who we shot by police in February, and the capture a month later of his brother.
It's still remained strong, and you know what it's, what's the point?
You know what I'm going to say.
What are you going to say?
In the world of money drugs, drugs, drugs, and cops, the basic thing is always the same,
but favored methods of breaking the law do tend to change, says CBS.
A arrest announced Wednesday by the US in Colombia through a sharp spotlight on the latest wrinkle in the heroin trade.
US in Colombia in the thirties have charged 25 people with drug conspiracy for allegedly smuggling in clothes soaked in liquid heroin.
Authorities say up to 20 kilograms of heroin with a street value of $3 million was brought into the US every month since October of 2001.
James Coma, US attorney for the Southern District of New York, says,
heroin has made a big comeback in the US drug scene, with Colombian producers taking over the East Coast market from the southeast and the southwest.
Coma called the drug ring smashed by the rest one of the most powerful and most dominant in the world,
the US were the result of a six-month investigation by the DEA and Colombian national police.
The indictment charges that drugs were allegedly soaked into garments or hidden in luggage with false compartments.
Couriers including US defendants then smuggled the heroin through South and Central for discrimination in New York,
in Miami, Houston, Philadelphia, and Boston, according to the indictment.
One courier was caught made 29 smuggled in 55 pounds of heroin, so clothing in a Houston indictment says,
the smugglers allegedly used the chemical to reduce the heroin to liquid form and get the clothing in the fluid, extract the drug,
the clothes were later soaked in another liquid chemical which evaporated and left the narcotics.
The heroin operation was allegedly based in Pereira, Colombia, or the drugs were bought.
Here is somebody who had to send this letter to the ACLU. This is depressing. Did you read this?
Yeah, it is depressing.
To show you what a religious, fanatic country most of you are living in? Those of you who live in the US of A?
From a man named Robert, who for obvious reasons, blocks out his last name which I'm applying him.
To Howard Simon of the ACLU, he writes, my name is Robert.
I'm an American citizen born in Miami, Florida, and served my country and operation desert storm.
Today was the first time in my life I've ever been embarrassed to be an American.
My wife is from England, she's been living here for five years. The first opportunity she had, she turned in her paperwork and $295 to become a citizen.
She studied hard for her test and submitted all the paperwork that was called for, including the written letter explaining that she wanted to affirm instead of so help me God on her orthosidysanship.
She came out of the room in tears because the person testing her and her supervisor at the 77th Southwest 5th Street Office of Immigration in Miami said that the exception to the oath was only for Jehovah's Witnesses and that her status was now pending submittal of paperwork that requires a letter from her church leader, etc.
When I gave the oath to die from my country if need be, I was allowed to affirm why is this not the case for someone applying for citizenship?
What I've said to the most was that the study test had the question, what is covered by the First Amendment and a few lines later, whose rights are protected by the Constitution?
The answer to the letter being both citizens and non-citizens alike. She has spent the afternoon and tears and keeps pointing out that had she been a Christian, she would be a citizen right now, but because she's an atheist she was denied.
I don't know if I could find a better example of religious discrimination if I tried. We are both offended and I'm ashamed of what happened today and we're like any help you could provide Mr. Simon.
I could have asked. I hope that Howard Simon is able to help him. Okay, so the God damn bastards, okay Howard, so they're asked.
A bunch of bull crap. Just like John Ascroft getting up there a couple of months ago and making those outrageous disgusting disgraceful comments about how Islam, you know, while we recognize Islam and anybody who believes in God, meaning Jews and Christians, but of course not anybody who's not part of those three religions.
So not just the only atheist in agnostics, but anybody who's like seventh-day Adventist, Buddhists, Hindu, you name it. You're a bunch of animals anyway, according to John Ascroft, our attorney general.
This is the mentality you're dealing with. It's called a bunch of five-bisoner glands what you're dealing with.
Enforcing civil rights laws. Yeah, then what do you know about that, Mr. Who the hell's he couldn't? He's on there right now with his robot.
He's on. Helping to disabled look at that look on his post. You can see it written all over his face. Can't you go and go to see it on right now, Channel 54. Take a look at that post.
But those alphadynumineers dangerous. The stands for dumb and stands for dangerous. Anyway, here's the facts about the let's see something in here by ThunderClapp Newman.
You know something that is a great song. And you vote for that the other day. I was on it. Yeah, sure wish we had that.
It said was used in the closing of the movie The Magic Christian studying Peter Schumacher's single star. You'll better.
Roman's my team. Rekiael Walls. Your monster will be still available.
Great song.
I sure hope you saved the thing from yesterday because I think I should get candid the thing the list the list the results. Yeah, I didn't print up.
Well, well, no, would that be a disaster or what? Oh, it's still in the garbage. You didn't hark in there. Did you? How could I do that?
That's what happens when you got too much cramply and around trying to find like a, you know, a spot, which I have a spot on top of my computer screen here, but I just I think I might just just in case.
Just tell Eric just stand by. Okay, stand by for news and the bad news is I think I should make Canada. I was looking to see how many votes I got under your stay ThunderClapp Newman. Not not many.
Not at not many.
I heard butterflies got 20. Frankie goes to Hollywood, relax 15 big country in a big country 11 twisted sister. It's three horse race so far.
27 past 10 at 560 WQM audio sound floated diners out there been telling you for a long time about the lights of Westbrook.
And always about the incredible selection of African products and low carb foods. How you can sample every product before you buy and how the stores extended hours from Monday till Sunday till 10 p.m.
Also telling you about the knowledgeable friendly staff some of them are even fat and those should all be reasoned up to shop at Delights right well guess what you wrong because Delights of Westbrook
Yeah, see any see any of it up here. No, I just mentioned that. Stop by Delights of Westbrook. There's only one the original on the Northeast corner of blades in 441 and Boka column toll free at 1 877 low carb or see him on the web at lowcarb.com. Why did they don't forget to try the great tasting carb or light ice cream too? That's the lights of Westbrook are your official.
I'm going to take some time to find the way I see online.
I'm over and over. The picture all the same.
I'm going to take some time to fill with my needle that I see online.
1033 at 560 WDQAM. So the VH1 list you notice in the top 20 they've got like a little blurb about each song. I found my thing in the trash in addition to which I was wrong anyway because ThunderClaven Newman was on.
I didn't do that badly. It didn't do that great. It had 25 votes. It came in about like number 12 something like that. And look at some of the songs that finished ahead of it like turning Japanese. I mean,
because some of you got tasting your breakfast. Anyway, getting back to the comments in here on the VH1 you can go at CVH1's top 100 one hit wonders on the VH1 whatever the website is which I'm assuming it's VH1.com is at it. I would assume Robert. Yeah. Anyway,
come on. I lean by desi's midnight runners which came in first in our poll yesterday pretty handling it says singer Kevin Roland and his British musical collective dressed in dungarees and megal genres like rock and self Celtic soul.
But nobody expected this single whose single on course overwhelmed the dour lit lyrical perspective to knock Michael Jackson's Billy Jean off the number one spot in 83. So knocked off Michael Jackson. So we like it already. You bet.
And a one yesterday hands down your pants speaking to hands down your pants. Here's a distressing story back home. I think it's a funny story. It's a great story.
Brumming how Alabama just to kind of place you expect this to where life is to happen. Thank you Robert. Thank you Robert. Oh, this is from Fox who you know it must be amusing. A woman in rage that her boyfriend attacked him with a utility knife and nearly cut off all of his buttocks.
Second, leaving him near death in a dark rural road of prosecutor said Tuesday we've heard of people having their penis cut off like John Wayne Bobbitt and others. But this is the first time I think I've ever heard of it. Somebody getting his buttocks his ass chopped off.
I think maybe it's no coincidence that CNN is saying ask every other word that it would that story about Peter Jennings. I think maybe it's all ass week. You've heard of ass Wednesday. Maybe it's just like ass week. Just want a piece of ass.
The injuries were so severe investigators initially believed the victim was sexually tortured and dragged behind a car in a possible hate crime. The man is not fully described what happened to police but they said they believe his girlfriend acted alone. She was arrested Wednesday in charge with attempted murder.
You know, we've heard of acts murderers before. She could have been like the first ass murderer. The gruesome nature of the injuries is almost mind boggling said this through to Tony Chris McCool with the trauma of the attack. How do you talk about that? Well, I don't know.
Kimberly King 26 of Aliceville, the jail without bail. This ain't right. She told a TV news crew as she was arrested. King didn't have a lawyer through to this ain't right. She said.
King and a boyfriend have been in a bar Mississippi late Saturday or early Sunday. McCool said they left separately after an argument. Police said she pulled up behind his vehicle on an isolated highway near Aliceville under which he pulled up on his rear and began stabbing him with a large knife. When he fell, she got down on him and just started cutting McCool said.
The victim Rodney. Do you see what his name is? Yes. The victim Rodney outlawed 25. We gain conscious. Nice sometime later and drove about nine miles. Nine to the nearest home. We ran hospitalized Thursday. Aliceville's about 80 miles southwest of Birmingham. So there's a first guy we ever heard is on the verge of death because his.
The victim asked out chopped off boy 24 votes for iron butterfly and a god of divita for any of the sad part of it is we don't have any of these the top four under now. I just mentioned that in passing. Hey, Brian. Yeah. Iron butterfly and a god of divita 24 Frankie goes to Hollywood 17 big country in a big country 11 twisted sisters got young and van McQuain a hustler got seven. We didn't this didn't make the cut today. We'll have to put it on a future one.
I won't get any votes because it's old and whatever. Chris. Let me show you where. I mean, how could that not get a lot of votes? Not on her yet. Don't panic, but he won't. You mark my words because they don't know from it. I think 1037 and 560 W. Kim. We got Joe Rosad. Who does for the mad dog today? One to three. Is there anybody in the world with a better gig than the mad dog?
No. Three o'clock at tank in the studio with a short and show because you got marlins on direct at 630. Marlins against the Tampa Bay devil raise at pp. Park 705 tonight. Any K after the ballgame and Joe and Mark overnight to the six.
Boy should be a gigantic bunch of crowds for that series this weekend for the devil raise. And a huckabat says Tampa Bay devil raise on here. Didn't they drop finally the devil from the name?
I think it's just the raise. Yeah. Yeah. Those Yahoo's over there in Tampa. They had a Schmidt fit the first a seasonal two because of that devil thing. Yeah. All those voodoo people over there and they said, oh, we don't want the devil in our name.
And so they dropped devil from the name and not just the temperance. Nobody still shows up and there's still like 80 games under 500. They still suck.
This is a sequel to a story we gave several days ago that like had us, you know, kind of interested, but the bad news is Nixon White House counsel John Dean had been all set to lay out his latest theory about the identity of the mysterious Watergate tips.
Who helped topple a presidency this Monday coming up Monday, but online magazine salon dot com and promise to April at the 30th anniversary of the June 1772 Watergate burglary John Dean and salon dot com along master wield the throat. Well, now it seems maybe not.
Dean says his deep throat information has been adamantly denied and editors are making last minute changes in the 40,000 word ebook.
What's happened is as the field is narrowed that an hour has become much more forceful, but there were only X number of people out there who can fall into the clothes and who could have been deep throat. Dean told the AP salon dot com managing editor Scott Rosenberg said he's still aiming for Monday publication date for the ebook, but he admitted what began as a project to remove the veil for one of America's greatest political mysteries has become more complex.
The book has changed and may continue to change. He said the idea was to publish Dean's theories is an ebook available to paint subscribers providing a financial boost to the struggling internet company.
I'm trying to share as much light as possible on the mysterious deep throat. I have a lot of information Dean said he would not provide further details because that would be bad for business.
Dean served 127 days in prison for his part of the Watergate scandal after testify before the Senate about President Nixon's efforts to cover up a breaking at the Democratic National Committee headquarters.
Nixon branded him as a traitor after the testimony years ago. Dean named Watergate prosecutor Earl J. Silver and Nixon chief of staff Alexander M. Haggis potential deep throats.
Both men and others steadfastly have denied it. Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward was guided by the Sala secret of source and colleague Carl Bernstein have never revealed the throats true identity.
Woodward said he'll remain mum until the throats die. So if you're looking forward to money to getting the inside crap, I don't know why I'm so excited about that. Are you?
Yeah, I couldn't care. I'd rather know who killed Cockrobat. You know, something like that. Something important.
1040, 20 before level to 560 WQ. I'm a kind of a murky Friday. I've got a cast story coming up. Boy, that Jimmy Carter should do a lot of good down there today. No. No. I'm a Samuel Crap.
Hey, Tom Layman's not the addition out the same old crap and how it potty act every time you turn around is coming up with something new and innovative and really a nifty like right now.
It's how it's 2002 Neil Rogers Neil deal blow out sale. That's the model when in doubt blow it out stop by how it potty at GMC at 134 once out.
It's a high way on us one right across the street from the falls. The same great spot they've been doing it right for over 35 years and where right now the lowest sale prices marked on the invoice on all brand new 2002 cars and trucks and stock.
And you can choose either 1.9% financing or up to a $3,500 rebate whichever tingles your toes. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy voted by motor trend as SUV of the year. And I'll be sure and take a peek at the all new vibe SUV vibe with the power of a sports car at just a small fraction of the price.
How it's also got an unbelievable and unbeatable selection of pre on cars, trucks and dependable SUVs as well. If you were turned on for credit any place else in the world have no fear because Tom Layman and the good people at how it will make sure they cut you deal some way.
It's the 2002 Neil Rogers deal blow out sale going on right now at how it potty act right across from the falls in South. They'd open every day seven days a week for more information you can call the Neil Rogers. I can't even say it. The Neil Rogers Neil deal hotline.
God it's like that Neil wakes me up in the morning thing from Zeta at one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven.
How about potty act GMC where they say and we're not exactly sure why we.
The three goals talking our balls.
A last prior to Marlon's baseball on sports radio five sixty.
Q a.m. I want to bang in the butt honey. It's eleven thirty in the morning. You just take in a fifteen minute nap.
You won that game of dodgeball. You've cleaned all the erasers recess is almost over and you've just done duty in your pants.
It's no time.
10 forty five five sixty w two. George start your list for Monday already did you did when you put on Chris canter and I like it like that.
Okay here's a couple more three more all right because I'm sitting here and I'm thinking of myself about novelty records and novelty records do a lot better than they probably should.
Here's one. Shab will you the purple people leader. That's a good one number one for six weeks in 1958.
The purple people leader I bet you a Dwight Lottold.
I decided about here and that.
He's probably can like the dark and collected the.
Reckham and see here. Here's another one Rex and effect rum shaker everything seems to be coming back to.
Back to ask now that they say not on CNN all morning long about a boot and you ask how you spell it affects.
No no Rex now you know how you know how to spell this R W R E C K X dash in dash effect EFF F E C T Rex and effect don't you know that's not rum shaker sure but I don't know.
Two for three weeks in 1992 and here's just one more.
We should also put on just one look by Doris Troy. Got it.
I better look that up though because I'm not sure about that somebody had that on one of the 80 million sheets that we got and thank goodness have those slow down I hope.
Yeah they stopped good good.
Yeah Doris Troy just one look that's a legitimate and the other one you want to put on it for Monday the man in the raincoat by Priscilla White W R I G H T 1955 never heard of it but it was number 16 and she was born Priscilla White W R I G H T born in London Ontario Canada.
So let's put some Canadians on here how about some Celine Dion.
No. What's the song Priscilla White?
I don't know I just closed the book scratch it out don't put that.
Nobody knows that song. I never heard of it.
I just got all excited because I saw it with somebody.
Well put this on here again. Now ahead it seems.
We didn't put this book on any of these words.
Yeah we did we did. You're wrong. You'll eat your words in a minute.
All right say something.
I can't remember writing down my script we can do it.
It was on there.
Trust me.
Like I said I don't see it.
All ladies would treat me repaid.
Moving my feet to the disco beat.
How in the world could I keep my seat?
I'm looking for it.
I don't see it.
We didn't do it.
You know what?
But there's another one for Monday.
disco duck Rick D's.
Oh man.
Here's a story that you're going to love.
Short and sweet to the point.
It says wait while I rob this store.
Spree suspect used car service cops say.
John A. Muller saw the problem of a getaway vehicle during a week long robbery spree and suffice this month's other police said.
He used the car service.
Police arrested Muller 39 of Central Isla Polar in Ron Concoma yesterday afternoon.
Soon after the robbery of very barn on Route 25 and Lake Grove.
You rest kept a week long series of robberies mostly of very violence by Muller police said.
They must be like farm store huh?
I guess.
According to police Muller used the car service to get to and from his robbery targets and he had the driver wait for him.
He would put on the disguise and the stores pretending he had a weapon and demand cash.
He then returned to the waiting car.
Muller has been charged with nine robberies between June 6th and yesterday police said.
He used to be a raindre the in the first district court in Central Isla long galley.
Isn't that great?
What else wrong with that?
Smart.
Yeah maybe our friends over there are Central Park Limor like to take you on a heist.
Why not?
Sounds like a great idea.
Oh let's get to that casthor story if we must.
They had a woman on here earlier on CNN.
Did you see that?
Who was 29 year old son, Lewis Brains out who was molested by a priest when he was 12?
Yes.
Do you see the picture?
Yes.
Good looking kid.
I mean just it's pathetic.
Here's your heart out.
Oh man.
Who was in and out of mental institutions who was molested when he was 12 years old.
And that's why this whole dog and pony show that's going on right now.
It's unacceptable.
Like I said yesterday it's like letting the heads of the five families sit around decide what the penalties will be for their crimes.
Or like letting the Nazis sit around at Nuremberg running the show.
Integrating themselves.
See and then this again go back to the US.
They're terror of interfering with the religion.
So it's a hands-off thing and you sit back and hope that they're going to do the best.
Which you know that they're not.
They're doing the best they can to covering it up and trying to put on a good show and make it look like they're really very concerned and apologetic.
Which at this late date that it holds no water with anybody with a brain.
Not going to bring back those people who are committed suicide or whose lives have been destroyed.
Tragedy, pathetic.
Just like that market by the way.
But a market's turn really ugly last two days.
Make some of us feel good that we finally got out.
I mean you know after a long, long desperate situation.
Just not looking too good.
Speaking of not looking too good.
Looks like Jimmy Carter didn't accomplish all of them out there.
In fact that would be a good poll question.
Who accomplished the most in Cuba?
Jimmy Carter or the Pope?
Who took the most food on toilet paper.
Yeah.
Oh they had that conference on the World Starvation again.
I don't know where they had it this time.
Remember I told you one year that I was in Rome in my hotel.
In La Grande Hotel which is a very fancy, fancy, expensive and overpriced hotel.
Kind of a little dumped by the way.
But at any rate.
And as we walked through the hallways there were all these food carts out there in the hall.
Every night it went on for like you know three, four days this conference on World Hunger.
And there were like you could have fed the Chinese army with all the food that they were thrown out because nobody ate it.
Because they were all getting room service all these big shots.
In fact it seems to me that Castro was in town for that thing.
But not at my hotel he was one of the other big shot hotels.
Fidel Castro announced the drive to collect signatures in support of a constitutional amendment that would declare his 41 year old socialist system untouchable.
Even Robert Stack is in shock untouchable.
Opponents say the four day petitioned Robert is a clear response to a homegrown campaign that's been pushing for a referendum to demand democratic reforms in Cuba.
To which he says no.
In a live appearance on state one TV yesterday Castro said over 120,000 petitions stations will be set up around the island more than one for every hundred citizens for signature gathering campaigns starting this Saturday tomorrow.
No campaign will be denied the opportunity.
Oh he's got to wait with words.
No campaign will be denied the opportunity to back the amendments of Castro who established the social assistance in Cuba two years after he deported in 1959.
And of course if they don't participate.
Well good luck to them.
Opposition activists say the petition drivers the government's response to their own signature campaign for a referendum in which voters would be asked whether they favor civil liberties including freedom of speech and assembly the right to own a business electoral reform and amnesty for political prisoners.
It's sad that the government keeps feeding the image of popular support veteran human rights activist El Azado Sanchez said of Castro's announcement.
Castro said nothing publicly about the opposition campaign which is called the Vorella project almost been named after Ilyana Vorella must be.
Ilyana Vanilla it's backwards collected more than 10,000 signatures the constitutions are needed to propose a referendum and submitted them to the national assembly last month but have received no formal response.
Communist officials have accused the Vorella project organizers of being on the U.S. government pay rule something the activist deny.
Cuba to the Vorella also said that there are legal and technical problems with the referendum proposal giving it little hope for success which is the understatement of all time.
Castro emphasized that the petition campaign will be organized by organizations representing women university students workers and other groups that will not be a state activity insisted.
Anybody believe him?
No.
After citizens weigh in there will be a debate in the national assembly will have the final word he said all changes to cubers 1976 constitution must be passed by the national assembly the unicameral parliament that's loyal to Castro.
Castro who turned 76 in August has repeatedly insisted Cuba will remain socialist after he's gone and dead his designated successor is his brother defense minister while who turned 71 this month.
Sanchez won the most prominent opponents of Castro's government said he hopes project Vorella receives equal treatment when the national assembly considers it.
A government's ability to mobilize large numbers of people is not necessarily proof that those people supported he said.
Castro's announcement came today after he called out millions of people and they do tofully did of course to marching communities around the nation of 11 million and supported the proposal declaring that the system cannot be changed.
The government said 1.2 million people marked in Havana alone and the estimates that were sent on CN yesterday.
7 million people came out and marched because basically he made them an offer they couldn't refuse.
The marches were also meant to protest the speech Bush made last month in which he pledged not to ease US trade or travel restrictions until Cuba holds free competitive elections and embraces other democratic reforms.
Most Cubans first heard of the Vorella project in mid May when Jimmy Carter mentioned it and on censored televised address during a visit to the island.
Carter suggested that the reform plan be published in the state media but that didn't happen and all the changes Carter talked about that ain't going to happen either.
Carter said that the government was going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot
and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money and
they were going to have a lot of money and they were going to have a lot of money over with what they had. They were thinking about who would s in one somewhere and take these phone book and writing these away.
Because over the years, I mean Johnny Cash has had some great songs.
Marty Robbins, a white sport coach in the pink carnation. That was great.
Bob Lumen, let's think about Liven, which you still don't know about that song.
That was corny, but it was okay. 1056 at 560 WQA.
But we got a lot of crap here today. I'll get all of it.
Can I get all of my crap? See, that's why it's good that we put the thing together
day before the show. Get it up there on the website.
Everybody had a chance to peruse it and abuse it. And they had fun with it as opposed to, you know,
like wasting all the listeners time. Because they got upset about that. And then they start bellyic at all.
He spent too much time on this every day. This way, if we just stick it on there, you know, stick it.
Here's a place you ought to stick your nose in there, and then go in there and have a feast.
The Emerald Coast, the number one Chinese buffet in the universe. I was thinking about this earlier.
Because I'm getting hungry again. Why is it that I sit here during the show and think about lunch every day?
Why is that? Because it's lunchtime during the show? Well, because I'm an eaten fool, I guess.
But anyway, Emerald Coast is a place not only is it got like a ton of food, a sea of food, but all of it is good.
Now, if you can go into the phase and there's a whole bunch of stuff sitting around, and you look around and, you know,
then you put like a couple of peas on your plate, because there's nothing really looks great.
It looks great and it tastes great and there's no MSG and no crap in the food either at the Emerald Coast,
with three locations for you. Sunrise, North Mountain Beach, and now open in prestigious Pemberpines.
Start out with six different kinds of soups. You can taste a little bit of this one, a little bit of that,
or all of them, if you like. And dozens and dozens of mouthwatering on craze. Most of them, of course, are oriented with the lights,
but all kinds of other goodies, two salads. Emerald Coast has now got surf and turf on the weekends with the Laskin King crab and New York strip steak made order in the gourmet center,
a sizzling Asian grilled with teriyaki steak, shrimp, chicken seafood, hand-car prime rib, two-year-older, by the way.
The Emerald Coast buffets also got a full salad bar, sushi and fresh shrimp cocktail. Please leave room for the dessert bar if you possibly can,
because there's tons of good stuff there. Pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream, all your favorite toppings,
and even have like a low calorie ice cream as well. Low sugar-free and fresh fruit, too. Even watermelon. It's a perfect ending to an amazing meal.
Like I said, three locations for you'll find them in sunrise, pine island at 44th Street, the Rancolans Avenue, just north of 163rd, North Miami Beach,
and also you'll find them at the intersection of Flamingo and Pemberg Road in Pemberg Pines.
Emerald Coast, they've set reservations, take out and deliver available as well. If you want a feast of really delicious fresh, great stuff.
This is the place for you. For more information call Emerald Coast at 954-5723822-954-5723822. Don't forget, now surf until find a weekend.
Dodge.
Detail and Marsha. Overnight Sun. Support's Radio 560. Q-A-M.
It's Friday, you best days.
Mark Cones got 5 votes, let's hear it.
Alright.
Put on my 5-0-1's and I'm heading for the street.
Just check out the best of hustler and I'm starting to feel the heat.
Suddenly I see people checking out my buttons I see.
Yeah, I got a first class riser. It don't pitch the 10-my-g.
Now I'm smart in a woody. I'm finding it impossible to conceal. I'm smart in a woody.
I feel like an actual without a wheel.
The soul that goes to others. He was smart in 1-2. Followed him up to the gate to basement.
Just to see what he would do. The ghost that faced with beaver has a headed forest room.
There's a pretty little ghost just waiting for his post.
Diamond and Jumper Room. We're starting wood isn't man-fest.
It's feeling impossible to conceal. I'm smart in wood isn't man-fest.
I feel like an actual without a wheel. I'm smart in wood isn't man-fest.
It's almost impossible to conceal. It's what it good isn't man-fest.
I feel like an actual without a wheel.
I got to confess I actually like the appearance of the original song by a long shot.
Yeah, but nevertheless.
It's not doing all that crazy stuff. I've got five votes. I'm walking in Memphis.
Mark Cohen.
COHN. Don't get carried away. It's not with the E in there. Like Roy Cohen.
He didn't have any in there either. All while he was Jewish and obnoxious and a disgusting fact.
Probably one of her Roberts heroes Roy Cohen.
Just a joke, Robert. Don't get up tied.
By the way, speaking of her Robert, Igor Laryanov really pisses me off.
He played so great in the series. All of a sudden a guy that wouldn't even break out into a sweat with the Panthers.
And he goes back to Detroit where he's playing with all these great players.
And at the age of 41, all of a sudden he gets like a second U.
I can't stand guys like that.
He's an asshole down here too.
Yeah, real asshole didn't want to do this. Didn't want to do that. Didn't want to play the system.
Maybe we're real schmuck.
Igor Laryanov. I say send him to the side, Burya.
There was very emotional scene constant team out there holding up the cup last night who has made tremendous progress inside.
Who went as accident where he got paralyzed and a whole deal of a limo accident with the drunken driver.
He held up the cup last night. He could actually like almost stand up.
And he's like, you know, he's making it slow and painful.
But that was pretty emotional to see.
In fact, I usually am not all wrapped up in a post, you know, final game, ceremonies, all that crap.
But that was pretty enjoyable there last night.
It was okay and seeing Scottie Bowman flopping that on there.
He went in and put on his skates, as soon as the game ended and came out there and was skating around with the cup.
Scottie Bowman, nine Stanley Cups, he retires.
Anybody talking about that on our sports shows?
No. No.
Mad Dog will because he picked the red wings, which was really going out there on a limo.
Oh, that's right. He's not on today.
What a bad break.
The mad dog is not working today.
We picked the wings to win the cup.
Hundreds flocked to Gadi Wake.
John Gadi was given a send-off.
Be fitting a mob chief today.
As scores of mourners packed a mass-path funeral chapel to say goodbye.
Have you ever heard that before, mass-path?
No.
I have no idea where that is.
Somewhere in New York, of course, but I don't know where that is.
Gadi, the one-time boss of the Gambino organized crime family out of cancer money, as we all know by now,
in a federal prison hospital at the age of 61.
But visitor standing among dozens of John Reitz yesterday, where told he wasn't really dead.
Do not stand in my grave in weep.
I'm not there.
I do not sleep, said prayer cards given, to those attending a private wake at Papa Vera Funeral Home.
Do not stand in my grave in cry.
I'm not there.
I did not die.
But Gadi, wearing a solid blue suit in a matching tie, Ed and Wrenson's going to prison for life in 1992,
was laid out in a closed gold coffin flanked by a pair of candles flickering behind red glass.
Maybe he's like Elvis.
Maybe he's still alive.
Although I think he is like Elvis.
Born as filled rows of chairs as others filed through the chapel, on a table near the coffin,
stood a collection of family pictures, on a glass coffee table was a frame photograph of a tanned smiling Gadi.
He went out like a star and king like he was in real life, said Lewis Kasman, a family friend who refers to himself as Gadi's adopted son.
I'm telling you boy, they like the mobsters in New York.
Apparently.
Every article in every New York paper since this man, Cope, has been glowing and blowing and sucking and they like him.
And the ass-wake had a few people killed that he was a scumbag in some ways, but he never stole a freight train.
Just like the same way, Mairlansky was so well liked there when he was in Hellendale and on Miami Beach.
He used to walk his little dog.
He was very nice to the old ladies who was polite.
After the first viewing of Gadi brother Richard V. Gadi, 59, a reputed crime captain, a couple,
left the funeral home with a group of men in dark suits and strolled over here by a sports bar matchmakers for a drink.
They probably had a quick drink on their way to Louie's in the Bronx.
Probably had a hat like that when you were wearing the last week.
Up a door?
When approached by photographers, he said, you already got enough pictures of me.
Surprise, he didn't take the camera out of his hand like sunny and smashed it on the ground in some of the few twenties.
Gadi's widow and daughter both named Victoria did not leave the funeral home between afternoon and evening viewings.
Before the 7pm viewing, pizza was brought in for the family.
Did that ice?
A little stereotypical.
Why is that?
Pizza?
For mops?
I wonder if it was like the thin real Italian pizza or if it was like that thicker...
It was Sicilian.
Inside, renumerous tributes to Gadi.
You know, Sicilian's got no sauce. You do know that, don't you?
I do now.
There's a got no sauce or no cheese. Say I get confused.
I think it's got no cheese. It just got sauce and oregano.
No cheese.
Inside, renumerous tributes to Gadi.
To the chief red card on a wreath of red and white carnations.
Another more name of Gadi's old hangout in Ozone Park, the Bergen Hunt and Fish Club.
John, we love you red and other card. You will always stay in our hearts.
The wake is to continue today at the funeral home on Grand Avenue.
A small brick and stucco building just opposite the galling or triangle.
A memorial for Mass-Beth residents killed in World War I.
Very ill is scheduled for tomorrow morning.
Although the wake was open to the public, reporters were barred from the funeral home
and had to watch from behind police barricades.
The diocese of Brooklyn is ruled that Gadi cannot be given a Roman Catholic mass,
funeral mass, but may be interred at St. John's cemetery in Middle Village.
A memorial mass will be held after the burial.
Gadi is to be interred at the family mausoleum with the son Frank Gadi was killed by O. We know that.
Richard Reebok and attorney who's often represented Gadi family members and we sure like his shoes,
said Gadi's son John A. Gadi will not be attending the services because the son of serving a six-year federal prison sense for bribery and extortion and did not seek permission for a leave.
He's asking for no favors from the government at all Reebok said he will grieve in his own way.
Also missing in the proceedings are two other Gadi brothers,
Gene was serving a 50-year prison term for heroin dealing and Peter, who's being held without bail on federal racketeering charges.
Among those paying respects yesterday was Chuck Zito, the former House Angel who spent six years in prison before turning actor.
The star of the HBO prison show Oz was later joined by Gadi's longtime attorney Bruce Cutler.
Also attending the wake was Liz Roby 25, who moved to Manhattan last week from Nashville, where she was also a first grade teacher.
Since coming here she said she's attended an opera in Central Park, participated in the five kilometer walk along the Hudson River and toured the UN.
She decided to attend the wake because she likes random life experiences.
And of course that's one of the things that Gadi was famous for for like having random life experiences when some people is expected.
You know what I mean?
I mean sometimes it was their last random life experience, but nevertheless you never stole a freight train and we like mobsters on this show.
We like the mob.
And that story I had the other day about how they wanted to recruit new members.
We want to know how do we get in, especially me because at my age I'm not going to worry about being around long enough to run out.
So how do we get in?
I think you got to cut your pinky off.
I see.
Pinky, that's with a P.
Yeah.
How's that pool coming by the way?
It's just refreshed.
Iron Butterfly and it got a Dmitra 31.
That's pretty long to a net about five minutes.
It's an entire album side. It's like 15 minutes.
Oh, that's right. There's the one, the extended cut that goes out like a wrapper.
Seven hours.
Like if you have wild wicked diarrhea that's even better than MacArthur Park.
Frankie goes to Hollywood by, um, relax.
21.
The other way around.
I know.
Big country in a big country.
Now see that one.
I had a big country as the group and in the big countries the name of the song.
17 and the elite singer is still dead.
What was his name?
Uh, big Wilson.
Yes.
Hello, big.
Well, he was a good guy.
You know what?
What was that the New York State House and Marty Susman's also dead.
Well, there's a lot of dead people around.
You know what?
Marty Susman, New York State House.
How about you?
I knew him and big Wilson.
But that's right.
He worked with big Wilson and I.
Do you know the first time I was thinking about this yesterday, the first time I met Hank.
I was like, I was working at KAT.
This is really, I know I wasn't working at KAT yet.
I was doing like weekends on I.
D bill called or got me in an I.
D.
After I left Palm Beach.
And Larry King invited me to be on the show where we were talking about gambling and peer mutuals.
And Phil Saltsman was on that show.
It's the first time I ever met Phil and Hank was there and a guy named Sig Shai who was another degenerate gambler.
And that's the first time I met Hank.
That's in 1970.
Fiber six late 75, early 76.
What am I looking for in a big country pop group from Dunfirm, uh, would from.
Oh, I can't say it.
Dunfirmalene Scotland Stewart Adams and vocals in guitar Bruce Watson guitar Tony Butler bass.
And Mark Brzykky Brzyzski drum.
Dunstanything about them being dead here.
The guy that fact will be the thing.
Huh?
That's an old book, isn't it?
No, it's like from a year ago or so.
My way, it's her two.
It could be dead now.
It's that wasn't made yesterday.
So we could have died like in last week or two.
It doesn't say anything in my book about being dead.
And there's the names.
They're all Scottish anyway.
So they probably wore a bunch of kills and were silly guys.
But it's a very popular song.
Dunstanything about no dead guy in there.
See, I mean, we got a lot of great faxes on this.
But a lot of misinformation to...
Brother, a lot of wrong stuff.
12 minutes passed 11 at 560 WQM.
If you're thinking of painting your home or business.
Don't do it.
Don't paint.
Protect your investment with liquid ceramic.
Liquid ceramic.
The technology born in NASA's space program is available right now as I speak in South Florida.
Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available in the world.
Now you too can have the same high-tech outstanding ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle.
Protecting your home or building or both thing you'll never ever have to paint again.
It sounds too good to be true, but it is true.
Liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building.
So forget about repainting every few years.
Liquid ceramic won't fade.
It won't peel.
In fact, it's so good it's guaranteed.
This state of the art coating yields you an R24 insulation equivalency that helps bring those electric bills down too.
Liquid ceramic is available in over 1800 different colors.
So don't worry about matching the color you're building.
Check out Liquid ceramic today called 305-347-51522.
Liquid ceramic is for manufacturing so for over 40 years and the exciting news is that now it's available in South Florida.
Call 305-347-51522.
That's 305-347-5122.
Be sure to tell Neil Tordy to call or visit Monday a net if you like it.
Liquid's...
That is the Marlins T-Gun that tip of A-Table Ray.
That's the 960-463 on sport 305-60.
Happy porn!
Since the cameras left the Osborne's Beverly Hills estate, we're wondering what's Ozzy doing now?
Yeah, yeah, he's doing them.
I'm looking for a 75-1.
Welcome to Home Depot.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm telling you I know, tell me, I know something about Love We didn't put that on yet
the one referee. Do you remember who the other referee was last night? Robert? No, I do not.
But we ought to get their eyes checked because the Carolina goal, the only one they scored to break
Cashix's shout-out streak. All it did, I mean I know was very fast, but all it did was like
right in the middle of the back of the net and then come right out. And what that was Andy Van Haleman
looking at for like about five minutes while there were, I mean the CBC showed very clearly
that I'm sure ESPN had the same replays that it was like in and out. It was the old in and out.
Yeah.
I still go.
They spawn fancy clothes.
Nice in this on today. It's on today. It's on today. There you go. There's one today.
You can vote for a better crush day now.
Murmids, popsicles and icicles.
These are a few of the things he likes.
Now we're going to get a little starbe having six votes.
He votes me, fires and crown eyes and wins blow and feels his hands.
He's most handsome votes, huh?
He's our apart of our apart of our lost.
Thanks you.
Thank you for being like I said it has no votes. No votes. No votes.
In fact, look at all of them. It's Charlie Sexton beat so lonely.
Murmids, popsicles and icicles. Claude Inclerk.
I see the party lights. Has no votes.
Do we have like a bunch of commoners listening to this?
K Winding and more which used to be my theme song way way back in Batavia, New York.
Has got no votes. In fact, I think there was also my theme song in the W's news at one time.
Rain drops. The kind of boy you can't forget. I don't know that song. You know that song?
No. The kind of boy you can't forget.
Chesney Hawks, the one and only and Bob Kuban and the in-man, the cheater has got no votes.
Boy. Boy. It's it's it's uh I don't know what the word is I'm looking for.
It's disheartening. It's disheartening when you realize that you've got such great taste
and so many other people out there that taste is in their tush.
And I know we got a lot of the punks out there. Well, a lot of this stuff you're so old and well that's the way it goes.
Great music. We're talking a period of over 50 years, man.
If you're going to be like a real music thing, you got to know all kinds of music going back
like to the early 50s. Am I right about that or what?
Uh, I don't know anyway. What? I'm just kidding. Of course you do.
You're not going to be like music. 1850s.
You're not going to 50s music, come Mr. It was weak.
You're not going to fat stomino. Oh, I love that stomino. There's a lot of stuff in there.
And you're not going to like call Perkins and all that good stuff.
And you're not going to like all the do-op shop.
No, you're right. If you don't watch it, I'm going to whip out that do-op album line just to piss off that PDO at Errmagic.
What's that guy's name Bob Hamilton or something like that?
Boy, he pisses me off, man. That could be a good station, but it's not.
Even Ricky Ticking knows that, but we don't want to get in trouble.
Speaking of music, couple Suze MTV over Croops prank.
MTV's been slapped with a $10 million lawsuit from a couple who said they were surprised by a fake corpse in their hotel room
as part of a hidden camera prank for reality TV show.
James and Laurie Ann Ryan of Washington, DC also named the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas in the suit.
But there's a lot of beautiful people hanging out there. That's what Joe Castello says.
I don't think I've ever been in the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas.
Not me.
It's on the corner of Harmon Avenue and Paradise, whatever that is. I think.
Go buy it once.
Yeah. I've driven by many times. In fact, I stay close by there many times in some of those sweet places there on the Harmon Avenue.
Some of those places are great.
See, the advantages stay. I don't want to get sidetracked with Vegas here, but the advantages stay in the nose kind of places is that first of all, you take your rent a car on your park right outside your door.
As opposed to like walking through 80 miles in a parking garage to figure out where you stayed.
See what I'm saying? Very convenient.
And you don't have all the 80 million people on the other hand, the only problem is if you want to, if you like feel like in a mood to like punch your brains out, it can't just like go downstairs and gamble your gut side.
The suit originally filed in Los Angeles in April, but getting public attention this week after was moved to federal court said the couple became unwitting participants in a practical joke filmed for a series on a development of TV MTV called harassment while they were on vacation in January.
So I guess asshole or whatever that show is. That wasn't good enough. Jackass asshole. Now they got harassment coming up. We need to victimize people for entertainment.
Upon entering the hotel room, the Ryan's discovered what appeared to be a dead human body covered and surrounded by blood evidently the victim of a homicide.
As hidden cameras recorded, there's shocked the suit says as the is this incredible or what?
There are posties. Come on.
As the couple tried to flee, two actors posing as security cards blocked their way in a third individual in the guise of a paramedic entered the room.
This is sick. This is really sick.
The show's host and co-producer, Ashden Kutcher, who's described the series in interviews as a guerrilla style can't do camera, finally emerged to reveal the prank.
The Ryan's were not amused. They're seeking $10 million in compensatory damages against MTV, the hard rock hotel and Kutcher, who's also named in the suits of the attorney Daniel Rosanski.
Both the cable network, which is owned by a via-com ink and the privately owned hotel, declined to comment on the case for obvious reasons.
An MTV spokeswoman said the incident in question was filmed as part of a pilot episode for harassment, which is not aired yet.
She said the future status of the program is uncertain. I can't imagine why.
Harassment is not the first reality, Showed a land MTV illegal trouble.
Two teenage girls sued the network in April 2001 after they were sprayed with human excrement by performers builders, the shower rangers, during a taking of a program called Dude the Sucks.
MTV, uh!
MTV apologizes for the incident and promise never to wear footage of the incident.
That suit remains in litigation to girls high profile LA attorney Gloria Allred told Reuters.
Remember Gloria Allred?
Yeah.
Other media horrors on air in two minutes, along with that Mark Gallagos for the mustache, which thank goodness I don't see him anymore.
Thank God.
K-Pim off my TV.
Speaking of MTV, New York Post reports after 11 seasons road rules is often running.
When it premiered in 1995, it was a spin off of MTV's other wildly successful reality series, The Real World.
The audience often lumped road rules as the real world on wheels.
I've never been able to tell them apart to be honest with it.
Road rules.
Because I think like most people, if I ever come across those shows, I'm just looking to see if there's anybody who looks good on air and if not move on to something else.
Well, there was the first-
It was the first-
There was the first reality show with challenges long before bug eating on survivor or fear factors as its co-creator John Murray probably.
The location of the show has changed every year, but the angst is still the same.
This season we have Eric the All-American boy, Dill the boxer with the temper, Sarah the independent wild child, Rachel the heartbreaker, Kendall the sad angel and Shane, the show's first openly gay man.
It's a distinction that Shane's parents aren't exactly thrilled over, while Shane is cool with the revelation they made on national TV, his parents are not.
It's not that they don't accept him, they're afraid he says that homophobic viewers may try to hurt him.
Still Shane says he didn't sign up to make any social statements for him, it was all about the journey.
I don't think reality TV equals stardom, so the 21-year-old who attends the University of North Carolina wants to prepare a TV production.
In fact, he's working as a waiter.
How unusual!
A gay waiter?
What a novelty.
He's working as a waiter and doing North Carolina the summer to make insmeats, so to speak.
He has no grand dreams that road rules be anything more than a nice diversion from his regular life.
I watched every season of real world, every season of road rules, he says those shows practically raised me.
I know all the participants' names and what they did and who they did, he says that's the joy of reality TV.
Oh yeah, reality TV.
Huh?
But you love that term, reality TV?
I love it.
It's a joke.
26 after 11 at 5, 6, oh by the way, what's his name?
Time greens upset because Drew bear more screw in somebody else.
That marriage, what that marriage lasted about five minutes or something like that?
Like that.
I think that him having both his nuts caught off, I think that might have done it.
I don't think anybody actually believed that.
No.
No, I didn't believe it.
It was even worse than the Agile marriages.
26 past 11 at 5, 60, WQM, hey, let me tell you about an amazing place, the little caboose.
If you're new to South Florida, you probably never encountered this place yet, but when you do boy, you're in for a real amazing surprise.
Because Crazy John is still dripping gallons of sweat out of the grill as he pumps out those great little burgers.
Just like the white castle burgers used to enjoy up north.
They stay with you for like days on time or once in a while, if you're lucky, they move right on out.
The little caboose burgers have those great grilled onions, pickled ketchup and mustard cheese if you like.
And they serve them on those gorgeous steaming little buns.
And believe me, there are a few things in the world as great as steaming little buns.
The little caboose, you know who likes steaming little buns?
Father, oh, too.
That's what I'm hearing.
The little caboose also serves those thick, conical island cut fries and subred hot dogs with all kinds of goodies on them.
Great chicken fingers, wings and chicken sandwiches too.
And a tasty fried fish sandwich is always a good diversion and perversion.
The little caboose you can eat in, drive through or die under the stars on the patio.
Why do you there watch the helps there at the train going around and around overhead?
Or maybe just up at the sky looking for help?
The little caboose lunch in dinner seven days a week fighting Saturday, open late till 10.
And you'll find him on Powerline, Roger, South of the Hillsboro Boulevard.
Tell that PD Lenny sent you by for a real culinary delight.
I don't care what mommy says about the meat, guys.
Now, nice, the gift that keeps on fucking.
You way, M.
It's Friday, you bastards.
Coming up tonight, on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Biography Profile Story,
we take a good, hard stiff look at the start of them.
They burst onto the music scene with a song so catchy, it virtually guaranteed their failure.
They were the knack.
We caught up with knackly vocalist Doug Figuer, whose life now consists of explaining who he was to board strings.
So, I understand you're a musician.
Yeah, I was in a band called The Knack.
Oh, I am not heard of you.
Well, I'm sure you've heard this song before.
Finding the actual band completely uninteresting.
Inside the behind began the elusive search for the subject of the song.
Who was?
Sharona.
Hey, you break it, you want it!
The object of the next lust, Sharona, is now 43, and the assistant manager at the Discovery Channel Store in the Liberty Dream Mall in Danders, Massachusetts.
Freak knack!
That asshole, Doug, had his way with me.
And do I see a penny in royalties?
I only hope that cake has been in the rest of his life, explaining who he was to board people at parties.
Now, but it would be sweet revenge!
BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM!
There you go, Sharona.
It's the least we could do.
It's a big juicy, saffoned wet look at your business tonight.
An inside the behind.
Now, let me ask you a stupid question.
How come we didn't put that one on it?
It was number one for six weeks.
They might have had two.
Three.
Okay.
Good girls don't cry.
It was number, it reads number 11, and Baby Talk's Dirty, number 38, I never heard that.
I never heard that.
Baby Talk's Dirty.
I bet you don't say ass though, like they do on CNN every two minutes.
That was the big story of the day, that country western guy, who's all pissed off and fired up about 9-11 and did that song and was supposed to be on the July 4th celebration on ABC.
And Peter Jennings says, oh no, you can't say, what do you say, kick kick boot, stick it up your ass or something like that.
That's what he said.
Yeah, something like that.
And Peter Jennings said, oh no, we can't do that on ABC.
And so they kicked his ass out and he's pissed off and fired up about it.
And CNN is using the occasions and excuse just to say ass all the time over and over again.
Pathetic.
So we can't, it's not a bad song.
I saw that on CD that almost brought the other day, but there was nothing else good on it.
And I would certainly not buy a CD just because my sure owner was on it.
I don't think so.
I got the hippie every shade.
Yeah, I got the shade.
I was swinging blue jeans, hippie hippie shake, that's nothing.
Fantastic.
I thought it was moved to New York from California.
Great wins.
New York's a lonely town.
And of course he keeps singing like that.
It'll be a lot lonelier, not too good.
I think our butterflies guarantee, don't you think it's a lot?
It's my personal opinion.
It could be wrong.
I don't think so.
Love it 34, 26 to noon at 560 WQM.
It looked like something from a sci-fi flick, a mysterious silver orb,
three feet in diameter floating in the surf off the South Carolina coast.
This from ABC News, where Peter Jennings continues to be an asshole,
a pretty goody two shoes holier than the asshole.
They thought it was a giant beach ball they were going to bring in,
said Marie Signeary, whose family found the orb,
floating their redded beach house at the Isle of Palms.
They swam out and said it was very heavy ball.
It was metal had numbers on it, and there was no way they were bringing it in.
Had numbers on it.
Maybe we know it wasn't water, or I don't know.
Rover wasn't made out of metal anyway.
I saw the prisoner again.
That's on one of these 80 million channels I got.
Prisoners on there all the time.
The one where he went off into boat, he thought that they were escaping.
Yeah.
And then come to fight out that the people from the inside run about with him and turned on him,
and then the unleashed Rover Adam and Rover like I said in my back.
Anyway, this ball eventually washed up on the shore, causing a lot of residents to call the police.
A thirties marked off an area around the orb with crime scene tape and tried to identify it.
They turned to members of the Air Force bomb squad, the Coast Guard,
and state officials for help.
And nobody could identify the strange object.
There were numbers on the surface of the orb, but no other clues that helped determine its origin.
NASA and the National Oceanic and Amnestyric Administration were contacted.
Even they had no answers.
Because of its weight, several hundred pounds.
See, they describe it as a ball.
I mean, they're no ball.
It's like seven hundred pounds.
Because of its weight, their speculation might be a flotation device used by a dredge company.
But the theory only adds to the mystery.
The orb's got no fasteners on it where a liner cable might have been attached.
We're calling it a UFO and unidentified floating object, Alapam's Fire Chief, and Graham, to the AP.
According to the Associated Press, the orb cracked and half as it was being brought to the Townspanic Worcester Department.
But the inside was as revealing as the outside, only seawater is spilled out.
In other words, all the little green men got out of there, I guess, alive.
Right.
You'd always wondered where those people in South Carolina came from?
There was nothing green, nothing glowing, Graham, to the news agency.
We'll probably just go to the scrap yard.
Well, he's just a big ol' ball with a number on it.
I guess, speaking of that, for the first time, astronomers have found a distant planetary system with at least one planet
whose orbit resembles a member of our solar system.
You see, the only reason that we're not talking more about life, because it's all matter of time in space and this whole other, you know, that's what it's all about.
Right.
Because there was no question that there's been life on a lot of the planets, no question.
Maybe some like man, some more advanced, some more primitive, whatever, because, but of course we're talking maybe millions or billions of years apart.
That's all.
Not complicated.
Jeffrey Marcy of the University of California, Berkeley, in Paul Butler of the Carnegie Institute of Washington, said yesterday,
they have found a planet about five times the size of Jupiter, and Jupiter's pretty good, then big.
Circling a sunlight star at an orbital distance very like that of the solar system's biggest planet.
The newly discovered planet is one of three planets circling a star called 55 Cancri that's about 51 light years away from Earth.
Oh, we should be there by one o'clock.
Oh, this is the first time we find a family of planets that has some similarities to our own solar system.
Marcy said the FD news conference, the new planet circles 55 Cancri at a distance of 5.5 astronomical units, close to the 5.2 AU orbit of Jupiter, and AU is the distance between the Earth and the Sun about 93 million miles.
The two other planets around 55 Cancri are also Jupiter or Saturn sized bodies, but they orbit much closer to the apparent star, kind of like Josh Friedman, like Saturn sized body.
One is in an orbit of about nine million miles, the other is about 23 million miles.
Marcy and Butler also announced they've found 13 other planets orbiting distant stars, bringing to 91 the total number known of extra solar planets.
How little we know, and of course this all flies in the face of all the religion is two, because it flushes all of that crap right down the toilet.
Don't forget what it says there, he made the stars also.
Yeah, come on, can afterthought.
Well, it was pretty barren up there, which certainly shows me that the people who wrote that crap, and of course it's supposed to be direct from God, they really had some great wisdom and great insight.
Just a decade ago, the concept of other stars having planets was in the realm of science fiction noted and kidney director of NASA's astronomy division.
The Marcy Butler team has found most of the 91 extra solar planets. The group uses a technique that measures the very slight wobble of a central star, and then uses the magnitude of this motion to determine the presence of orbiting planets, the size and shape of their orbits and their mass.
The technique works only for larger planets and can't detect those much smaller than those about half the mass of Saturn.
Marcy and Butler said they had a hint years ago that 55 can't create a large planet in a Jupiter-like orbit, but to confirm the conclusion required measurements for at least one complete orbit of the planet.
The new planet takes about 13 years to circle its star, close to the 11.86 years it takes Jupiter to orbit the Sun.
All other extra solar planets discovered up to now orbit closer to the parent star, and most of them have a long-eated or eccentric orbits, said Marcy.
This new planet orbits as far from its stars as our own Jupiter orbits the Sun.
There you go. Lots of planets, lots of solar systems, lots of life, and they aren't like little green men from Mars. All of them could be, how do we know?
Maybe they're like not green, maybe they're like, I don't know. Maybe they're schwarzers. How do we know what they are?
We're stupid, that's the problem, we don't know much, but we like making up a lot of good stuff because it makes for good science fiction writing.
I have the Ray Bradbury Theatre on one of my channels, I know I think it's on that screen TV.
Yeah, I think it's on that show.
Oh, I don't like it either. I just mentioned that in passing.
Funny till noon at 5.60 WQM, Father's Day, this Sunday, Happy Father's Day, and all the dads out there.
Make Dad feel special by getting in my comfortable new pair of athletic shoes from our good friends at New Balance Stores, which I have sitting on the floor in the other room right now, just waiting to put them on and hop out the door to lunch.
You'll find the New Balance locations in Pinecrest, Avenue and Book of Retorn where they got fantastic, unbeatable prices for the whole family on the world's best athletic shoes.
And this weekend, Father's Day weekend, here's your last chance. Right now, through Sunday, by any New Balance shoe and get you a free cushion support insular $30 value on our Father's Day.
And of course, there's New Balance shoes that I've got, if you're going to be doing any kind of walking around, you've got to have shoes that give your feet some support because your feet are one of the most important, I'd say, the second most important part of your body, right after your brain.
And of course, at New Balance, they still measure it the old fashioned way, the lengthen wood to make sure they get you a perfect fit each and every time.
New Balance stores, three great locations for either in Pinecrest, they're on the second floor of the Evans Room, all in also in the Book of Town Center, or check them out of that website if you prefer at NewBalanceMime.com.
Tell many of our judges to invite a New Balance to Norfolk at True Father's Day this Sunday. You get a free cushion support insular with any purchase you buy, but the offer is spars like I said.
Oh my God, your breasts are beautiful.
It's the new book that's shocking the country. After 20 years, Shaggy of Scooby Doo's fakes out, disclosing the behind the scenes antics that could bring down the whole cartoon industry.
Oh my God, tell you, like we weren't just solving mysteries in that mystery van right Scoob? Like we used to have a bumper sticker on the back that said when his fans are rocking, don't come on up.
Like I got to tell you, Velma and Daphne, Lesbian City, Carpet Munchers, Belly Rubin, I know what's hard to believe, Scrappy Doo. Like the only reason he got his job, he was pimping for Daphne.
Like how about Fred? Like how many guys do you know that were a yellow scar?
Hey, hey, like that, try. Scooby and I used to sit in the front of the mystery van and like do ball heads and watch Velma and Daphne get it on.
What do you think? We ain't so much. It's the new book, Screw B, Dooby Doo. Like we would have got away with it had it not been for those damn kids.
On bookshelves across the country everywhere. See, I got this flash here and I know which Scooby Doo video was talking about. The Scooby Doo techno mix that I played before it's much longer than that.
Yeah. I'm not going to play that again. So I played that one. It says Neil, please let us know if it's possible to play that Scooby Doo car before he sent off today.
Our daughter would love to hear it. I think Bart's daughter was like what 35. So I hope she enjoyed it.
PS Monster Mash, Bobby Boyce Pickett. Didn't we already have that on there? I don't think we put that on yet.
We're not putting that on me anyway. I mean, does that deserve to be on any list? No. I mean, I really recognize the one thing purple people eat her.
That was number one for a long time. But Monster Mash, Bobby Boyce Pickett, although we've already been on there, I think.
Today's one hit wonder. Paul, this is our fourth in a series until we find a guide them top 20 or whatever it's going to be of all time.
Iron Butterfly and a God of Davidia. 38 votes. Frankie goes to Hollywood, relax. 23. Big country in a big country. 21.
Many Mardones into the night. 16. Twisted sister. We're not going to take it. 16. Van McCoy do the hustle 13.
Kicks. Don't close your eyes. 12. Billy Ray Thyrath, achy breaking heart. 12. And the only other one in double figures.
Sir Mixelot and baby. I got back. I want to keep saying baby get back. Not the same song. Sorry.
It's a generational thing with an old fart like me. 1147 at 560 WQA and families and surviving victims of the 1998 American Embassy bombings in Nairobi and Kenya should get first crack into frozen assets of those believed who have carried out or financed the crime.
They continue lawsuit filed this week. Some 102 people 66 of them surviving victims sued. Osama Yomama been lawden his lieutenants several Islamic organizations and the governments of Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan and Sudan for $100 million in damages.
The U.S. and its allies for the assets of many of the defendants after the 9-loving attacks in the U.S. and Washington. Now that we know where the terrorist funds are located, we feel that it's only fear that the people killed or injured by the attacks have first cracked at the frozen terrorists funds said Bill Wheeler, one of the lawyers for those who filed a suit.
He and other lawyers since said the 9-loving attacks have somewhat overshadowed the August 7, 1998 Embassy bombings which took place ten minutes apart and killed 231 people including 12 Americans.
This suit is about trying to rebuild the lives affected by the first wave of attacks on American soil said another lawyer, John Eves Jr.
In relation to Joe March Jr. The government had had it some military response but we want a jury of the people to get the message out that we will not tolerate terrorism he has added.
The suit filed in the U.S. and its court in Washington ledges that have been lawden directed the attacks which were financed by a host of Islamic organizations for governments among the 164 other defendants.
Let's read them all. Now just the most important ones. Muhammad Ataf, a senior bin Laden who has been killed in the U.S. in November.
In and also Al Zawari who is another senior bin Laden. But by the way we still haven't found. His family was killed in the bombings but we still have no idea where he is.
Moabullah Omar, the founder of the Taliban in Afghanistan, who is aware about again or unknown, who slipped through our fingers numerous times over there and a bunch of other rags going.
Speaking of all that, more depressing news. I have to do this to go into the weekend but lack security. Let's terrorists travel.
Authorities who rated this weedy jumble in Slovakia refugee dormitories are haunted by what they didn't find. 30 shadowy men. They fear may have been terrorists posing as asylum seekers. This is the Adam of refugee camp in Slovakia.
The suspects vanished among the cornfields and oak forest that stretched to the Austrian border a few miles away. Now officials are trying to determine if terrorists are masturbating as refugees to get to the west.
We had information that members of Al-Qaeda and the Taliban were trying to infiltrate these refugee groups said Yaroslav's Speciac, no relation to Yaroslav, Spachek. One of Slovakia's top police commanders told the AP.
I think on an interpol report by a relayed Bible giri where they 30 entered Europe, Slovakia anti-Tiris commandos raided Adam of March 12th.
By the time the special forces burst into the camp five days after the group survival, the suspects were gone. Germany's equivalent of the FBI, the federal criminal office, said it was checking into whether some of them might have slipped into Germany.
Security is laxed refugee processing centers like Adam of because the Geneva Convention forbids governments from treating asylum seekers like criminals as a result of this little to detour terrorists, no guards with machine guns, no surveillance cameras, no high walls, no razor wire.
You dispassionate the Poles would elaborate on why they thought they could be terrorists, officials said they had conflicting accounts whether the men were Afghans or Arabs, but they were traveling in a group that had paid about $2,000 each to gain transit from Bulgaria to Slovakia more than twice the going rate.
Interpol would not confirm a report in the Frankfurt Al-Gamain Zaitun newspaper, citing European intelligence that the men allegedly intended to run departments and high-rise buildings in Germany and elsewhere in place bombs inside.
The Slovak's later captured one suspect.
At least for lack of evidence it was taken to another refugee camp within days he disappeared again just as most Afghan refugees been out reaching Western Europe eventually do.
Since the collapse of communism hundreds of thousands of people have used Eastern Europe as a transit route including Islamic men who came mostly from the Middle East to fight on the Muslim side and the Bosnian War.
Governments have been unwilling to tighten security of refugee camps for fear of violating the human rights of genuine asylum seekers desperately fleeing persecution.
It goes to the show where we're really taking as crisis seriously all over the world, are we?
I'm not.
Last year more than 8100 people, most of them Afghans applied for asylum in Slovakia alone. Most came via Ukraine, Bulgaria and Hungary.
We can't turn refugee camps into prison, so Bernard Priscilla, director of Slovakia's migration office. That would be the war sort of human rights abuse.
We can't assume that everyone fleeing Afghanistan is a member of Al-Qaeda or the Taliban.
Although allowing themselves to be photographed and figure printed as asylum seekers would be risky, it also could buy terrorists time and an era of legitimacy that might get local authorities to lower their guard.
If it's possible to detain an Al-Qaeda member at Chicago's airport, it's possible here said Vladimir Belokayban, another migration official. That's why we need to start paying attention.
In Bulgaria, official screen asylum applicants for possible terrorists, although not have been spotted so far, we can never be 100% sure there are no terrorists among immigrants said Danielle of Velvita of the government refugee agency.
That's not her name, but I like that.
Probably kind of Tom Velvita.
Remember those glorious days in Tampa, boys and girls? Oh, I'm WSU N Tom Velvita and poor little Kurt.
Oh, and Susie Short Scourts.
Those were ugly days, man. Those were nasty, ugly days.
And that's not even including our good close personal friend, Blabo, who stabbed us, stabbed us viciously in a back airy chance he could.
Yeah, here's a man that I help get out of the cornfields of Iowa. Help them get back into business and I'd make believe stations over there.
I heard that radio, that phone call on the air.
On the air?
On the couch. You called them during the show or we call or something.
No.
And he was unemployed. That was before it all happened.
I called him on the air, or he called us, but he was in Davenport, Iowa unemployed.
Huh. Well, no, I, because I need an additional call from home to him because yeah, that's what I didn't want to dev out some information.
Yeah, of course I didn't have like a hell of a lot of time to set that thing up because as you recall, boy, Gary calls me on a Friday.
It says, oh Monday morning, we're going to be simulcasting your show on WSU N Tom Velvita.
They didn't want to tell me too far ahead of time because you know me with the big mouth. I might have blurred it out, which was the song of the dance that I would do all the time, which was a pile of crap.
That was a rick wily thing. I always got blamed for whatever rick wily did.
We also blurred it out that they were going to be doing the morning show and check my was getting kin and I got blamed for that.
Not that I mind, you know, I'm, you know, it's okay. Somebody's got to take the blame for Rick.
But that blah, blah, blah. Last Adam, I want to get certain all that crap. Okay. Nobody cares about Tampa. Nobody cares about Orlando. Nobody cares about those places.
They're Yahoo places. They're mug one places.
Dr. Dr. Drog may have made read, forget his rights, speaking of these terrorist scumbags.
They've always gone, excuse every scumbags have gone, excuse drugs used to sedate Richard Reed after he allegedly tried to explode a shoe bomb on an international fly.
The allegedly may have limited his ability to remember a warning that he didn't have to talk to interrogators.
A doctor testified this week in federal court. Mark Dershwitz testified for the defense and Reed was injected with diazepam, a generic form of volume as he struggled with passengers and crew members.
Dershwitz said the drug would have limited Reed's ability to remember details of the Miranda warning that police officials read to him.
After the warning, Reed allegedly made a confession to federal state agents at Logan International Airport in December 22, 2001.
Police have required a one suspects of interdermine attorney and have the right to remain silent. After the passage of time his ability to remember the reading of his Miranda rights would have been gone, said Dershwitz and anesthesiologist at the University of Massachusetts.
The testimony came in a hearing on a request by Reed's public defenders. They want a suppress statements he gave to investigators in the hours after he was taken off American Airlines Flight 63.
The Paris 2 Miami flight. The flight as we know made an emergency landing in Boston after he allegedly tried to lie. Why did they keep saying allegedly, God damn it?
After he tried to lie to fuse connected to his sneakers, federal authorities say the sneakers contain explosives that could have destroyed the jet.
Among the passengers on the flight were doctors who used drugs for my medical kit to subdue Reed. Dershwitz said the drugs included diazopam and an anti-histamine similar to Benadryl.
Oh boy! He said that diazopam and anti-histamine would have made Reed sleepy and caused him to slur his words, but he also said the drugs would not affect Reed's ability to make sound decisions.
FBI agent Brad Davis also testified at the hearing. He said authorities regular interview Reed because they were concerned he might have had accomplices aboard the jet.
Oh man! Just enough to make you want to gag, isn't it?
It keeps bringing to my mind that the whole get most story about the way that we're...
They're probably getting like shacked up beyond on their fate meat. I'm not so sure if the Muslims eat meat, but I think in that case they're probably making a new section.
And they probably want like what's a good steak sauce that we love? Peter Luger's.
Yeah. Oh yeah, we're not going to eat that without some Peter Luger's steak sauce, God damn it.
A lot damn it.
Let me pick these six formatted still moon at 560 WQM. Don't forget we got the where's that promo?
I kind of restuck it in the back and it got lost back there. Join a big dog Joe Rose.
One to three today. He's filling for Mandoggan who's got a really cushy deal.
Join Joe for a live broadcast at Hooters and Pemberpines. One to three Marlins outsideer... outsideer and outfielder Cliff Floyd.
The rumors have been he's going to be Marlins outsideer. He'll be on hand signing autographs along with a QM prize patrol.
Plus you can meet the beast, the new slim beast who's still a cow and Billy the Marlin will be on hand with the All-Star Ballots.
You can vote for Mike Lowell to be a start in this year's All-Star Game. All happening one to three Hooters with Joe Rose.
Speaking of exciting places, Poppato Park. You better get out there tonight, Pungyar Brains out, live harness racing at its best three nights a week Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
First post time 730 Tony Curle would won't be there because he's here, but boy he's good.
Free general parking, free clubhouse and grandstand admission every afternoon evening.
Poppato Park offers the only nighttime horse racing action in the entire state. And of course he can punch your brains out at Poppato any day of the week, seven days with Simon Casting.
Tomorrow, Saturday, June 15, bring that out to celebrate Father's Day eve at Poppato Park.
Free gifts for all dads and a free NP coupon to win some great prizes, including a two-night stay in Round Trip Airfare to Crystal Palace Casino and Bahamas.
Tickets to Marlin Game, Movie Co-Theaders, they see escaped dinner crews, Broward County Fair and lots more.
Plus there'll be the annual Father's Sun Mini Horse Race. Free Mini Horse rides for all the kids.
You can meet the two newborn mini horses full. This week, plus enter the name the Mini Fool contest all starting this Saturday at 7 p.m.
How about mini me? Sounds good. Don't they like that? As what? For a mini horse. Okay. Name the mini more full. Anyway, every Wednesday is down on the Poppato Park.
You'd wrap your hot dog sodas, large press or popcorn for only a bucket piece on Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Poppato Park is a special all you can eat for a fan of four-four players. Lounge soup salad tons of veggies, mayonnaise, cheese, bread, and grape desserts all for one low price.
And every Friday and Saturday include tonight, carving station with turkey ham, premmered pork or flank steak on that fabulous buffet. All waiting for you at Poppato Park on our online road to Blackside at Atlantic Boulevard. Horse P-
We're getting ready. We're getting morning 269 on sports radio 560. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
This is Howard David. When I take my Fel Dean, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. Not George, because he's stupid.
In stores now, the job of the hot's home library such and kids for the skin you love to touch.
Oh, back of you! Yeah!
Oh my God! They're hot! They're hot!
You might have had someone. It's funny when friends get hurt.
Look, light years younger in a matter of minutes.
Yeah, man, that means great.
And right with the job of the hot's home library such and kids and coming soon they're your home prology kids.
Yeah! They're starting my home!
Ow! Ow! They get him an anal probe!
12-1-560 WQM, don't let the Dwight Lauderdale hear about that. But he's become very anal since we did that piece, you know.
How long ago was that about a year? About? About a year ago we did that piece in about eating ass.
And since Dwight Lauderdale put that on the ear and had that crazy look on his post, it's enough to make you want to grow that mustache bag.
Don't blame our good friend Gail not so bright for that though, because you don't want to be mentioned in the ear.
Iron Butterfly and a God of Deveet is pulling away from the pack, baby!
Ow! Yeah! No contest today.
Oh, it is speaking of Kenoka. That's perfect timing.
I slipped into a bucket of crap again. Speaking of no contest?
In 62 years of boy state, the annual American Legion sponsored convention on civics and patriots and various scholars,
Bill McBride is the first former governor of the boys to run for real governor of Florida.
Speaking of no contest, has he got any chance? Oh!
Janet, we know she got a chance. No. No.
I'm telling you, man, the Democratic Party, you don't have to worry, Robert.
Just stay calm. We couldn't win a fixed election unlike you guys. I'm extremely calm.
Guy, I'm sure you are. Well, especially getting out of there in a couple of months.
Robert's leaving QAM to which we say, congratulations, our heart-falking, congratulations, moving out of our real life.
Getting out of that psychotic place.
Returning 40 years after his teenage election, McBride offered some political lessons yesterday for this year's class at Boy's State.
The biggest one is clean play, McBride told the group an auditorium at FSU.
Clean play. Well, that's a good place to be talking about clean play as FSU,
where they never met against it they didn't like.
There is too much partisanship and too much infighting, too much people going at each other said, McBride,
who was elected governor by his boy state class of 1962. Is that the same boys as the one that Timothy?
Yeah, I think so. Too often, that's what happens in politics.
Everybody's looking at the faults in somebody else, he said. In his race against formerly West Attorney General Jenner Reno for the Democratic nomination for governor,
McBride pledged to avoid negative campaigning. In other words, he's not going to talk about her falling down all the time and being a little shaky.
And he's not going to show pictures of that little kid in the closet.
Should he get a chance to run against Republican governor, Jeff Bocey suggested later, he'll campaign against the governor's plans, not the person.
He won't be talking about the governor's daughter and all those prescriptions and his two sons who are like both the crazy than a bed bug.
Boce, too, had a chance to address Boise State during its week in the capital aid. Boistress convention, which leaders had to admonish Boise attempting to elite the orchestra, pit in the FSU auditorium.
McBride's class also produced another politician, US representative Alan Boyd of Monticello.
I didn't know we had a Monticello in Thoreau, did you know that?
Nope. Where the hell is it? Virginia.
I thought it was in New York, right by the racetrack. Since its inception in the 1940 Boise State governors have run for a speaker of the state house, Senate President and Congress.
How about Marvin Maker at Monticello?
But McBride, a Tampa area lawyer, is the first board governor to go for the real thing.
My opponent 40 years ago was an eloquent speaker, McBride, recalled adding a dash of humility.
Apparently, a lot of people voted for me because they wanted to make it a close race. He hasn't got a China-man's chance.
He's not going to get the nomination and she ain't going to be Jeff Bocey. No chance.
Not a little chance. Not slim. Not next to none. No chance.
Okay? Very sad. Oh, and speaking of that, here's a good follow-up to that.
Al Gore plans strategy retreat. Al Gore plans to compare notes with top democratic fundraisers and members of his old campaign team at a strategy retreat later this month as he weighs another runner for the presidency.
Oh, yeah. And you know, the other one they keep talking about.
Jew Lieberman. The guy that gave a personality retreat. Yeah.
The guy, no, he needs a personality transplant is what he needs.
Both of them. In fact, maybe they didn't get a package deal.
There's the guy that helped make sure put the nails in a coffin, make sure that he lost every one of the southern states, all among one states.
That good Jew Lieberman, not just a Jew, but one of those of Bible thumping Orthodox Jews.
All he needs is the talus and the amapidela, complete the ed to the seal the deal as they say.
And then of course there's always Ralph Nader, but he's busy with the NBA.
The 2000 Democratic presidential nominee is summoning them in a way Memphis Tennessee session at the end of this month.
The three day retreat, which is set for June 28th of 30th at the Peabody Hotel, will include a private dinner Friday with most of the restaurant reserved for the former vice president and the donors. That's today.
The veteran Democratic fundraiser Mitchell Berger, a four-lettered, said he's supposed to see many of the top Democratic moneyraisers at the meeting in Memphis.
Maybe you'll see some what he's in Memphis, you think? Woody Graber?
Ah, chronic Woody on the phone. I mean, he can't call us anymore. He might as well do something. Memphis be a good place for Woody. They'd linch his ass there. I'd love to see it.
Not Woody Graber, the other Woody. Memphis has got to be an opportunity for many old and some new friends to get together.
They've been in the financial backing for many national Democratic campaigns in the past, Berger said. They stood side by side before, or as we say, up here, side by each.
This is an opportunity for them to get together and be with Alan Tipper and discuss the state of Democratic politics currently in the future.
I'll tell you the state of Democratic politics. He just smelled it. Not too good. Berger said it's clear that Gore's interest in running for president again noting a strong performance in 2000. He got more popular to vote than anybody since Ronald Reagan, he said.
The gathering was expected to include former staffers in all assages, Peter Knight, who worked with Gore at the financial firm of Metropolitan West, Elaine Carmack, who teaches at Harvard University, and Leon Firth, a visiting professor at George Washington University.
Associates said the reprieve will include a dinner to help local Democrats and a party at a local blues club. Much of the reprieve is expected to be private, they said.
And they're not going to tell us where he's going to grow the beard back or not. You think it'll make a difference? No. You think it'll put some up a little bit? No. I didn't lost that weight.
I don't know. That's right. He picked up a lot too. He's still got Tipper. Yeah, like I said. And we got Tipper with the first lady in co-rounded sensor records and music stores. That ought to be good.
Sensor all the CDs that she can still working on the Internet. Of course, Alan vetted it. So I guess she's got a right to be a sensor in it.
Fed stockpile anti-radiation pills. You got yours yet? No. Robert, you got any? No. Well, how come we don't have any federal agencies in Washington?
In order 350,000 potassium iodide pills this week from a North Carolina company to protect people from cancer caused by radioactive iodine, which can be released in nuclear explosions.
The agencies are stockpiling the pills in case of a nuclear event said, Gordon John Drow, a spokesman for the Office of Homeland Security.
It's been an ongoing effort, John, where said adding that it's not a direct result of the rest of Jose Padilla that suspected Al Qaeda member of Maverin planning a dirty bomb attack in Washington.
The government orders Monday and Tuesday represent 9% of newpills.com's business this year, and we're 18% higher than the company's total 2000 sales said owner Troy Jones.
Private citizens are buying him as well. They're stockpiling. In 2000, whoever heard of potassium iodide, Jones said Thursday until then his only clients were survivalists and those who live near reactors.
After 9.11, many people were ordering the pills that protect the thyroid gland from radioactive iodine, a cancer-crossing agent that can be released in huge plumes and atomic explosions.
Don't the peacocks have those? Huge plumes. Yes. And there is a matter of fact out by me, there are any acres, there are people that have peacocks and chickens and pea hens.
No, I'm serious and they like crawl around in a road and get you away and you have to sit there and wait for them to cross the road and they're very arrogant about that and they're very noisy because those people who live in that particular area don't want to get too specific, but they think they're still going out in the country.
I think if they like crawl out from under the bottom of the house someday and go out there and suddenly I was full of our look around, they'd realize that life is passing them by and they're not living in the country anymore. I couldn't, I couldn't be wrong about that. I don't think so.
You went out there, you think they're living in the country? No, not anymore. So give it to those people in peacocks. Anyway, the orders of nearly over one Jones, three person sales teams since Monday when Attorney General John Ascroff announced that he is arrest and everybody started going like that.
However, experts believe a dirty bomb would release other kinds of radiation. Potassium iodide would sell for about a dollar a pill would be helpful only if a dirty bomb used radioactive iodine instead of other radioactive substances and then only for people close to the explosion.
People are buying this product because they think they're going to protect themselves from a dirty bomb. Jones said they're buying it because they think something worse is going to happen in this country, such as an attack on a nuclear plant or a suitcase nuclear bomb.
John were always going that far but it ignores the government's making large vies of potassium iodide. The purchases were made by agencies including the NRC, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Department of Energy and the Department of Health and Human Services.
The FDA approved over the counter sales of potassium iodide in 1982. It recommends that anyone exposed to radioactive iodide, I take one tablet daily for up to 14 days and recommend smaller doses for children.
John said he was getting about one order per minute and most of the new clients were from the Washington area. The Padilla arrest he said was a wake-up call. In other words, people are starting to get like a little bit nervous. Kind of like that.
Like I said, you got yours yet? No. No. Didn't we use to sell it when we sold salt? Did I ever, we talked about this, selling salt, iodide salt. Right. That's not just as good. Well, what is that? I saw it salt with iodine in it. Now is that good? I guess it can't hurt. It's good for you. You need a certain amount of iodine in your out. Yeah. In fact, we used to take iodine and when you take iodine, I'm not recommending this.
But if you take iodine and put it on your wrist, it disappears. No, it's a body of orbs. Right. And the greater your deficiency in iodine in your body, the faster it sucks it in. Like magic. Yeah. And of course, people all realize that but the skin is like a tremendous receptor. So, it's a smith that you rub on your skin. No, I didn't say what you thought.
Yeah. Schmidt that you rub on your skin like it's absorbed into your and your system. Right.
Which makes you wonder about things like, you know, when you go to the beach and you rub on all that copper, tonal, all that crap. Some block. What doesn't have real copper in it?
So I guess your blood's not going to burn in it. You blood won't burn no matter how angry you get.
Provenous past every good for somebody on the stations matter fact come is all last down a little bit maybe.
Provenous past noon at 560 WQM. Here's something I'm good for. There's notivating about this. The ancient Romans and geeks and Greeks, they knew about it. That's why olive oil became so big all over Europe and now of course in the Western world.
With the olio made, you can get the benefits of olive oil without the shmere in it. Like I was saying only moments ago. No shmere in the olio made because it's a soft-yled capsule. All you do is pop them in your pus.
Olio made contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and herbals to promote health for all different parts of your body. They have one product, top your prostate.
There's one for your heart and your blood pressure, one for your cholesterol. Olio once got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system. You digested an endoconsystem, you skin and bones, even for your mind. All using the benefits of the finest olive oil that money can buy.
Like I tell you, all the time, olio made has got products for men and for ladies as well. Pick up some olio made this weekend. You'll find it available. It stores all over town. It's at Walgreens, whole food markets, the Royal Pharmacy in Sedanos. If you want to get more information about their products, they've got a tool for you.
They'll be ecstatic to answer all your questions about the olio made products and what they can do for you.
Column tool for you at 1-866 olio made. That's 1-866 olio, E-O-M-E-D. And don't forget you know the products on their website.
Do with them, dog. All right. What the hell did you say? We days at 3 on sports radio 560. I think of these regions. Good evening, log. I can like take a nap. Anyway, we got a episode. Are you watching any of the local channels there right now?
No, right now. A woman. Off to the corrections office who stopped to ask for directions in the road. We shot and in a stomach. And drove himself to a hospital. And we got a possible hospital hospital hospital hospital hospital hospital.
We have a shooting and ran randomly into a home. Okay. What do we know about the condition of this corrections officer as of yet? We don't know yet. He was rushed to a local hospital. It's called Miami Jackson hospital where he is undergoing treatment.
But evidently, very fortunately for him, he was at least able to drive himself away from the shooting scene to this gas station. Imagine and was able to get help for himself.
All right. Susan Candy, on the telephone there from the Miami area as investigators are now looking into a shooting that took place in the coconut growth section of Miami just a moment ago.
And we're still awaiting the condition as you heard Susan say of the corrections officer who was shot in the stomach and police surrounding a coconut grove home where the suspect is believed to be holed up along with possibly a woman and children will be updating you on that.
I'm sure you will. There you go. More another good example why everybody should have a gun. This guy just stopped. He just stopped to ask directions. Yeah, you understand.
Any young man reached inside the car and he got into a scuffle over a gun which it's not clear who had the gun originally whatever. And then guess what? He's a shot. Luckily he was at the car running and he was able to get himself to the hospital immediately and hopefully he'll survive.
There you go boys and girls another great example of why crazy people would gun. It's not necessarily such a good idea, but that's American F and white and they never going to change.
Here's your facts that's very impressive. Now I was thinking about this watching a game last night.
Since I just want to reinforce the fact that Stevie isemen will ever be a superstar because he's too small as Brian is BM now we know why he called him BM.
Brian Marie when he was in South Florida because he's smelt like it in the acted like it.
Wanted idiotic comment that he made right to my face. It's too bad for Stevie. He'll never be a great player because he's too small.
Like I said, there's a real man for you Steve Iserman who even at his advanced age still looks as soon as he did like ten years ago pretty close.
Looks pretty good to me and nevertheless played through all those injuries and the entire playoffs phenomenal.
Gonna have knee surgery now be out for up to six months they said but still managed to play right through the last game last night.
Help them win a cup. A lot of people thought he'd get the MVP again but they're spreaded around Nicholas Lutzerman's the first European player ever to win a cons might trophy which I think that's good because it'll piss off Don Cherry.
So what else wrong with that nice going there Stevie why.
And I go and all red wings into the Scotty Bowman quits for sure a lot about that on a morning show this morning and then they got the hooks but even
promoting Goldie's thing there without golf tournament on Monday that just amazes me. So in other words the prizes are going to be all these panther oriented stuff but got
a bit we should talk about hockey on that show just said to me on that morning basketball show that we've got but at any rate.
Just move right along okay I'm wearing upward don't get bogged down on that crap conservative priest in Vancouver's Anglican diocese have rejected a
last age proposal to quell a civil war over the blessing of same sex unions. The Anglican diocese of new west men's to faces collapse today as its governing body is said to vote on whether to prepare a right to
bless same sex unions I'm over ponensable trigger a formal split in the diocese. See we got some crap going on up here too I all this is over there in BC.
I have a feeling it's going to be a very painful day for all of us said Reverend broccoli Mayo a spokesman for the diocese conservative caucus I pray for a miracle so God can halt his train wreck before it kills people's faith.
The caucus yesterday we buffed an attempt by Bishop Michael Ingham to prevent the partition of the local diocese along theological lines over the contentious issue of blessing gay must be in unions expected to pass that the diocesan sin of today a first in Canada.
Ready for that I'm ready. Gonna pass in BC today they expect Bishop Ingham proposed that a conservative church leader be appointed as a visiting bishop to provide pastoral care to any clergy who felt they could not receive adequate care from a diocese leader who
also cause for conscience clause allowing perishes that cannot support the blessing of same sex unions to bar such blessings from their congregation.
Reverend Mayo said these concessions are inadequate its counter to scripture he said it's counter the word of God there's no place for sexual activity outside the
covenant of marriage we can't ignore God's word it's not negotiable. It's counter the word of God he said.
Reverend Mayo will table a counter motion today if you if the plan to bless same sex unions passes it calls for a formal split of the diocese along theological lines to establish a new non-geographical diocese.
The diocese comprised of 80 perishes in 25,000 congregates in southwestern BC is known for its liberal tendencies with a vocal conservative minority.
Today's vote comes after a divisive five year diocese in battle in 1998 51% of delegates had said it supported the move to gay and lesbian inclusion in 1991 56 and a half percent supported blessing same sex union.
Bishop Ingham twice declined to implement the directive because the margin of support was so narrow however no letter written to delegates yesterday he acknowledged the pain and frustration of gay and lesbian members of the diocese that the slowness of progress toward full inclusion of the church.
So there you go whether they like it or not we're doing it. Samuel Waxel you saw this story a couple days ago makes you and by the way look at that the plus common as the ex in the green.
Hallelujah happy day. You notice how they keep manipulating this crap yeah we off it's like wild and hysterical and of course over a period of time just keeps going.
I was noticed that start watching it right now now that your money is out it'll go up just to spite you no it won't no another my money you have no idea I didn't want to tell you how many thousands of dollars I'm ahead of the game just by yeah I don't even overall but I mean just
a few weeks ago like three weeks whatever was I'm kissing the ground I'm kissing my checkbook whatever I got left and of course you know I mean you know four years down the road it could make a big comeback I'm going to have no I have no problems with that what a case of
rassurah because I've had enough stress and enough angst and if I would if I were still like invested in any of this crap right now I'd be I'd be I'd be every minute to be crappin in my pants that's an honest feeling about how I would be doing.
I'd be having a green apple quick step round the clock even in my sleep I have to wear depends because it's just a scary thing anyway Samuel walks on Manhattan based in clone system in battle former chief executive was arrested Wednesday morning by the FBI and charged with illegal insider training by the SEC see how can anybody
investing be investing in any of this crap I'm talking about any of these equities when it's so obvious that there's all this chicana we going on we don't know which company's going to be the next in Ron or the next in clone.
Waxel did not enter a play when he was a rain in federal court man hadn't was released on ten million dollars bond half in cash financial
new services reported the FBI arrested Waxel on nine charges including took out the conspiracy to commit securities fraud six counts of insider training and one charge or perjury for live the SEC.
Sam Waxel was a CEO and he held a who held a powerful position and the trust of incline shareholders Helene Glatzer assistant director the SEC's northeast regional office man hadn't told a Bloomberg new service he exploited that position to protect his and his family's wealth.
In its complaint the commission charged at Waxel received news last December that the US FDA would soon issue a decision rejecting for review incline's pending application to market its cancer treatment drug air but tux.
The SEC charges that Waxel passed along this bad news to family members who then sold incline stock before the information became public.
The SEC said that Waxel himself tried to sell shares of incline before the news became public in its lawsuit filed in federal court man hadn't the commission seeks in order to require that Waxel give up or discourage the seven million dollars in losses avoid by those family members he tipped up.
Yeah let him turn the money back over to all the other poor suckers who lost their ass that's what I say.
That is great right there in your face human cloning ban falters in the senate president bushes quest to ban all human clothing a cloning appears to have hit a legislative wall in the senate effectively killing the proposal's chances for congressional passage this year senators on both sides of the issue said yesterday.
Senator Sam Brownback at Kansas Republican had been pushing the Bush proposal which was approved over one million last year and the GOP let house but in the meeting this week with Republican colleagues brown back modified his proposal to wait two year more to him on human cloning instead of a permanent ban an indication that he didn't have enough support for all our prohibition.
I don't think total banning will be offered because at this point I don't think we have the votes to get it done said senator Rick sand to him Pennsylvania Republican who supports Brownback's original bill a White House lobby speaking on condition of an
Inhibit he said the proposal would not come up anytime soon in other words they don't have the votes.
Hey let's talk those fetuses to by the way we're right at this weekend we don't care about all those people who have those degenerative diseases like Parkinson's all those debilitating things like diabetes like some of us have we don't care
about that song kiss a start to good morning every plan to show how about kiss an embryo good morning would be good.
The right wing is out of that iron butterfly and it got into me to 47 votes it's winning hands down your pants now how big did the other ones win by and the previous three days soft oh that's right not going to come close to soft
so do you realize that that had 14 I know although I'm wrong about that.
See because we don't have that many votes on her yet but by the end of the survey come Monday morning there will be a lot but percentage wise this one's got 16%
where soft sell and tainted love had 14% on Monday or Tuesday.
The museum at 9.6% of the total vote and Dexies Middai runners come on I had 8% so iron butterfly and it got it a bit is like just off to the races.
12.26 at 5.60 WQM mattress shopping or total waste of time don't do it don't do it with the traditional way anyway do it by making a phone call to our good friends at
Dala mattress 1 800 mattress because they give you so much more than just great service and I know what I'm talking about because the few times that I've needed
a new mattress over the last several years I call them there are no time at all and they take away the crappy old betting and set up a fantastic new mattress at an unbeatable everyday low price and they show up exactly on time when they say they're going to be there whenever it's
convenient for you you pick the to our window and the day like between 10 and noon noon and 2 1 and 3 4 and 6 got it good got it and because Dala mattress is got the deepest
selection brand name actresses they don't have to do the old bait and switch and you know delivered you a mattress you didn't really want in the first place they got all the top names
sir to see these Simmons and King Coral like I said unbeatable prices to and they give you that 30 day in a comfort trial let's you really try out a mattress the way you should do it.
I don't like you know what some sales guy standing over in the super in a department store I'm getting choked up just thinking about it.
But like sleeping on it and doing your thing on it for up to 30 days to make sure it's the one that's good for you in your back.
So if you want to start really sleep in great night after night get yourself a great new mattress the unbeatable way we're just by making that one easy call.
1 800 mattress that's all it takes 1 800 MATT RES or check them out on the web.
I quit calling it.
I'm a server. We days in one on sports radio 560.
Jesus. You AM.
It's Friday you bastard.
Hi Felicia.
Gee I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable.
Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
Gosh, chick. I stopped using head and shoulders a long time ago.
I mean honestly who grows hair on their shoulders anyway.
Yeah right. So what are you using now?
Well it's like head and shoulders only without all those additives.
It's just called head. Let's tell them about it girls.
If you're tired of your old chance to escape,
yeah, brother, bring it and be lazy.
Yeah, yeah, just remember what I said.
Yeah, yeah, you'll feel better if you get some head.
Wow, where can I get head?
Lots of places, chick. You can stop by my place later
and I'll be happy to give you some head.
In 50 minutes I'll have you shampooed, dialed and blown dry.
Gee you don't miss a lick do you?
Hands sound great, but is it expensive?
Not at all, chick.
My brother says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10.
Golly, at that price everyone should be getting head.
That's right, chick. When you say head you set a mouthful.
Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Foulade.
From through the moment, you're just here to tell you why you should get head.
First it lubricates each limp hair follicle,
leaving an erect listening shaft.
Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root,
leaving your hair soft, shiny and exhausted.
Nothing does the job like head.
Great, can I get head for my head, or so bruise?
Probably, but you might want to try your girlfriend first.
Go out and get some head today.
Yeah, yeah, little squirt goes along long way.
Yeah, yeah, you look better and you'll feel terrific.
Yeah, yeah, when you get head you're a lucky step.
What hair with lots of volume?
Nothing gets it up like head.
Available at a price you won't find hard to swallow,
and it's going down every day.
Honey, we're out of shampoo.
Can you go out and get some head?
What did you say?
I said I want you to go out and get head.
Oh, thank you, sweet Jesus.
I'm going down down.
And head makes a great holiday gift.
Last Christmas my wife gave me some head.
Then I gave her a pearl necklace.
I've never seen her so choked up.
My girlfriend used to give me head, then we got married.
Now I'm lucky if I get Georgian's lotion and a national toothbrush.
Once you start you will run out of stock.
Head, feel the foot, you might know your top.
You have head in the shower, you want to come?
You have the moon.
If you tie it up your old shampoo, can't get restrated.
I'm feeling low.
Can't get that remember what I said.
Can't get you'll feel better if you get some head.
You'll feel better if you get some head.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Head shampoo.
Come on, give it a shot.
My hair looks gritty.
Use a nap.
Top 34 or 560 WDQM.
Anyway, they showed a couple minutes ago they seen from the girl.
Guess which part of the girl was in when they're shooting for place?
A little while ago.
I give up.
And they got three kids, three little dark and plucky kids out of the house.
The executive idea of what part of the girl was in.
Oh, the other side of 37th Avenue.
Right, the other side of the tracks.
Kind of like in a halibut.
You know, two loose locked tracks.
See, I don't know, maybe I'm wrong about this.
All you in our A people, you gun nuts.
Nothing we can do to stop you.
But don't you think at least maybe just for starters for like the next 10 years.
We don't let sparkes have guns.
Don't you think that's a good idea?
Too late.
Oh.
I mean, it's somewhere along the line.
We have to like draw the line.
Here's a fact that says which police play by a lot of time, which I just did.
You're welcome.
I saw a VH1 interview with a member of Iron Butterfly, the lead singer couldn't pronounce in the Garden of Eden.
And so in a God of David, it was boring.
Could put out in the Garden of Eden, which is what it was supposed to be.
That's not correct.
It's not the guy who wrote it.
One of the members of the band who might have been the lead singer or something like that.
Delivered pizza was his day job.
And he had a mouthful of pizza when he was telling them a.
He had a mouthful of pizza.
Maybe he was given head shampoo.
And that's how it came out and they thought it was really funny and it stuck.
Well, anyway, I'll tell you all the members of the, because I looked it up, because I was so.
And you were close, but close, don't count only in horseshoes and quits.
The seven-inch version was edited down from the original.
I mean, it says seven-inch, but doesn't say how long it was.
Oh, seven inches in fat.
Seven-inch version edited down from the original 17-minute album cut.
So was 17.
It was 15.
It was long.
It was pretty goddamn long.
17 minutes, the album cut.
Anyway, Iron Butterfly, Hard Rock Group from San Diego, Doug Engel was the lead singer of
Vocals and Keyboards, Eric Brown, Bron, V-R-A-U-N-N, no relation to Bob Braun, played a guitar, lead
drum and bass, and Ron Bushy on the drums.
In it got it, it was a 928-68.
And you know something?
What?
It wasn't that big of a hit.
It was seven weeks under the chart.
The highest it ever got was number 30.
How do you like that?
So there was another one of those things that at the time, it was, I mean, I remember playing that in Kalamazoo, Michigan, no less.
But it just wasn't that gigantic, but as time wore on, it became bigger and bigger and just gigantic.
Plus 36 and 560 WQM, he was rich, handsome and dashing a young man who thrived on speed and danger and died under mysterious circumstances.
Last week, Michael Antonore's experimental helicopter cracked into a Tampa house.
He walked away with minor injuries, benches, to few hours in the hospital before being released, walking out with his parents.
Hours later, the 30-year-old Antonore climbed aboard a singling and says to plane in circle over Bushy Intersection for 40 minutes, then the plane broke away and nose dived into a dry, sapper swan 20 miles outside the city.
Or speaking of the helicopters, on passion today, Ethan finally takes off with Teresa, or at least they're trying to take our right there at the end of that helicopter.
And in the early part of the show, which you must see all the passions viewers, one of the great lines in history of soap operas, this poor, what's it in K?
K, who's got the hots for Miguel and his desperate to save him from zombie charity, who if she bangs Miguel, that's good means he's going to die.
And she's got Miguel glued down around the beach in the rain, the pouring rain over his glistening, almost naked body, and she's ready to do the, she's got her knee in his nuts.
And his K is trying to find them. She's wandering around in the rain, saying to herself, where would a succubus, that's what they call him on the show, a succubus zombie, take Miguel to try to us to do some.
And she says, oh yeah, the most sick place would be a cemetery. She says, I hope he's not stiff when I get there in more ways than one.
Which I thought that was pretty, you know, we had asked on CNN this morning and we're talking about Miguel being stiff on passion, making some little tiny step progress boys and girls, getting back to the story.
His death left his family and investigators struggling to explain what happened was it suicide or an accident or maybe his team is a crappy pilot.
Antonoi left no note and his family had sent through a spokesman that suspects mechanical problems caused the crash, but the NTSB said Wednesday that the preliminary investigation found no obvious mechanical problems with either aircraft.
The Hussbrook County Medical Examiner's office is awaiting toxicology test to determine whether they've been drinking or under the influence of drugs so far.
The office has only said that antonoi died of head injury suffered in the crash. The Sheriff's Department is also investigating we may never know what happened, a Sheriff spokesman Rod Reader said.
How do you like that? So first the experimental helicopter crashed into a house, he walked away and then like hours later he gets back into another one and about a being right on the right of the ground dead.
His mom always talked about how he was a good boy who wouldn't do anything she didn't want to do. She never thought to tell him not to go on the roof and jump into pool water said he jumped into a swimming pool climbing up on a roof as a teenager.
It just wasn't in the year where antonoi took his chances. He also under a racecar 97 convertible Dodge Viper and a 2001 BMW.
Last year he had pleaded no contested driving under the influence of the lost his license for six months. His driving record included ten other infractions including convictions for careless and improper driving.
Some friends and family members believe antonoi may have climbed into the cockpit of the plane so soon after the first crash because he wanted to prove he was still a competent pilot.
I guess he didn't prove that did he? No. If that's what he was trying to prove, I guess what?
They work out too well. Very sick.
Twenty till one. Well I'll tell you Joe Rose over there who does today's going to have a dynamite show for you because the mad dog continue showing up whenever the hell he feels like it.
The mad dog's got the best gig in the universe. That's what I'm hearing.
I'll tell you speaking the best in the universe pizza off is the best place for some inexpensive eats that are delicious.
Then I'm telling you that right now inexpensive fresh cook just the way you like it.
All the Italian goodies you love three different kinds of great pizza garlic rolls just dripping with garlic that will melt in your mouth or so soft and tender and delicious.
Every kind of Italian dish chicken and veal seafood, calzone, super subs. They got it all off and they got special nights every night of the week so you know whole gang can eat at a pittance of a price.
Of course, now that the weekend is upon us so many other proud restaurants they make you stand out long lines Fridays and Saturdays.
Now that the pizza lot that's why Jeff keeps expanding making it bigger and bigger. In fact, he spends a lot of time on it making it as big as he possibly can.
So you don't have to wait on long lines to get it in the pizza lot. Don't forget to take out our delivery or for catering call this number 954 916 888 954 916 888 and of course you'll find a pizza lot in the pizza lot.
It's a right to be on pure one imports on university driving.
80 kitty corner the armadillo cafe right behind. And I just say right the ampere one imports. You just said that.
Well, I'll say it again. It's right. Guess what it's right behind here. What imports that place? Yeah.
Pizza lot you won't break the bank by going over the whole family again and again. So go there and have yourself a great meal this weekend. Don't forget the brand new loft and plantation.
Guys, where there are no loose. Go straight to hell.
183 on sports 205.60 Q.A.M.
There's no fact in the church. Yeah, it's me the yelling guy and granderson. I'm a man. I'm a man's man man. I'm a manly man's man man.
Sometimes when I'm at the urinal I get a stage fright. I have a shy bladder. Then it hits me. These other guys next to me must think I'm a tool gaser. Damn.
So I get more and more nervous one time. I stood there for hours. I met some pretty nice fellas though.
25.5.60 here is some of the most disgraceful news I've ever heard in my life. Let's discuss those guidelines. What the Vatican officials also feel a little bit uncomfortable with is that those bishops are actually deciding on rules and regulations if you want, which not necessarily will have the backing of the Vatican.
And therefore can the Vatican may not accept zero tolerance policy? How do you like that? All the other plans. Yeah. Well, not only that, but probably clean out the old damn church. They won't have any pre-slap or any bishops.
And the comment is in this report on CNN right now that the bishops in the Dallas are acting as we all know, but it's interesting for them to put it in these words. They're acting on tremendous pressure because the cat is out of the bag.
The whole scandal is out of the closet. So they're acting on tremendous pressure because people are saying, uh-uh, this one once the wrecking you out deal. Sorry, you don't get one free pass and molesting our kids.
But the Vatican may not accept zero tolerance policy. What kind of crap is that typical? Unbelievable. Jesus Joseph and Saul, man.
So what goes to show you just at the time of the trying to put on this big PR campaign and put on a great dog and pony show for the public at least give the appearance of really trying to put it into all his crap. They're not going to do it because the Vatican wants it still for even that shaky old Polish Pope. He had to sit still for it.
I mean, who the hell are they to be making policy policy comes from the Vatican, which is their own little country over there.
See, they think they're dealing with like the cut of a nitty-, over here in the state police and they can like dictate law here and they've been doing pretty good for a long time. The public isn't going to sit still for that.
And if that flies what they're talking about now and if this whole thing that they're trying to pass today, if this winds up getting watered down, you ain't seen nothing yet, baby. You ain't seen nothing yet. The fool is really going to fly.
And these victims are going to become apoptctic. The lawsuits are going to fly like crazy even more than ever before.
So chronic Tim and primitive pines who just can't control himself. He says the music from the 50, 60s and 70s is some of the best music ever made. You are absolutely correct.
And I wasn't even around the 70s. He said there never be another era like that and the stuff will be remembered much more than the freaking 90s. Well, of course, there just wasn't a lot of good music in the 90s except of course for 98 degrees.
I think there is no one's voted for the cheaters because stupid state. That's why I played a little Bob Kubaner. I find maybe the Cubans would like it.
He said no one's voted for the cheaters because stupid stations like magic play the same 20 songs over and over again. That's it. The great songs, but even great songs will be played too much. I've heard so many great songs for my parents songs that I never heard on magic. Well, that's because magic sucks Tim. Magic blows. It blows their playlist is 14 songs.
And after you've heard those 14 songs each about 14,000 times after that they stick in a little bit stale no matter how great they were.
Then Tim goes on to say there's a Beatles song called Little Anna. Never heard it on magic. Why not? Did you ever hear Little Anna? No, I never heard that either. I don't think there is a Beatles song called Little Anna. Maybe that's why we didn't hear it on magic.
You know what song he could be talking about? What? I don't know. I'm asking you. I thought of that when I read it.
Well, let me take a look. I mean the Beatles only have about 600 listings. I'm sure in my book here. So this should take no more than four or five hours.
Hey, 10 year bugging me. 10 little Anna. I don't think so. And if it was, it made a bit of kind of one of their albums, but I don't remember her.
My Bonnie. My Bonnie lies over the ocean. Anybody seen Anna? I'm looking for Anna. Anybody seen her? Don't see that bitch. Lovely Rita. Eleanor Rigby. Lady Madonna. Lady vagina.
The pallet of John and Yokel. Martha my dear. Yeah. Free as a turd. I don't see it. There's no such share. Little Anna.
Like I said, it could have been a cut on some album. Maybe that's why they're not playing it. Maybe it doesn't exist. Well, I almost forgot about this story. We can't get by the day without this.
Remember I talked about this yesterday, briefly. What from the UK? What? About the two robbers. Oh, the mask. The Moons, the idiotic Brits, which I hate to be redundant there. They silly Brits.
And it's this from the UK. Hey, Mo. Hey, Larry. I can't see. And I start thinking about Mo and Larry and Third Chufflin, Louis Third Churling.
It said detectives were left in stitches by security camera film of a robbery by two teenagers who forgot to cut eye holes in their masks.
Officials were officers rather watched in astonishment as the pair repeatedly bumped into one another, demanded money from a shop wall, and failed to notice their news agent victim dialing 999.
Warriors at York Crown Court were convulsed in their turn as details emerged about Thomas Rathbone, no relation to Basil, 18, and a 17-year-old were cannot be named for legal reasons, crashed into the shop counter.
Finally, in frustration, they made the Cardinal mistake of pulling off their mask to get their bearings in front of the security camera.
The pair admitted charges of robbery in New York, in July. The court heard on Monday they had succeeded only in stealing three packs of cigarettes.
Rathbone of York was sent to a young offender's institution for a year, and the other youth was given a year's detention and a training word or whatever that means. They're going to give him a training bra.
A spokesman for North Yorkshire police who may find the video hard to resist as a Christmas party item said they must have been the dumbest raiders in the world.
The video is more of a farce than a hold-up.
You got to poke holes in it, guys.
That's a pretty good song, Bob, but I wouldn't get all ben on it. I mean, a Tim, whatever your name is.
I wouldn't get all ben on a shape about that. This better popsicles and I suppose by the mermaids. Is that got any votes? I'm going to look at there right now, but you don't have any.
Are you looking? Not yet. Bob Kubin's got one. How about Sally where I'll go round to Moses, got a pair? I bet you maybe popsicles nice and nice after I played him. I get one or two, you think? I don't see any. No, you find it. Huh? It'll get one or two. It doesn't have any yet.
It's right on the bottom. The mermaids have none. The mermaids have none. Now Tim, I could get all upset about that and get spastic right here on a goddamn radio. Am I going to get spastic about it? They don't like it.
It's kind of like a bubblegummy song. It's maybe a little bit too, you know. It's not a heavy duty song or similar ones that they love like Dexy's Midnight Riders and come on, I lean, you know. Tainted love. Yeah, or Tated Love by Soft Cell.
I think some of these people ought to be in a cell, a padded cell. Can you believe Ben-E-Mart Donus is second? No. Get out of here. Well, take a look.
Well, I haven't been looking at it. I haven't been paying any attention for a while. Ben-E-Mart Donus has been creeping up there. Well, yeah, but it's Iron Butterfly's got 51. Ben-E-Mart Donus has got 27.
Frankie goes to Hollywood, relax 26. Big country in a big country got 26. 25. So the battle for second is very, very tight. I mean, you know, Iron Butterfly, no contest.
Hey, need a creative gift for Father's Day, a new baby or graduation, sending a bear-grammed gift from the Vermont Teddy Bear Company is a perfect idea, like I always tell you. For a dad, you can choose from bears like the policeman bear, Dr. Fisherman or Golfor Bear, or surprise the graduate in your life with the Groovy-Grad Bear or the Classic graduation bear wearing a black or white gown cap with Tassel and a diploma.
Just call this toll free number and a friendly bear council will help you choose from over 100 handcrafted bears for any occasion, 1-800-829-Bair, and of course also, it will be personalized for them delivered in a colorful gift box with a card and delicious chocolate, 1-800-829-Bair.
So call her, go online today and please download the new tour to the call, the Vermont Teddy Bear Company.
I simply think of different groups of words that come into my head, as it wasn't for the fact that the lyrics come to me spontaneous. I probably would never pull off writing songs like this one.
I choose whatever comes to my mind and express it through my voice. It's funny but most people think that songs like this took months to write, but the beauty is this one took me all of 20 seconds and it's almost done.
Just fast-mo one, two more songs are created. The days take exactly the way this one is.
I can write my ex-cd and witness there's no big deal about it.
I today want to make that L.A.ness more such you get some on yours, but 1257 at 560 QM, Jim and Atlanta Faxus is the pinhead that the Mini Tim was referring to a song called Anna by the Beatles on their first release.
Number Anna? No, I don't remember that either. But I'm sure that Jim and Atlanta is what he's talking about. Thank you Jim. Music fans find dearth of quality. Boy how time this is from USA today a couple days ago. Perhaps the most nebulous wine and fandom concerns a perceived dearth of good music.
Roughly 27,000 titles are dumped into marketplace annually. Yet many consumers, particularly casual or older fans, less prone to rooting out new sound.
