So significantly, an America's foreign energy policy.
As yet, no senior official in Washington decided this is a reason for invading Iraq to do
so would be to eliminate whatever remaining credibility the Bush administration has in
Europe and the Middle East.
It could also provoke opposition in the US among those who question the sacrifice of blood
for oil.
But there can be no doubt that the White House made up as it is a former oil company officials
is aware of the oil situation in Iraq and the problems this will pose to successful realization
of the administration's long-term energy strategy only by occupying Iraq and choosing
its new government can the US be certain that these problems will be overcome, especially
now that they threw a monkey wrench in there with an Afghan oil pipeline, you know?
Damn it.
At this point, it's impossible for outsiders to know what exactly is driving the administration's
campaign to Assad and Hussein.
No doubt many factors are involved.
Some strategic summit has actually justified this instance.
Can only be determined if there's a fracket open discussion of US policy to Iraq.
Surely such a discussion is called for before we place the lives of our servicemen and women
at risk writes Michael T. Claire on salon.com.
And don't call me Shirley.
26th after 11 at 5.60 WQM and a really bizarre Friday, it's all I can tell you.
Since we heard that drilling downstairs, we shouldn't know and time to bail out.
Time to get out for Columbus Day.
Something make up some story.
274 votes.
The tone and the yield show.
It makes no difference.
Worry is 122.
The tone sucks.
We want the colors back.
112.
41% want the colors back.
Do you believe that?
No.
It's best from the money shows from Miami 21.
Best from Toronto 14.
And best from Amstit Am 3.
I guess they missed that show.
From Amstit Am.
26th after 11 at 5.60 WQM.
Am I in the right hour?
Yeah, I am in the right hour.
You know, we all have different lifestyles.
Therefore, we need different products to make us feel better and be healthier.
Older med Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive
oil with vitamins and minerals.
Irbals and other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrient solutions
to help you support specific health needs.
Look for oleo meds.
Three new formulas which are sleep, weight, management, and co-enzyme Q10, co-Q10.
All using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil.
Oliomets and outstanding new products is available at publics, records, and Walgreens.
For more info, call oleo med tool free 1-866 oleo med.
You can also order oleo med online at oleo medamerica.com.
And if you visit your nearest publics and purchase an oleo med product in Browder-Dade
counties, you'll receive a coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead dial while supplies
last.
And who wouldn't want at least a dozen of those?
Don't forget to visit their sampling provision at Sports side every Sunday when the
dolphins are playing home games too.
Pick up free oleo med samples and product information.
Start feeling healthy right now, get some oleo med and start popping into your push today.
We have a mobile from Miramar.
Hello?
Hi, can you hear me okay?
I got a question.
Go ahead.
Jimmy and Danny situation.
Yeah, Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
and Danny and Danny one employees and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny, and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny … and Danny and Danny gentk and Danny and Danny and Danny and …
Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da
Oh, da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da
Number 32 that was by request by the way and that's one of the great bits you'll find
I don't need more bits on there but restitution song and Danny and Jimmy on the new
Volka Brian CD restitution and and uh... more bits volume one which you can buy on
your rogers.com you can click on it right now and purchase maybe the greatest CD in
the history of the human race that's what everybody in the building is saying
uh... set maybe more into the guilty
that guilty man I'm telling the one to do about that job
i don't know
286 votes on their the tone and he'll show it makes no difference where he is
hundred twenty seven the tone sucks we want the callers back hundred fifteen
little over forty percent it's best for my amy well i got right now what he's
in my amy does it sound technically any different than i'm sitting here
no oh
twenty three
best see it would seem to me that it would sound better when i'm in Toronto
because it was better frame of mind and better mood at least at these last two
days of any barometer maybe they don't like that so that's the old crowd again
they like to be pissed off and fired up
they don't want me to be so mellow
best for my amy twenty three best from Toronto sixteen
best for mams to them three of those that was the one that heard that show that day
they listen don't blame me i can't help it if i was a sick child all summer long
okay
what what is this
tobacco smoke and for the get out of here and be propagatizing to me about the
protecting a second and small plot your ass okay
i'm sitting smoke at a big fat story and if anybody don't like it too bad
too thinking bad all you
non-smoking fanatics
smokers bad for you but this business about becoming militant about it you make me sick
so don't be sent me stuff
vote yes and then he said like all these people want to manipulate what i am saying on
earhank and happen baby
i've seen most of you and believe me you're not manipulating this kid
and what i say either
study
israel aids in ignoring security council resolutions
israel holds the record for ignoring united nation security council resolutions
according to a study by san francisco university political science professor
steven zunas
on the eve a possible u.s. british assault on a rack
zunas decided to examine in depth one of the main arguments used by the bush
administration justify changing the bag that read jean
iraq's deliberate refusal to implement u.n. security council resolutions
he systematically went through all the states given instructions by the
security council to find out how common the phenomenon was
his results were somewhat surprising
some of the countries are considered and are only friendly to the u.s.e. told how
or it's yesterday in israel paper in the vast majority of cases i examined
the government's violating u.n. security council resolutions are countries
that receive significant military diplomatic and financial aid from the u.s.a.
israel leads that list
since nineteen sixty eight israel is violated thirty two resolutions
then included condemnation or criticism of the government's policies and actions
turkey is in second place with twenty four violations since nineteen seventy four
and maroco was in third with seventeen resolutions it be ignoring
newsday newspaper published a ranking yesterday but zunas said he did not
rank the states and claim it was newspaper that came up with the grades
according to zunas out of some fifteen hundred u.n. security resolutions passed
since nineteen forty seven ninety were openly blatantly and continually
violated without the government's being held accountable for their actions
zunas specifically avoided counting resolutions that are vague or unclear so
the governments could claim different interpretations of the meaning
of the resolutions thus the famous u.n. security council resolutions two four two
and three thirty eight are not even included in this study he also didn't count
resolutions that only included condemnations and steady focus to those that
included specific calls for changes in the subject government policies
the resolutions israel violated we're about its annexation of east Jerusalem
or settlements in the territories israel also secured you are
ignored rather u.n. security council resolutions that call for israel to cease
urging harsh measures against the Palestinian population
and the cease-expelling Palestinians in response israel's deputy chief of
mission at the u.n. aaron yaka said yesterday that there are big
differences between the decisions that refer to israel and those that refer to
iraq israel is the only democracy in the region in the
fighting for its existence while a rack is a brutal dictatorship that
attacked its neighbors and violated human rights including the use of
chemical weapons against its own citizens he said
oh well in that case in that case and uh my name is it kosher
right yes it's a brutal democracy by the way speaking of kosher
Rudy Giuliani says all your grease balls out there get over the sopranos
repeat after we do this is on cnn.com repeat after Rudy it's just a television show
it's just a television show former mayor Rudy Giuliani weighed in yesterday
with the cast members of HBO's these sopranos should march in the
Columbus Day parade and the ex prosecutors on the side of the television mob it says
of course we know his name ends in a vowel i'm a big sopranos fan Giuliani till
reporters the show is a terrific show and i'd urge some Italian
Americans to be less sensitive you can spend your whole life wanting to be
waiting to be insulted wanting to be why would you want to be insulted
this comments came a day after me or michael bloomberg due criticism from
parade organizers for inviting dominix tn a.c who plays doni sopranos
uncle junior on the show and Lorraine brocco will place our
kaitreous jennifer melfy to march in the city's annual celebration of
Italian parade pride whatever i think we'll all get beyond it when we just
relax more about it Giuliani said it's just a show now isn't that today when
they like all the streets in the yorket like slide with olive oil they
smear it on up and down all the streets gallons barrels of it parade organizers
dislike the sopranos because they say it's a little more than a negative
caricature of Italian American life the Columbus Citizens Foundation which
planned the event previously has turned down requests for sopranos actors to
participate oh those stokies will kill you man what i tell you no
smoking
oh get a little champion light in me
i didn't invite them as members of the suvarado senate yesterday we had that
larry oriana prison of the foundation said the show perpetuates negative
stereotypes beside the whole crime element it shows it'll owe americans as
uneducated lowlife breutz he said Giuliani disagreed
rudy says i don't think we should feel sorry for ourselves
attended americans have this thing they have to deal with where people may have
some prejudices because of the mafia which they shouldn't have
but Giuliani said it can't march in the parade because they'll be in
california signing copies of his new book
leadership and campaigning for bill simon and republican candidate for governor
you see what an egotistical little prickly as he swings open the door there
that i like we're supposed to have a drum roll is that i'll play any a tada okay
for the beast okay because i heard the real reason he got kicked off that
morning show what do you say he's unprofessional
he's unprofessional is what i heard he's unprofessional he's not a broadcaster
he doesn't belong and i don't want him talking on my show you got it get him
out of there let him do the updates and that's the end of that
do not let him be on my show god damn it gellie i'm going to cut your balls
off and then fire your ass too yeah he was out in the hallway this morning
gellie not that i was kind of a chilly reception i got after all this time i've
been away haven't seen him in a dog's age i saved a guy's job for him even with
his squeaky a voice even after the way he tried to
stab jugs mcdonald in the back there go after his job there and i
radio play by play job okay the beast is now this deserves a drum roll this
part see i agree with that
beast is getting under scale ladies gentlemen balance for life is he in balance for
honor balance most is he unbalanced
oh wait a minute
okay which what was the last word the notes right there oh uh three pounds all right
so he lost back the two pounds he had gained back and another uh whatever
two twenty eight and a half don't forget to update it we'll lose track see
you're another one he's telling me what to do now don't you think i'm capable of
writing that on here i'm out of chewing gum and sitting here squeezing my
ass at the same time don't you think i can do that i don't know let's say and
listen to all that drilling and hammering going on i can handle it and taking a
few calls two hour ago let's take a few calls not carpet thing downstairs that's
what i don't give a crap what it is i don't care what they're doing it is so
unacceptable and so freaking outrageous i'm going to call my good friend
president bush and have him do something about i'm going to call uh
kind of leases what i'm going to do if you don't cut the crap out that's
for us so two twenty eight and a half the beast is lost he started two eighty
nine is that correct two eighty four and the
sand pretty good at math now let's say fifty six and a half pounds is what it
is right fifty five and a half let's not get too carried away
two eighty four and two twenty eight and a half and since you haven't seen him in a
while can't you tell no the dip no he has to be
perfectly i can tell the difference i don't i mean i some kind of a moron yes
hey don't put him on the air whatever you do okay he's unprofessional he's a
little schmitt's disturbing i love eating nuts and he uh
consorts with those guys that i made they show that just guys learn and at the
little guava eating spick he consorts with him so don't whatever you do put him
on the goddamn air okay don't ever put him on my show again here find it did
okay gildi use suck whole and don't be talking to that fat that you
slid in a hallway either okay because i'll get back to me
yeah we got a real deal going on in this place boys and girls out there you man
so nice going here the beast uh came back and tell your parents no more god damn
cruises okay tell them next time they schlep you're a fat ass and a cruise you're
gonna throw them both overboard just leave the checkbook that's all
show their ass overboard here this guy is working and done a damn good job
over all these months and you know what that reminds me of it during the break i'm gonna put my
shrooms in the microwave i snack i'm gonna have my lunch or sound back on balance for like myself
and next week all next week on channel four on that uh on the five and six o'clock news they're
doing those series on different diets they're doing atkins this week next week balance for life
maybe they can have the beast on there what do you say don't put him on air he's unprofessional
don't be putting him on television god damn it in fact we can have the beast we're in most wig
i think that would be that would be some i i would tune in to watch that special i tape it
get a 90 share the beast wearing most peace
18 till noon at five sixty wdqm is there still anybody out there who's not plunging
their lungs in VIP sportsbook.com i feel bad if that's the case let me tell you you're missing out
on a really great sports book that's what Gary sarner says and you know about Gary he's an asshole
you hear a lot of ads these days but you need to do some research before you plunk your cash
out at some unstable third world sportsbook let me happy out VIP sportsbook.com is the only book
to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watch dogs they're a Dutch based like in a real country
with real living and breathing cheap people and one of the first online sports books ever so if you
want to go on a roll of a lifetime if you're hoping to anyway you want to be at that time at the best
sportsbook out there VIP sportsbook.com so you know you're gonna wind up with your cash and of course
with the football swing and big time at her again play another girl school f as you this weekend
uh and all the other games going on you want to be with the best like i said VIP sportsbook.com
open an account online and get yourself a 15% cash sign up bonus and that i mentioned they got
the highest prolly odds you'll find anywhere on the face of the globe up to 2001 so before
Armageddon strikes get that plunging in while it's hot get over to vip sportsbook.com and play
it a book with some real class call tool free to sign up at 1 866 VIP bets that's 1 866 VIP
b-e-t-s or get that 15% cash bonus by sending up online at vip sportsbook.com where you be the VIP
with your fucking yellow teeth so far apart
currently the currently the what you be doing
get me a match just like that token schmutz of thoughts
is you think because you are at home bootlegly cool
is you deflacty and shabnamy who be smart does they like how you shine their shoes
under Lisa oh the way you watch and talk the white is cause
jolted junior say he trust you can't believe you
tell our allies of the greedy oil wall but then he make you clean all the white house bathrooms
the cup of seats the toilet and then scrub the floor
who
measure you don't then oh certainly
to located make them wall over
it will grow the cup what you believe
He said, token's cool.
One day while you be flippin' fat cake, you may realize
That they're treating you just like your esterone.
That when your head will move from side to side, from the lever.
It till push and rummage, they be cracked or as old.
Come till there at 560, you know the guy that they got shot at that mobile at that exon station.
I'm so well same difference now, exonomobile.
Got it, they got shot.
So we got another ad dead person shot by a crazy ass sniper there in Fredericksburg, Maryland.
And I didn't see the press conference, did I miss it or has he just not come out yet to moose man?
Mr. Moose.
And I saw something but it looked the same as it did every other day.
And I'm sure he wasn't going to say anything.
Did he have his antlers on?
Well he never says anything.
Except when a kid got shot and he said, now you've crossed the line, you know.
And I looked the next day in the paper, the ages of the different, but it was one young woman was like in early 20s, 23 or 4.
And then there was that 72 year old woman.
And I keep asking myself, I don't understand that.
I just don't get that.
Their lives weren't worth as much.
I see.
Officials say tanker likely attacked off Yemen.
You know, like I told you before, they keep changing their story.
First we knew it was a terrorist attack.
And then well, let's not say that.
A fiery explosion aboard that French or tanker in the Arabian sea resulted from an attack on the ship.
US and French officials concluded yesterday the American said it was an act of terrorism most likely carried out by people with links to Al Qaeda.
Investigators from France, Yemen and the United States have been trying to determine what caused the blaze Sunday in the limber.
They killed one crew member and sent 90,000 barrels of oil pouring into the Gulf of Odin.
It's become clear that it's an act of terrorism.
A US intelligence official in Washington said yesterday, I'm the condition, of course, of anonymity.
Al Qaeda were considering a world tank of an economic target the official said.
Recent statements from Al Qaeda leaders would have suggested attacks on economic targets are imminent.
The attack bears a number of similarities.
They said the suicide vote strike on USS Kool in October 2002.
The official said, and we say to that, no shmit.
Wow.
How do you like that?
It bears a striking similarity.
I mean, are we sharp or what?
Are we on top of it?
Kind of like been there, done that, seen it?
How many votes we got out of the pool now on the tone of the show?
I don't know.
I think we're finally getting back on the swing of it here.
A little bit.
After a very hesitant start this morning with all that drilling going on on the floor.
320 votes.
The tone of the, uh, Niel Sho is.
It makes no difference where he does the show from 142.
The tone sucks.
We want the callers back.
131 about 41%.
That's way up from what it used to be, by the way.
So do we believe it?
Not necessarily.
Why, I took some calls.
Don't you think I took enough?
That one guy got me all pissed off.
He's not.
He's not.
He's not.
Ah, yeah.
Of course he wanted to talk about hockey.
Not.
He wanted to talk about as much about hockey as Mo wants to talk about hockey.
That's right.
Not.
Because he doesn't know anything about it.
He's too guy, damn lazy to go there.
He makes one, uh, one appearance.
Last season, toward the end of the season, they gave him a freebie to come there of course
and wind and dined and, you know, kissed his toes.
Kissed his ring.
Set around for one period, making an appearance, showing his president and got up and hauled
ass.
That's it.
Lazy.
Lazy and old.
And of course when you get to be that age, I guess you become lazy, you know, when you get
to be in your 70s.
Uh, the tone sucks.
We want the callers back.
131.
41%.
It's best when it's from Miami.
Like right now, 25.
Man, is it good or what?
I don't, I don't see, you know, for you were aggravated.
Oh, yeah.
You're right about that.
It's from Toronto 16.
That's what I voted.
And best from Amsterdam for now, why would that be?
I don't know.
Well, that's right.
I forgot.
You can't get that good weed in Toronto, right?
Yeah, you can.
Kuwaiti Group Plan more attacks.
The two Kuwaitis who attacked US Marines this week were part of a group that planned more
assaults on the Americans and interior ministry officials said today.
However, no connection with Osama, the Imam of Bin Laden, the kind of terror network has
been established yet.
The official said on condition of anonymity.
Questioning of some 60 suspects and eyewitnesses ensued the shooting that killed one Marine
injured another had led to a cell of around 15 people that was headed by Anus Al-Kandari.
There he is again, famous Anus.
One of the attackers, the official said, what was sure like his cookies, though.
In fact, let's just go blow his brains out and then we'll steal his cookies.
Al-Kandari, 21 and his 26 year old cousin, Jossam Al-Hajiri, both Muslim extremists
who trained in Florida and Afghanistan drove up and opened fire on the Marines, taken
a break from urban assault training on the island of Fylica, Falka.
10 miles off the coast, or well, we know that.
We know it.
And then they keep waffling back and forth.
After they don't tell us the truth, of course, you don't understand that, don't you?
Yeah, good.
White van scene bumping vehicles leaving the scene of that shooting in the Fredericksburg,
a white van again.
Now, do you think the white van is probably hidden out on any five right now?
I don't know.
You think they got a radio with a, like, a news station on there in that van?
Oh.
You think they got any more of those cute, tiro cards?
See, when they find that white van, I mean, I don't want to get to be one of these,
violent people, one of these angry, but, you know, I just blow their crap away right
now.
You know, just find the van and kill them.
Maybe they'll resist.
Oh, good.
We can only hope.
Oh, damn it.
It looked like they were going to resist.
Oh, wrong van?
Well.
Oh, so I think that's a good lesson for all you people out there.
Don't be filling up the, again, don't be pumping your gas.
Don't be pumping no ethyl at a station near the highway, right?
Right?
Although, of course, it's all confined up in that area so far so far so far so bad.
Passengers with box cutters paid to lesser charge in return to Bulgaria.
I guess that's a fate worse than the United's a good punishment.
A Bulgarian law student who attempted to board a plane in Atlantic City last month with
two box cutters and scissors struck a plea agreement yesterday that calls from
to leave the country.
Good.
Went in doubt, shape them out.
Nikolay V.
Zonev.
What is that?
That's a box cutter.
Oh.
Zonev, 21 plea to guilty knowingly and willfully violating airport rules.
Under the agreement with prosecutors, it was sentenced to five years probation order
to leave the country.
Zonev have been charged with the 10th of the board of plane with a concealed weapon which
carries a penalty of up to 10 years in federal prison.
If you missed the call earlier on the show where we were taking some really neat calls,
not we had some asshole that called in.
He said, oh yeah, well you know, those calls really get ponderous and hey, we got things
changing now.
It's hockey season and you know, plus it gets really ponderous every day hearing all
these stories about bush did this.
Just a bush looker, man, a professional bush licker who thinks that he can call and
influence me and tell me what I'm going to talk about on this show.
Like I'm going to lay off these fascist bastards in Washington.
You can hold your breath real long and hard on that one, baby.
Somebody's got to open up a mouth.
Jesus, cake, great.
And that's why I do read these comes because they're all from people who have the balls
to open up a mouth and tell it like it is instead of goof stepping the guy down party line.
Now kind of tapes prompt FBI warning.
Now I read this, but I don't know what color wonder today.
Do you?
Yellow.
Are you sure?
Yes.
How do you know that?
I saw a thing.
It was yellow.
Yeah.
Maybe it was most hair piece.
It's convenient, you know, it changes by the day.
It's certain that yeah.
The FBI's warning state local authorities that recent tape statements by alkydoliers may
signal at another attack on the US has been approved CBS News National Security Corp.
Dave Martin reports that alkyd has got a track record of releasing statements by
the leaders just before major attacks like the Afrokun and embassy bombings in 1998.
The White House said yesterday there were no plans to raise the tear alert level because
of the alzoari tape report CBS News Corp. John Roberts.
It is presently at yellow.
See just like I just said.
It's presently a yellow significant risk because officials don't have any specific
information detailing where and when and tech may occur.
Yellow is the third highest level of five threats.
Let's see we got yellow and then what orange and red.
Right?
I know my colors, man.
That's why we do I say today a lot because I know my colors.
But what's below the yellow?
Green would be at the bottom.
No, blue is at the bottom.
Code blue is at the bottom.
Green is the next one.
But I thought we just had co blue in Virginia.
No, I think green is at the bottom.
And if you got co blue in the hospital and you got somebody dying over here.
Green is at the bottom.
You right?
Uh huh.
Hey, you know something.
You better know your calm.
I'm going to get the bridge tender on your ass because you sure don't know your colors,
mister.
Yeah, what's wrong with you?
You better get with it.
Yeah, I like the tone of the show better here.
You know, because I get much more aggravated.
I like to talk to these corn chips I got from balance for life.
I'm going to like to tell you those damn shrooms I got.
I know there was whatever they were.
I figured what it said on the air.
All the food I've had has been magnificent.
I had the Mongolian beef the other day.
Oh, that's the best in spite of the broccoli.
And of course, you know the kind of idiot that invented Mongolian beef.
A Mongol.
A Mongolian idiot.
It's 1156 at 560 W337 votes on the pool.
Let's get that Boka Brian CD after 100 CD sold by the end of the week.
Okay, quit just downloading and stealing it.
We know what you're up to.
We know the kind of crap that you assholes pull.
You cheap bastard.
You what's how much is your charging for 15 bucks?
Well worth it at 10 times the price.
Let's get with it.
Anybody that wouldn't want all those mobs my god enough to make you crap your pants.
It's your work for Moa.
I'll tell you that.
Looks like he had another one in London.
Broiles in his pants this morning.
A pomp and a park is doing it this weekend.
They be post time tonight for live racing 715 and I just maybe a boil out of a
broil big big boil.
Of course, when you get raped that often I guess you do get boils on your ass.
You know what?
715 post time on Friday and Saturday including tonight for the first time in a 40 year
history of the tractor be free clubhouse and grand set of mission.
I'll see you in the long.
And as always see this is another reason I hate being back here.
I got to watch this idiot over there with a red in the face crawling and bouncing off
the table in there just calm down.
There's nothing so fun when you get to be in your 80s you'll have up brown stains
in your pants too like Mo.
In fact, based on the number of craps you take every day in about a week you're
praying.
In fact, when you see that that contract don't you're up.
Talk about old general yellow stain.
There are two new wages this season complain to super super with a 10 thousand dollar
bonus payout or.
Or try one of the two pick four wages at Pompa no part is I'm going to start that
craft again downstairs.
They got another hour tonight is see escape night there'll be free prize
drawings to win one of 10 trips for two on the see escape casino dinner cruise
not only the second leg of the seascape pacing series also on a program that
I have Pompa no part they 50 thousand dollar stand in states for two year old
trotters tomorrow night the 70 thousand dollar sales takes for two year old
Paces and the second leg of the fall debut pacing series I see Kevin Wallace is
back.
How's it going?
Hey Kevin.
This is the last week Pompa no part will be open only two nights because
starting next week when the October 16th Pompa no part will be open three nights
a week for your Wednesday Friday and Saturday for your plunging pleasure and
the 6th floor top of the park dining room starts up on Wednesday with its
great new menu find dining and every night that we have library seeing which
will be Wednesday Friday and Saturday and of course I'm all casting every day
seven days a week and night starting in noon Pompa no part where they're
punching like crazy don't forget post-time tonight and every night 715 p.m.
Hi, I'm Lord.
This is 4356.
You way, you way.
Where are you?
It's been 12 to 1 hour on WQ Air.
Hey, man.
It's John Walker Lins.
The American Taliban.
Let's just say without getting into specifics.
I'll be very happy when this year is finally over.
I'm facing 20 years in prison.
I'm coming to terms with the fact that I'm a traitor.
I'm even starting to deal with issues of abandonment with my parents.
But that's not the worst of it, dude.
Today I pick up the paper and they choose me.
There's no delicate way to save us.
Norickle and pack of steaming weenies.
They say I was the lover of some business dude named Zahra Hayat.
I will say this.
I'll remember this guy only slightly.
I think I met him in Frisco while I was getting my high calonik.
You know, you don't want a messy house when there's a chance of unexpected company.
But this whole thing is a real bellywackle, bro.
After reading the story, an answering four to five hundred phone calls
with people asking me to give side clocks a back rub.
I finally realized this might be my father.
Huh, her maybe it was me.
I sure saw couldn't do it now, little.
I'm so freaking loaded with so much my compass is permanently pointing south.
I'm not ruling out the fact that I could be turned on by some man can.
Like I'm not saying I wouldn't have checked this guy out in the shower.
But you gotta remember us Taliban.
We didn't take showers to you.
I didn't run from the steak and we fast enough.
So to surprise not quite sure the story's accurate.
Not quite sure it's not.
It's 12.04 at 5.60 W.M.
How do we get so far behind by the way rich factor?
I got a message for you.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah, that's a message.
How many times does he have to fax me the same thing?
Until you read it.
I was going to read it and I'm going to read it.
Although I will say this I appreciate it because I got this from several different people.
The problem being that each copy I had to clean the one he sent earlier didn't come out right for whatever reason.
Maybe the fax is like fixing itself.
You think because I noticed the pages aren't pouring out of there anymore.
I think duck gave it that evil look and we gave it the evil eye.
Yeah.
Anyway, and also rich factor quick pick it on poor Eric.
He writes on here at the bottom and Neil tell breakfast burrito boy that the title is the rest of the
illusion song not kiss an N blank this morning.
Schmuck you can write nigger on air.
Okay.
I mean what?
No, and I am evidently he must have put something on the website that tells what songs are in here.
I don't know.
He's all been out of shape because now being a celebrity since he wrote a liner notes on the back of the city rich factor.
Now he's getting very bad out of shape with fat Erica.
Will you leave his breakfast burrito alone?
Okay.
You idiot.
Everything Eric put on there.
He got from vocal Brian.
Right.
So blame that bald headed geek.
Okay.
You're always giving him grief anyway.
He's on a way in Bokobrion.
He'll be here.
Well, he stops at the gas station.
Anyway, the article says the bottom line is I don't trust this present and his advisors.
Not every Democrat is came to Bush's marty marshal fervor representative Pete Stark makes it stunningly clear.
Why he voted against the Iraq war resolution and this it's short.
Is the fiery statement delivered on the floor of the house the Wednesday by California veteran Democrat representative Pete Stark.
You go Pete.
I was here for Pete.
He says Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution authorizing military force against Iraq.
I'm deeply troubled that lives may be lost without a meaningful attempt to bring your wreck into compliance with that with UN resolutions.
You're careful and cautious diplomacy.
The bottom line is I don't trust this president and his advisors make no mistake.
We're voting on a resolution that grants total authority to the president wants to invade a sovereign nation without any specific act of provocation.
This would authorize the United States.
It's a way to act as the aggressor for the first time in our history.
It sets a precedent for our nation or any nation to exercise brute force anywhere in the world without regard to international law or international consensus.
Congress must not walk in lockstep beyond a president who's been so callous to proceed without reservation as if war was of no real consequence.
You know, three years ago in December, Molly Ivens, an observer of Texas politics wrote for an upper class white boy Bush comes on way too hard.
At a guest to make up for being an upper class white boy.
Somebody she said should be worrying about how this could affect his handling of future encounters with some Sodom Hussein.
How prophetic Miss Hi, Ivens.
I think it's supposed to say with someone like, but again, it's chopped off here at the edges.
Let us not forget that our president or commander-in-chief has no experience with the knowledge of war.
In fact, he admits that he was at best in Bivalin about the Vietnam War.
He scorted his own military service and then failed to serve out his time in the National Guard.
And he reported years later that at the height of the conflict in 1968, he didn't notice any heavy stuff going on.
He didn't notice any heavy state.
I want to know why because maybe some of the heavy stuff was going up his nose.
So we have a president of things forward territories, the opponents dug out and Casimir is a sweater.
What is most unconscionable is that there's not a shred of evidence to justify the certain laws of life.
Do the generalized threats and have truths of this administration give any one of us in Congress the confidence to tell a mother or father or family.
That the loss of their child or loved one was the name of a just cause.
Is the president's need for revenge for the threat once posed to his father enough to justify the death of any American?
I submit the answer. These questions is no.
Aside from the wisdom of going to war's bush wants, I'm troubled by who pays for his capricious adventure in the world domination.
The administration admits to a cost of around $200 billion.
Now, while the individuals won't pay, they've got big tax cuts already.
Corporations won't pay. They'll cook the books and move overseas and then send their contributions to Republicans.
Rich kids won't pay. Their daddies will get them the firmens as big George did for W.
Who then will pay? School kids will pay. There'll be no money to keep them from being left behind, way behind.
Seniors will pay. They'll pay big time as the Republicans, private, social security, and rob the trust fund to pay for the capricious war.
Medicare will be curtailed and drugs will be more unaffordable.
And there won't be any money for a drug benefit because bush will spend it all on the war.
Working folks will pay through lots of job security and bargaining rights.
Our grandchildren will pay through the degradation of our air and water quality.
And the entire nation will pay as bush continues to destroy civil rights, women's rights, and religious freedom in a rush to phony patriotism
according to the messianic Pharisees of the religious right.
The questions before the members of the South and the Wall of Americans are immense, but there are clear answers.
America is not currently confronted by a genuine proven, imminent threat from Iraq.
Their call for war is wrong.
And what greatly saddens me at this point in our history is my fear that this entire spectacle has not been planned for the well-being of the world,
but for the short-term political interest of our president.
Now, I'm also greatly disturbed that many democratically, there's also put political calculation ahead of the president's accountability to truth and reason by supporting this resolution.
But I conclude that the only answer is to vote no on the resolution before us,
said the Democratic Representative Pete Stark on Wednesday.
I've gone there Pete, you're wrong.
That's so really correct.
Right on, sweetheart.
Oh, yeah, but it's so boring here.
Oh, yeah.
No, it's better here in Laardas and all those other right-wingers, goose stepping Nazis on the air.
Much better here in them.
Suck it up and making crap up as they go along.
God forbid that anybody should deal with the truth because just like Jack Nicholson said, something about the truth.
Something about Tom Cruise and Matt Damon, Ben Affleck.
Well, and this Ben Affleck Jailow thing.
Is there anybody who believes that?
What did I tell you about her?
Whatever.
Yeah, you did.
And what I tell you about him and Matt Damon, which I never believe that.
I sure would like to watch.
It's a.
Where is the comm so disorganized here, man?
It's this place sucks.
You don't really does.
This is bad.
And they're saying that the show the tone is better for Miami.
You should live so long, folks.
You better you better learn your tones, mister, because you sure as hell don't.
Right.
10 past noon at 560 WQ.
We all have different lifestyles.
Therefore need different products to make us feel better and be healthier.
Oliomed Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with good stuff vitamins are in there minerals, herbals and other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
Look for oleumids three new formulas which are sleep weight management and coenzyme Q10.
All using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil.
Oliomed is an outstanding new product.
It's good for you.
It's available at public and records and Walgreens.
If you'd like more information call them tool free 1 866 Oliomed.
That's 1 866 65 365 66 33.
You can also order Oliomed products online at Oliomedamerica.com.
And if you visit your nearest public and purchase an Oliomed product in Broward and Dead counties, you can receive a coupon for free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll.
While supplies last.
Don't forget to visit their sampling provision at SportsThought every Sunday when the dolphins are playing a home game.
Pick up free Oliomed samples and product information.
Start feeling healthy again like isn't right now.
Get some Oliomed and start feeling great today.
My and local.
This is SportsWedioFi City.
Way to A.
Bang in the butt honey.
Hey gotta tell you soon.
Just watch the main cowboy booths and the tallies.
Torre-tally.
And see all the three in the clock.
And they chill in the socks.
These were smelly.
Torre-tally.
David Chang gave him all the stuff.
Now he's got it rough.
But they sent him to prison.
He's prison.
Looking back makes him want to stop.
Given things to farm was not a good decision.
Plus, Senator tonight he said David Chang lies on what's fine.
Cause he's lying.
He's got a god in faith.
He's fall out of the race now he's done.
Life's so unbeknownstly.
Maybe now he can buy a deli.
Cause the torch wants his flame.
Beaten that in all game for a cell.
They're all in there and of course that way we want to make them buy them.
It's a 1215 at 516 WQM.
Voker Brian's here with a lovely hair piece by the way.
That thing is just incredible.
It's a piece of hair all right.
It's a piece of something.
Yeah.
In fact you know something that's kind of the color of a piece of something.
Vindal.
359 votes on the survey so far about the tone of the world famous Neil Rogers shows we try to get this tone straight now.
Okay.
Oh, I know a tone they'd like.
Yeah.
How's that tone?
Oh, that's a sandy patent tone.
It makes no difference where he's doing it.
See the whole I don't think the question was phrased properly.
You think?
Sure.
It makes no difference where he is 156.
The tone says we want the colors back 147 still 41%.
I think about 100 of those are cranked.
Best from Miami 30, best from Toronto 20, and best from Amsterdam 4.
I guess if I would have done more shows from Amsterdam, they would have had more votes right?
No question.
Although I couldn't have been very good because I was reading that awful air there and choking and gagging at least on two of those shows.
In between having a fluid being sick all the time.
What is that?
Is that a skeleton?
Is that PD Lennie's hand?
How could you know that?
Who would other asshole would be doing something like that?
What other moron would be doing that instead of out selling the show since we have so many evils on this show?
What other schmuck would have it stick?
Get him out of here.
Slend the door on his hand.
Okay.
Rob Boker.
Stand on the door on his thing.
Schmuck.
You see, you know what the problem is?
I gave him a little bit of encouragement because the joke about the about the scock in Scrooans Crops.
That was kind of amusing, you know.
That isn't quite the way he told it, but I, you know.
I still think it's old.
It is old, but it's kind of cute.
What about the smell?
He won't mind.
Yeah, what's wrong with that?
Okay, this is not even slightly amusing this thing.
And it's a Skippy to clown.
What is this supposed to mean?
Skippy to clown.
I know we got Skippy in the sale.
Is that what it's supposed to be?
I guess what's the sign on his hand there?
Please help me.
I see.
And it looks to me like he's been getting plenty of asses and probably from that little idiot type of thing.
And he's got a lot of stuff.
He's got a lot of stuff.
He's got a lot of stuff.
He's got a lot of stuff.
He's got a lot of stuff.
He's got a lot of stuff.
He's got a lot of stuff.
He's got a lot of stuff.
He's got a lot of stuff.
He's got a lot of stuff.
He's got a lot of stuff.
He's got a lot of stuff.
He's got a lot of stuff.
He's got a lot of stuff.
And here's a fact for George.
See, I see the kind of stuff that goes on when I'm out here now because I think you're the one that's peeling these factions off the machine.
George ain't in here, okay?
He's back in his little room there.
His room closet with Bulkabrine and his wig.
Which is starting to move around a little bit.
And now, is that the same old one that you just gave a haircut to?
Yes.
Oh.
I thought the old one was like more blondish.
No.
No.
That's it.
Maybe kind of like give it a little...
Don't get a septic tank to change the color a little bit.
That's it.
Oh, that's it.
That is you, man.
That is you.
Pick up your head a second.
Oh, is that...
It's Ted Couple.
It is sensational.
Ted Couple and how do you do it?
I'll wrap it into one ball of schmutz.
Anyway, this is from DJ Valentine.
Oh, good guy.
Says this website I get a majority of my info.
Superherohype.com.
What is this baby crap all about?
Oh, it's about the pole that we did.
Oh.
So there's a fact for it.
It'll be in a waste basket if you want to take it out.
There's one for D-fo in there too.
Oh, here's a bad story.
This is depressing.
All of the guy was pretty old, you know.
A real estate lawyer with oral and bladder cancer died less than three months after winning a $37.5 million jewelry award against three major cigarette makers.
He was 77.
This is from Coral Gables, no less.
John Luke Axe, who had testified in June,
when he wouldn't likely live long enough to see any of the award, died at his home Monday.
And here it is Friday and the AP just get around to this now.
The award came in a compensatory damage claim that grew at a $145 billion punitive verdict covering all six Florida smokers two years ago.
These multi-billion dollar claims against the tobacco companies.
This is ludicrous.
And I'll say it again.
If only.
And then this shows you the kind of loony tunes country we live in every day.
In that article yesterday in or Wednesday in USA today about fat.
And then we head to again on the show yesterday.
More and more people were getting fat about a second.
You can almost see us like expanding right before your eyes.
If they would only force the food manufacturers to put on a guy name labels the dangers and the skull and crossbones on there and the sugar and all the hidden carbs and all the other crap that refine carbohydrate garbage that's making everybody balloon up to like gigantic size.
Then there might be some credibility there, but they don't give a crap in addition to which last time I checked cigarettes aren't illegal.
They're not illegal.
So how can you sue somebody for a product that's been approved for commercial sale and then say, well, you're killed us and you didn't give us enough information.
If you're that stupid that you can't read the warning on it says if you smoke this packet you're going to die.
If that isn't enough for you then what can I tell you I have no sympathy for those people.
It's like people that eat like tubs and tubs of Nestle's turtle ice cream.
You know, taste good.
Taste a lot better than them.
Damn stinky packets that people are smoking all I will say this is good.
But considering how old this is, you know, that's been in there been in there for a coincidence because we haven't had any news to girls.
Well, we don't have any cigar responses on this show anymore and I won't take any.
Not that we're going to get any but I'm just I wouldn't take any because smoking anything is bad for you other than that wicked weed.
Now we will have Steve M do in some spots starting next week.
I think time created it out.
And you know what they say about Todd stupid.
5 6 7 let's take some more calls this hour.
Okay, we had a couple of calls in there.
I really got this show gone.
All over before we do that.
I got a for you.
How did I save this to this far down?
Radio sit to get a major tune up.
Are you familiar with this?
No.
Well, this is you better listen very carefully and you have something put in your new contract about this, which you're not going to get.
I mean, you'll get someday.
Maybe federal regulators gave the go ahead yesterday for digital radio.
Oh, I did hear about that.
Sorry.
A proving a plan to modernize the medium with better sound and new features for personalized programming.
The FCC voted for the zip to adopt digital radio technology created by I Biquity digital corporation.
Is that how they pronounce it?
Because it's got like a little I you know like I vote tronic and I Biquity digital corporate a company back by large broadcasts including ABC and Viacom.
Grave robbers CBS news.com is part of I come and this of course is on their website.
The commissioners enthusiasm by the way that mentioned escape sucks all you people out there and escape blows Internet Explorer is the way to go right right on what's what's
Gate what's Gate walks sucks.
It says we don't get many items where it's a win win for everyone.
There's no downside commissioner Kathleen Abernathy be saying radio has changed little for decades.
Oh, that's what you think radio has changed little for decades thanks to this very same FCC.
It's become a sewer like a septic tank FCC chairman Michael Paul said he's heartened that such a dramatically forward technologies in store before I continue with this which is very important for people since they're listening to the radio right now.
I'm assuming or listening on the Internet but same difference.
So what did the beast tell you while he was in their eating his lunch about what?
Now come on don't not play he must have told you something some juicy stuff like yeah Bush would say some juicy details in quotes.
No, he didn't say anything about that issue.
No, no.
Well, you're not a very good detective then man we were eating he was eating.
That's why you'll never be real fat saying you never be a fat person because fat people just like me I can do the show I can eat I can like tell gossip by all the different things at the same time and keep
Oh drive the car take a dump I mean anything you name it.
No, I've never have done that but I'm sure that I know fat people on a one-room gym and say name.
You can just see them in there with a bucket of chicken you know.
Not between their knees with the TV tray.
No, no, just a bucket between their knees you have to kind of like spread your likes anyway when you're taking a good nap.
I can see them in there and the kernel is smiling back at him.
He's holding his nose though.
He's got a he's got a close put on his nose the old kernel.
And he said oh it's finger looking good.
Oh man you can't admit you can't envision fat boy in there with a couple of big max.
I can see right now turkey leg turkey leg would be good.
I can't envision it right now anyway I'm thrilled and excited to see radio wagon train finally get to do this.
I'm excited Michael Paul said of course the start of what's his name there Colin Adam Clayton my was name it.
The approval allows radio stations to immediately begin broadcasting digital signals.
They will probably take a few months for the first actions to start and you can believe if across money we're not going to be one of them.
Digital radio could be the biggest update to the medium since the debut of FM in the 40 said Ken Mueller radio curator at the Museum of TV and radio in New York.
Mueller said the like FM which didn't become popular until the 70s it's going to take quite some time to phase in.
And it's going to take a long time here because the bees these will have to raise the money.
We're not talking and I'll have to sell a banjo is first we're not talking 30 years here we said we have to wait till people start getting receivers to pick this up.
Manufacturers plan to sell digital receivers for car studios and high-end audio systems starting next year adding about a hundred bucks to the price of a traditional unit.
It's unfair how soon digital technology may include important radios.
The I've equity technology laws broadcasters to use their existing airways sending digital analog radio simultaneously since stations won't need a new place in the radio band and there's no cutoff date for analog service listeners without digital radios won't have their favorite stations go silent.
If you had a black and white TV in your local stations that are broadcasting in color your black and white TV still worked.
So the president of a equity Robert Struble but if you wanted to high quality new picture got to go by color TV it's the same with digital radio.
And basically what it says is new technology will bring CD quality sound FM broadcast and the static for AM and new data features how do you like that.
Like it'll have the age when you're listening the morning show will have like a 73 on a screen that will be was a crawl.
Of course I don't know if this stuff's going to be available if most will be here by that time.
Couple of months.
No no no.
Duff did come in here write the book.
I like that.
The 21st was I write and I have the right to nailed it Monday the 21st which today I'll see it's a week from Monday will be the summer book.
Oh hallelujah that I'm going to make a big project of that boy.
Think worth whim in fact that's probably what Greg is dragging a seat on your contract about.
He wants to see what kind of a number you had.
You know what I'm saying you better hope that I bailed your ass out in September you better hope we had a big September debate your little aguava eaten a spiky.
Nass because otherwise we got real tourists and of course that morning show if that thing continues to take the tank.
I think somebody might say to more hate tanks but no tanks.
See you.
See it all into my race house.
If he says that again this weekend I'm going I may I may take a couple weeks off as a matter of protest see all those guinea grinders out there.
They're all been out of shape about that silly thing with a soprano's marching that parade the ought to be upset that here's a guy supposed to know something about football and he's calling him Olindo Maurei.
You better learn your Italian mister because you sure don't right.
Olindo Maurei my ass and by the way handset he knows Olindo sister or something like that and it's Maurei everybody knows that.
Volka Brian's going to be doing full array we're going to have that song in here in a couple of days you got it he's working on it full array with the medical madounil wood I'm sorry the medical madounil.
1227 at 560 WQM is there anybody in the world who hasn't plunged in their guts at VIP sportsbook.com how about Gary Sarner he's an asshole let me tell you you're missing out on a really fine sportsbook if that's the case they're really fine.
You're a lot of ads these days but you need to do some research before you put your harder and cash down it's a month stable third world sportsbooks say like in highly a garden some awful place like that.
Let me help you out VIP sportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs their Dutch base to one of the first online sports books ever come down the pike.
And of course if that day comes when you go on a roll over lifetime at that time you want to be with the best sportsbook going which of course unquestionably is VIP sportsbook.com.
And with the football season going big and now hockey starting again you want to pledge at VIP sportsbook.com open your account online and get yourself that 15% cash sign up bonus and don't forget VIP sportsbook.com offers you the highest probably you'll find anywhere up to 2001.
So get over to VIP sportsbook.com and pledge it a book with class that you can trust call tool free to sign up 1 866 VIP bets.
That's 1 866 VIP bets or sign up online and get you that 15% cash bonus just go to VIP sportsbook.com online and click it on VIP sportsbook.com or you be the VIP.
5 and a local this is 5.6.3 is all yours.
You win.
The butt I smell it.
The hero.
Pulling foul is the message.
He grow.
The hero.
Pulling foul be your right wing.
Swole.
Shining the shoes of white man.
Bulls.
Howl is the message.
He grows.
Spreads his cheeks to his to his to his.
Howl.
Pulling foul is the message.
He grows.
Stepping in fetch and at the whim of his white man.
Pulling foul is the message.
He grows.
He goes to the needs of the globalist.
Rackers.
Pulling foul is the message.
He grows.
And a drop foul.
Some survey uncool.
Pulling foul is the message.
He grows.
A twisty, flat, straight, movement, spook.
Pulling foul is the message.
He grows.
Yo.
Pulling big, pulling big, pulling big, pulling big.
Pulling be your slave, knee, knee, roll.
Yes.
Pulling foul.
Yo, that what do we do?
All right.
It's got 16 stars.
It's number one with 14 bullets already.
1233 at 560.
You know what else is on here?
That we've been looking for?
And Mo would be proud of this.
Your organ grinder.
Probably you trained monkeys up there without the monkey.
Oh, is there one with the monkey?
Oh, yeah.
They're like a monkey one better.
Maybe we'll take a poll on that with whom you like that.
With it without.
Roll.
Roll.
Roll.
Roll.
The guy that I went with a 26-minutes of the battle
I said, although you remember the normally
free of charge on every single load that you enjoy on
where are they can take no calls if you don't have any
five six seven o five sixty
pound five sixty on the eighteen ten barrage on how about those panthers
all of that
yeah let's do that guy favor to some panther talk it will be knocking the
president so much
by the way when cigarettes become harder to buy more minor steal them
i just thought i mentioned that she would have shocked yeah and that's
surprising
that it you i am
how you don't okay great
but
please stop all the reading
oh my god i've been listening for twenty years sometimes it gets a
little bit
about you know they'll be reading it
i mean i'm not slamming it i love you yeah i'm still here
but but you gotta mix it up a little bit
well that's what i'm doing today i'm mixing it up
okay to get a
head called as i mean we're all fuck out here you know we still listen
i still love your show i don't agree with your politics all the time i put up
with all the
left wing leanings and the bashing of the right well wait a minute wait a minute
we'll put you put up with the left wing i don't understand what that means
in other words i mean no the show's very political now i don't think yeah well
that's because there's a lot of heavy duty crap going on that's wrong
yeah and your eyes but you know the list is
a lot of what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what
so in other words the fact that we're about to attack your rack the fact that
we have all this economic turmoil going on and people losing their life
in other words it's only in my eyes that there's heavy duty crap going on
on maybe i invented it and nail 13 years ago you were behind the golf war
and i used to listen to you that was behind the golf war because they invaded another country
they invaded Kuwait what the hell is that got to
and in other words and in other words so so the so the fact that we were against them
invading another country now we should support this country invading them
is that the idea so they invade in my eye they invaded us on September 11th
and a wait a minute what evidence of you got that's that a rack had anything to
sure you're an idiot okay you're just another one that bush quizzlings and you're
another good one i'm glad i took those two calls there what a job they've done yeah
no it's not a quentin no you don't understand
it didn't have to do any job in other words
lead us to the water and we'll suck it up even if we know there's arsonic in it
because we want to believe whatever you tell us there is absolutely no evidence
15 of the 19 goddamn hijackers on 9-11 came from Saudi Arabia
our good allies our good post-personal bodies would have been a batch mothas on her heads
man oh man there wasn't one single Iraqi involved in that attack there was no
Iraq attack the dumb isn't that kind of Muslim
hey in fact if you if you're really it's a little bit too complex for you sir
just take a look in the pictures okay pictures should be easy for you to figure out
look at the picture of son of a little mustache there's no beard there's not
that not that kind of head year okay that's how you have to see no beard no
shmata head year and then you know he's not one of them you know anything to do with them
they want to kill him they they would love to kill him and they would also love for us to
win there and start this hysteria to get all their fanatical Muslims all over the world
whipped up into a frenzy this is the this will be the culmination of just exactly what
Osama Yama hope to start with 9-11 that's exactly what he wanted
and assholes like you are saying oh yeah well this is reverend for see this is what they're
playing on this is what they the fascist stuff they are playing on is your emotion
and that's why this last September 11th the 1 year anniversary boy they played it up to the
hilt played it to the hilt and here's Carl Roe says what you don't try to sell a new product in
august what a great line that was what a what a rare moment of honestly yeah slipped right out
don't try to sell a new product so in other words to come 9-11 though in September when you know
the dog days of summer over and everybody's back to viness that's when you start pushing heavy
duty and brainwashing the masses out there because the masses most of them are just like this guy
see the people that don't want me to read this stuff are the people he puts up with my left wing
leanings i love that i'm not anymore left wing now that it was 10 years ago 20 years ago whatever
you're talking about it's just that i don't have i don't feel that i'm doing any kind of anything
productive sitting here talking to a bunch of bozos every day saying oh Joey's a douchebag there's
nothing interesting about that it's not productive it's not interesting it's not amusing it's not
a radio show okay now guarantee every day one o'clock in Toronto when the end of that show came
when i was up there i felt like i just accomplished something worthwhile and yeah it's ponderous
reading i understand it but i'm i'm sorry i'm not that kind of i'm first of all there aren't that
many hours in the day i don't have this vast staff i wonder my friend lindsay mules i i don't
know what kind of people she's got working but they got to be the best because her website is
sensational it's all her brain says is it really she's phenomenal she must not sleep she must
spend every waking moment looking for the most incredible stories and she puts the links to him
right there i probably get more stuff off her website than anything else stuff that people need
to know but i'm just i don't have the time and the day to do the research to be able to pour
through all of this stuff and then to be able to articulate and go into a rambling commentary i
need story this is why i'm reading my edition of which most of the people whose columns i'm reading
like nick christoph and all these other people are and molly ivens are a hell of a lot more articulate
and bring it to the olive tree where they're gonna hear that on the broadcast media they're not and
they're not gonna read any of this business about day old news where the hell we're getting day old
news what's day old what does this man talking about he's just making crap up like that day it's
because he doesn't want to hear it okay i'm telling you right now sir in fact it's the new into one
hour this is the hour and all good right wingers like you are supposed to be listening to that death
fat ass over there on nine or whatever he's on six ten or that uh real lunatic that self-aggrandizing
who hasn't got to eat i don't think he even spelled his name right because he's just a master
of misinformation and egotistical pop his little ass bill or Riley but there you got all the right
wingers you can want they're all over the place this supposedly liberal media that we got all
that anybody has got to do is say anything and disagreeing with this fascist regime we got in
power now who stole a freaking election right here in your backyards by the way that wasn't good
enough to convince you god forbid anybody should end and like that one guy said oh i couldn't
relate to the people of order for gory well good i'll see in church okay i'll see it armageddon time
and believe me i'm not buying your crap okay it'll probably won't be jesus either it'll be cat
stevens dressed up as jesus you're not fooling me oh yeah i have one i'll not he's he's into buying
whatever new piece of crap is popular at the moment jesus cat stevens and jesus he's even pigano's
chinese he said the dog is in the kettle that's his new song coming up
20 till one and there is it the skunkers in the kettle that's its grand house
man that was pd leony who said that screway not me i'm not the one said pd leony said that he said
something really stink something uh what's that line in the song something aid right here something
something in the screway and some mobile play it we'll find out spiderwey speaking of the Chinese
folks are good personal friends how about the emerald coast chinese buffet there are no dogs
on a menu there i'll tell you Richard wouldn't put up with that there's maybe some dogs in their
eating in fact some of those big porkers who always show up at all of a face they're there and the
reason that they're there is because they know the food is sensational at the emerald coast whether
you're skinny whether you're already a big tub of crap or whether you're just in between all you
have to do the eat the emerald coast is be hungry for some delicious food they got a real feast
waiting for you they got three locations sunrise north line beach and the newest location in
prestigious pemberpines dirt your meal with a choice of six different soups then sample dozens
and dozens of succulent entrees or annual surf and turf on the weekend with lasking king crab
and New York strip made an order and of course be sure and check out that gourmet center
assembling Asian grill featuring teriyaki steak shrimp chicken seafood and hand carb prime rib
it is unbelievable the emerald coast buffet promotes healthy living too because they cook all of
their fine cuisine with cholesterol free oils and there's no crap there there's no MSG there's no uh
i just told you the joke about what about the skunk and over faith features a full salad bar new
suci bar and fresh room cocktail too one requirement try to save some room for desserts or take
along your crowbar to open up your pants because the dessert bar is amazing featuring pies and cakes
pastry of pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit it's a perfect end
to an unforgettable meal three locations like i said you'll find an emerald coast in sunrise
pine island of 44th Collins Avenue just north of 163rd north line beach and at the intersection of
activations take out and live available as well call 954 5723822 we've had the number right now
nice going air skipping 954 5723822 for more info on the amazing emerald coast and look for the new
oriental chicken salad too
oh
we're sports radio 516
ua m
Friday you bastard
screw on
you see black man with some water all age
bro
a big black man with a special name
it's got between your thighs
screw on
you
Screw it!
You beat the bitch up, bang tonight!
I smack your hands and bruise up your mind in the way you like!
Screw it!
You get my bone so long and strong!
You carry their buttons to okay it, no pair if it's wrong!
You got it, you wife!
You just beat my son!
It's kind of bitch we lie!
You know how to do it right!
You gotta take with those edges out!
No!
14-1-560, I always wonder what that white strub was down her right leg, you know?
Screw in.
Here's the fact that says don't listen to that guy, you show rocks with no colors.
All the articles are interesting and informative.
It's nice to hear articles from other newspapers and such.
Thanks for keeping it up love, Ajah!
How do you like that?
Hey, man.
Why are somebody out there as a happy campus?
See, I don't take any of this very seriously because, you know, anything that is good,
this town are like in the first place, you know?
And if it sucks, it's just like Pavel Burry in the Panthers.
Oh, we didn't need him, he had a bad attitude, you're right.
Right.
And then we got people writing crap in the newspapers,
they wouldn't know a hockey puck if you stuck a dozen of them up their ass like Dave Hyden, Dave Joseph.
Who the hell are you guys, kid man?
I read better stuff in the toilet paper from Germany, I was reading about the other day, remember that?
I read better stuff on there and had better brought worse.
Who are you guys, kid man?
Strickly the bushes, that's the amazing thing boy.
You go and you live somewhere else for a few months and you come back here and you realize
bush league is, it's to use that term in regard to this town is like an insult to all bush league places.
Just incredible, religious big brother contestants will sacrifice goat and fast for a week.
Housemates in a religious version of Big Brother in Holland will set aside tasks such as sacrificing a goat and fasting for a week.
The program provisionally titled the Ambi will bring 12 people of different religions together in an old Abbey for 13 weeks.
And by the way, before I go on with this story, that guy and the other one before also.
The reason he's not listening to art and not listening to Bill O'Reilly and not listening to G Gordon Litty is because of the fact he couldn't turn his show off if you paid him.
He's obsessed with this program.
And if you think that give me a suck it up to me, whoa, listen to you for years and I really like your butt butt butt butt.
Too bad.
I'm not saying what you want me to say, I'm saying they pay me to say what I want to say, what I think.
Not what you think.
That's another reason why the caller is suck, okay?
Producers told Demorgan the program is intended to highlight the need for more demotion, I'm sorry.
For more dialogue between different religions.
And they hope it will also encourage people to be more spiritual and seek a deeper meaning to their lives.
Dutch station NCRV hopes it will be screened next year.
There will be a weekly program showing highlights from the Abbey plus brief daily updates.
A spokesman said the participants will not be filmed for 24 hours a day.
They'll get some privacy for the laughter and perform some tasks as the ritual killing of a goat and fasting for a week.
Woo!
Man, of course, you know, in Holland that's easy because the food's so bad anyway.
So I've heard.
Oh, and by the way, I'm coming back on air candidate to the Abbey.
And evidently in the magazine they got, you know, the early airlines had their crappy magazines.
They're doing a series of comparisons between each issue to cities, to major cities around the world.
And this one was Montreal against Amsterdam.
And so far all the cities they've rated, Paris was number one which, and then Amsterdam was just behind.
New York was way behind that and then Montreal was way way behind.
But the one thing I wasn't aware of is the fact are you aware that the French fries are double deep fried?
Where?
In Holland.
The ones that they all rave about?
Oh, and that's the biggest thing going over there.
That's because the rest of the food sucks so bad.
But they're double deep fried.
So cafes, and I tell you about the thing that Rimmer got that day a fries on the damn rack.
It was enough to feed the Chinese army.
And I think he finished it.
Oh man.
And you can pull whatever you like on that.
I got a whole bunch of different toppings that you can put under.
They got like the brown sauce and the mayonnaise and the different stuff.
Curry.
Kid Curry.
Saw Kid Curry before, by the way, he's glad to have me back.
I guess because he liked the cigar smoke.
And that's right.
A couple of them, it's about that by the way.
I'm bigger friend.
A couple of people mentioned it.
Send one.
Said what a wonderful aroma they walk past the door.
Well, here's another one for you.
It's a good thing they didn't come in here right now because, well, you know, I had that little bit of a,
that I'm less this morning.
It was very bad from balance for life.
That mushroom mom left, but all those egg farts, man.
I, I, he, he, he thought I was joking.
I told him before and he was in here.
You better get out of here quickly because I just fart real bad.
And since you left, believe me, there have been more on the way.
Just deposited right in this seat of my head.
Flip this wig from there.
He was using it as a face mask.
You know something that's right.
If we ever have a chemical or biological attack, Valkybryon will be safe.
If he's walking around with that piece, it will double as a face mask.
Nothing.
Nothing gets you that baby.
I'll tell you that.
Woo!
405 votes on our pool.
The tone of Neil's show is it makes no difference to me where he'd be doing a show.
173 said that.
43%.
The tone sucks.
We want the colors back.
162%.
40%.
It's best from Miami 40, best from Toronto 22, best from Amish that on 6 with those double deep pride fries.
Am I that low?
This is one of the three of you.
You way up.
Friday you bestie.
Oh, that has roly-please go away.
Find a new way to attack of a big old home and eat your whole homes.
Till you explode.
Cuts like your fat fat churn and ladies have to bite your seats on a plane.
He's failing your fingers that have yellow stain from sea to answer your toes.
Ask your picky who knows.
Grounds to be fat disgusting and tasty.
Oi, oi.
You make the sure that women smile.
They like a cow who's mad and sad.
They think smelly, fat, so repulsive and mild.
Your body cheese smells like a grapple.
After it was occupied by head, pass learning a shoe or two get into your car.
Cuts your two got them wide.
Onkin squeal, onkin squeal, onkin squeal, fat lady.
Diving with your lover less mean.
Slavering and stortin' the tree between her knees.
This potato yeast.
Smells fishy to me.
Daffin' of a tuna that's moist and tasty.
Now, what did you just tell me?
I wasn't following that and I was trying to go fast because the bit was ending.
Who was doing this? Howard.
Mo? Yeah.
Chris, he said shut the F up during a dolphin banquet or something like that.
Whatever it was, the Playboy party.
Well, that's very unprofessional of you, S. Me.
Almost as unprofessional as that little factor that ball or crap, the beast.
Don't ever let him on you, a girl, whatever your name is.
What was it, culture?
Something like that.
Here's an article, Catecute, if we have time, I hope.
Frank Serrbino in the Palm Beach Post, I can barely understand nudity laws, he says.
I'm a student of nudity laws, which never fail to be entertaining in vocabulary building.
We've been lucky here in Palm Beach County to be treated to some gems.
The town of Palm Beach fought in vain for seven years to keep an ordinance that prohibited men from jogging topless.
And a legal case over at Topless Dona Chopin in West Palm Beach, remember that?
Live this on groundbreaking discussions of the donut as entertainment.
Nudity laws are wonderfully verbose, you might even say discernibly turgid with words.
Palm Beach County's ordinance defines the limits of breast exposure and a sentence that carries on for a dizzying 79 words.
Now I got a hand at the Daytona Beach, which is just past a city nudity ordinance that says,
Fractional standards.
Daytona's law will require women to cover at least one quarter of their breasts, and everyone to cover at least one third of their rear ends while in public.
Daytona frequent destination for bikers, college kids and other hellraisers will begin finding public flashes as much as 500 bucks to logos into a fact next week, just in time for the rowdy, bite tober fest.
This will obviously put a damper on the annual biker tradition of nude wrestling and Nevada coals law.
When nude coals law wrestling is outlawed, only outlaws will wrestle nude and coals law.
Daytona's new journal commas Mark Lane told me, lamenting the turn of events in his city.
But I was more intrigued by the fractional definitions of nudity.
You see, the only certain thing about nudity laws is that creative ways people find a circumvent them.
For example, when Seminole County passed an anti-nudity club three years ago, a local strip club got surrounded by performing Shakespeare's Macbeth in the nude,
thereby using a first amendment exemption for nudity that occurs about performing a work of art.
So I began wondering how these nude fractions in Daytona might play out.
Let's say you cover half a one-breast, a quarter more than required.
Does this mean you get to leave the other one bare?
In other words, will nudity be transferable like unused cell phone minutes can be under some calling plans?
I got a copy of the ordinance, which was specific to the point of being undisservable.
Botox means the area at the rear of the body, which lies between two imaginary lines,
running parallel to the ground when a person is standing.
We're just getting started.
The first or top such line drawn at the top of the cleavage of the nates and the second or bottom line,
drawn at the lowest visible point of this cleavage or lowest point of the curvature of the fleshy protuberance,
whichever is lower in between two imaginary lines on each side of the body,
which lines are perpendicular to the ground, and the horizontal lines described above them,
which perpendicular lines are drawn through the point at which each nate needs the other side of the leg.
That's the end, literally.
Now as long as you can figure that out, how to cover a third of that, you'll be fine in Daytona, he writes,
in the days Palm Beach Post.
Mad Dog's coming along next, fully closed, thank goodness,
and then we got Hank and Eddie Kaye.
Thank God covered up Amply at called to this afternoon, three o'clock,
and then we got all that football crap coming up.
Bye, bye, bye!
The Roger Show on Fives, Tony QAF, Miami for LaData.
It just felt like a prick.
