We will have a great day, Mom.
Don't look your head.
www.2am.com
Jesus Christ.
The doctor that formed the surgery on the J.Feeblestump.
Is it the same doctor that formed the procedure on your toupee?
The doctor who performed the surgery, let's think about that.
What's his name?
Client?
Feeblestump.
I don't know who he used.
He used George Colwell.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure where he went.
Where he went.
Did you go to Holy Cross?
I didn't read it.
Not sure.
Well, bottom line is that doctors can't tell how long he was going to be out.
No, you're not sure.
Somewhere in Leastamont could be up to eight weeks.
Somewhere in there.
Wally on the wall with your own Q&A.
Look back a little more.
How would it be to show to the door?
God!
For the pipe smoker was stopping in on me about a custodious today.
Saving so, Mom?
Yeah.
What the hell is she know about men's sports?
How?
Oh, yeah, Mom!
Well, a gulf is for men.
And that's that.
Keep them broads in the kitchen where they belong.
Otherwise they could wind up like Dynashore.
And you know what happened to her?
And how, Mom?
Yeah.
And that's the way it ought to be in a custer.
Muster.
And another thing.
Those two of them and his got me dead.
They got me being raped with it repeatedly.
Oh, how it's so funny.
It ain't them.
Well, I say it is.
See?
The speaker's producing them.
And then pipe smoking.
Just guzzling me.
He was singing on them.
But it's not.
Shut up.
Stop.
Oh, my.
What do you think I'm stupid?
No, sir.
I tell you how I notice.
Cos anybody who sings has got to be a little...
...effemidant, you know?
Like you hew.
You hew.
But that's not always.
Well, I say it is.
I'll show that just as a whos boss.
I all have you now.
I once had breakfast with President Nixon.
Here.
You see this pen?
He gave me this pen when I just won in 69.
And I kept it hidden up my ass for all these years.
Yeah.
There's socket on me.
Yeah, I don't want to see it.
Go, go.
And smell it.
Kiss it.
I said, kiss it.
I had a fair with David Abouillet.
You ain't too bad.
All right.
All right.
I'll see you here, your mutton heads.
I'm going to show you just how gay it is to sing.
You jizz-guzz-lin' June.
I really hate you.
For singing those songs, I think it's wrong.
Where did the bits you do?
If the pain, that's what this shows all about.
If the pain, am I right?
What's wrong with it?
I don't want you to be right.
Hey.
Put your clothes back on.
It's a barrisket.
I can't help it, though.
Hey, you got it.
No.
I got it.
No.
Come on.
You'll be great.
What's going on here?
Help me.
The rape of me at last.
Help me.
Don't you hear my body, bitch?
No.
No, don't.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Squirt, squirt.
904-560-W-Q-I-M.
On a great Tuesday.
Happy Tuesday, too, yeah.
We're having a great time here today.
I'll tell you that.
It's not even just barely after 9 o'clock.
How do you like that?
Not to make me flip my lid if I had one.
940 votes on a poll yesterday.
El Presidente, not too popular with this crowd, I'll tell you.
President Bush's approval rating is about 63%.
What do you like about him the most we asked yesterday?
Absolutely nothing.
He's a disaster.
630.
That's 67%.
That's two thirds.
The other third.
You've turned.
He's not a flaming liberal.
172 said that.
All our right-wing audience, 18.2%.
Not a flaming liberal.
In other words, anybody but a liberal would be great with them.
His handling of the world, terrorism is 76%,
eight percent.
His stuff stand on Iraq, 48%,
five percent, and his handling of the economy.
14.1.4%.
Pretty weak in this crowd.
And thank goodness for that.
That's good news.
Here's more good news.
Of course, we had another shooting last night,
which is bad news, but before we get to that.
More good news.
A new poll says,
Governor Jeb Bush and Democratic Challenger Bill McBride
are in a statistical dead heat three weeks before Election Day.
Oh!
And you like that?
I like it.
Titer and tighter and of course,
that loose lip of Jeb, man, kind of like,
may have sent him back a little bit.
Those in tempered comments a couple of weeks ago?
You know the ones I mean and quote, yeah.
An MSNBC Zogby poll released over the weekend.
Jeb Bush has the support of 48% of voters,
McBride has the support of 45,
48 to 45.
Read that and weep.
Seven percent of the 500 likely voters
who were surveyed between October 8 and 10
said they were undecided.
The survey had a margin of error of 4.5%
of points, which places the race in a statistical dead heat
on the eve of a one hour radio debate.
He better get Katherine Harris warmed up for this.
Yeah, forget about her election over there in Sarasota.
You better come back to a Tallahassee, honey,
because we're going to need you again on November 5 looks like.
The survey last month had the Bush leading by 10 points.
McBride campaign manager Kathy Kelly called the survey pretty much
on target while the Bush campaign's books
been taught Harris downplay the results.
This is not a state that under any circumsize,
anyone gets a landslide here, is said.
There are going to be a lot of polls.
We're going to bounce up.
We're going to bounce down.
When a doubt bounce on this, the 11 a.m.
debate broadcast on 35 radio stations in Florida
from a soundstage at Universal Studios should reach an audience
of about a million people said Jim Pulling,
director of operations at Florida Radio Networks
and the debates organizer final televised debate is scheduled
next weekend or Lando.
How do you like that?
It's only three points apart.
And who knows?
And the momentum is going the mole is going the other way.
You know what I mean by mole?
The doctor that performed the surgery on J.
Fiedler's thumb.
Didn't need the same doctor that performed the procedure
on your QP.
Anyway, here's our poll for today.
See, actually what happened is that Robert must
have hit the wrong button there because the word I'm here
is that that got dumped on the ear.
We need a lot more calls like that on Moe's show.
We get at least a five share if we can do that in men.
And speaking of that, boy, the next market on your
calendar's boys and girls next Monday.
Maybe that's that aroma I smelled when I came in the
hall this morning.
Maybe that was Moe's wig.
But boy, the pressure in this building is mounting and
mounting and mounting.
You can see Kathy Willow's never got mounted as much as this.
Man, heavy, heavy duty.
As we approach that big, big day, I know we've had trends
and he had trends don't mean that much.
That's why Tom Jikker don't write about trends.
He also don't write about radio because he had upon his
radio.
He had a bad streak there at Calder a couple of weeks ago.
He had upon his radio a little time.
He's not listening right now.
He can't afford a radio.
Tom Jikker.
Maybe we can trade him one out.
But the trends don't mean much, but the summer book,
the entire waiting book will be out on Monday, 11.30
in the morning.
So by noon, a week from yesterday, man, this place is going to be
a wow.
And then of course, little Maddie Bell will be running around
in the days after that.
Probably a week from today or maybe a week from tomorrow,
right?
Well, we get the tap scan or whatever the hell they call it.
And we get the day parts in the hour by hour.
And we see who's been naughty and who's been nice.
How George did this summer?
How Moe is doing in the morning?
The mayor of the morning?
In paradise?
Star stage screen in paradise?
How do you think he's doing?
Anyway, here's our poll question for today.
The doctor that performed the surgery on...
No, that's on it.
Which group of people do you think has been most unfairly
stereotyped by TV in the movies?
And of course, we asked this one.
He's got a lot of people on the heels of the big, much
you do about nothing.
The Columbus Day parade, you notice Mayor Bloomberg,
he laid out...
He laid out.
Oh, and they're starting to hammer again downstairs.
Just as this show starts.
Do you hear that?
I hear it.
He's starting to hammer and then tinker with it again downstairs.
I've been here since 7.05.
There wasn't a tap.
There wasn't a sound.
Other than that sound that kept coming from that direction there.
There wasn't the slightest tinkle.
And now that the near Rogers show is starting,
they're dicking around again downstairs.
I don't want to say it's like some kind of
kamipenko conspiracy, but...
What the hell's going on down there?
God damn it.
You maniacs, you lunatics there.
Can I get this pull out before we do the break?
Because Eric, I'm sure, is on...
Pins and needles up there.
Wouldn't you think?
He's like on the edge of his seat.
No question.
In fact, he's probably halfway to the refrigerator.
You think he's got a lot of take out, you know,
in the bags in the refrigerator?
Because they're in there early.
Most people, if they don't finish what's in the sack,
they toss it.
But it seems to me he's the kind of guy that would like...
You know what I'm saying?
Like a taco bell bag over here on this shelf
and Burger King down there.
I could be wrong about that.
But that's based on what you told me.
Just like all the most stuff is based on what you've told me.
You were bragging about that before.
Yeah, it was me.
You were the one that told me about that bad to pay?
Although you did exaggerate.
I think it's lovely.
I think the plaid pants are beautiful.
I just found out that there's more than one.
More than one what?
To pay?
Right.
There are occasional ones.
Well, how about the green and white ones used to wear during the Jets games?
I know this is Schmidt-Candles.
Maybe they're hiding him at home in Boka.
Wouldn't that be great if somebody raided the house?
We found the Jets wig at any rate.
Or speaking of raiding the house, don't be knocking on my door at 5.30 in the morning.
You wacko you.
This morning my doorbell rings at 5.30 in the morning.
I'm sound asleep in bed.
I got another 20 minutes to sleep.
And I throw on my shorts and a shirt and I go staggered into the door.
They're pounding on the door.
They heat.
Some wacko out there.
Some listener.
Don't call me sir.
We'll call you.
We'll catch you some help.
And this is a guy that's been faxing me.
I recognize the averubiage.
Oh, I've got this.
The greatest.
What was the word he used?
Corruption case ever going.
And by the way, and the good Christians are trying to get me arrested.
This is a guy that's been faxing me this crap.
I said it's 5.30 in the morning.
But people, what can I call it?
Don't call me.
I'll call you.
Okay.
Get away from my house.
I'll be the one to call a cop.
You maniac.
Lunatic.
Crazy people.
PD Lenny calls me last night by mistake at the house.
Do you ever have anybody do that call you by mistake and then pretend?
Try to pretend that they were really calling you?
No, not pretend.
They usually say, I'm sorry.
I hate to write.
Right.
Like a normal person would say, oh gee, I missed dialed.
I hit the wrong button on here because it was on the cell phone.
But instead of that, oh, I'm at the warehouse.
What flavor is do you want?
How about this flavor, PD?
That's for you, you maniac.
Go over to Steve M's house again and take another handful of drugs.
You lunatic you.
This place is out of control.
I'm telling you that right now.
The doctor that performed the surgery.
Anyway, it's 10 past nine at five sixty.
Well, they didn't get a chance to hear that the first time.
So, you know, White Hell, that two, three hundred times today between now and one.
Sounds good to me.
It's enough to make me flip my lid.
There's more than one hair piece.
So I come to find out.
Well, are they like different shades?
Yeah, yeah.
Different, exactly.
There's formal casualty every day.
So, that's why he was wearing that like bright bubbly one because of the dolphin victory.
That must have been it.
Different hues.
I'll get to the polar, just relax.
We're getting way behind here now.
The doctor.
No.
12 minutes after nine at five sixty W to QM.
We all have different lifestyles.
Therefore, we need different products to make us feel better and healthier.
Oluo met Mediterranean formula.
So, advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with some really good stuff in there.
Vitamins, minerals, herbals, other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
Look for Oluo meds, three brand new formulas which are sleep, weight management and coq 10 all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil.
Oluo med is an outstanding product that's available at public's, Eckerd Walgreens.
For more info, you can call it toll free number.
We always give you one eight six six Oluo med.
That's one eight six six five three sixty six thirty three.
You can also order Oluo med products online at Oluo medamerica.com.
And if you visit your nearest public's and purchase an Oluo med product and Broward or Dade, you'll get yourself a coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll while supplies last.
Don't forget to visit their sampling provision at sports time every Sunday, two in the office of plant home games.
Pick up free Oluo med samples and product information.
Start feeling healthy right now, this instant by popping at Oluo med in your puss.
This is sports winnow by City.
You way up.
There's a butt ass smell it.
I don't believe the kind of leader, different movie.
With your fucking yellow teeth so far apart.
Condolita, condolita, what you be doing.
Get me your cash, it's black, get token, what's the stop?
Is you dead, is you deflacte and shem emma me?
Who be smart?
Does they like how you shine their shoes, condolita?
I was the way you watch and talk the whities cause.
George it junior, say he trust you, condolita.
Who's there lies on the greedy oil wall?
But then he make you clean all the white house bathroom.
The cup of sea, the toilet and then scrub the floor.
They tell you don't wear sandals, condolita.
Your coach it don't help, makes them want to threaten you.
Your nappy lager, look you smug, it'll be very pro.
It's your pee what you to pee, let tokens do.
One day while you pee, sniff and fack it, you may realize.
That's the tree in you just like your esterone.
That's when your head will move from side to side, condolita.
It's your bush and rum in, they be cracked and asshole.
The doctor that performed the surgery on J.Feeblas thumb, isn't he the same doctor that performed the procedure on your coupé?
The doctor who performed the surgery, let's think about that.
What's his name, Klein?
Feeblas doctor?
I don't know where he was.
I'm not sure where he went.
Did you go to Holy Cross?
I didn't read it.
The doctor can't tell how long he's going to be at.
You're not sure, somewhere at least a month could be up to eight weeks.
Wally on the wall with you on QAM.
I'm 18 at 5.60 WQAM happy Tuesday.
See the fun stuff which doesn't get on air on air, which isn't really much fun.
But whatever fun stuff, if you won't hear it there, you'll have to tune in here between 9 and 1 for the fun.
Because it just ain't no fun.
It's basically a very serious reading ground for those sports nerds.
In fact, they may start multiplying.
We can only hope they show up in the numbers because we're pulling form.
Because not that we like him personally, we're pulling form because we're all in the same ballgame as for us financially.
There's bonus money involved there.
So somebody should go on the air here on the station and say, oh, don't listen to so-and-so.
Well, that's grotesque self-destructive.
Self-destructive and destructive the rest of us too.
Selfish.
How do you like that?
I don't have any flamin' to start to come up now, yeah.
Crunchy.
Which group of people do you think has been most unfairly stereotyped by TV in the movies?
Is there a pull question today?
Sorry about that, Eric.
Now that's it, that was good.
We stretched it out a little bit game-at-time.
That's finished references.
Here's the list.
Italians.
Hispanics.
Lucy.
Blacks.
Jews.
Gays.
Southerners.
Or New Yorkers.
Now, don't you think that covers-did I leave anybody out?
I don't put like pull-ox in there because we don't-you know, there's-I don't think there are too many pull-ox in the movies.
Huh?
Is there like a wall-ski?
No, but seriously, I don't think there's any other ethnic group that needs to be in here.
People from Poland are called polls.
Which group of people do you think has been most unfairly stereotyped by TV and the movies?
Italians, which some of them-not too many though.
Because most Italians have a good sense of humor.
How about the ride heads?
They're always being stereotyped.
Unfearly?
Well, see you-
I'm-I opinion you missed that word.
Oh, wow.
See ya.
Don't be starting with the laundry heads, okay?
And thank goodness that we know that there's no terrorists in Indonesia.
Thank goodness for that.
Amazing how all of a sudden after every one of these grotesque acts, oh, now we admit, yeah, we do have al-Qaeda here.
We got a bunch of terrorists, lunatics, and they have been training here.
We better do something about it now.
Uh-huh.
Which group of people?
Italians, Hispanics, Blacks, Jews, Gays, Southerners, or New Yorkers?
I think that'd be a tough-a-t妙 choice for a lot of people out there.
Put your thinking caps on, okay?
Another grotesque story.
A drag net cover suburban Washington is authority search for a cream-colored van, spotted moments after a woman was killed in a mall parking lot,
by a single bolted to the head last night, the shooting led the fears that the sniper terrorizing the area had killed a ninth person.
And they got the police representative right now going, uh, I-I-I can't comment on-
Yeah, like that.
Well, that was almost as good as anthrax again.
That was perfect.
Police swiftly closed highways around Falls Church about 10 miles west of the nation's capital and said they were on a lookout for a Chevy Astro van that was missing a left rear taillight and had a silver ladder on its roof.
Arlene Qualls, a spokesman for Virginia Governor Mark Horniss at the woman was shot in a head last night, as she and her husband loaded packages in their cars truck outside the Home Depot at the seven corner shopping center.
Witnesses told police that the fatal shot came from a light-colored van according to Qualls.
Witnesses at some of the earlier shootings also reported seeing a white or cream-colored van or truck.
There are some pretty decent eyewitness information that maybe we haven't had in some of the previous shootings, Qualls said.
CBS News Correspondent, Aline Sergani, reports sources say the gunman was seen parking in the Home Depot parking lot.
By witnesses who say they saw him get out of the van, fire the shot, get back in the van and drive away.
You ready for that?
No.
Which sounds unlike what we're assuming the other ones were.
Of course we don't know. We're just assuming. Because they don't seem no much of anything.
And yeah, members of a Maryland Task Force investigating the sniper attacks were conferring with Fairfax County authorities to see if the shooting with the work of the sniper, who's killed eight people of wounded two in the last two weeks.
It's too early to tell if this time if the shooting is linked. However, we're working at and investigating with that potential in mind said Fairfax County police chief, Tom Manger.
Last night's killing in court on one of northern Virginia's busiest intersections where major arteries come together to form seven corners.
Virginia State Police said the van was last seen traveling east and moved 50 from Falls Church.
Interstate 66 and 95 were nearby. It's interesting. It says the van was last seen just like the one the other day where they had the thing cordoned off in no time at all.
And the state troopers car was like 50 yards away from where the shooting took place.
And yet in spite of all of their best efforts, they don't seem to be.
And we ever going to catch anybody in this country. That's what I'm getting worried about. Well, if we do catch them, we'll be sure not to convict them.
Now I'm not talking about that for forget about worry about that later, but can we catch anybody? We caught Osama Yamama.
No, no, no, no. Zawa, how are you hearing? No, no.
Any, and we caught the chishton risk killer yet.
No.
Who am I leaving out? There's a whole bunch of mystery of stuff going on. The sniper of course not.
They just we don't seem to be doing too good of a job of nailing anybody down when you come right down to it.
How about the people that killed Nicole Brown and her buddy there?
Codhead. No. No.
Well, OG is out there looking for him every day, with long with screw in and the Phyllis, the water Nazi. They're out there scouring the golf courses.
Looking for that killer still can't find him or them.
Who else am I leaving out?
Oh, the person in the verse speaking of Virginia that killed Elizabeth was a little girl's name smart.
Find him yet? No.
Just not doing too good of a job. It seems to me I could be wrong about that.
And of course this one is in Virginia again, so we don't have Chief Mousi in there at the end this one.
But if we would just get together and get on this thing a little bit better, you know, pull our resources and get all these organizations to work together.
I think maybe we might get something done.
Tragic really say a sick crazy people with guns in America, baby.
I don't see a lot of calls on it. Bored yet.
Had a tremendous what are you smoking about?
PD Lenny said, oh, it was a great show. Yes, they took some calls. Thank God. Thank God.
So I can just, you know, I can assume the kind of backstabbing it's going on back there with him.
He doesn't just stab you in the back. So you don't take it personal.
He stabs everybody in the back.
You me anybody that he and sitting right across from PD Lenny.
Yeah, we took some great calls yesterday, PD. I'm glad that you approve of the show. Okay.
You buck plug and don't be calling me at home anymore ever again, even by accident.
Calls me by accident. Oh, what flavors do you want?
You ready for that?
We're talking about a certifiable person. He's in our sales department.
Certifiable needs to be in a guy named Straightjacket in a rubber room somewhere.
WQAM.
About what?
About anything.
See, there you go about anything.
See, let me say this to you.
This goes back to the 38% because I noticed we fell into a lot of that again yesterday starting to take these calls.
This business like when you call here, I'm supposed to give you an idea what you should be talking about.
When you call somebody, generally, not see that goes back to the PD Lenny thing again.
You called me. What do you call me? Well, it was a mistake. You know, this guy must have been a mistake also.
Generally, you should probably have something in mind to talk about as opposed to, you know,
although, obviously, a crank. Yeah, right.
Because he had nothing to call. Right. Nothing to say. That's why I asked him that question.
Because he sounded a little cranky to me. He sounded like some kind of a moron that would, you know, ring your doorbell 530 in the morning.
Not a good move, man. Not a really good move.
In fact, I might help those good Christian people have that guy's asterone in jail.
Be a good move. You might think of, uh, no, no.
The doctor that performed the surgery on, uh, J. Feetless.
Right on his thing. Poor J. Feetless.
Now it's going to be interesting. I don't want to get football intensive, which I don't want to discuss it at all because they sure beat it in the ground this morning.
But all those people wanted Ray Lucas. Now you're going to get him, baby. Now you're going to get him.
And of course, if it should turn out that he stinks the joy now, which everybody in the papers this morning. Oh, no, it's either, you know, either, either or it's no difference.
But if by some chance, he stinks the joy out. And then they're going to say, oh boy, we sure miss that J. Feetless. He was the best. We were wrong.
We were wrong.
The tough crowd, man, this is a tough town.
I don't want to give anybody any slack. Flak yes, slack. No. Now why is some asshole a faxing this thing about the penguins in a leaf game?
I saw the game. I don't need all this crap pages and pages and pages of crap about the penguin leaf game, which I saw last night.
And what a shame that the net was raised there in that last tying leaf goal. I got this alone.
Trevor kid blows. That's all you need to say about that game. Okay. Trevor kid bites. That's one thing. Yaldi said that was correct this morning.
He is awful. Couldn't stop a watermelon from 100 yards away. Trevor kid.
In fact, when he played a rangers, I wouldn't be surprised if they start Michael Telkovist tonight. You know him, don't you?
It's a 927 at 560 WQA. I know one thing. Chopping for a mattress, the old fashioned way is a total, a disastrous waste of your time and a lot of money and effort.
Especially the way things are nowadays. A lot of people are at themselves locked in. They don't want to leave their house.
Well, this is one thing you can do without leaving a house. It's make one easy call. 1-800 mattress and you'll talk to an expert betting consultant who really knows they're betting crap, man, inside and out.
They'll hook you up with exactly the size of mattress and the style that you want. When I say style like extra firm, extra soft, extra oil, whatever.
They've got all the top brands in the world. Serta, Sili, Simmons, King, Coral. When you call, you pick today in the tour window for delivery when it's convenient for you any day of the week, 7 days a week.
You also get that unbeatable 30 day in home comfort guarantee to check it out the real way by sleeping on it and testing it out for up to a month to make sure it's the right mattress for you and your back.
So if you want to start getting a great night's sleep every night, even when you're not on your door at 5.30 in the morning, pick up the phone and call dial a mattress right now 1-800-800-MATTRES or check them out of that wicked worldwide web at mattress.com.
Why in local town? Here's SportsWinio 560-SU-A-L.
Dylan, rate me. Hey, this is Ray Rapunzel. You want to get a mug? I'll tell you where to get one. Right here. And it won't screw you like my ex-wife screwed me.
She screwed me bad. I also think I got to suspect it boys. You think it's because it's easy as kind of fake boys to do.
The fact that I keep doing it looking up, I start to start talking normally after the... Give me a minute Tommy.
My ex-wife, he made his voice because he screwed me like Janice was screwing Ralphie. Just like that. That's as he gave it to me.
Oh, yeah. I had a St. Leavias while looking on my leathery face. Even George Cowell, never drove before like that.
What a lady he did. Oh, you're so naughty. I know how that feels. And now you know how I got my name.
Red Rapunzel! Funny, huh? It is. It's Rapunzel. So if you want a mug, it's just a place to do whatever it is.
Oh, exactly. 931 at 560. WDQM. Don't call me again, PD. You're a crazy person, okay? I think you ought to be Baker Ractor. Don't you think that's a good idea?
Okay. Maybe we ought to make the call today. Just having Baker Ractor. I haven't come and take more in a goddamn straight jacket.
560.560.560 on the AT&T line. And you know, the audience 38% of them wanted calls. They said it's really ponderous. All these bedtime stories. All of this reading on the year.
I have two great marine dog columns, by the way, for today. One from today's paper one, I'll get to the other day because we had all this great call.
And we had plenty of regular cranks, the idiots out there yesterday. It's the same old stuff. See, that's what makes it so terminal. So ponderous. It's just debilitating.
Because they're not funny. There's nothing worse to me than somebody who thinks that they're funny, who's not. And that includes most of the callers who think that they're being very amusing. They're not funny.
Look at that phone. Is there a response there? Look at what's going on in the world. We have another shooting there. Another sniper shooting, evidently, up in Virginia.
We got this horrendous terrorist. They're at it all over the goddamn world in Kuwait in Indonesia everywhere. We got the president going, what do they look like this? They already got their racquetack planned no matter what anybody says.
We got all of these things going on. And as usual, these people are got nothing to say. See, this is why we're not going to be bringing C-SPAN and CNN and Fox News and HBO or anybody else who need to embarrass ourselves because the fact of the matter is that you people got nothing to say.
So they're the experts on programming, including PD Lenny. He's also an expert. Oh, thank God you took calls. It was a great show. Thank God you find them to some calls. Like I'm killing them. Like maybe he can't sell the show because I'm not taking calls because I'm sitting reading bedtime stories for hours every day.
I thought the shows from Toronto were going just fine. If you asked me, I could be wrong. I thought they were just fine. A response on the internet was sensational.
Which somebody's got to be listening. But that PD Lenny man, everybody in this building is a goddamn program director. They spend as much time going out and selling as they are program directing. We could be like number one half and building last month instead of number one, which a certain people running around a building dragon about that.
WQ a.m. How about your pardon? I like to get on the air. What'd you want to talk about?
What is it? Okay. Yes, sir. Have an idea when we get this sniper. When we get him, let's recruit him to go get a WQ I am. How about the George? How about you, friend? That's the fat. Everything sucks guy. Iron chef sucks. Uh-huh. This will be over face today. WQ I am.
Yes. I speak to you. But speaking. I knew I was listening to your program yesterday about the reference. I'll and it's amazing because I've seen him on more than one occasion on television and where either Larry King or one of these other individuals had a chance to question him. And they just blew it.
What do you think you think Larry King is going to ask somebody a tough question? Well, the other fellow I think would I am hard boy. I so Chris Matthews. Yeah. I would assume he would and he had he had found well on and he had some gentlemen from the Islamic creed from the US on and Islamic creed. Well, and he would I don't remember the name of his group, but he was he was a Muslim American Muslim. Yeah.
And and fell well bold facely said to him that that Muhammad was a was a terrorist and then the gentleman asked him what you know what defines a terrorist. He said well a terrorist is someone who kills innocent people right there. I'm screaming at the top of my lungs. Let me add them because in the Bible with anyone. I mean I'm an agnostic, but anyone who reads the Bible and I've read it knows that that God killed his innocent people.
On more than one occasion, the past over the the flooding. I mean, he even admitted that he wanted to make sure the Jews did a good job because every time he got pissed off, he told him to kill all of their enemies. Don't miss a single one. Kill him on.
Exactly. And even the bell shot that kill and all of that business that can't command these are commandments only for the.
But Victor, why are we wasting our time with all that cock up from the book? I mean, if you're an agnostic, why would you even dignify that? You're dealing with a fat-faced bigoted asshole. Okay. And why these people in the media continue putting them on is because he's got a big famous name and he always sticks his foot deep into his mouth and creates a lot of controversy. And I think it's good for rating. So that's why they put them on because they're totally responsible.
They don't get it right. I agree completely.
But you'll be very pleased to know because I have the story in my hand right now. As always, he's a backtracking and apologizing now.
Yeah, well, he looks like he might be a huge drinker. He seems to be almost drunk when he's being interviewed. He's got this one line that he's constantly talking about.
Well, there's a rumor going around that he went to a some broadcasting school, but I'm not really sure.
Anyway, in the face of protest around the world of every jury, fall well is issued an official apology for comments he made about the profit.
He's always apologizing into the telepubby and tinky winky or this one or that one always apologizing just open up a big mouth shoot from the lip and then oh, I didn't really mean it.
You know, kind of like Jeb Bush, same thing coming from the same place, by the way, two right-wing assholes.
He's issued an official apology jury has for comments he made about the profit, Muhammad during his October 6th interview on the CBS News program 60 minutes.
In the interview, the conservative Baptist minister said, I think Muhammad was a terrorist. I read enough of the history of his life written by Moth Muslims and non-Muslims to know that he was a violent man, a man of war.
He also said, Jesus said the example for love as did Moses, which I still laugh over that. I think Muhammad said an opposite example.
In a statement over the weekend, fall well said I sincerely apologize that certain statements of mine made during an interview for CBS News 60 minutes were hurtful to the feelings of many Muslims. I intended notice respect to any sincere law abiding Muslim.
He claimed he made a mistake while responding to my controversial and loaded question at the end of an hour long interview. See, the question was loaded.
There was somebody else's fault. The fall off from his remarks on 60 minutes was severe. At least five people were killed nearly 50 people injured Friday when Hindu Muslim writing broke out in a protest in Shola poor 225 miles out of Bombay.
She had Muslim clerics in Lebanon and Iran reacted with rage to fall well as remarks and an envoy of Iran's supreme leader called for his death.
Iranian cleric Mosin Mohajed the Shabastare. I wonder if he related to Al-Numare, Shabastare. Hi, has a nice ring to it.
Addressing weekly Friday prayers in the northwestern town of Tabis said the Reverend Jerry Falwell was a mercenary must be killed the Farsi language daily a bra reported Saturday also hundreds of Muslim protesters get it twice outside the CBS broadcast set up in New York on October 8th and the 13th to demand an apology from the media.
How do you like that Jerry Falwell once again shooting from the lip just see this is how bigoted people are. They just blurred it out. Oh, I didn't really mean that did somebody actually hear it.
In fact, that's what Bob Simon said in that little follow up piece on 60 minutes Sunday night when they were like reporting on what the reaction was and fall well as comment was well because he had apologized at least to their knowledge when they taped that his comment well I'm sorry that they broadcast it right just like to have bushes awfully sorry that the reporter was there with that cassette recorder going.
While it was making those bigoted obnoxious disgusting comments of his up in Pensacola. It's kind of like I didn't know the gun was loaded same thing. Same old thing.
The doctor that performed the surgery on J. Feedler's thumb didn't need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your coupé.
You know, there's a there's a gap I knew you could drive a fleet of Mac trucks through there. You know, that's how long that gap is.
And what a shame that Robert did if they made Robert dump that you know, it's really a shame because that would have been probably one of the most entertaining points that I'd show this one.
Probably could get at least a six share baby put more stuff like that on the year.
Instead of being uptight and humorless about this week's hairpin I was in a daily thing or weekly thing or you don't know yet.
It's for special occasions. He's got the everyday.
Is he got the young kipper hairpiece? Is that how the beanie sewn into it?
Yeah, it's got the beanie is already sewn into it.
The doily is sewn into it. It doubles as a doily and a young kipper hairpiece.
Oh, that's a good question. If you're orthodox, does it to pay count as a head covering?
Excellent question. Only if it's like slid off to the side, you know, I'll call the ready.
Okay. Only if it's like that guy from California. What else is his name again?
I can never think of the congressman that went through an hour trying it and they finally give me the name Robert.
You know the one I'm talking about? Yeah, I can't think of it.
But I mean, he's got like a dead mouse on his head. Anyway, forget about him.
20 till 10 at 560 WQM if you're looking for a great night on the town.
Something you said all the make you want to get out of your chair and yell.
We're talking live action and fine dining too. Maybe even make some money on the side.
Get a TV right at your table. So you don't have to miss a minute of your favorite show or sporting event.
Then why not come out and plunge your brains out at a pop it up our car. That's right.
The race tracks world went on top of the park restaurant is now open starting tomorrow night for the racing season.
Enjoy anyone to sure Kirk lid days, nightly specials or select your choice of fresh seafood to prove stakes or scrumptious desserts from the menu.
The top of the park restaurant offers not only excellent food but it's located six stories high featuring a beautiful panoramic skyline view when you're right over the track.
So you won't miss a second of the racing action. You'll be able to see Donald Brainerd way out there in the middle of the track.
Pop it up. Park is currently open for live harness racing three nights a week Wednesday Friday and Saturday.
Gates open at 6 p.m. post time 715 and this season something brand new at Pop it up.
Park free clubhouse and free grandstand admission all season long.
And of course, it's always free general park and two every Wednesday night like tomorrow still dollar night with draft beer hot dogs.
So does popcorn even large pretzels only a bucket piece. And of course, like always, somal casting every day seven days a week starting in new and pop it up.
Park pop in a harness in pop it up. It's a block side of Atlantic Boulevard on power line road. Don't forget live racing this week Wednesday Friday and Saturday.
Post time 715 and the dining room opens tomorrow night.
My and local. This is 4205 60.
But the Lord even loves neo Rogers.
We'll arm Jerry all will on the right hand of God.
And when I woke up today, I put my TV on and instead of happily or CNN.
I saw purple creature with a gay sign on his head. It was an upside down triangle purple pinky winky.
Upside down triangle purple pinky winky. Upside down triangle purple pinky winky.
Hey, tell it to me. Where is just when I thought things couldn't get worse.
I know this he was carrying a little purse now. How can they call this a children show?
I'm going to be purple but I have a brown hole. He has an upside down triangle purple pinky winky.
Upside down triangle purple pinky winky. I love shit drink your balls.
Hey, purple pinky winky. Hey, tell it to me.
Woohoo!
We're almost about Christian time as hard to believe.
But on the television he's coming as a TV screen.
It had a purple penis pointing straight at me.
That was blowing an eye through the hole in the thing.
Oh my baby.
I don't have a penis. I've never had one. I swear.
945 at 560 W at QM. Happy Tuesday to you.
And that poll is he's working on it up there. I told you that breakfast. Read on his hand.
So we got the poll question on there on my page but it's still got the choices about the bushmeister.
Here's the facts from Bill and Boko who asks, is Moe as big a jerk as you make him out to be?
Yes. He must really be a real prick. He says.
Yes.
And PS says don't take any calls because they're worthless. I'd rather listen to your humor and the news.
Well, thank you very much, Bill. Bill enjoys the show. We don't have any problem with it.
But we're still waiting for some real assimilating calls. Now the last caller, he was okay.
Grought up the fall wall thing and I happen to have that bedtime story right there in my pile and my sack.
And then of course the other guy wants to make a joke about the sniper thing.
See, I hate to break the news to you sir, but there's nothing funny about some loon to take some crazy person with a gun.
Or crazy people with a gun.
And the fact that it's happening up in DC and Virginia in this suburban DC.
The fact that it's happening up there allows people here in South Florida,
where the city around is a, well, you know, let's send him after Osama.
Let's do this. Let's do that. But if it was happening like down here somewhere,
like over on Fort Lauderdale Beach, for example, or out in Weston or wherever the hell it might be,
I don't think people would be making any jokes about it.
Maybe you'll hover in under the bed right now, crappin' in their pants and rightfully so.
WQAM.
Yes, sir.
I was talking to you.
Speaking.
I didn't realize you had a delay. I'm sorry.
That's okay.
The first time I'm a listener, I love the show.
I work at what you call the light bulb.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5.
I mean, what is there to say? What is there to say?
Don't that, Robert.
WQAM.
Yeah, okay. WQAM.
QAM.
WQAM.
Yes.
Hi. Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you were taking calls and I want to know what we're going to do about the price of chicken.
It keeps coming up by panning to...
WQAM.
Neil, how you doing, my friend?
Hey, Neil, let me ask you a question. If Moe got life, he'd be wiped out.
Yeah, good point.
Henry Barrow, my best personal friend.
Oh, how are you?
Good to see you.
Boy, you got fat, you know what?
Life must be good.
He got really fat.
He must be getting a lot of free food and drinking a lot of...
Look at that gut. Holy crap.
Woo!
Man, oh man.
In fact, you could come to work here now.
You just qualified.
You're fat enough to work here.
What brings you here today, Henry?
You're doing a table commercial.
You're doing a table commercial.
Great.
Excellent.
You didn't bring that bald head guy with you.
What was his name?
Mark...
No.
Mark Benson.
Well, that's right.
He's out there fighting Spanish language people in the streets.
Well, that's great.
Henry Barrow just came in from Iowa.
Yes?
They have the same two paymaker for everybody.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh, yeah.
Too bad you came in too late to meet Moe.
You loved him, man.
He did a real piece of work.
Great to see you.
Have a wonderful life and lose some weight, please.
We like to keep you alive.
Man, he got fat.
Henry Barrow got rid.
Then he got fat.
So like you said, life must be good.
No, not that good.
That's not good.
He got really fat.
He was never fat.
He never had to lie about his body.
No, he had a little bit of a punch from drinking all of that wine.
You know.
And he's a good guy.
Henry Barrow, one of the few people in this business we like.
Oh.
Yeah.
He ain't no Moe.
Anyway, I think these calls...
They can wait, you know.
I got some important stuff here.
New people...
Yeah, this business about, oh, you got to pick some calls for what?
What do you have to say?
Do you have anything to say?
You have nothing to say.
You're gay.
Yeah, you're gay, yeah.
And...
Big deal.
You want a date?
Trust me.
Let's see.
Here's Paul.
He says, is more real asshole like you say, is the collar suck.
Love your news reading.
Keep it up, says Paul.
Paul, we get the message.
You're okay, but quit being so chronic.
Or is it maybe this is a different Paul?
Because the handwriting looks different.
Yes, Moe is a real piece of work.
He's an asshole.
Right.
Just asked the people who work with him.
The ones who are left on that show, and there aren't too many.
There aren't too many because they keep marching down a hall and they don't come back.
You're unprofessional, don't ever come back here again.
Don't put them on the show.
And the best way...
I wasn't aware of that thing that you told me this morning about him forcing them to cut the audio off.
The moment we do the change over at 9 o'clock, and of course he ignores this program.
He pretends that even the organ grind when the monkeys aren't here anymore.
We don't do that.
So we're having...
I'm like, red China.
He doesn't recognize me.
Which is fine.
That's okay.
But at 9 o'clock sharp, as soon as he says goodbye, the speakers in there must go in the off position,
or the board operator gets 50 lessons with a wet noodle, and his to pay.
And has to stand side by side when Moe has to drop his pants to get raped to them.
Yeah, that's why I'm here.
That's what Robert told me, he said he was out yesterday to heal him up.
I said to your sore about it, he said, you have no idea, man.
Correct him.
Wow.
So, oh, look at that.
The pool is up finally.
Eric, I knew he'd get around to it.
But he's busy.
Have it a few breakfastes, maybe with Henry Burrell.
Which ethnic group has been most unfairly stereotyped on TV or in the movies?
Seeing you always tend to vote for the one that you're involved in, you know?
Who? Me?
And I'm saying people in general.
For you are a touchy man, you were touching the most bit.
I don't know if you were talking about me, because I'm saying, and we already got 21 votes on there.
Gay six, that was what I voted.
I could have voted Jews, because I'm absolutely voted for Gays.
Did you?
I would have, but you know, we only vote once from here.
I thought you could vote in there.
You can't.
It's whoever votes first.
Remember, we're on there.
Oh, well, I'll beat you to it.
Atagians four, blacks three, New Yorkers three, southerners two.
I don't know what they're talking about.
southerners are depicted.
I don't know what they're talking about.
Hispanics two, and Jews one.
Because they're actually, there are some people in the movies, some Jews who don't have big noses.
Right.
I can't think of any.
First of all, how many Jews are portrayed in the movies in the first place?
There was Hyman Roth.
And then there's Oscar Irvin Schindler, whatever the hell that Schindler's listing that you're
always telling me I got to watch.
I'll tell you what, I'll watch that right after I watch that prison movie.
What is it?
Shawshanker.
Forget about all of them.
Yeah.
I don't want to see any more Jew movies.
Okay.
I can drive right up sunrise lakes.
See all the old Jews that I want.
Okay.
And no problem finding Jews down here.
I can go up to Boka.
I can find Jews.
I read variety of Jews.
I can come to work and see a Jew in there in the morning.
In fact, I went into a bullpen this morning to look in there after that very hysterical phone
call about the doctor in the hair piece, and J. Feetler's thumb.
And Geltie was still kind of chortling and smirking and kept looking down to make sure
he didn't look up and see me.
And Moe was like, he has this.
It's very bizarre.
Must be uncomfortable.
It must be.
Maybe it's because he has his bag hidden like in the side of the chair.
That might be it.
No, seriously.
Look, this is the position.
He's got that might.
Maybe he wants to be real close to Geltie.
You know, I don't know what it is.
But he's like launched over like which makes sure that he can't look behind him.
Because there's the big window in the bullpen behind him.
So like if I or somebody he doesn't want to see is like standing there, which I was,
he doesn't have to see us.
You know, he can like hide from the world that way.
He can insulate himself.
I mean, how you do to show a lot?
How can you sit in a chair like this, like hunched in this position and do the chair
unless of course your bag is like getting in the way.
Or maybe there's a boy.
And I'm not suggesting he's got a bag, but it's possible.
I wish I had a bag.
A brand new one.
Groups blame Bush for recall.
Oh boy, they say poultry standards are too lenient.
Speaking of that asshole I called before about chickens.
Consumer and environmental groups yesterday blamed the Bush administration for the nation's
largest meat recall saying the administration had failed to set adequate safety standards
for the meat industry, officials at the Agricultural Department flatly denied the accusation.
Pilgrim pride corporation asked at 27.4 million pounds of cooked turkey and chicken
products be returned for fear that the roast and deli meats sold under the Womper brand
are contaminated with Listeria, Monto, Si, Jean.
What is it?
Mono cytogenes, a potentially fatal bacteria.
In South Florida, the recall affected public supermarkets, but not Windixi stores, said
spokespeople for the chains.
And you know what?
I still wouldn't stop at Windixi.
If you paid for my groceries, I still wouldn't shop there, you know.
I was that like bigoted in my part or what?
No.
I just don't like their store.
Once upon a time, they were fine.
There was a long time ago.
Long time ago.
Long time ago.
And then depending on what neighborhood you live, then they start letting the stores get
really kind of run down and crappy and schmutzzy and I, because there's a nice to Windixi
overrun, right, where I used to live.
Sunrise near Papal Island there.
Right.
And there's a blockbuster on a corner there and in that shopping center, they magnet
stores the Windixi.
That's a nice store.
Right.
In fact, I ran into PD Bulger several years there, I go away and that store.
I wish I'd run into him with my card.
At any rate, I wouldn't go there if they paid me.
And public sliced deli turkey breast on the executive ship ran as being recalled.
Public spokeswoman Maria Redama said, although this recall involves only turkey breast sliced
at the deli counter, we're not.
Which I happened to throw out yesterday's a matter of fact after I read saw this story
unopened.
Yes.
Yes.
That did you throw it out after you ate some of it?
No.
I'm not.
I'm not.
It's kind of even I can't eat it on open.
I mean, I guess I could reach through the side of the bag.
You could just chew on the plastic.
Wow.
All of this recall involves only turkey breast sliced at the deli counter.
We're not taking any chances with customer help and safety.
We've been struck at our stores to pull all executive ship turkey even pre-packaged product
not affected by the recall she'd be saying.
Customers should return the meat to a local store for refund or replacement.
She said pilgrims pride pull 295,000 pounds of turkey and chicken products last Wednesday,
but expanded the recall over the weekend after test came back positive for strains of
Listeria.
The company said Sunday.
The recall covers deli meat primarily sold under the company's Wompler Foods brand.
It was also sold under brands including Blockin' Burrell, Bono's, Golden Acre, Reliance,
and a variety of private labels.
The products include turkey and poultry sold freshly sliced or made in the sandwiches
of deli counters and an individually sold package of sliced deli meats.
The Listeria infestation that the plant was discovered by the Department of Agriculture
Inspectors trying to find the source of a Listeria outbreak for this kill seven people
in seven northeastern states.
Listeria can cause high fever, severe headache, next stiffness, and nausea.
It can be fatal in young children, the elderly, and people with weak immune systems and
cause miscarriages and stillbirds.
The illnesses are the result of inexcusable dereliction of duty by the government agency
charged with assuring meat safety, said Carol Tucker, formant of the Consumer Federation
of America.
Formant and other consumer advocates blamed the Bush administration's failure to adopt
new regulations covering inspections for Listeria that were initiated by former President
Bill Clinton.
How do you like that?
So a bubble was trying to do something about this, but the Bush people said, oh no, we don't
want to clamp down on big business because that's our pizons, that's our buddies, that's
our partners in crime.
Absolutely correct.
So go ahead and poison a public employment on the alkyra, we'll blame it on terrorists.
They're poisoning the food supply.
That's it.
And by the way, because all this good stuff is going on, it goes to show you, it's so
ridiculous.
They'll make any sense.
If I can find a guy named Channel Mark, it's going through the roof today.
Oh, you see that?
No.
It's good.
Sure.
That's right, it's good for you.
You're a little penny antistox, that's right.
That's right.
And that's up to 137 and the NASDAQ's have 43 points.
How do you like that?
Let's hear it, baby.
Well, their earnings reports coming out.
That's the reason they were being given.
It seems to me that today is three weeks before election day and these next three weeks,
you're going to start seeing all of this phony, baloney stuff going on in the market coming
back.
And then like on the sixth of November, it'll probably take a precipitous dump.
Could be wrong about that, but you know me.
957 at 560 WQM, 55 votes on a poll, which ethnic group has been most unfairly stereotyped
on TV or in the movies.
Italian 16, gaze 14, southerners 8, black 7, New Yorkers 6, Hispanics 4 and Jews only
won.
Only one Jew.
And his name was Hymen Roth.
Hey, if you love your home, but you desperately need more space, here's how you solve that
delima.
Do what hundreds of other people are doing, call strictly additions.
Whether you're having a baby in another room, if you're converting a carport or patio into
living space, if you went into business for yourself and want to make a home office call,
strictly additions.
They're your one stop, shop, more space for your place, place with an absolutely
worry free approach to expanding your living space.
Those no shows by the contractors ain't going to happen when you do business with these
people.
No unexpected bills, no worries about the job not getting done right, no incomplete work,
and they take care of every last detail.
They drop your blueprints, they get the building permits, handle all the inspections.
Strictly, additions got an easy, five step approach to total customer satisfaction.
First, they call the Schedule A free, project evaluation deployment at your home where a project
estimated will determine the scope of your addition.
Secondly, they schedule a bit of deployment in their convenience room where you'll get a
detailed proposal on the exact price for your work.
Thirdly, they select your finishing touches and go to contract.
Fourth, review the designer architectural drawings, and finally, fifth, last but not least.
Sit back with a smile on your push and relax as your dream addition moves ahead on schedule
with unbeatable quality.
See how easy that is?
Give Strictly Additions a call, you can check out their and the yellow pages if you like.
They serve all a brow in South Palm Beach.
The number is 954-791-8100.
Their license, they're insured professionals are going to do a super job for you.
954-79, what is it?
791-8100.
Be sure to tell the old Neil and PD Lenny to a need to call.
791-8100.
My, my, and local, this is 42560.
The gateway can be laid out.
And it were 8th evolved from men.
Who do you know?
Who do you know?
Fellin' through your life, lookin' at the brown.
I doesn't do something to you.
Why do you lie, can't us?
Who do you reach around with your knees on the ground?
Just one question for you.
Why do you lie, can't us?
He's gonna show me his baloney, and write me like a pony.
He's a people, they'll win all.
So then, what's wrong with Brigino?
Who's new Ky Daar?
Who wants to a star villal gang?
Who wants to not you, will gay?
Who wants to know?
Who wants to not Shore lagi?
Who wants to live?
Don't share a way.
Who wants to log your labour gang?
Who do you know?
Who do you know?
Who wants to know?
Who wants to know?, is all Ill info gang!
Who wants to know, you will gay?
Who are you?
Are you sorry?
Get to us and get a chance.
Oh, I said, are you playing again?
Sensational.
I see you guys.
Henry Burrow's head of the wine department in the gardener's food markets.
And they said he's eaten up all the profits.
They're drinking him anyway.
Little Henry Burrow, those were the days, baby.
Those were really the days when men were men.
And Henry was on the sidelines and Rick Weaver was up there doing the games.
Those were the days.
Those were something, huh?
He ran out of here like crazy when I said Rick Weaver.
Is the overhead? Did it die? Is it me in here?
Must be you. I didn't touch that.
Police said today that ballistic evidence has conclusively linked the fatal shooting of a woman last night to the Washington area sniper attacks.
Got it conclusively linked as if there was any doubt.
The woman was slain by a single gunshot last night in the parking lot of a home depot.
She was identified as Linda Franklin, 47 hour, our length in Virginia.
The shooting makes Fairfax County, Virginia the for one, the fifth locale in the Washington area in which the sniper is struck.
Each victim shot with a single 223 caliber bullet.
That's what we need is a lot more crazy people with guns on you and our A people.
Thank you. Thank you very much for making America a crazy country with crazy people with guns running around on a loose.
That's 60 minutes thing.
Of course, I guess it was no accident that the piece was on on Sunday night.
Good timing.
We're going to have absolutely no impact.
And there's another example.
Not only did they have a mystery there.
And people get in food poisoning because the Bush administration says hands off big business.
But there's another deal.
Remember when they were saying, oh, we're going to have our office right down the hall from the oral office.
That's right. We're going to be sending off like two feet from where the president sits his ass.
Once these Bushier right wingers get in there and they did.
They control the country and people wonder, gee, how come there's all this violence going on?
Can't figure it out.
You know, can't figure it out myself.
Three minutes after 10 at 560 WQM, we got the man.
Oh, and I got to tell you the definitive call, the definitive call of all time on talk radio.
I'm driving home yesterday.
I didn't mean to stop it on mad dog show.
I opened the door to wave to him because I couldn't get his attention to the bullpen.
So I did it like welcome back from Denver, etc.
Nice job.
And he like calls me.
And so I sit down with him for a couple of minutes and they were bonding, you know.
And I get in the car and I'm driving home and he gets a call.
So help me.
This is this is the definitive sports nerd.
This is what's wrong with this radio station with this town with this country with this world.
Is people like this caller.
And his comment, I wish we had it on tape.
He's going on to the man talking about, oh my gosh.
I've been on the phone with people all over the country.
He's talking about the U of M and the Dolphin winds on Saturday and Sunday.
I've been in touch with people all over the country and they're just, it's just amazing.
Aren't we blessed down here?
And I didn't know whether to drive off the road, blow my brains out, search for this guy and blow his brains out.
What is that?
Are we blessed down here because our football teams won a couple of big games over the weekend?
Are we blessed down here or what?
No.
No, my life is better.
Yeah, sure as hell I improved my life a lot.
I mean, what kind of kaka is that?
What kind of people are we dealing with on this radio station?
Who think that because we had teams that won football games, therefore somehow this is paradise.
You know what I'm saying?
Paraphriecondice.
Go to Vegas, you'll find a paraphriecondice.
Come here, you'll find a pair of old cockers out there and a guy with them a sidewalk.
Christian along or maybe even worse than that in their car, in their Joukhanou.
Go at about 20 miles an hour in the middle of sunrise Boulevard.
That's what you'll find.
The doctor that performed the surgery on J. Feedless Thump.
Didn't he the same doctor that performed the procedure on your QK?
Now there's one thing I'd like to know, how did this guy know that?
That's what I'm wondering.
You think he's got like some help on the inside?
Maybe he knows the insider that sends us all those inside faxes here in the building?
Maybe that was the insider.
Yeah, aka Jerry with a squiggly little writing which I'm discovering.
All of that stuff is coming from inside the building.
Moreen Dowd writes, this looks too long for like right now, doesn't it?
No, nice.
Huh?
No, I think you can do it.
In like four or five minutes?
Well, I'll give it a shot.
This is the first of two moreen Dowd columns today.
She's the best.
Well, she's one of the best.
In the New York Times, the Bush Prescription.
WWJD at the FDA, we may soon find out if WW David Hager becomes chairman of the powerful food and
administration panel on women's health policy, his resume seems more impressive for theology than gynecology.
I get the feeling I read this before.
You read that before.
And you know why?
Why?
See, I have the more recent column from the New York Times.
This is in the Sun Sentinel today.
And I thought, gee, because the headline, it looked like it was about this other thing, you know.
And this is old stuff.
I read this from Toronto.
And it's just showing up today in a guy named SunCentral.
No wonder I feel like I'm a hundred years behind down here.
Wasn't I trying to tell you about the tabloids?
You can't find them all the stuff that you're writing.
Right.
There I can't find it in this store.
Right.
Well, what kind of any inner thought places that you go up in Toronto and every guy named Korn, there's another book, you know, bookstand, newsstand.
Would like real living and breathing newspapers from all over the world.
Would the tabloids with good publications with crap publications with sleaze and well, whatever.
This is the land of the world.
But hey, aren't we blessed?
Yeah, seriously, that phone call made me just want to get in there, just get in my corvette and head up the Hershey Highway in Florida.
Just get that out of here.
Aren't we blessed?
And he's been talking to people all over the country about what? About two football games?
And they're just, they're all just flabbergasted.
They're not concerned about some sniper that's blowing away innocent people up there in DC or in in Virginia.
They don't care about that.
Or about the fact that we're ready to go to war and sacrifice the lives of hundreds or thousands of young people.
They're gonna, or slaughter thousands of innocent people.
They're not concerned about that.
And jeopardize the safety of every man, woman and child on the planet.
They don't give a crap about that.
But we're blessed because we've won a couple of football games.
All I can say to you is, that's all I can say because that's all you can relate to.
Third and two.
On a 14-yard line.
Man, what are we talking about here?
We're talking Kaka baby. Kaka is what we're talking about.
Don't play that managed thing.
Well, I just had a feeling we're gonna play it.
In fact, we're gonna play any managed thing.
I think that the new stuff is, you know, worth playing like 20 or 30 times.
If I can find a goddamn thing.
It's because we have so many things.
I don't have a penis.
I've never had one. I swear.
We believe you.
Well, he went to Michigan. What do you expect? He's an old smoothie.
Like Henry Barrow. He's an old smoothie.
I could go for a smoothie.
Henry was here with his lovely daughter.
Henry got old and fat.
Henry Barrow, he's the wine sales consultant at Gardner's Market.
It's all over time. The whole chain, he said.
So he goes from store to store, checking out the wine.
And the cheese.
Whatever else they got.
The Gardner's food market. Whatever else they got for you, you know.
He's living a dream. He's got a nice scam.
I'm sorry. He didn't bring your good friend Mark Benson with him though.
You could have spoken to him in a esponule.
He would have run out the door screaming and shrieking.
Ten minutes after 10 at 560 WQA.
And there's never been a better time to buy yourself a new home or refinance you're existing home.
How about this rate? 3.95%.
That's right.
Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95%.
All you have to do is pick up the phone and call them and get all the information how this works.
Call 1-800-940-LENV.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
The money you're going to save is unbelievable.
Oh, we're fine.
Think about it. You can get $100,000 loan for only $450 a month or $200,000 loan for only $950 a month.
So you want to think about this no matter which button you hit. It still fits in.
The process is simple. You're going to save yourself thousands of dollars each year.
Fundal rate. See? Just pick up the phone and call our good friends.
It's financial group at 1-800-940-LENV.
There's never been a better or smarter time to get you a low interest rate.
So call financial group. You'll be on your way to big, big savings, baby.
Financial group is an equal housing lender.
Quitter restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change.
So call them right now.
Toll free 1-800-940-LENV.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
I think local V6 is 560.
The radio is all yours.
You in.
If you're one of the millions of people who've been praying to hear the Pope singing on his own CD,
your prayers have been answered.
Now through a special arrangement with the Vatican, his holiness is back.
And he's singing better than ever on the Pope's Sing.
He's allowed me to introduce myself.
My name is Pope John Paul.
Yes, it's Pope John Paul II singing songs that will lift you up and make you get down.
Please turn around. They're starting. Play that organ music, choir boy.
Play that organ music, cried.
Play that organ music, choir boy.
Play down in Bologhe and play that organ music, delight, I.
Which might be so.
The Pope sings, gives you the chance to hear the many sides of the owner of the Pope's Ville.
Father of the Pope's Ville.
March, 10th and the Order of a Stoop and Hat.
He's the Punct and on this CD he's the Boss.
You should be playing finger.
You should all go begin the Lingga that church play.
I think if you want to, you're helping the poor if you lose your shirt.
So come out and play finger.
Beep beep beep beep.
Beep beep beep beep.
Be A.
Beep beep beep.
Beep beep beep.
Oh, see, she's the line.
I, 22, wait a minute.
She, 15.
The Pope sings is available now at a special introductory price.
Get it and save yourself.
Buy dollars.
Anyway, let me ask you, are we blessed down here or what?
You know, when you come right speaking to the Pope?
Also speaking to the Pope, according to Vatican officials, Pope John Paul II intends to issue a document
recommending that Catholics increase to 20 from 15 the number of events or mysteries in Jesus' life that may contemplate.
They may contemplate when they say the 59-beat rosary.
Huh?
Let me say it again in the In Jesus' life that they may contemplate when they say the 59-beat rosary.
You better learn your rosary crap, Mr. Your Rosary or etiquette.
The document will be released in conjunction with the celebration of John Paul's 24th anniversary as Pope.
He was elected to the papacy in 1978 when they blew a lot of smoke up somebody's ass.
And now at 82 years of age is among the longest serving Pope's ever. I guess he didn't rig that tea.
One senior Vatican official said the Pope's decision to amend the rosary was in keeping with his creativity and his courage in his approach to the boundaries, obligations and opportunities of the papacy.
We're not, George, has got his own rosary beads in there right now, though that are some kind of a voodoo ritual.
And Larry, who's sending the facts, says, Courage my ass, how about addressing the priest's scandal?
Oh, we can't do that.
This is a very outrageous priest who's got the balls to keep cardinal honor in Boston against all odds.
Remember that movie against all odds?
Yeah, it was kind of crappy.
My rosary's were made in Italy.
Look at his advertising on our facts machine. Does that cost my ass or what?
When I get that at home, because the enemy when your facts machine starts clicking at the house, you think, oh, here's something really exciting coming in, you know?
And turns out to be some stupid ass ad for like ink and laser jet printers and all kinds of crap.
What's the difference between the round beads and the oval beads?
Oh, the oval ones are for Puerto Ricans.
Now which ones do you got?
No, some of the beads are oval and some around intermittently.
You're asking me?
I don't know. Call up D-Fo. Maybe he's got some Indian connections they can tell you.
I don't have any idea.
I know from rosary beads, okay?
Or five, six.
Man.
Hail Mary Holy Mother of God.
Blessed are Thou amongst them of a, let's say 400 Hail Mary's.
That'll give us up to about 1245.
People will just keep chanting a lot of meaningless crap.
Those people are brainwashed. Those people are cultists is what they are.
Make no mistake about that.
Oh, let's say about 30 Hail Mary's in the Lord will forgive you.
Oh my God, if you pardon that expression.
Ew, God.
What is wrong with people?
Look at this.
A post office box has been set up so people can see the information about the sniper.
They're really doing a hell of a job, you know what?
And when you see people like old moosey man in DC,
you really have the confidence that they're going to work together and get this job done.
What, whatever it takes.
Well, if it's together, it must be whatever, right?
That's not as good.
Speaking of TV, speaking of the media, sick is all hell as they are.
Let's see if that market is still soaring by the way.
It's just astonishing to me.
Look at that dial up to 288 up to 8125.
Nasdaq up 44 and a half points up to 1265 up to 1265.
Wow, hallelujah, man.
Let's have a party in our pants.
Harry Smith, Hannah Storm, Julie Chen and Renee Siler have become the new anchors of the early show.
CBS News is weekday morning broadcast.
It was announced yesterday by Andrew Hayward, president of CBS News and the eye is weeping.
Why is it weeping?
See, because they keep doing this over and over again.
They keep bringing back people who failed like Harry Smith, for example,
or like Brian Gumball, and now they're going to succeed and they never do it.
I like Harry Smith. Don't get me wrong.
But he's not going to make any difference on there.
Would you watch CBS in the morning because Harry Smith is on there?
No, me and that Julie person.
Julie Chen?
No, I'm just kidding.
No way.
No, Hannah Storm?
I don't know what she looks like.
The new to our broadcast will premiere Monday, October 28th, which sounds to me like a week from next Monday at 7 a.m. on CBS Channel 4 locally here.
You really show well.
And by the way, Channel 4, doing a tremendous job for our buddy Troy at Balance For Life.
You see that last night I did.
No.
And he's down there with his two little earrings on there looking really kind of fruity, if you ask me.
But anyway, they're doing a hell of a job.
The zone died.
And of course, I wonder where they find out about these things for this big hype.
It must be sweeps.
Isn't it?
Must be.
New fall season.
Atkins thing last week.
And now Balance For Life this week.
And you'll never guess I forgot to mention this yesterday.
Friday, while he was hyperventilating in front of the weather map.
The weather fairy, little Brian.
Guess what he said.
He said, if you think that this might come our way, you are absolutely correct sir.
Absolutely correct sir.
And he kind of liked Chordle when he said it.
Kind of like a Geldie Chordle this morning when I caught him in about the doctor and the most wig.
I'm f-feeler.
He he he he he that was great.
I still on Geldie.
He didn't even realize he just couldn't control himself.
Anyway, first and foremost, the early news show was a news program said, hey, words of what continue to provide viewers with the stories and issues of the day, as well as Yoko News and Weather.
But he had their anchors will also give viewers a more spontaneous broadcast with four distinct personalities that in their own interest to the mix.
The result will be a lively, unconventional and engaging program.
You know what they tried to emulate?
They're trying to imitate that CBS.
I mean, they see anything with Paul Law and without other guys sitting around.
You know, what is sitting around being wise guys for a couple of hours?
Yeah, right.
Michael Bass, Senior Executive Producer of the Early Show, explained the unique talents and diversity of our anchors give us great flexibility in putting together an informative, interesting broadcast each day.
In addition to being free from the conventional format of anchors, simply all the things.
Stories for two hours.
When news warrants our anchors, see the reason I pause there is their hammering again down below me here.
Every time you make noise down there, I'm going to stop talking. How do you like that?
Every time you like make a, if somebody farts down there on the second floor, I'm going to like stop.
I'm going to have a long pause to refresh.
If you don't cut the crap.
Let's see, I came back Thursday, Thursday, Friday.
So this is like my fourth show back. So it's two out of four already.
That they're dicking around down there on the second floor.
Nothing while you were going, by the way.
Not a peep.
Not a fart. Not a grips.
Not a anything down there.
And as soon as the word got around that I was back.
But I'm being there, they're going nuts down there.
They're on Ape Schmidt.
But it sure was nice seeing Henry Barrow and his daughter.
Good old buddies of ours from WIOD.
Man, oh it's with a great day. Let me tell you that right now.
WIOD. Oh, I hate that station.
Well, we do too, but makes me think of Mikey and Roger.
Right. You're good buddy Roger, Mary Magdalene.
I hand them that his name.
Oh, good, what about those shorts?
I like those days, man.
We were having a pretty good time in those days.
There was nothing wrong with that.
Squirt, squirt. See, there's a very right there.
A lot of people don't even realize that's old Mikey there.
Squirt, squirt. Just like Mitch Lewis.
Oh, in fact, most of the good stuff goes back to the IOD days.
Most of the good stuff that we got.
Yes.
Am I right?
Of course.
In fact, when we came to this station, that's when the caller really started going south.
I guess probably because we're not sports intensive enough.
And because this station in order to listen to you have to have a jock strap around your radio.
That's a prerequisite.
Yeah, you do. You have to have a rosary beads around your microphone and a jock strap around your radio and pray for other canes.
Pray for the coons.
Domino for the sand.
And how about that ethnic sands?
I'm still waiting to hear what kind of a name that is.
Ethnic sands.
You think it'd be like an ethnic name?
Which ethnic group has been most unfairly stereotyped on TV or in the movies?
Is our poll question that any Roger's dot com.
We have at the moment as I speak 109 votes.
Italians 29, Gays 24, blacks 18, southern air 17, New Yorkers 11, Hispanics 8, and Jews 2, 2 Jews.
And speaking of TV, you know, that's how I mixed these two together here.
Actually, Banfield's MSNBC star is losing its sparkle.
The Globe Prouding Journalist who became MSNBC's go to gal after 911 has lost her primetime purge.
Boy, they're changing shows around more than we do salespeople, you know what?
They had that Alan Keys is making sense or whatever the hell it was not the name of the show.
Yeah, when they discovered that he does make any sense that he's a self-hating right wing spook
and they got him off of there real quick.
And the absence of breaking news, Banfield's on location to become MSNBC's lowest rated primetime series
of Criter Nielsen Media Research.
And if it was the lowest one, man, how low can you go?
Her nightly series which aired at 10 will be replaced Monday by MSNBC Investigates,
a documentary series Banfield become an alternating host of the program
will work on pieces for other MSNBC and NBC News programs since July,
Raidingsson.
The Raidings declines have come amid pressure on management to boost viewership
over the summer and the network's primetime lineup was relaunched anchored by Newfield on a Utah show
that George and I watch once in a while nobody else.
Last Monday, the network shifted its talker Nochman from 5 to 7pm to accommodate Countdown or Rack a new program
devoted to latest on that country and also to make more room for jury to have several dinners each night.
Talk about a guy that's bigger than a house.
Yesterday, Jeffrey M.L., chief executive officer of NBC Parent General,
elected to the Fox News channels Niel Cabuto,
then MSNBC's Raidings aren't nearly where we'd like them to be,
and we're going to take some actions to try and get them up there.
I told my guys to make it interesting and make it competitive.
Get them up there!
Despite his concerns, M.L.T. also said the channel had improved he wanted to take on Fox.
The standard right now is Fox I want to be as interesting as you guys are he told Cabuto
who's about as exciting as a frog's fart.
As part of that chief, Mark Rosenbosser, executive editor of NBC's Dateline,
has been brought on board to help supervise the channel's prime time lineup,
which they keep changing and shifting and desperate to put some kind of crap on here.
Wouldn't surprise me if Aaron Summers is on there next week doing honeybears.
Anything to try to get a viewer's show?
Huh? Naked?
Oh, and you know something, what time is that show on MTV?
Oh, or is it on Monday?
It's only on Monday?
No, I don't know.
Well, I got it on there right now.
In fact, it says something about we're spanking it.
See that on the bottom of the screen?
Spanking, yes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, see what I'm going to do is like intermingles and calls here.
If we have anybody with anything to say those 38% who are insist that they've got to have calls on a show
to bring it back up to its former high quality.
And we're waiting to see some tremendous response on there.
I don't. WQIM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you taking calls on any subject today?
Yeah.
Hey, you and I agree on something.
And I can't understand how that can be.
You seem to be a little inconsistent on this point.
How can you be for homosexuals being boys out leaders?
What do you mean by that?
Well, it just seems inconsistent.
Why would you be against homosexuals being boys out leaders?
Because I think it places them in the very, very dangerous position.
I don't think that they should be.
But you have said before that homosexuals aren't interested in boys.
No, I didn't.
I said homosexuals aren't all pedophiles.
Of course, they're not.
Well, then why should a homosexuals be?
I just got through explaining it to you.
If a homosexual isn't interested in boys, why are you against them?
Because some of them are.
Just like some heterosexuals are interested in little girls.
Let me ask you this.
Do they have heterosexual males as girls out leaders that go out and sleep intense with young girls?
If you follow your logic, then.
Let me say it again.
One of the reasons I stop taking calls is people like you.
Because you pretend you want to have a conversation.
You ask me a question.
I give you the answer.
And all you want to do is like a dog chasing its tail around in the circle.
Which is just a total waste of time.
Let me make a point.
What is your point, my homophobic friend?
All right, here it is.
Yeah, this is Dennis, by the way.
Oh, Dennis, chronic Dennis.
Chronic Catholic Dennis.
Oh, chronic Catholic Dennis.
Oh, see.
And as far as this topic is going, once again, Dennis would like to have worked in attention
from the pedophile priest.
That's what Dennis would like to do again, okay?
And interestingly enough, the Vatican considers barring gay men from becoming priests.
That's where it was done in my pile a little bit.
But just to get Dennis working on his unit a little bit during after the break,
I'll move that right up to the top.
How do you like that?
We'll put you right on top, Dennis, so to speak.
My homo obsessive friend.
He is obsessed.
You're the most dangerous thing on the planet right now.
You faggot.
Really?
According to him.
Huh.
I thought it was the Pope.
And George Levis.
Like he says.
Yeah, Dennis, see, that's another thing.
Chronic, so we're not interested in talking about the same old tired Chronic,
over and over and over again.
Another problem with the callers is that most sane people,
most rational people have a life.
They don't sit around calling radio talk shows.
But you know something?
Aren't we blessed down here?
Oh, my God.
Save us from the sports nerds.
Please.
Please, in fact, rub your rosary beads here a little bit wider.
I meant to...
Please, let's say a brocha.
Save us from the sports force.
Maruchatau and I, Castle Hoist the sports nerds, okay?
Cobbman Drared.
That ought to do it.
And the same for you, by the way, Dennis.
Talk your family priest, they'll interpret it for you.
And then he hangs out with a Jews.
27 after 10 at 5, so we're gonna think they got the venies from.
Does this sound like you overworked underpaid,
stuck on a really crappy dead end job?
Underappreciated?
Well, then do yourself a favor and pick up your phone and call nice people
at fast train and get out of your dead end rut.
Call 866-FAST-TRAIN.
The demand for certified computer professionals has never been veteran fast-train.
It can help you achieve a new career in as little as four months.
Fast-Train is South Florida's largest certified Microsoft training center
with locations in Pembroke Pines for Lauderdale, Candle and Miami.
Fast-Train offers convenient day evening weekend classes.
Fact-Train's got a full-time job placement department over 30 years experience.
So if you're overworked, in fact, as a matter of fact, Dennis, I think all is a game and ought to be priests.
So if you're overworked underpaid, underappreciated, or stuck in a dead end rut,
or they already are, stuck in some dead end job, like the priesthood.
Don't wait another minute. Pick up the phone and call fast-train.
866-FAST-TRAIN.
Just think about it in four short months.
You can be on your way to becoming a high-paid computer professional
in a great career with a greater earning potential.
Pick my advisor, take Todd Drexadvice, pick up that phone and call fast-train toll-free.
1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
That's 1-866-FAST-TRAIN or check them out on the web at fasttrain.com.
High-Train call.
We're Sports Radio 5CC.
UAM.
Oh, tired of that crap. I can tell you right now.
Me too.
1-2-3.
1-2-3.
Here comes Father Lee.
3-4-5.
1-2-3.
The Catholic De La Faa.
Father Lee Father Lee.
Father Lee Father Lee Father Lee.
Father Lee Father Lee Father Lee.
His balls are against.
La-la-la from the Stelibacy.
La-la-la-la in full-sorting.
La-la-la from the Stelibacy.
La-la-la-la in full-sorting.
La-la-la in full-sorting.
La-la-la in full-sorting.
La-la-la in full-sorting.
6-7-8.
9-9 on his way.
9-10-11.
4-5-6.
Good boys, go together.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
He's a lordly with you.
8-9-10.
1-2-3.
4-5-6.
1-2-3.
You've got to risk with the play.
1-2-3.
La-la-la down there.
On your knees.
La-la-la down there.
On your knees.
La-la-la down there.
On your knees.
On your knees.
One-two-three.
Here comes Father Lee.
Hey, Dennis.
Come out of the closet.
We know.
I played that's hopefully and then read that little bit about the Pope and not other cocker.
Ryan all of a sudden there he was on a float again and during a break Georgia's tell me he was listening to NPR
A couple of months ago and they were having some discussion on the priesthood scandal and the whole thing about the pedophile priest
And there is Dennis calling it on so evidently he's going from station to station defending the airwaves against all these anti-Catholic people
defending the airwaves against the homosexual agenda of the world
same rhetoric not making any more tired crap like I said like a dog chasing the tail around in a circle
Dennis hey how about saying a couple of Hail Mary's couldn't hurt
get out those rosary beads and rub a little bit Dennis maybe you'll get forgiveness okay for being a one-dimensional asshole
maybe it might help but I doubt it and look at that phone may is that phone on fire or what
well while that phone and where we're waiting for those calls to build up again with some more of these chronics
that you people miss so badly a state district judge in Texas has declared a mistrial yesterday
in the sexual assault and all a station trial of a former liturgist at St. John the Apostle Catholic Church in North
Richland Hills oh this is another piece of propaganda I guess
oh no
it's in the Fort Worth Star telegram so must be propaganda
Judge George Gallor renounced his decision just after noon yesterday when a jury of eight men and four women told him
they were to deadlock nine to three when the jury voting guilty
Joseph Mangone 45 of Fort Worth was tried to being tried on six counts of aggravated sexual assault of a child
sexual assault and indecency with the child the jury had deliberated about 13 hours over three days
and criminalistic court number 396 and four worth earlier in the day the jury foreman told Gallagher
that the jury would be able to reach a verdict if it were given more time court official said
but 20 minutes later the jury members informed the judge they were deadlocked
I'm disappointed the jury couldn't reach a decision say Jay Lafamay, Terrent County Assistant DA
but will consider a continue to pursue this a second trial is scheduled for January
I believe the jury considered all the facts that Brenda Hanson of Arlington Mangone's attorney
there were some of believe the prosecution didn't meet all the burden of the proof
the mist trial came after Mangone rejected a plea agreement offered by prosecutors on Friday
under the agreement he would have pleaded guilty to aggravated sexual assault of a child
and been sentenced to ten years probation with deferred adjudication
Monica was on a great length about here it was accused of doing this and acute
it must be another one of those thousands of isolated incidents that the church is trying to desperately to cover up
and doing a real good job because we got too many other important things to worry about
well if you took any profession and turn the microscope on the day that's absolutely
that's right make no mistake about that
like plumbers
right school teachers
school teachers all see now you get real touchy with that
you get Dennis upset again
134 votes on a poll pretty weak
which ethnic group has been most unfairly stereotyped on TV or in the movies
Italian 36 gaze 26 sub in his 24 blacks 22 New Yorkers 14 is spandex
six ten and Jews only appear
not a call on that board and these people wanted phone calls back on the show
the first two hours yesterday not bad I give it like you know about a six and a half
on a scale of ten the last two hours about a two and a half on a scale of ten
and so far today in an hour and thirty five minutes
can you think of a really good call we've had so far today the one guy who
forget what he was talking about he was okay was kind of boring all well
yeah about your fault well he was okay little on the acoma to side
but other than that
just the usual cockarit the usual crap
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
and you would think you think based on every time we asked the audience about that
oh yeah we got to have more of those calls back to make the show more entertaining
that's what it's all about the colors we don't want to hear your crap
you would think that there must be so many people out there with something to say
well was the first call I punched up this morning remember I I pretended I was
you and I said well what do you want to talk about oh I don't know anything right
huh about anything
I think maybe he like mispronounced where he's trying to say I don't know anything
is what he's trying to say maybe just what had his thing out of joint
his hair piece WQ I am
hey hi me oh are you okay just a quick comment on in regards to this
gays stuff on the Catholic Church it's ridiculous it needs to be stopped
and something needs to be done about it I mean it's more and more cases are coming out
every day and these people are blind they get a date on C
oh and an invariant interesting point
uh gay yeah oh my god I forgot what I was going to say
WQ I am
Nail yes this is Stephen sister how are you Stephen?
next Steve M sister
yeah how are you are do you pedal drugs to?
no I'm just calling because you're freaking my brother off by talking about him all the time
well see I mean you're here can you imagine how many Steve M's there could be in
Davie but I know Todd also there must be dozens of Steve M's in Davie
now they don't the Steve try to they don't all pedal drugs
what what what what does he do?
he's a painter well so is Hitler you know
this is a very important call folks this is the a drug dealer for Pete Lenny and the
Todd direct this is the drug dealer's sister on the phone right now and you're the
best caller we've had all day so that should tell you a lot about the phone calls
I'm telling you thank you me I appreciate it okay well tell Steve George
to be over after the show okay thanks bye bye rhymes with blow five six
seven or five and rhymes with Joe there's Joe Castello in there and by the way
got you were a thing through it in a waste basket I told you don't waste the money
on that the wedding invitation on airs fruity Tommy stuck his head in the door
quipy and so fruity we were getting faxes about complaining about the
response watch up a little bit take a couple think a couple of uh what you
call it's what do you call them what well Steve M's got him whatever they are
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha take a couple of
I was in book a little before the next spot you know what I'm saying
I wonder did these people hear that thing that we had this morning with the doctor
calling did they hear that call from OSHA?
The doctor that performed the surgery on Jake Feetler's thumb didn't need the same
doctor that performed the procedure on your coupé
um
the doctor performed the surgery let's think about that
what's his name Klein?
Feetler's doctor?
Yeah I don't know who he used to use George Colwell
I'm not sure
I'm not sure where he went
did he go to Holy Cross? I didn't read it
not sure
Well bottom line is it doctors can't tell how long Jason will be out
no you're not sure somewhere at least a month could be up to eight weeks
somewhere in there
Wally on the wall with your IQM
Hey you're IQM all the animalable
let's just skip right along let's make sure Robert dumps that but with all the good stuff that you hear in a morning show
which there isn't too much but the good stuff you hear on this show will make sure that
dumped it a man with no sense of humor a man who just absolutely goes into a panic when he
takes a little bit of a shot very sad mall very sad
but it was a very attractive but it was still wearing a Columbus day piece this morning
by the way
yeah the Christopher Columbus hair piece it was lovely
19 before 11 at 560 WQ way and pizza loft will flip your lid man in fact the brand new pizza loft is open right now as we speak
I'm gonna have to get in there see how a ponytail is doing speaking of hair pieces
Pizza loft has got that original brow at location in a university drive between given in 595
going stronger than ever when they got delicious Italian goodies
every day of the week lunched in her late night snacks
and when they got three different kinds of great pizza award winning lasagna
the best garlic rules you've ever popped in your mouth
every Monday is lasagna night like tonight at the pizza loft every Tuesday's egg plant night
did I say Mondays tonight? well Tuesday like I said is egg plant night
but one of these dinners on these nights gets a second for only five bucks in both locations
Wednesday kids eat food with an else can see Jeff's famous magician every Thursday is bite-knotted
the loft come on a motorcycle by one dinner get the second one for half price
for a takeout or delivery in the university location call 954-916-8880
954-916-8880 for the brand new store over there in plantation
now that he'll sunrise right beyond Walgreens it's 3a2-1999
that's 954-382-1999 the same fresh great Italian goodies the same low prices
and the same happy service with a smile on the post at both pizza loft locations open right now
yeah
we'll can feeling rugby
étana
link
with zero
Does they like how you shine their shoes under Lisa?
Oh, the way you wash and cough the white is cause.
George it Junior, say he trusts you can't believe you.
Do they like allies on the greedy oil wall?
But then he make you clean all the white house bathrooms.
The cup of things, the toilet and then scrub the floor.
They gel you, don't wear sandals, can't only go.
Your cold-kipped old little makes them wanna wretch and you.
Your nappy-legged lookers like it's even pro.
If you'll be what you could be, that's okay too.
One day while you be flippin' back at you, you may realize
that they treat you just like you're a star.
That's when your head will move from side to side from the leader.
It's your bush and rummage, they be cracker at home.
Number one with four bullets.
I'm gonna stick about that, that's huge already.
1046 at 560 WQM, Bill faxes and says,
Neil, please explain something to me.
There cannot be one man, a woman or even child on the Washington DC Virginia Mary,
who's not aware of the sniper story.
People all over the country have heard over and over about the white or cream-colored astro van with a silver ladder on top.
Simple logic dictates that the van has to be somewhere at all times.
It can't simply materialize, then disappears.
An average art bell listener might have you believe.
Now with every person who's outdoors walking, driving, etc.
How is it possible that something so obvious cannot be seen, detained and freaking taken care of?
What part of this do I not understand, S-Bill?
Excellent point.
Wouldn't you think they'd be like muscle up to every guy damn anything that even looks even close?
Wouldn't you think?
But then again you're talking about such a large area.
And you're talking about people obviously aren't keeping these vehicles up,
probably not keeping them out in the open.
And I'm sure there are a lot of those vans, and I'm sure they keep stopping them and checking them and finding nothing.
Right.
They gotta find the right one.
Yeah.
Is this before after they changed the coffee and bring out the phrase donuts?
Ask Mr. Moosey next time he comes on, ask him about that.
I don't want to sound that I'm a little skeptical about police work and the FBI and all of this,
but it just seems in this country, man.
They don't seem to be able to catch almost anybody.
Remember it's headbundi?
They caught him like three times, and two times he got away.
Just kind of walked out.
Well, I think I'm getting out of here for a while, you know?
Vatican, kid, this will get Dennis all whipped up into a frenzy.
Now, how come that fax is ringing again?
Is this gonna be another fax?
Q-I-M?
It's not even a... what is it?
That's you coming back at yourself.
Well, this is a strange place.
You know, I can't get out of here fast enough.
Like I said, Dennis, this will get you like...
You don't have your hand on your unit.
If you got one and one hand up your...
Right.
...over somebody else's.
Vatican considers barring gay men from becoming priests.
Uh-oh.
Squirt, squirt.
He just lost it, Dennis.
The Vatican is internally circulating draft proposals that would bar homosexual men from becoming priests.
A policy long discussed within the Roman Catholic Church hierarchy,
beginning renewed attention in the aftermath of these sex abuse scandals in the U.S.
No action to bar gay men from seminaries is likely anytime soon.
A senior Vatican official said last week, the official said the document,
which originated in the Vatican Department responsible for a Roman Catholic education,
is being passed around for comment from a variety of officials and experts and perverts.
It's being studied where far from formatting a policy the official be saying.
The initiative comes as American bishops are awaiting a Vatican judgment on policies they've implemented aimed at removing sexually abusive priests from parish work and possibly defroaking them.
Bishop Wilton Gregory, who had to do as conference of Catholic bishops,
was scheduled to arrive in Rome last weekend to receive the Vatican decision on the policies,
Catholic legal experts and Vatican officials have indicated they believe the U.S. rules conflict with internal church law,
and therefore may not get a full endorsement.
According to some reports, the U.S. standards may receive approval on an experimental basis.
There may need to be a to-see harmony between the American policy and candelot.
We had that story yesterday.
The wave of sex abuse scandals in the U.S. Catholic Church ignited a debate over whether homosexuality per se played a role.
The equating of homosexuality and abuse, wild critics who say there's no evidence that homosexuals are more likely to engage in abuse than heterosexuals,
which of course the statistics prove that overwhelmingly.
All sides agree many gay men have been ordained.
Gregory and remarks this summer said there was an ongoing struggle to make sure that the Catholic priesthood is not dominated by homosexual men.
Well, I hate to break the news to you, pops, but it is.
Not just by homosexual men, but by pedophile homosexual men.
By special category.
A survey carried out last year by the Catholic University of America found that 41% of U.S. priests had a gay subculture clearly or probably existed in seminaries where they studied in 55%
and the same for their perishes or religious institutions.
Now see, Dennis is all for that because he believed the reason that there's this scandal is because of the infestation of homosexuality.
Absolutely.
And all faggots are potential pedophiles for them.
But you see, I'm for it too because if they eliminate all homosexual priests from their priesthood, then they won't be in more Catholic Church.
Here's Jerry's fax of the day, which I saw in one word, and it's in the Schmidt-Candjury.
What is shame?
What is shame, Jerry, or whatever your name is this week?
See, that's another thing being here. They think they can get through to me with their chronic faxes because you're not going to like censor them.
But the only problem with that being as soon as they come off out off the press, they're running the Older Schmitt-Kinn in about 85 pieces.
165 votes on a pool.
Which ethnic group has been most unfairly stereotyped on TV or in the movies?
Italians 43, gays 33, blacks 31, southerners 29, New Yorkers 15, Hispanics 10, Jews only 4.
Speaking of Jews, Reveller and Italians, Reveller celebrated Italian American heritage yesterday without Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who skipped a Columbus Day parade Manhattan because his friends from the sopranos were told they couldn't attend.
I say let's hear it for the Old Mayor, huh?
Why not?
Sure. You go, Mayor.
You go, boy. You go, Jew, boy.
Parade organizers last week vetoed Bloomberg's March to plan a March with two cast members of the sopranos, complaining that the hit HBO show negatively portrays Italian American life.
That's why we're taking that pool today, by the way, for some people maybe a little bit slow on the update.
HBO likes CNN as part of AOL Time Warner.
The Mayor responded by saying he wouldn't show up if they weren't included.
It's like he's being spiteful said Kristen Coutunio, 23 who came in from Long Island to see the parade.
It's just a show. I would never say they're portraying all Italians as being in the mob.
The Columbus Citizens Foundation had sought a federal court order banning Bloomberg from bringing Dominic, Trinese, and Lurea, and I'm not pronouncing his name right by the way.
It's K&A-C.
That's what they said on the news last night.
They're always pronouncing it.
And Lorraine Braco, the Mondays Parade long fifth avenue, K&A-C plays New Jersey mob boss, junior soprano, Braco plays psychiatrist Dr. Melfi.
Bloomberg said he invited the parade to March because Braco waxes a city spokeswoman on environmental issues, and K&A-C makes a public service announcement for tourism.
After both sides of the grid organizers could invite or uninvite anyone they wanted to parade the judge said he had nothing to rule on.
Foundation by his president Frank Fussaro said they still wanted Bloomberg to march by himself, but the mayor skipped the attack on American celebration they have lunch with the actors yesterday.
They showed him in some little hole, some little, and Henry Burrow was eating in their twos matter fact.
And Josh Friedman.
Boy, he really got fat, you know what?
Good guy, Henry had a big smile on his, pushy look like a happy camper. His daughter is still a lovely young lady, but Henry, it's been nice knowing it's all I can say.
He just ballooned up like astronomical proportions. And of course we also forgot in our enthusiasm for seeing him about how he screwed over Raniri on whatever time, Waxi.
Yeah, we forgot about that.
Yeah, I forgot about it.
But while the wheels have been grinding, see, I was happy to see him and I like Henry, but he did F over Raniri badly there.
Well, just because they offered him the show and not Raniri.
With his buddy Mark Benson.
I mean, one day you're the news guy and you're like the guy sidekick and the next day all of a sudden you're taking over the show.
And Raniri is out on a street again, having a fend for himself after getting screwed over by Bob Green at IOD.
Wonder how little Bob Green is doing, by the way, wonder if he and Cheryl got their heads together on that project yet for that satellite radio show mine.
You think?
Let's take some more of these great calls.
What do you say? Well, mix it up.
Mix and match.
Okay, rhymes with catch.
Snatch.
Match.
WQIM.
Match.
Yes, ma'am.
Welcome to Back to Crap Town.
Ah, ah.
I have two comments actually.
One this morning when they played that, when the doctor guy called in about the toupee.
Right.
They cut off the toupee part.
So all you hear is a, that doctor that performed the surgery.
Right, they dumped it.
They dumped it.
That's why we're playing the whole thing, the unexperigated version.
Excellent.
And after the dolphin game on Sunday night, I switched to the national sports AM station there.
Yeah.
And they were going nuts over the gym bandage clip.
They kept playing it and asking who that guy was.
And what kind of a lunatic was he?
And who was working with David Howard and how unprecedented he was.
And they kept playing it.
And people were calling in.
Like, yeah, that guy's from Miami because he's gym bandage.
They're making fun of him.
It was, it was so funny.
Well, he'll, he'll take all the publicity they want to give him.
Yeah, and I haven't heard anything about that.
So I guess nobody else doesn't see it.
No, we, we talked about that yesterday.
Ah.
And I even went in there and talked with the man I talked about on his show about the fact that they were giving him crap.
And he, he don't care.
Yeah, of course not.
And of course when you have to work with Mo on the games, you got enough pressure already.
Yeah, but they were like defending the Mo and bragging on, on, on, on, gym.
Yeah.
Well, they're out of time.
They don't know.
Alrighty.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Bye, bye.
How do you like that?
We're going to couple of women on the show today.
And of course what they don't understand is Mad Dog's problem.
I don't have a penis.
That's why he talks about high pitch during the games.
Right?
Just like guilty.
Well, guilty, the rumor is, has a gigantic penis.
So maybe it's like when it gets beyond a certain point, when it gets to Merck, Milton, Brawl stage, you know, maybe it goes the opposite direction.
Maybe your voice like it's real deep.
And then it goes through a certain level.
And then it gets starts on the high end again.
You know what I'm saying?
It doesn't have to, that have to do with your balls anyway.
And it has something to do with your balls.
So like I said, when you're tilted over like to one side like that, you do have a lot of room for a bag on the chair.
It just, it just dawned on me.
I think tomorrow when I come in, I'm going to look, I'm going to bring my binoculars.
I think it's a boil.
Is that what it is?
A boil on his ass?
Correct.
Maybe that's why he's got that bad ass attitude.
That could be it.
9.56.
Boy, this is a long show.
You know, a 10.56 in QA.
Let's give that clock rolling.
Boy, I tell you, no response on a website today.
Everything's like primed out of a crawl.
Yesterday was like a big deal with these calls.
And who's that on a bad line that keeps calling again?
Hello?
Hello?
Another fax.
See, I rest my case.
These mother effin' of faxers, man.
These mother faxin' effers.
Huh?
They really frost my ass.
So that's another, it's the same thing we had on here before.
And they evidently keep dialing the machine.
The automatic thing keeps you down until they get their propaganda through.
Which we still don't want it.
Send it to Dennis.
Give him something.
Oh, maybe it's for the church.
Maybe it's a sale on Rosary Beads.
Hey, my good buddy.
Troy was on our channel four last night.
He'll be on again tonight.
And tomorrow, I'll be clung about balance for life and about how you can lose weight.
The easy painless way.
There was one moment on there said,
What I like about it most is that I don't have to go shopping.
That's right.
You don't have to go shopping.
You don't have to count calories.
You don't have to do a damn thing.
You said pick up your little black sack.
By six o'clock in the morning.
They leave it right outside your door.
At your house, at your work.
Where were you hanging out?
Three gourmet meals are in that sack,
along with two delicious snacks.
And they're all based.
This whole thing is based on very serious,
Dr. Berry Sears, the zone diet.
All the meals are home-only balanced to make sure that you get the proper balance of carbs and protein and fat.
And the weight just pours off your body.
And there's plenty of food in that sack every day to keep you fooled to your gullet.
So you're not going to be starving all day.
Like I said, no counting carbs, no counting calories, no hard decisions to make.
The only choices you make are when they send it at little menu.
And you pick from two choices for each meal every day that you run a program.
So if you're tired of being fat like Henry Burrow,
if you want to lose some weight, if you want to live a long, healthy life,
pick up that phone and call Balance for Life because this is the delicious, intelligent way to go to losing those pounds.
Beasts has lost over 55 and a half pounds on Balance for Life.
Call 9-5-4-568-3229.
9-5-4-568-2229, visit their website, BalanceForLife.com.
And don't forget, channel for new 6 and 11 o'clock tonight you'll see Troy
and his lovely little earrings on air again, too.
Live and local.
Here's SportsWinion 560, see you in.
See you in a...
And it's, I am a pussy.
Nihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihih
Spook!
Howling, howling, the masses may grow Yo!
Howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling
Howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling
howling, howling, howling, Howling, howling, howling, Howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling, howling
And you notice I should see it's my fault because I haven't taken these calls for a long time
I'm out of practice when he started out can we talk about anything you always starts that and you can be talking about
The sniper about war with Iraq you can be talking about the ball games in a weekend anything and right away
He starts to get with his professional Catholic horsecraft and homosexuals again. That's all he knows
That's all he freaking knows
And let me say it for the 400th time in my life. I have never met anyone who gives a crap about homosexuality
Who isn't in a closet never met anybody who isn't obsessed about these things who isn't a closet faggot okay
Faggot
That's what you are Dennis faggot. What's it to you?
Home all one who gives a crap who you did little okay as long as there are legal age which mostly are preached by the way
I haven't figured that out yet. That's where the problem lies
Home all ahead of all whatever that's not where the problem lies in the bed with father or two. That's where it lies and
Speaking alive well, why even going with you know free and reek a tickets man all you want. We're not where you're gonna be singing
I don't know we don't know
It's sure better not be in a cow pasture up there that what he's always plugging where I went and saw the back door boys that they oh man
God soaked God almost pneumonia up there
Up there in Palm Beach County. I wouldn't go back there if they paid me by the second if and Mickey was gonna be there naked
With Tom Welling
well
In fact, I'd probably be there sooner
They're gonna be there naked in like a pouring thunderstorm
Huh
Oh in this week by the way tonight see you see how we work our way into these things tonight's Tuesday
I knew that sooner or later I'd remind myself cuz George ain't gonna remind me you know small potatoes to him
This is important heavy-duty stuff. Oh here's a nice facts. Look at that and it's from captain sing. It's a blank page
It's a black page
Whatever you sent me captain sing it didn't come out. It's not a nice black page wasted a lot of ink though in our machine
Crazy person now. What were you gonna say the a arena? Oh
And the Merck and airlines are we know well, that's not a really a bad place
You don't want to go in that neighborhood very often
But it's not a bad place to go see Enrique and November the tooth what day of the week is that it's a Saturday a bet
Well the reason I knew that is because November 5 is my birthday and the selection day, which is always on a Tuesday
So I knew that the uh huh Saturday November 2nd and Reake at the American Airlines arena
How many free tickets would you like huh and Reake at the Grease's he's gonna be there naked
You got in fact you remember that thing we saw on MTV yesterday where they were all greased up with whatever that was
He's gonna huh you're gonna be able to jump into a rubber tub with Enrique and just grease it up
I mentioned Dennis would like to go to that Enrique's Catholic, you know
I guess Dennis probably don't measure up for that
5 6 7 0 5 60
W Q I M
W Q I M
Speaking
Paris blows does it really Paris sucks are you comparing Amsterdam to Paris?
Paris is a beautiful beautiful city a lot of interesting things to see but the people there are
nasty rotten everything you've heard about them is true times 10 don't go to Paris. Where do I go and Amsterdam then?
Where do you go? I mean to a house but
You see what I mean you see what I mean again about these weekend call
The buffet and Amsterdam. How do I attack the buffet and Amsterdam? I wish I could find a good buffet
Oh, let me tell you about that Indonesian novel a raffle house whatever that was a raffle house with Bob Vermuth
Oh my god, that was a place where I'm even
Even a roach is right out of that place. They don't want any part of it
Although they turn out to be a Ben and Jerry store
Not not just in fact we're sitting up there during the meal and on the one side this is the truth
This is in the lightest plan
Lights a plan. I'm sorry and on across the street. There's a Ben and Jerry store now. What's the store a jammin?
J a m i n yamen. I'm sorry. They don't pronounce the J in Dutch
Yaman. It's a candy store. There's a chain of them and the one on the dam rack in the middle of the in the middle of the tourist area is
The Yaman's got a Ben and Jerry section in front where you can buy cones and stuff
Well, this Yaman just has they don't have that the reason being that
Just a half a block away. There's a Ben and Jerry store which that's all they sell has Ben and Jerry's
And you go around a corner from there and you see there's a big Hagen Duster which that's on which I don't like Hagen Duster
how do you like and
And then there's this new it's called Argentinian a new ice cream. It's a new gelato
So there's like let's see there's like four or five unbelievable ice cream places within about a block
So let me ask a deal where would you go? Where would you stay? Oh man?
I'm going to Vegas for the first time get a life you people get a freaking life
Okay, I'm tired of talking to no life losers get a life get on a plane and go someplace get out of here and you'll discover what
I'm talking about this is not the real world. This is the end of the universe
And if one more person comes here and asks me oh gee, it's kind of like term like a joke host though
I like you a lot but the fact of the matter is I don't want to talk about it. Okay. He wasn't Toronto
He sees like it's a real living and breathing thriving city. We're living and breathing wonderful friendly great people all under the edge of a hundred
I'm tired of explaining it already. You know what I'm saying enough is enough this place blows blows
Where should I go what should I do? It's not like god damn L Martino and the godfather
Be a man for Christ's get Marlon Brando in here to slap on the side get moan here to slap on the side of the head like he did to the beast that day
alleged. I just made it up
I'm just gonna play that the doctor call all the rest of the show you know
Just because I'm so disgusted with these calls the doctor that perform the surgery on
J. Fiedler's thumb
Didn't need the same doctor that perform the procedure on your two pay
Um
And like you said even lyric king you know how to good come back. I don't have a ball spot
You know like that say anything have a little light up a little bit
It's better trying always to cover it up. For anything wants to cover up the ball spot
And then he wants to cover up the guy damn call
I don't get it lighten up a little bit people are fun and you okay? They're having a little other dicking around with you a little bit
Mo
Jesus what a hard ass and of course the sports nerds that's one thing I'll say he's got going
I don't know if there are enough of them to make a difference when a book comes out
But he's got those sports nerds man. They got their head so far up as asked that even gildey kink it in there again
That's right. They're just all jammed up in there. Oh, he's the voice of the fans the fish that yeah right fish this
Although fish is one of his commerce who loves the show by the way how you doing fish
He's the one of his commerce. It's got a sense of humor that understands
I'm giving this guy 80 billion dollars worth of free publicity
Which you ain't never gonna get from Greg Reed. I'll guarantee you that or anybody else in this company because they're bunch of cheap pricks
That's what Bob Vermood said in the middle of his
Indonesian buffet
And he also was pretty pissed off about the guy damn sales manager is back there and dicking around with what's his name?
Pretty upset about that. I've already told you that several times
But it always amuses me when I talk about it again. Oh, and I got a great skunk story speaking to screw in
yeah
What about the smell all the skunk won't mind
No, I'm serious. I have a skunk story in my pile. I better get with it
You know, I'm wasting my you people. I want these stupid ass calls
That's for you. Okay, give him a raspberry
You have a guy like all of a sudden I went away for seven months
Out of town doing the show taking basically no calls and now they're gonna have something to say
based on what
They had nothing to say before after all 25 and a half 26 and 26 and a half years excuse me
And now all of a sudden they're gonna have something to say no
They don't even want to go out damn pre-tickets and Ricky. I'm sorry
I'm sorry sweetheart. They don't want you to take it. They don't want you to get there. They don't get there
They know you can't sing anymore. He used to be able to sing a little bit now
He's done the smart thing. He discarded that. He's into the flesh thing now
Just take off the clothes put on the tight white brand new t-shirt and like you know throw his crotch around lot
There's nothing in there, but throw it around a lot
Are you still on MTV? Yeah, I've never been big on Christine Aguilera as you know she
No, I don't I don't want to hear about it. Oh man. You know something
I'm right. I was just about to say let's get some lunch in here now just to piss off Troy
And she makes me lose my appetite for life
She's grotesque she's skanky she's scrawny. She's got a nose. She's got a needle nose
Oh, she looks like a female Wayne Gretzky is what she looks like needle nose
You're crazy man. She is a scabby bitch Christina Aguilera. I'll take it. She couldn't lick Britney's uh
Oh, no, no nobody comes close. Don't but you sure like to see what we do right now
Can I do the break or are you gonna continue oogling about some ugly bitch
It's 11 after 11 at 560 wq and we all have different lifestyles believe me
Oh, you know how that works Dennis
Therefore we need different products to make us feel better and be healthier
Old-Element Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical rate olive oil with vitamins minerals
Other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support scientific a specific health needs
Look for old-Element's three new formulas. There's one for sleep one for weight management Henry
You know what I'm saying? Oh, and coenzyme q10 coq10 always you the benefits of pharmaceutical rate olive oil
It's an outstanding product and it's available at public set records in Walgreens if you'd like to get more information about how it works
Colored tool free number one eight six six olio-med that's one eight six six six five three six D six thirty three
You can also order Oliomad products online at olio-medamerica.com and if you visit your nearest pubic store and buy an Oliomad product in
Broward or Dave counties you can get you a coupon good for a free Larry cocker bobble head down
Oh get a whole bunch of those while supplies last
Don't forget to visit their sampling provision at sports time every Sunday when the dolphins are playing home games
Pick up free olio-med samples and product information stirrup in the healthy right now get some olio-med and pop it in your push
First talk radio. I've ever heard my livers on w outie
You
Not till they bet your glad
I'm not a baby. I finally turned
And I'm scantily glad
All you want to do with me
Not a baby
But I'm really hot
Well, it's because
I'm not still
I used to be and
This schoolgirl dress way above my knees
When you think of what you do to me remember that
Legal baby that's so fine. I'll take it what I pay a lot of money to watch her do time-wailing or the other way around
Anyway tonight I started to mention I interrupted myself with some very important stuff
Tonight's Tuesday at smallville light and speaking of doing tonight's tonight
That we see the dark side of Clark Clark kids dark
Not as dark as Malcolm, but almost then what they said that was the promo the dark side right and he starts
He's wearing a black leather jacket, you know
Looks almost like Tom like us
Sorry Tommy just a joke
How's the peeping Tommy remember that call yesterday? I couldn't take the character that met Damon play them Tommy
And Freddie Freddie was the other guy they have not just you didn't see that. No, anyway, didn't you? No, it's a fact movie
What's an infant the talented mr. Ripley and what's his name was kid just swallowed the ecstasy?
Jew law was in there Jew law he swallowed oh, that's right the kid
Don't you remember that story from later you better follow these stories
Missed you better keep track of this crap and it's a good that damn good thing that both of us have a sharp
Might or I would have read that whole damn marine doubt column again, you know
You people at the herald and a sunset
Well, I understand that a lot of newspapers reprint our syndicated articles from columnists
But when you reprint them like two weeks later
It gets a little bit still. It's like last year's goddamn hollava, okay
It's like last pack of paisas mata you goyishabasters over there
God that's the problem in this town too many goyem
My late friend Alan Finkelson used to tell me that all the time and I thought he was exaggerating little carry to it
He's right too many goyem here, man
As opposed to Toronto where we got plenty of Jews and chinks and
Pack a stand it pack their pack in it all kinds of people fags got fags up the ass up there, man
We got about like to say maybe 3% of the population is straight just enough to get the reproduction going
Here's the fact that says
I can't believe I'm sitting here in my office in the New York State
Senate listening to your show and Albany New York. I love it. You ready for this
I'm a newly from way back 81 to 91 when I live in Fort Lauderdale the WIOD days with the bird and the Zeta Morning show and that's
Skank Alice Rantel was around and that blow hard Steve Kane
I have old shows on tape still I listen to many times what I needed my Neil fix now
I continue in on the internet and he writes
Daily love you Neil. I'll be a Lauderdale Thanksgiving week. I'll call the show Don Millington
How do you like that, eh? Oh?
Thanksgiving week
You think I'm gonna be here. Thanks you. We just have Canadian Thanksgiving yesterday. By the way, happy Thanksgiving
Hey, did you know that yesterday was a Canadian Thanksgiving idea? Yeah, it was our Columbus day and was there thanks giving
Same kind of a deal the engines saved them from starvation. I have no idea was I wasn't there
See, I wish I would have been there
But I was here so all I heard about was Christopher Columbus and we don't want to soprano is marching in a Columbus day parade
Because there are a bunch of grease balls portraying a restartio type
I'm changing the pool by the way because we don't get much of response on this
And we've had let's see for yesterday and two to over five hours of calls today Don hey Don
Maybe you'll be able to call the show and maybe not
Because I don't know about this call thing. What's your verdict?
I think you nailed it yesterday two hours and seven months. That's about right. Yeah, two hours every seven months George
Is this about the plenty anyway?
207 votes as you think you're his listen right now
He better be he better be all of it is post-along time
I'm sure if we didn't go to public's way and that slice turkey, you know at the deli counter
See you have it on sale. I'm not joking you. I threw that out good like a day or two before I go down
I must have bought that at public's at the deli counter with some other stuff and I saw it in the yesterday
I had seen that story over and over again about the Listeria
And I'd seen that it was like slat turkey and chicken product
And so I just ran right to the dumpster and tossed it out don't even give it to the dog
Boy, I sure hope that the schwarz is a clean the garbage out tomorrow. Don't the uh, huh?
The box you don't think that they go through the bags in there doing
Huh
For like a little snack here in there whose bags anyway
Moes he left it on the seat this morning man, and it was leaking is what muff told me little leaky
Which ethnic group has been most unfairly stereotyped on TV or in the movies was our first poll today
We're got another one coming
Italian's 51
Seveners 41
Gaze 38
Blacks 36
New York is 19
Spix 14 and Jews
Eight
Jews eight
Locks and vehicles
Kishki
Etc
Anyway, here's the new pool. You ready? I'm ready because we want to make them feel that they have some input in the show
You know like uh, well, they don't but
What do you think of the colors now? That's my pool. Well, the reason I'm phrasing it that way is they had all day yesterday
Right and two and a half hours almost today
And maybe maybe they forgot
Of course every time you're on you take some calls, but that's that's in kind of a different category
Huh? No, it's because there are a lot of people out there that just want to bust your ball just under general principle
What do you think of the colors now four categories which they're they're similar, but not the same they suck
They're great
They make the show or they kill the show see I don't want to put any other nuances in between like they're okay
I want some definitive response here. All right
Got it Eric that's it. What do you think of the colors now? They suck
They're great. They make the show or they kill the show. That's all give you a little input anybody want any and reekate tickets
Free what he grabber wants to give away about five thousand tickets. No
Get some people in there to see and reek a moan and groan and rub his belly
Isn't that what he does now?
Does he he rubs it? Yeah
Florida now and I heard this morning they and they have a promo they not only played Mo and the mad dogs call the a winning field
They're by Olinda Marre
But they also were playing the gackies call of the mist field goal by FSU there
I never heard Joseph Gackie get so emotional in my life
He didn't even say he crushed it
It was uh shocking just spellbinding out of why way to go Joe
You still suck, but you're a good guy and Joseph Gackie's okay nice guy means well never so afraid train
They fired his acid to iod if you're almost done that plane crash if I told that recently yes
Is he got that new pull up there or not so here's the skunk story scurran
If you've seen a skunk or smelled one in last five years the state wants to know
I haven't seen a dead skunk on the road for a while said Henry cabbage
Spokesman for the Florida fish heads his name
Spokesman for the Florida fish and wildlife conservation commission
Neither have the agency's biologist. They wonder whether the skunk population is taking a plunge so they're asking the public for help
The state is more sophisticated ways to count its wildlife species
But this all points bulletin for skunks is a preliminary fact finding mission
This is a true story. This is from the a and p
To find manatees biologists fly over waterways alligator populations are counted by mapping all of their habitat
And estimating that a certain number of geaters live there black bear biologist collect fur on fences and trees and analyze its DNA birdwatchers count
Uh something sightings. There's a word left out like I said a and p sucks
I guess it's migration sightings. It says my gr and so on and one
Skunks aren't protected by state law in fact
It's legal to kill them year round the black and white animal about the size of a house cat is sometimes killed for a shiny fur
Oh, I never heard that did you yeah skunk fur? Yeah, it's a novelty makes stuff out of it
Would you kill that skunk fur?
But if the numbers don't look good for the skunk to stay could decide to come up with ways to protect the species
Skunks are found throughout Florida except for the keys according to ricks and bran or a commission biologist
Based in West Palm Beach Florida's home to do different skunk species the striped skunk and the eastern spotted skunk
Both species prefer wooded areas weedy pastures and brushy fields in urban areas they often find refuge in brush piles wood piles and overgrown areas
Striped skunks may be active there and I put our most active and late afternoon through the night spotted skunks
They're most exclusively night creatures and sleep through daylight hours
Wildlife commission biologist Kristen Nelson was collecting the information said she's been taking some kidding for the skunk search
With their stinky spray they can shoot up to 15 feet. I bet you like time-welling
Huh?
Well, if you're gonna be Superman, right
Uh skunks have an image problem. It says she doubts anybody will
Form a save the skunk society, but Nelson isn't phased every creature has some sort of importance in the ecosystem
Even if we don't know what that important is she said even
Has got some importance
Ever see his family tree?
No
You know to see who's hanging out up there in it
Let's see here's the fact that says the colors kill every show please stop
Mandage goes off at 115. Well, what does that mean they shut him off at 115?
I'd rather listen to bino and hank
Than any caller please give uh sticking it to gun uh, uh, what is this?
Please keep sticking it to gun carrying pussy ass baggots and more of course to okay no problem
All you gun-caring pansy ass baggots or whatever that said screw you
So what's the deal we got to he's working on the new pool and I just go and Eric he's right on top of it
I knew he'd be home right around lunchtime he doesn't go far from the house. Can you imagine
Is he got a freezer?
I don't know the freezer huh? No, I don't mean in the refrigerators like you have this
About the big old-fashioned ones that they keep in a garage right how much he's got a couple of those
Yeah, he eats like a bird yeah, yeah right on
They leave him all
Oh, these pages are starting to come out like in see I thought you were gonna get with muffus today and get him to do something instructive
Like find out who can fix it with the uh very expensive fax machine the printer that I got back here that I paid for with my higher higher in the
salary I
Thought you were gonna do something about that he wasn't around well get get his ass uh get a hold of his ass
Wouldn't be the first time or I wasn't around let's see not ethnic groups gaze New Yorkers Southern
Well, that's uh whatever
Phil and cross brings big lens Samuels fans. She thinks you're god by the way now. She coming by here today very briefly yes, uh-huh
I love lens Samuels we're gonna go to lunch that's good so in other words when I get out of here
And you you've already explained why I have to leave real fast as gotta see my elbow doctor I told Brian
I hope he passes along to her because he's a reason to be a real pain in the ass. Okay. Wait till he sees his check this week, man
Gonna have to bring the goddamn Mount Polymore telescope to see that total get one that Brian could be in a pain in the ass
Quit being a Yenta
He reminds me of people that like slept me around to show me off to this one and that one great
Worm thing used to do that and our rimmer does the same thing. Oh, here's the new Rogers my good friend. Yeah
Leave me alone rimmer. That's why he's out of town. He's a Minnesota
Let's see. Let me vote on this new poll. We got the new poll a boy Eric's on top of it now, man. He is really smoking it
26 after 11 at 560 WQ way macro shopping is a plain old waste of time do the smart thing for once in your life
Pick up your instrument and call my good close personal bodies of dollar mattress
That's what I do. But once every three four or five years six years seven eight nine whenever it is
I don't mean how often you think it is I never paid attention three or four years every three or four years your old mattress
Has had it it starts like not feeling too good and it smells bad. God only knows what you've been doing on there
So pick up the phone to call one 800 mattress right now and get the ultimate freedom of choice for in name brand mattresses
Because they got the top in the business
Serta and silly Simmons and King Coral nobody in the universe can match their exceptionally low everyday prices either
And because they have the deepest selection brand name mattresses
Then don't give you the old bait and switch you always wind up with exactly the mattress that you want and an unbeatable price
And as far as deliveries concerned like I always tell you it's when it's convenient for you
Not when they decide to show up you pick the day any day seven days a week in the to our window
Just like Miguel said and they'll be there. It's like a miracle
And also they give you that 30-day in-home comfort guarantee
So you can test it out the real way by sleeping on it and doing all kinds of obsessive things on it
Pick up the phone and call them right now. They'll be there in no time
And you'll be sleeping in real comfort soon
Call 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MATTRES or check them out on the web mattress.com
My, my, and look all this is 4-Trayal by City
You way, you way
Through the callers
One more
One harder boy
One boy to jog with to rope with and not hook with
One boy on a date with his breeze
One boy
A young harder boy
One boy to grab in the back and smoke to crack with
One boy
Maybe two or three
One boy
You find out
What religion is all about
God's will
Bless those who
You bring my forsaken
One boy
One special boy
One boy to pray with to play with get laid with
One boy
Maybe two or three
And my
He
Come to the center get back and forth love let me be two at five sixty double to quim see waste
No time it came in here we hopped on that fax machine
He twisted it heanked it and nothing happened yet, but he's working on it
Let's see how's that pull coming so far we got a new pull up there
What do you think of the callers now after a day and a half of real mayhem and uh merriment here on the new Roger show
They suck eleven
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha they suck eleven they make the show eleven
See so that's a standoff they kill the show ten and they're great for so you see what i'm saying
You're on balance there. It's not looking too good for all you bringing callers out there. Come to q.a.m
Yeah, I just wanted to let Neil know that we can fix the fax machine
Yeah
I don't know if you want to call our company or not
What's your company? It's laser md
Okay hang on a second talk to him see if he's like for real if he's like some
Experter
Because you sound like one of your people to me, you know
Um american officials caution they may be forced to drastically slow trade across the north and u.s
Border if the Canadian government relaxes its marijuana laws. Oh, yeah. What did i tell you?
I've been telling you up there with living and reading real people they're looking to our relax their laws
And here it's all oh well we're gonna cut off your water baby
We won't even send our hockey teams up there
The change has been considered by Prime Minister Jean Crachan's government would make the penalty for getting caught with a joint
Similar to a traffic ticket by contrast the zero tolerance policy the in the enderthal
uh
Agoo stepping uh policy of the United States makes possession of even small amounts illegal
I'm getting a tongue-tied just thinking about it all those pork bastards rotting in jail for like 10 15 and 20 years for having a god damn joint
U.S. drug policy experts say decriminalizing marijuana and Canada will increase drug use in America and trafficking by organized crime elements
On both sides of the border Washington will respond with tighter border checks that could hinder trade crucial to the Canadian economy a
And that Canadian dollar right now that loonies only worth 62 cents
We aware of that
So they 62 cents plus a
We intend to protect our citizens. We'd have no choice a john p Walters director of the office of national drug control policy
That that the fascist bastard to him it
The issue joins a growing list of differences between the North American neighbors who share the world's largest trade partnership
Worth more than a billion dollars a day
Despite their military ties and common democratic values Canada's traditionally adopted more liberal social policies
You bet and part to distinguish itself from its powerful neighbor. No, and that's got nothing to do with it
It's because they're more progressive because they've come out of the stone age
And because they don't have the pleasure police up there running around to try to tell everybody what they'll do
Examples include diplomatic ties with Cuba a ban on capital punishment or more lenient immigration policies
How do you like that George they might even let you in but I don't
They're really pissed off and fired up here about those Canadian marijuana laws and they're exerting as much pressure as they possibly can
Like Maria Bartoromo would say pressure. It's under pressure
You know the way she has a Santa. It's under pressure and her eyelids start flapping around that bitch
Of course you probably like her if you like Christina. I think you're just saying that to suck up the jokas still up
That was a really good video
She blows okay. She blows. She's ugly. She's skanky
She's nasty looking and just because they got her all dolled up in some stupid ass video doesn't mean she's high now
She's about as hot as a guy then block a ice okay. That's how hot that bitch is
Christina ag your freaking Lira
54 votes on the pool. This is gonna be fascinating now because now see now you've got a real battle going on
Tooth and nail you know what I'm talking about
You got the various interests because I have all these different people about a control the show out there
You know they want a program the show they want to manipulate it. They want to squeeze it
You got Dennis out there wants to talk about faggots all the time Catholic faggots, which I guess I'm being redundant
What do you think of the collars now Neil asked?
54 votes they suck 18 they make the show 17 they kill the show 14 and they're great five
So let's see negative you're at the 70 31 and positive 23 you know I'm saying
Now if we had some good calls which I'm still waiting for some of those maybe they might change their mind maybe
I got so many important columns your man got a pilot's growing and growing and growing this is a great column by Peter
Walston in the
Harold on the Sunday and here it is already Tuesday genetic defect amendments like a virus to the bush family
He writes it's a great column. I'll get to it eventually if not today tomorrow. I don't think I'm taking any calls tomorrow
Oh, come on
WQ I am
WQ I am
Yeah, let me talk to you no chance WQ I am
Can't please talk to George. No, WQ I am nobody on there Q.A.M. Hello
Hey Neil yes, sir
I love the show. I think you're absolutely at your best when you're ripping the colors a new bundle
I think that's when you are a one-a the best sir, but let me say this to you
What is the what is there to rip a bottle when you're not saying anything? They got nothing to say
Exactly that what you want to hear is to me city every day for four hours and say that these assholes have nothing to say
We already know they have nothing to say exactly because part of the good thing is that you really go you rarely
Use screeners and you know like some of those other shows ask people like 20,000 questions
You mean like like Moe show where we have to be very careful that we don't that we don't frasnel his very
Delec at ego exactly
Exactly, so in it's
Catch 22 you know because what are you gonna do?
And let me ask you this do you think it was the same doctor performed on jfiedler's thumb that did most wig
I think I think I'm too pay. I'm sorry
Okay, thank you see this guy's not afraid to answer the question. He there was no long pause
There was no big pause you could grab a flea to mac trucks through there
I mean that you know city here and wit being eyewitness to that experience was so it was just a stroke of luck
I mean, it's not like we were
Did anything with great ingenuity we just a stroke where we fell into a bucket of crap there
But I mean when when they were George just having a punks of thing on and we're sitting here and like the doctor that performed the surgery on
jfiedler's thumb
Didn't need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your coupé
Yeah
It's the doctor who performed the surgery. Let's think about that
What's his name client now see I'm pausing it just just to interject this thought at this point
You see at this point they already know they've given Robert the high sign you know like to dump it
So that didn't get on the ear
So they're just pausing to like try to like I don't know why he's pausing even because if he understood how the damn thing works
He just goes right ahead, you know, he would start by giving the numbers out
Right he wouldn't even even respond because they didn't hear that part
Thought I want him saying
Fiedler's doctor
Gelly is fumping there baby
I'm not sure where he went. Did he go to Holy Cross?
I didn't read it
Not sure well bottom line is it the doctors can't tell how long James will be out. No, you know
You're not sure somewhere and least a month could be up to eight weeks
Somewhere in there Wadi on the world with you on QM. Hi homo. I'm out. I'm out of school though
Would you have been able to keep a straight face during that thing if you'd been sitting right there? No
Well Gelly like he there was he blurted a little bit up
Feeder he doesn't he blurted lip real hard could be
He bit it real hard. Let's see. What does this say? Oh, oh Neil God you see the Bruins go like that. I didn't see the uh
I didn't see the Bruins game I saw the Leafs
Pretty depressing
Trevor Kidman. Let's not start with a hockey crap. Okay. That's the surest way to say goodbye to the audience is start with a hockey stuff
That's one thing most got his thumb on even though for the wrong reasons
This is not a hockey town. It's not a basketball town. It's not a horse race in town
It's a horse in buggy town is what it is
It's the end of the universe and if you don't believe me just ask me and I'll tell you
I'll be more delighted to tell you that and that asshole
I woke me up at my doorbell 530 this morning. Don't do it again, sir. Okay. Don't do it again. That's my best advice to you
man
WQIA
Hello, yes, sir. Hey, yeah, what's up Brown? How you doing?
Pretty good. Hey, uh, I'm not much to say but what I wanted to say was
Jeb
He comes to when this women's job become the education governor
If you notice these commercials and then meanwhile I like to see and
Miami-Dade community college
Yeah, it's cream because they don't have any money for anything right
Everything's been cut to the fall. It's all window dressing
But I will say this if you notice that every two minutes. There's another Jeb bush spot
I haven't seen one Gilmacheride spy yet not one. I don't know who I don't know who is doing it in four-one
I'll notice it all over the place
The perfect perfect addition to his signs that put in that, you know, like the
Circle with the line through it. Yeah, they're everywhere excellent. I love it. Thank you. Keep it up guys. Keep it up
Band the bush and let me say it again if you tune it late then leave this pool just out to yesterday
48% for bush 45% from it broad. He's closing that gap and that's a pull that's got a four and a half percent
You know with a statistical margin for error
So McBride might even be a head a little bit and you notice how he did the same thing against Janet
Came from nowhere pastor like her goddamn truck was in neutral
By at least 10 votes
19 till noon at five 16 19 till noon. Are you kidding me?
Man, it seems like I've been here a hundred hours today and it's probably these great calls
Tom layman and hallowed Pontiac GMC saying no tricks just treats this year
Announcing the grade 0% Halloween event. It's going on right now at hallowed Pontiac
That's correct with the proof credit from GMAC you can get yourself 0% financing up to 60 months and all 2002 Pontiac and GMC models and
Select 2003's or take a rebate of up to four grand and here's even more good news
No payments for 90 days count them check out the complete line of GMC SUVs while you're there
Including that great snappy new envoy voted by motor trend as SUV of the year and the all new Pontiac vibe SUV
That's got the power of a great sports car
How it's also got a super selection of dependable use cars trucks and SUVs and don't forget if you can't make a deal any other car
Dealer in town if everybody else has turned you down
Tom layman's here. I'll cut you deal. It's the grade 0% Halloween event
It's going on right now at hallowed Pontiac and you'll find them in that same sensational location
They've been doing people right for 35 years plus 13401 South Dixie highway that's you us one across from the falls open every day
Seven days a week you can call them if you like a 305 to 380 40 and say happy Halloween
305 to 380 40 or get your ass on down there to hallowed Pontiac GMC who do be professional grade
The radio's all yours
You am
30
Well, he's a telehazzy natty
That's the money from his daddy
And if I step my little granny
It's an agenda that's scratching
Well, he's a telehazzy natty
No, but they're ballet
Oh
Well, he's a presidential son who doesn't have to run
No one else is on oh, and he might as well just move right in
She's hard
She's hard
She's hard
She's hard
He has a golden spoon
He was born with up his ass
So look out all you Jews get ready for the gas
He's a telehazzy natty
Oh, you give our table rights to whammy
Oh, he's a telehazzy natty
Love of the ballet
Well, he's a very wealthy Jew
With very bad issues
Who never paid his dues
My next year will all be screws
He's hard
He's hard
He's hard
He's hard
Any smart could win that race
Against buddy with K.Y.
Do you think they call it Gubber
Victoria Lanyway
He's a telehazzy natty
He'll leave the KKK happy
Yeah, he's a telehazzy natty
Gubber, ballet
Come on, let's do step
Come on, they don't
All right
Let's go
1.47 at 5.60
What me worry
97 votes on that pool
What do you think of the colors now?
He asked after like a day and a half of
Getting back to calls on the near-rounder show
Putting the piss and vinegar back into the show
Not too much vinegar though
97 votes, they suck 40
I love this pool man
I'm ready to embrace it to squeeze it
They suck 40
They make the show 30
They kill the show 18
And they're great eight
So if you take the two negative categories and add them up
It's a 58 and a positive is 38
Am I right about that?
It's a 58 to 38
How do you like that, eh?
And 38 wasn't at the percentage the other day
The 1 to 38 percent
So 38 seems to me
That's probably the IQ
Most of the people are called too if you ask me
38
A defraud Dennis is going to be so upset
A defraud priest who pleaded guilty to molesting all her boys
Will not get an early release from the prison term
He began serving last year
The Kansas parole board said yesterday
That Robert Larson's 72 should remain in prison
Because of the serious nature and the circumstances of the crime
And the objections regarding parole
Larson is serving a 3 to 10 year sentence
Will not be eligible for parole again
Until September of 2004
Oh!
He was retired in living in Willoughby, Ohio
When the charges were brought against him
I'm very pleased with how the judicial system is treated
The case said Paul Schwartz, one of the four victims
Larson was convicted of molesting
It actually gives me some hope that the judicial system actually does work
Larson spent 30 years as a priest in the Roman Catholic diocese of Wichita
The offenses for which he was convicted took place in the 80s
While he was passed to with St. Mary's in Newton
Newton
How do you like that?
I thought Newton was in mass
A tussence
He was removed from the parish in 1988 for what Eugene Gerber, then the Bishop of the diocese
acknowledged were several allocations of sexual abuse
He was sent to an institution in Maryland for treatment
And eventually stripped of his settlement responsibilities as a priest
There you go
He'll be cool in his heels and air for a long time
Maybe he's having a good time
Florida Governor Bush, his daughter Nicole must confront her drug evictions
That's what the telehassy Nazis said
Governor Jeb Bush has today his daughter's battle with drugs has stained his whole family
But she must ultimately confront her addiction personally
But I tell you he's got a really screwed up family, you know what?
You're a man
dysfunctional
I'd like to wave a magic one and have this devil be exercise from her he said from her life in her soul
So that she can make clear decisions for herself and live an independent life in a joyful one for said NBC's today show
But I can't she has to do it
He said the family would support her but you can't enable people that have addictions
They have to confront it
Bush is running a course for reelection said his daughter no most problems have been difficult for his family
It puts huge strains on families it creates a doubt amongst each other
If you talk to people you know it's hard not to blame yourself
Asked if he blames himself Bush said no I've stopped I've stopped I've learned not to but it's hard
It's really hard on families
But you don't blame himself
Because he's a good guy you know
Right it's just all the rest of it
Just ask him ask him if that he's a good guy
No well Bush well we know about no well into this you did that but a judge will decide if she can remain in drug rehab instead of facing criminal charges
Asked if he would rule out a future bid for the presidency
Bush said he was as likely to become a priest
Oh no that's what he said
I wouldn't rule out being a priest either Bush said that's not even on the radar and for people to speculate about they don't know me
We don't know him
Jebi we hardly knew you
Would you like to be the author of that book when he leaves the governors mansion at the end of this year
statement attributed to bin Laden hails attacking Kuwait an explosion in Yemen
Assigned statement allegedly from Osama Yimama bin Laden claimed Monday that reason attacks in Yemen and Kuwait were designed to coincide
With the anniversary of the war in Afghanistan and sent a clear and strong message to the world that his al-Qaeda organization is still active
The statement was just thanks to al-Jazeera network and posted on an Islamic website appeared of in written on a computer using an Arabic font
That looks like handwriting. Did you know there were Arabic fonts? No
Now you do the signature to the bottom is similar to bin Laden's distinctive style with loop at the end
I sure hope the little squiggle is none of that because that would be Gregg's
Still there was no way to authenticate the statement bin Laden's whereabouts are unknown in president Bush said Monday
We don't know whether bin Laden is alive or dead and then he went but the little like that
That's always my favorite part every time the president says something at the end he kind of gives that smirk and it would move it like that. Yeah
We do know that al-Qaeda is still dangerous and while we've made good progress
There's a lot more work to do Bush said thank you for your profound observations mr. President
Monday statement accused the US of occupying Afghanistan and planning a war in Iraq and order to conquer the Muslim world
That praise to Kuwaitis open fire on US Marines as brothers and arms with the 9-11 hijackers
The heroic Kuwaiti operation proved the extent of an angel that confronts American troops wherever they go in the Islamic world
The statement read America is getting ready for a new round of its crusade against the Islamic world
This time against the Muslim Iraqi people aimed at completing its plan to divide the Islamic nation in terror
Depart looting its wealth and preparing for establishing the state of greater Israel after expelling the Palestinians
A copy facts to al-Jazeera on Monday was nearly identical to one posted on the Islamic website
It was addressed to the Islamic nation on the one-year anniversary of the beginning of the American new crusade war
There you go. He's still alive. We think you think
What you dropped nothing just my glasses. Oh, nothing important
Hey, the only way about a half announce you don't worry about them small potatoes
125 votes on that pull another poor and then
See they didn't give a crap about ethnic stereotypes or ethnic sands. They gave a crap about the sands through the hour glass and what's his name
What was his name on the days of our lives? He's dead. I don't know. Oh come on. He used to be on there
McDonald carry you better give it
It's kind of scary that you know no McDonald carry never watch that or any other soap for that. Oh, so you wouldn't know a you know Malcolm
Yeah, just from you mentioned and you know Nick
Right from you and then of course there was Dan Stewart. Oh, we're fine
All those visions those fantasies those wet dreams about mecha made up all that crap
I remember oh he's gonna be sitting right there across you man Dan Stewart you are really something baby
Should have talked to Andy Barrow about Dan Stewart. Yeah, oh he'd had a few words choice words to say
He'd have had some and then we should have talked him about Jackie Bales too, you know what
He'd have really had some he'd have probably started doing little else same fight as dancing here
125 votes. What do you think of the callers now, eh?
They suck 51
They make the show 42 they killed the show 19 and they're great 12
So let's see it's 70 to 54
On the negative side so far
Here's a great column. Do I have time?
Uh, no
I don't have time. I'll do it after the break in fact the noon to one I'll get all the good stuff in
In fact in the meantime, let's take them or these great calls to help the audience make their judgment on this
You know, we don't we don't want to act them have them act precipitously WQ I am
Nail yes, sir
It's Ray how are you it's been 11 years yeah Ray
Yeah
153 last time I checked too
153 what I cue yeah, you said we're all at 38. Well, what can we do for you Ray?
Duane stop that's how far we go back yeah, and
You remember it. Yeah, and you don't play it and what do you got for us Ray? What do you call for?
Because I miss John. Okay, good
Uh, see what I'm saying now looking too promising on that one see a Ray another 11 years 70 Q a.m
They don't yes, sir isn't this the sniper area the same area where those Marines got
Arrested for beating up their wives murdering
Murdering their wives, yeah, right isn't that the same area? I mean, uh, it's like saying is this the same area where uh, you know, Kennedy got
Anagirated, you know, right because this guy who's doing it if it's a guy
He's too much of a problem and I mean he's must be military trained man. I see
Why do why do we do this we got 85,000 talking heads on there and 42,000 say oh, he's military or
Or police train and 42,000. He's not how do we we don't know who the hell he is because speculating kills a lot
Oh, yeah, kill some good time
We don't have any idea he's a sharpshooter. He's not a professional sniper. How the hell do they know?
They bring all these experts on like you said to kill some time because they got 24 hours on news channels
Papa papa beepie banned. I don't know what they're talking about if they were so smart they'd have them already
They'd string him up on there on god damn Dan rather at 645 tonight and get a 99 share if they were so smart
Which they're not
How are you folks? Well, look at this five four minutes to noon
That poker brain I'm gonna murder him. I'm gonna like sit on him like a like a like somebody squashed as a cockroach
Anyway, 4 minutes till noon at 560 W2QM 135 votes, they're pouring in on a pool now about your great calls, man
And let me tell you this, let me give you my own personal opinion, your call suck, okay?
They blow, they bite. I've heard better calls than my nightmares, okay?
I'd rather have that guy come to my door again at 530 tomorrow, you're in my doorbell, and rather croak before he comes back
Then putting up with his crap. Oh, yeah, we got this is Ray. It's been 11 years. Thank God. It's been 11 years
That's probably the reason I'm still on the air you butt plug you idiot
This is Ray like like, don't you know who that is?
I mean something like that. He's got an IQ, but he say 1.53 something like that
That was his grade point of 1.53. Hey Ray, you suck two, man
God
What a way to make a living. How that that mitchhersh? That's the only reason I'm still sitting here
Thanks a lot again, remember I know you're up in Minnesota, but I'm sure Phyrrol will pass the message along
Thanks again, remember man, do you owe me big time?
You know, when he repays me with doctors who try to fix my ailments. I'm getting from not having any cash anymore
Because of mitchhersh
Hey, Mitch
Cox a hoist, baby
Four minutes three minutes till new man then time is flying by. I'm having your carpets are we looking nasty and thank and even maybe smelling bad boy
Folks must be real slobs, but of course a lot of us are slobs like me
My house certainly is no picnic
And if you've been having a picnic on the floor and you want your carpets looking just like brand new call my good
Pisons and drag concepts trust me
This is one of the really fine outfits in this town. They've been in business for well over 20 years
They've been doing my house for over 20 years and once you're using the first time you wouldn't dream of calling anybody again
If you want to find out more about them you can go to their website at www.dryconcepts.com
But better yet, pick up that phone and call them
And they'll come there and drag clean your carpets and make them look just like brand new. It's like a miracle right on your floor
They smell em and refreshing a couple of hours. They're dry and you've got a big fat smile on your posts
And no matter what work you have them do for you
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job
And they also do an unbeatable job of cleaning your furniture and drapery spot dying fiber protection
Carpet repairs in plant or rental rug service the authorization
And if you should have a flood in the house complete water damage restoration too in powered call 954
370 778
954 370 778 in date or Palm Beach column tool for a 1 800
2 4 8 5071
1 800 2 4 8 5071 it's not just a slogan. It'd be the truth. Don't forget clean today and retain tonight with dry concepts
We're sports radio 560
UAM
The state Goldstein but you can call me Kelsey. Whenever I'm in town
I listen to wait a minute. I am in town. It's the 12 to 1 hour
The development
Moving from the left to the right on your radio and
bustling
Moving right to left
Oh from my left stupid
They're the front of your radio now if you look closely
Third down at about five
Thousands in a blue ribbon ever here. They're at the line is scribbid
Jake Hitler placing both his hands of the guys
I believe the name is
Hitler Hitler hands off to Ricky Nelson and that's that's let's cut away to our sidelight reporter take it away. Golly
Golly
Golly
Okay
What the hell you thought that man? I'm drinking gave away
It's like we we you oughta know how comes only don't worry that's
Moray I say it's more
Ray
Your big stupid
I say it's a worry
I use the crepid asshole
I don't have today honey your
I'm gonna promise microphone up your ass
Do you know who I am?
You watched the folks put home. I've been pulling games since you were just a kid
And what's that smelly green mold on your head growing out from under your wing?
I yet know good. I ought to see to it that your hands is fired
Directing totally a professional
I love it 12 or 3 at 5 60 Wtq. I am know why I should play one more time
The doctor that performed the surgery on
J. Piedler's thumb didn't need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your Q.k
But I guess a better not because other way can't afford that all that dead air. No, you know
We just pauses and pauses wait for that delay to catch up, you know somebody better explain to him how that delay works
Anyway, this is a critics of Bush and Cheney maybe two generous writes devin Nordberg common dreams
Dot com over dot org whatever the hell it is. By the way, Lynn
Samuel's got a great website go long on about right now or else she's in
So people do doesn't like you is that what you said?
Well, he's an asshole. We know that I don't shouldn't get you in trouble
But she's not really here Pete. She's not right here because he's obviously listening right now
He's probably under way over to the jiffy loop place to hire brook Daniels back
Let's get broke back on here. What do you say folks?
Critics of Bush and Cheney maybe two generous the growing number of critics accused the Bush administration
Have been citing war against direct to divert attention from our crumbling economy corporate corruption and bushes attacks on environmental protections against our personal freedoms
After all we call several other brutal dictatorships our allies including Saudi Arabia whose veckas stand in Pakistan
So why is Bush so determined to topple Sodom Hussein?
Perhaps the critics are too generous to suspect merely political gamesmanship or settling a score for dead for the allies and enemies that Mr
Bush and Mr. Cheney choose are exactly those of the oil industry. They still serve a rack crossed Western oil corporations
30 years ago and the oil executives have long memories in 1972
Sodom Hussein and his bath party nationalized the oil holdings of the rack petroleum company
Which actually was owned by a group of Western oil companies including world Dutch and American and French firms
The US and Britain launched an embargo of a rack and an attempt to persuade Hussein to be privatized oil
Attracted that succeeded for the US when an embargo to ran in retaliation for nationalizing its oil industry in 1951
In that case the economic squeeze was topped off with a CIA assisted coup and regime change was instituted the Shah's the new leader in 53
Obidianly the Shah agreed to let British and American oil companies take over oil production again
When the US instigated an embargo against Iraq who simply found a new customer the Soviet Union
Good timing also helped Iraq get away with the nationalization after a year after Iraq nationalized its oil
The 11 members of the organization of petroleum exporting countries OPEC agreed to pricing solidarity and forced oil importing countries to pay dramatically more for oil
The OPEC cartel gained the upper hand in negotiating with Western oil companies and insulated Iraq from economic attack
Near the time of Iraq's oil nationalization who say made a peace offer to the dissident Kurds in Iraq who were warring against his regime
The Kurds were about to accept his offer but President Nixon offered them 16 million dollars in weapons as an incentive to keep fighting
And they did with additional help from the Shah of Iran
During the subsequent Iran Iraq war US officials facilitated arms sales to Iraq while Israel sold arms to Iran
Not so much to support Hussein but to perpetuate the bloody war and out of antipathy toward Iran's Iatola
Khomeini who overthrew our handpicked dictator the Shah
After Iraq won that devastating war Hussein continued to pursue independent economic development
Rather than letting transnational corporations reap benefit from his country's resources
He worked to form the Arab Corporation Council to join Iraq with Jordan Egypt and Yemen in a regional trading block
Not surprisingly the Gulf War of 91 was welcomed by President Bush Sr as an excuse to bring down Hussein
Just eight days before Iraq invaded Kuwait
US ambassador April Glassby told Usain that the administration had no opinion regarding Iraq's border to speak with Kuwait
US intelligence learned of the invasion plan several days in advance but no deterrence was attempted
Although we didn't know that Bush Sr. deliberately invaded Iraq skeptics should consider that President Carter Secretary of State
Big New Brzezinski publicly bragged that US funded the Muja Hadeena of Afghanistan six months before the Soviet Union invaded 1979
An attempt to provoke the Soviets into an unwinnable war
Western oil company still aim to repossess Iraq's oil. They need Hussein removed to do it
So it shouldn't surprise us that Bush's wardrums haven't missed a beat even after Hussein
Conceded to the return of UN weapons inspectors in September
Mr. Bush seems to continue our tendency to base alliances less on a nation's degree of democracy peacefulness or freedom
Than whether they're open markets to transnational corporations thus trying to get friendly relations
La Cuba gets sanctions and Iraq gets threats of annihilation
It's a serious decision to send our soldiers toward defend our national security
For Mr. Bush to send them into battle to serve corporate oil interest would be ten about two treason
writes devon Nordberg who writes for reclaimed democracy.org and on-profit organization working to be storied citizen authority over corporations
Marine downrights
Am I gonna have time for this before to break I guess not
Like I said you got to like when and died it sounded like interrupting. I don't like readers interruptus
167 votes on a pool. They're pouring in maybe about you callers man and look at the calls on that poor now
They pouring in or what? Oh, they're pouring in not
Let's get Neil to beg for some calls again. What do you say? Huh? Let's get him on his back legs like a little puppy dog with his legs up in the air bay and for a bone
I got a bone for you 167 votes. What do you think of the callers now? They suck 69
They make the show 57 they kill the show 24 and they're great 16
So let's see 69 and 24 is 93 and the 93 to 73 on the negative side so far
What do you think?
Maybe we should give it another dude too. What do you think? No, huh? Come on
Another caller to five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T line WQ I am
Hey, it's the kishka kid. Hey, how you doing good? How are you? Okay?
How can it is? Canada is great. This place sucks. Oh, I know. Have you been to pump in a harness lately? Not yet. Maybe tomorrow
Why don't you go back to Canada you do bastard? Yeah
Let me just tell you is a stick
direct
Oh, I was I was promising there and although I are 30 old people
But my friend has a horse and it's a good horse
So if you see it it's called midnight rambler. Yeah, real good. Uh-huh
He won his last race and it's a great horse
So if you see it bet on it thanks for ripping my friends at Pompato Park
And have a great day. How do you like that?
The kishka lady ripping my good disponsed and I just do a spot for Pompato Park a little while ago
Yeah, yes, I did that's okay. They got a good sense of humor over there. It's been nice being with him for 25 years
Nine minutes after noon at five sixty WQ and that's another reason it's good to have the callers on it
Like they got yesterday balanced for life sucks. You know all these all these great people out there
Probably Pete Bulger's boyfriend calling me yesterday
You think he's doing Brook Daniels you think it's possible
Huh
Or is that a different ball of wax
Anybody know that story about Brook and her ball of wax
Yeah, hop on he got well maybe she'll wind up on waxy because he does have waxy bill if that's what Henry said
Oh, little Henry barrel. We try to get Mikey's job
He did get Mikey's job there for what about five minutes
Wasn't that right after we first came here to this god for second crap hole over station in that right after the beginning
Oh, man down on the second floor
In fact down there I beg for calls all I never get any that was the best part remember those days when we do in the whammy thing
And they were they were like taping me begging for calls that was it made for a very simple
I mean that night
With no audio hey how's this wammy yeah, I was like that it was really great going home and not being able to hear the audio watching
I'll have to store the crap nice going air boys
What that was that guys now? Well very diller. Yeah, she wasn't charged with that
10 minutes past noon at five sixty wdqm does this sound like you overworked underpaid stuck in some crappy dead-end job under appreciated
Be treated like garbage
I'll do yourself a humongous favor pick up the phone and call our good pies on the fast train toll free
One eight six six fast train because the demand for certified computer professionals has never been bigger and greater and better than it is right now
And fast-tracking up you chief of brand new career in his little is four months
Fast train is south load is largest certified Microsoft training center with locations in pepper pines for
Lauderdale candle in Miami fast-rain offers convenient day evening weekend classes too
They've got a full-time job placement department with over 30 years experience
So they'll get you started the right way if you're overworked underpaid under appreciated stuck on a really crappy dead-end job
Working for a real major assholes. Don't wait one more minute pick up the phone and call our friends at fast train toll free
There's no obligation call one eight six six fast train think about it and just four short months
You can be on your way to becoming a high-paid computer professional and a career with great earning potential
Take my advice and pick up the phone to call fast train eight six six fast train
That's eight six six fast train or check them out of the web if you like a www dot fast train dot com
How it dated
Hello Tony. This is my for a bill. Oh, yes. How are you?
I find splendid
I feel more likely woman now
What can I do for your bill?
I want to know why I'm not in your red dragon film
Mommy I
Charlotte no film there's no end to put the lotion in the basket
So I play much better psycho-caller than our carny
Like I said mommy
He looks good for his age
No, I have to work with Tony show
That's why I'm quiet today
Now that's grew up on my plans
How about a Tony help me out for old times sake
Tell mommy I always like you. It was only the lotion in the basket
Well, it was good hearing from you
The lotion basket I have to go now
That might be me. He's so typing me like
That's you should never like this
See you around me
It puts the lotion in the basket
Cup 16 at 560 wqa m
The registry port just what I always wanted
Somebody just facts to me
Heralda Rivera has a knack for getting to the bottom of a story
The larger-than-life Fox News reporter swooped into Fredericksburg
And spent the weekend to file reports following Friday's
sniper shooting at the four mile four to exa
Don't you think that maybe he wants he's like suicidal or something
Remember as soon as we started attacking Afghanistan he rushed over there
He couldn't get there fast enough right yeah
And now he's rushing up there to Fredericksburg
He arrived at the scene midday Friday strutting around in a black leather jacket and blue jeans
By 6 p.m. on the day of the shooting Rivera was autographing the seats of Fredericksburg
Who does waitresses skimpy or insurance while the women were in them
The not that he wouldn't be explored a situation you don't understand that any more than Jesse Jackson might
The hooters in fact maybe that's what he is maybe he's a white Jesse Jackson is what he's become
All the way has a better mustache you notice how Jesse's like an off-like unwhite he just can't get it straightened out
The hooters restaurant is located only about 50 yards away from the crime scene
He was posing for pictures with hooters girls inciting their rear ends said Jeff Leach a
Caroline County resident was at the restaurant late Friday afternoon
I thought it was pretty tasteless considering that while George would know if it was tasty or not
That's his specialty kiss and rear end or lick him lick and ask
I thought it was pretty tasteless considering the timing and proximity of the scene of the killing lead said
It was a circus atmosphere. Oh, her all the wooden knew that would he
A spokesman for the Fox News Channel in New York said the hooters autograph session was only part of a wider river
Autographs free that was perfectly harmless
He was all over the place at FNC spokesman Robert Zimmerman
He was giving autographs at the waffle house next to the gas station
He was giving autographs to Spotsylvania sheriff deputies
He was giving autographs to truck drivers maybe even a given autograph to the moosey man, huh to chief moose
Maybe you'll see them together the two of them
I mean, you know when you got a community that big. It's got any literate police. You man knew you and you wondering why we can't find a son of a bitch
Oh, look at this PO box a half a million dollar reward
We already know all this stuff that he put in the same crap about what we got him yet. No, we have any idea who it is
I'll tell you one thing that would be a great pull for tomorrow. Who do you think we'll find first the sniper or or some of in London
Huh in fact, you know something maybe it's him
Maybe it's him and even if he still looks like he doesn't have pictures they still couldn't find him
I could be wrong about that. I hope I'm wrong, but I just don't feel too confident about the work job they're doing
Revert declined to talk directly to a reporter but related comment through Zimmerman
He said he was honoring the request of his adoring fans Zimmerman said oh brother
Asked if that was inappropriate under the circumstances Zimmerman said that's personal opinion
I wasn't there. I don't know people are getting shot and murdered in a row of sign and who does waitresses asses
How do you like that?
And that would be do
Zimmerman also said rever it wasn't really covering a murder story about a story on the sniper
Management of the Fredericksburg herder's decliner coming on his actions there
But one of the waitresses involved confirmed that it tells she confirmed the tales
Who does has got a corporate policy forbidding waitresses from being quoted in the media
But one said I got his autograph. I don't like him, but I got it from my mother. Oh, yeah
Just like Lee Jay Cobb got it for his uh daughter. I remember that highlight. It was for me
man
The waitress and all working no play would make her rather a big bore
That's his job she said glancing toward the crime scene. He asked to have fun in his personal life
That's why they probably went out in the back and she banged his brains out or the other way around
What do you think?
More endowed rights Texas on the Tigris now that I already do this. I'm sure I did not
We'll start it out. We'll see I didn't do it for me yesterday's New York Times
No, yesterday I wasted all this time with these stupid ass phone calls. How is that pull coming on your great calls?
By the way, oh, let's take one on nine WQ I am hello
Yes, this is your chronic in games. Well, I move oh go away
Man, no, no seriously. You know who that is
That's that imbecile that's that moron who has nothing to say see
This is another problem with your calls is that none of you have anything to say when you're sitting in a house
You pick up the phone and you dial somebody's number when you have nothing to say
No, these are people who are desperate are striving for some contact with the outside world
praying that somebody will pat them on ahead and say you're okay. You're alive. You're at least we think so you're breathing
That's what they're looking for
It's not just that they have no life. It's that they have no contact
Man and who the hell would want to talk to these people anyway when you come right down to it
I'd rather talk to PD Lenny than talk to them. I'd rather be dead than talk to don't ever call me at home again
You maniac you drug addicted asshole isn't it great that we got Steve M's sister on a phone today? She still didn't
Didn't want tell me anything. She can give you the number. No, they got the good stuff there man. They got the good crap
You name it. They got it
Okay, I'm telling you they're growing it right in the backyard right there in Davy as Jeff hilltider
W to Q a m
Yes, sir. Why are you whispering?
No, cuz you're chronic
W to Q a m
Speaking
Okay, thank you doc
Oh
Howard david's proctologist in case you couldn't hurt. He said he's an asshole something like that
56705 60 pump by 60 on a tnt and horizon wireless line
W Q a m yeah, Neil yes, sir an effort to contribute I came up with something in sort of a stretch if
You're stretching it. Yeah, that's who if ethnic sands mother had married Lynn bias his father
Do you think they'd name their child ethnic bias excellent?
Thank you and have a great day and what he worked on at a long time ethnic sands man
So you're not supposed to say that you're just supposed to overlook it because you're supposed to be a dumb sports nerd
Anfony anybody out there named anfony
Huh?
How about that?
Uh, I'll speak sing it there mark anfony is that his name? Yeah anfony
You're talking about illiterate parents making illiterate babies and we wonder why we got this race problem in this country
Because you people out there are satisfied to have a lot of illiterate dumb shfarts is out there running around on loose
Which is dangerously? This is not good. This is not good at all
Having a boom box on one shoulder and a big chip and a goddamn gun don't help either
Shfarts it no more guns for shfarts is that's number one and definitely for rednext number two
Right but the crazy people they're okay crazy people we learned on 60 minutes sunday night
That's okay. No problem at all you want a gun? Yeah, but wait. Yeah, but wait a second no chance. You got it immediately if not
They don't even have to fill a thing out. They don't have to wait no waiting for crazy people
Anyway, Maureen doud writes I got to get to the this is too good
She said washing and this has always been a place where people say the opposite of what they mean
But last week the capital served to ominous new or woolly and heights
Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton voted let the president use force and a rack because she didn't want the president to use force and a rack
Giving mr. Bush bipartisan support. She said we'll make his success at you and more likely and therefore war less likely
The White House feigned interest in negotiation with while planning for annexation without representation
The Democrats were desperate to put the war behind them so they put the war in front of them
They didn't want to seem weeks that they made the president stronger which makes them weaker
Mr. Bush said you needed congressional support to win at the UN
But he wants to fail at the UN so we can install his own MacArthur as vice-roy of a rack
Port Tommy Franks may finally have to leave Tampa
Mr. Bush says he's an arrest to go to war with a rack because it's so strong
But he's an arrest to go with to war with a rack because it's so weak
In a Cincinnati speech he warned of a menacing Iraqi drone that could fly across the ocean and spray germs or chemicals on us
But Pentagon experts say the drone couldn't make the trip and we would have to be disassembled shipped over sneaked in and reassembled
Mr. Bush said he wanted an independent 9-11 commissioner to investigate more broadly
But one wrong with the government before 9-11
But now he's trying to kill a panel because he already knows this about everything went wrong before 9-11
He doesn't want us to know doesn't he know that we already know
The president's father lamented in his diary in 1991 that his Persian Gulf War didn't have a clean end because
There was no battleship Missouri surrender now the sun wants to skip the surrender and turn back then in the Houston east
Putting a branch of the petroleum club at the intersection of the Tigris and the Euphrates
Tom D'Aschel and I and fine-sten other daughters came around through his debut that a rack is an urgent threat
After the CIA director George Tennant's and congressman Maumon Monday stating that a rack is not an urgent threat
Mr. Tennett a Clinton holdover is desperate to please mr. Bush senators joke that if he gives the president intelligence briefings
While publishing mr. Bush you shoes so the CIA chief was embarrassed to find himself insinuating that W is hyping his war
After providing the smoking gun to show that mr. Bush has no smoking gun
The usually silent top spook was frantically calling reporters on Tuesday night to insist there's no daylight between him and the president on a rack
The top spook I thought she was talking about
No, not kind of Lisa
Let's see mr
Tenets as son of a son likely to initiate a chemical or biological attack against this unless we attack him and mr.
Bush says Sodom's likely to initiate a chemical or biological attack so we must attack him
The CIA says Sodom will use his nasty weapons against this only if he thinks he has nothing to lose
So the White House leaks its plan about the occupation of a rack leaving Sodom nothing to lose
The president says Iraq is linked to Islamic terrorists
So we must attack while the CIA says that Iraq will link up with Islamic terrorists only if we attack
Mr. Bush says the war in Iraq will help us win the war on terrorism
But somebody forgot to tell the Osama lieutenant a man also a hearing that who says the war on Iraq justifies more than terrorist attacks
Mr. Zawaih here is taped messages inside an al-Qaeda warriors to new attacks while we're preoccupied with our post occupation
When asked if Iraq in 2003 would like Japan in 1945
Erie Fleischer the minister of information said no it would look like Afghanistan in 2002
But Afghanistan is not even more dangerous than the suburbs of Washington
We've lost interest in Afghanistan because we're too busy trying to turn Iraq into Japan
The Nobel Committee gave Jimmy Carter the peace prizes wave going W the war booby prize
Still George Bush to failed Harkin oil executive and dictating the inept
Haliburton chairman will finally get their gusher
One day the president was shooting a dictator being rude and up from the ground came a bubbling crude oil that is black gold bagged at T
last part
We'll go back no 26 after a noon at 560 W. Can that's more in doubt in let's see what the in some days New York Times
It'll probably show up in the Sun sentlin about a week
Can you believe that seriously? I mean, it's one thing that takes syndicated commas to put him in
I've seen a day maybe two days later, but to put him in like a week later
Hey, guess what president Lincoln's got a bad headache you assholes up there to Sun sentinel man
Are they pathetic? That's right. I forgot we had some important ballgame. You know something. Aren't we blessed?
Aren't we blessed here that we had those two big winds on the Saturday and Sunday?
I've been talking to people all over the country and you know something
I told them and they all agreed with me you people down there are blessed
You know with alien and the hanging chads and all those old people with their hanging
They got hanging, you know their hanging bags or sunkissed and ball blessed. Yeah, by the way, lend me a apologize for the aroma of most bag when you walk by that studio
27 past noon at 560 W. Q. I. N. You know, there's never been a better time to buy a new home or reply to answer existing home
How about this? How about a rate of 3.95 percent? That's right financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95 percent
All you got to do is pick up the phone and call them get the information to how this be working call
1809 for OLE and D that's 1809 for O5363 the money you're going to save is
Unbelieveable think about it. You can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 450 bucks a month or get you a
200,000 dollar loan for only
950 bucks a month the process is simple and you'll save yourself thousands of dollars each year
Pick up the phone and call our pizons financial group and 1809 for Oland and they'll explain it to you
There's never been a better time to get yourself a low interest rates of call financial group
And you'll really be on your way to big savings
Financial group is an equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply and rates of subject change if you wait too long
So call them today
1809 for Oland, Ellie, and D that's 1809 for O5363
Why in local
We're sports radio 560
UAM
Bush
PICTAMANAU
Oh
With some crack in her shoe
And some tan X in her purse
She's the right skank governor's daughter who resembles after birth
She knows that that is the gum
So if she breaks the law, well that's tough
It ain't money or cotton is this
So just keep your big mouth shut
When it comes to family values
A prime example for all of you
They're ain't nothing like the morals of the good bush man
Please oh it's so crack in her shoe
No other foot powder will do
It makes your feet part of tingling dance all day
Come on you bitch dance
I try to spell to be the best
And get the best
Yes
1231 at 560 WQM 211 votes on that poll already man
This one is taken off what do you think of the callers now
After nearly two days of this insanity of this madness returning to the show
Are they suck 90
66 people say they make the show 33 said they killed the show in their great 21
So he had the 90 and 30 123 to 87
Furly close they just can't decide they're on offense got some bad news
One of our soft floor legends has died
It died yes
The outspoken an unabashed liberal radio talker whose career span nearly five decades died Friday
October 11th. Well, this is too. They already
This must be from the Sun Sentinel because they're a little slow and getting the news
died Friday and Miami following complications due to a massive heart attack
Accord according to the Harold
Probably took him the four days to get out of the bottom of the bird cage
After leaving his first radio job at WPAT in New York City
I thought WPAT was in Patterson, New Jersey. Isn't it?
Yeah
That's what the PATB stand in for me. It's in the New York market. Well, what do they know it's in the Harold
Guys and move to South Florida in the late 50s. He went on to host programs on Miami's WAHR
WNZ WNBM and WACSI
See look at this did I talk about Brook Daniels had WACSI build up and here we are again all ties in long time friend and former co-worker
WHRC and Larry King uh-huh
Told the paper Sam was an original free thing. I wonder Sam ever lonely any money
Don't be trusted else. He was a gutsy broadcasters. I've ever been around
He said guys and survived by his wife and two children
I will say this I never met Sam but he was the only broadcaster who did a TV show with no teeth
No, sir sir. I think there was at one time he couldn't afford false teeth
And he did this uh the dog racing results with the Tom jikker
Don't you remember that was only about a hundred years ago
And he used to do on channel 51 or one of those marginal TV stations the dog racing show and they'd play the tapes of the dogs
There goes the bunny there here. Go up comes the bunny. There goes your money stuff like that
And he would do the uh, okay, he would he would gum the results
Yeah, he was good because either he couldn't afford a teeth
Or he used to forget to put him in that we're like in the glass of polo that in the other studio or something
I don't know
Tom jikker can verify that this is the only matter where to and I shouldn't say that now that he died
I guess it'll make any difference. He was 89
That's not a bad. That's a ripe old age huh?
Teenager by soft Florida standards, but nevertheless
You don't remember Sam Geisen? No
Remember me ever talking about him maybe
Lewis and plantation remember him now Lewis that said that corn chery is special
Earlier you stated pull show governor push your head. How can people vote for that? That's an excellent question Lewis
How can anybody be that retarded? Maybe they just don't like dikes. Maybe that's what it's all about
Maybe they like that comedy made with the quotes around the other thing about the juicy details he had about those bull dikes
What has he done other than breaks our campaign promises for the last four years our education system ranks almost last
Amongstates and the DCF is in disarraying he's giving tax breaks to businesses and the rich he squadred a huge surplus
The only thing he's done is to help get his brother allowed elected or selected president lucky us is Lewis
In plantation and Lewis you are absolutely correct. You're right. You're thumb right on it Lewis
Now let's see. I did them oriental right? Yes. I think we should take some more of these good calls to help the audience
Hey might as well get out of the way today
Because I don't think I'm going to be experimenting this again for a while
I couldn't be wrong about that, but I think instead of that I'm going to read this
Peter Walson
Dateline floored a commentary in sundays herald genetic defect he asked amendments like a virus to bush family
It was clear long before we heard about governor Jeb dev a devious plans that the bush family doesn't take kindly to constitutional amendments
Or maybe it's more accurate the other way around amendments are not kind of the bushes the rocky relationship dates back to
1964 when a youthful George H. W. Bush answered the call of Texas Republican haunchos for a fresh face to run for the US Senate
That same year the ultra conservative John Burt society was pushing a series of initiatives
dubbed the Liberty amendments aimed at ending US membership in the UN eliminating the income tax and shutting down the federal reserve
Poppy worked hard to overcome an image as a Connecticut Yankee carpet beggar on his way to securing the GOP nomination in the field of far more conservative contenders
But the amendments haunted the Republican nominee in his political masterpiece what it takes author Richard van Kramer describes a questioner in one spring
64 campaign gathering a good old boy Kramer wrote wanted to know a bush out of the amendments
Poor bush was helpless he turned a barber the eastern made trim viseater needlepoint on stage no help there
So Bush said he hadn't had time yet to study those important amendments, but he certainly would
The answer were lacked thereof stuck with bush through the jenimor election and the amendments were credited in part for his landslide landslide loss
The amendment backers went solvety for burry goldwater in the presidential race that year
But didn't vote in the Senate contest 30 years later was Jebs turn
He was challenging the democratic incumbent floater governor Lawton Charles who was popular and entrenched but vulnerable or well-heeled national political machine
But too hotly debated constitutional amendments completed the complicated the race one to legalize casino gambling
The other advanced certain types of commercial fishing nets common among pan that handle fishermen
To the sun's credit he knew what the men or warts were created to do but he was doomed nevertheless
The casino gambling forces pro and con focused much of their campaign on black churches and neighborhoods
The antis preached the potential blight to the community in a salt on morality the pros said casinos would bring jobs
Unfortunately for Bush who told the questioner at one debate that year that he would do probably nothing to help blacks in particular
The casino campaign led to unusually high black turnout and no matter which way they voted on gambling most agreed to vote no on Bush
On the net ban Bush sided with the save our sea life committee that argued the net's jeopardized Florida's waters
Charles smartly refused to take a stand the result voters in coastal panhandle communities that would earn early a back Bush
Either voted for Charles or took a pass in the race Bush lost the election by just two percentage points
So it must be fate that brings now governor George Bush to 2002 another bout with another amendment the democratic will lead to his electoral demise
This proposal amendment nine would cap class sizes in the public schools
Bush is once again taken a risky stand. He opposes the amendment despite polls showing it has enormous popularity in the state
where public schools have long suffered inadequacies only this time he's not leaving anything up to faith
drafting his closest political confidence to raise money and mounting a campaign painting the amenities to costly
The amendment's political value is unending for Democrats and a minimum of its rattling the governor's re-election campaign
Ultimately should Bush win re-election
The amendment would force a huge tax increase that would open the governor to criticism that he mismanaged the state
That charge would haunt brother George W's hopes the winning Florida in his 2004 reelection bit and taint Jebs own future presidential aspirations
Paris the thought
Bush handed the Democrats a gift when he was caught on tape referring sarcastically to his devious plans for undercut of the amendment if it passes
But you can hardly blame the guy. It's in his jeans where it's Peter Walson the heralds capital chief bureau
It's in his jeans, baby
That's what Catherine Harris said she said she seen it and it was in his jeans and it wasn't much. That's what she said
That bitch
22 till one at five sixty double to come
We got the mad dog gym manager mishulus day two they probably have an apartment in their pants over there because you know
Something we're blessed in this community to have two great football teams were blessed
We know anything else. We got a bunch of old people
We got a bunch of people that just came off the banana boat
We got a bunch of Yahoo's with guns but other than that we're blessed because we got football
Maybe more than how could you want right? Right? It's all I need
221 votes. What do you think of the callers now? Huh? What do you think them? They suck 95?
They make the show 67 they kill the show 3500 grade 23
95 and 35 is 130
67 and 23 is 90
130 to 90 the antis are pulling away. You notice they're pulling away
Though in fact the more calls I take the more it's like driving a stake in their coffin. Look there's some on their known
Some what calls. Yeah, and you want to take them just you want to screen them you want to you can hear the rise brother
You can hear that a few times huh?
Don't forgive me no directions on here mister. This ain't the guy day one day than Howard Moe Howard show
I wasn't giving directions. I was just mentioning I already seen it. Maybe sick to my stomach
Maybe we want to leave here at one o'clock. Let me take it right now
Place you'll never want to leave and that's brandy shoes because they treat you so great
You want to be in there shopping around and sticking your foot in this and sticking your foot in that and I walk it out with a great comfortable feeling on your feet
They got the top names in the shoe business rock ports S.A.S. Spirys Timberland naturalizer and lots more and whether humongous selection
You can just about vet George's life
They always have the one you're looking for in stock in your size and of course you can't beat their service your selection
But most importantly of all they're everyday unbeatable low prices all this wicked brandy's rock ports
Which are some of the greatest shoes in the world rock ports on sale men's boat shoes only 4490 and men's pro walkers only
4990 that's only at Brandy's in pop it open daily night nine Sundays 10 to five and you be fighting them at 1290 North Federal
Highway and prestigious
Pompeo Beach
And look all this is 4356
One more tap at a one coat
Leave
Let's hold
So far apart
Please
Black
Who
Here you deflact the ancient mammoth, who be smart.
Does they lack, how you shine their shoes, come to lead the earth?
Oh, the way you watch and talk the white is cause.
George and Junior say he trust you, come to lead you.
Do they lack allies of the greedy oil wall?
But then he make you clean all the white house bathrooms.
They cut the seats, they're toilet and then scrub the floor.
They tell you don't wear sandals, cause they'll leave so.
Your conch is told, they'll make them all rich and few.
You'll not be late, look you slide, it's evil for all.
It's your feet, what you to be, that don't get smooth.
One day while you be snippin' pancakes, you may realize
That's a dream in you just like your esterone.
That's when your head will move from side to side, come to lead the earth.
It's your push and from here, they be cracked or asshole.
I'm sorry, Trevor, my side pump and ethyl.
I have no life.
Comforty five at five sixty WQM, let's take some more of these great calls.
You're right, we have a couple.
Five six seven, this could be your last fifteen minutes of calls for a long time on his show.
I couldn't be wrong about that.
But the way the pole is going, it's not looking too favorable.
Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T line.
WQM.
Oh, I'm giving tags like balance for life don't work.
I beg your pardon?
That's four from him today.
Oh, that's your buddy again.
Fat ass.
WQM.
Hey, what's up, him?
Yes sir.
What's going on?
What can we do for you?
Oh, he's got his finger in it.
Okay, he's got his finger in his...
Back, back, back!
When you get it out, let us know.
WQM.
QAM.
Body cool.
WQM.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah.
WQM.
Nail.
Yes sir.
We still love you, how of your crap have you put on call or not?
We'll still listen to you.
We'll still fuck up to you.
And we love the Mad Dog.
Yes sir.
WQM.
Yes, I would like to speak to Nail.
Speaking.
Hi, my name is Sherry.
Hi Sherry.
And you know, I've been watching this thing about the sniper.
And if I was those people, I'd be so mad.
Because they aren't doing anything that's logical.
These stupid press conferences are most in them.
Yeah, they spend as much time looking for the sniper as they do have any press conferences.
They might have them by now.
And isn't there some way that fleek trucks are registered that they could just be getting
checking all fleed or commercial vehicles?
Could be.
You know, rather than the computer.
Well, you know, like the data.
You think that Chief Moose will be checking the computers?
I don't think Chief Moosey will be looking at computers.
Yeah, and then they tell people to go about their life.
And then they have them go out and they go to the home.
You think he's checking out www.littlesambo.com?
I don't think so.
Okay, you're hired, sweetheart.
I won't say get up there because you don't want to be there.
Believe me.
Yeah, I still live there.
Oh God forbid.
Have a great day.
You too.
Good luck to yourself.
Yeah, how about checking computers?
Maybe they don't have those up there yet.
Maybe the CIA confiscated all of them.
W-Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
Neo, how you doing?
Okay.
You know, you read Newsweek?
Yes.
Last week I was looking through it.
There was an argument about a guy who was nominated to the FDA Advisory Committee.
Right.
And his total qualifications is like a gynecologist.
I've been talking about that in life on the show, right?
Oh, I missed it.
I mean, you know, what are we becoming at the accuracy here?
Yes, yes.
I mean, this is a joke.
Don't you understand, sir, faith-based charities that's code for right-wing lunatic goyem?
That's what that means.
I thought it was faith-based government.
Right. Well, now it is.
You got it.
You know, you little girl, you know, cure everything with prayer.
If you just get on the road with Jerry Falwell and follow these good armed kittens,
we'll be everything.
We'll be okay.
Now, well, maybe they can do something about the economy, too, you know.
Like pray for the economy.
Yeah, but once we blow up the world, what are we going to need to worry about that for?
That's true.
I was reading where there's enough oil and a rack more than the thought he's got.
Yeah, I have that on, too.
Listen to the show a little bit more, sir.
He'd learn something.
How do you like that?
See, I could save him all that reading.
It's a good point what you're saying, but I did not have that on yesterday.
I read a lengthy piece about that because that's what it's all about.
OIL and MOE and VOTES.
Those are the only three things that this whole thing is all about.
MOE and OIL and VOTES.
Got it.
Not necessarily that order.
That's what it's all about.
And you'll notice now that we're scratching the hornets.
That's the thing in Bali over the weekend and now the thing in Kuwait.
It's only starting now.
We're only rattling our spears and getting them going now.
Just wait.
Just wait till we attack and believe me.
We will.
Not a question of if.
It's just a question of when.
Come to QAM.
All right, something Neil.
Yes, sir.
We're thinking we should give that David Mill Howard guy a little credit.
Because it gave me too easy, wake up with a memorial and do a sports talk show with a dead cat on your head.
Oh, no.
Is he picking on MOE?
Yeah, good.
Good if anybody deserves it.
All here's a for audio sport holes out there.
Denver Bronco Strong Safety.
Kenaway Kennedy.
Kenaway.
Is that like he boy?
I don't know.
I don't know these sports.
Kenway Kennedy will be suspended for one game for his helmet helmet hit.
I might be receiver Chris chamber.
Team spokesman said today.
What's his name?
Jic sac a man.
Sac a man.
I said Kennedy will set out Sunday's game at Kansas City.
He said the NFL would make an official announcement this afternoon.
Sac a man would not know where the Kennedy would be.
Find NFL spokesman Steve Alex said yesterday.
League of officials were reviewing film from all games this weekend.
And the decision would come later this week.
Chamber suffered a concussion when he went up high for a pass from J. Feeder.
And was hit in the face by Kennedy in the second quarter of the dolphins 24-22 win against Denver Sunday night.
And that's a lady game.
And aren't we blessed to be here in Miami?
God.
We are blessed.
I go out there and kiss the guy damn Blarney Stone if I could find one.
I don't want to get Dennis of set again.
That professional cat lick.
That professional homophobic.
Come out of the closet Dennis.
It's not too late.
You can still do it.
Well, in fact, I'll give him a time to come on a show and come out of the closet.
How's that?
He has a wife you know.
Like I said, that's your proofs it to me.
They said their marriage is solid as a rock.
Rock Hudson.
Ten to one at five sixty W.
Hey, if you got speaking of a bad here, please speak of a dead cat on your head and believe me there.
There are so many people walking around up there.
It looks silly.
I mean, it's one thing to be vain and then we all want our hair back.
I got very few.
I kind of wanted a time.
But you younger guys out there that still have an opportunity to get a little action and something going in your life.
If you want to look great, Charles Alfie or he's the only way to go.
Not dead muskrats, not holes drilled in the head.
Not that other stuff.
Okay, forget about that.
Not those dangerous pills that might kill you and grow one or two follicles back in a year.
But the greatest looking natural hair line system going anywhere.
And the reason it's so great is because it looks like the real thing.
See, if somebody says, well, that's a nice looking piece.
Even that's not a compliment because they know it's a piece.
With Charlie's system, it looks like they're here's going around to your scalp.
That's why it's so great.
And of course, at no price in the world, can you get a better looking more natural system than Charles Alfie or his natural hair line system?
Which is why even a multi-millionaires go see Charlie.
And when you call 1-800-321-2413, mention Old Neal.
Old balding Neal told you to call and you'll get an extra 200 on this kind of regular already low price.
Pick up that phone and call him today.
You got no obligation.
Nothing loose but that ugly bald spot.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Or log onto their website, CharlesAlphieerie.com.
My, my, and local.
This is 4356.
Way, way, yeah.
Don't have a penis.
All right.
Don't lie.
All the hardburn.
Don't, don't, don't, every time I see.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
That pre-tarded dimwitch.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
I'll be the least president of the f***er.
Republican muscle is in an archivalent idiot.
I don't know why they would want to come.
But not easy.
First through the next four years.
With president of f***er.
Oh, what a f***er.
Oh, what I get to come vote for small.
And get to we all voted for.
Oh, why?
Here you want this.
Don't, don't, don't, it's running stupidly.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
I'm this drunk and rich kid.
Don't, don't, don't, he's even.
Lumber than me.
He's president of f***er.
Yeah, don't care what it's up.
You got a meal by hooker and drugs.
The Christmas ride.
I know what's best for you and I.
But how come no fear?
We've got a great leader here.
With president of f***er.
President of f***er.
President of f***er.
12.5.6.
Look at that.
It's up 300 and three boys, baby.
Look at that, man.
Is it gonna last?
No.
Did I tell you this would happen?
Next three weeks, man.
It's gonna be like this.
The entire three weeks.
Right before the election.
Disco incidentally, all of the billionaires.
They're puffin' in there, baby.
They're buying and buying.
Then November 6th.
That'll be the end of that.
Of course, he hasn't opened his mouth yet today.
Oh, that's right.
El President, he hasn't said anything yet.
So, tell me up, okay?
Just tell me up.
No, he won't be saying nothing because he knows if he opens his mouth.
That's the end of that.
Now, is that up 55 points?
They're at smoking, baby.
They're smoking something up there.
Wouldn't you, I mean, wouldn't you be buying now?
In this environment, I'd be buying a handover fist.
Not with your money.
With somebody else's money.
Okay, this is not looking too good for these calls.
249 votes.
What do you think of the callers now, huh?
They suck 108.
They make the show 74.
Sure.
They kill the show 36 and they're great 30.
So, let's see.
144 to 103.
144 to 104.
40 vote margin on the negative side,
which generally says the callers blow.
But we'll take a few more.
Maybe we'll get some good ones here in the next two minutes.
What do you think?
No.
Sure.
This could be a WQIM.
Told you.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you, Neil?
Great.
Can you make a bid?
Yeah.
WQIM.
QIM.
Hi.
Hi.
Do you like to speak with Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi. Is this Neil?
Sounds like me.
Hi, Neil.
I just want to let you know that I've been listening to your show
for a couple of years.
My husband got me hooked on it.
Good.
And number two, I think that in your poll,
you shouldn't take cause because you keep us so informed.
And on top of that, there's so much humor in it.
Number two, I wanted to know if you read the column
in the sunset in the last night about addictions always by the US back.
It has all these trucks headed for Baghdad.
And one of the paragraphs, it's three paragraphs.
It says, press dot bush, grandfather of the current president,
was the director of a bank with Nazi investments.
Right.
So blatant, it was seized by the United States government
under the trading with the enemy act.
Well, he had a contest with Pope Pius to see which one could cause you up to Hitler better.
It's like...
And I think, I think, press get one.
Well, I try to keep informed.
And, you know, I say to myself, I know that his saying is bad.
But, you know, like you say every day, do we want the boys coming back in body bags?
And you have to just really look at it and take it slow.
And it's like, is it all about oil and money?
Yes.
It's sad.
Absolutely.
No question about...
We have the great work keeping forming us of what's going on.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you, bye bye.
And like our president says, let's use what he says.
Scary, man.
Scary.
But just like that Pope we took yesterday, 18.5% of this audience,
all we like him because he's not a bleeding heart liberal.
That's the only thing that they like about him.
He's the buffer.
See, in the rest of us with a brain, we look at it the other way.
The bleeding heart liberals are the buffer against the fascists.
That's the problem.
The only problem being the fascists stole a guy at M-Election.
That's the problem.
They stole it fair and square.
So this pole and Florida, this thing, it's going to really, really tight you know with Jeb?
And the Bill McBride?
I guarantee you, man, Catherine Harris.
She's squeezing her chads and hanging them right now.
You take it to the bank.
Three weeks from today.
They got this thing rigged better than you can shake your thing at.
Two hundred and fifty-four votes.
The caller suck and then she was not, she was good, right?
And she don't want to hear the callers.
She was very nice.
She is an IQ larger than her thumbnail.
And she said the caller is below something like that.
I'm pretty sure that's what she said.
Hundred and ten votes for they suck.
They make the show.
Seff.
