I f**king bow!
All right, so welcome back to the dazzling be spectacle of the Mohawana baby in a show
where I worked very very hard to provide use with intellectuals for whole amusement.
Get up, yeah chocolate, don't a don't a don't a don't!
No!
This is the big thing when I drop the bomb!
Oh boy!
Here comes the bomb!
Now, it's my understanding that those muddlers homeless down the hall don't know who I am see they think they got me licked.
Well they did get you right!
Check your mouth!
No!
You're looking at it do now, don't you?
Get you right here!
Here you go!
Listen!
Which move?
Any of them!
Now kiss it!
Okay!
All right, now where was we?
It's dropping the bomb!
Doc!
Oh yeah, well actually I got two bombs you see?
Does I like the golden little boy and big boy?
Just like the bomb that wiped out all the meat and slopes?
Those bombs think they got one over on me?
Why I'll show them!
Time!
All right, here's the poised one.
As it swings out, George ain't the only lover named George at this queer hair over here.
No!
No, you see he has an affinity to Guy's name George.
Oh!
Sure, and when he hears this, now I got this from a highly trusted source.
Give me some fanfare here, stupidity!
I will make a big fan of George.
Our midday, baggage friend had intimate affairs with George, my Harris and George,
Nader.
Yeah?
Well that's it!
That's the bomb!
Oh!
You're so goddamn stupid, you know that?
Yeah.
All you ain't heard nothing yet!
Okay.
Now, here's the big boy.
It just so happens how it's done is a very close-in-place-in-oote friend of mine.
Why, certainly, he's even got his far-securing commands for me,
like that Heather brought on Fox News.
Wow!
Really?
They let me tell you, she gave me full service.
I wax on the balls the wigs.
So what about Holley, Bo?
Huh?
Holley?
Don't you know the call me that?
Haha!
Okay!
Anyway, I'm a favorite for me.
Yes!
Mr. Stey is having his team of correct-sleep writers.
Rip that crap out of that pipe smoker down there,
with their own comedic stylons.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Like this one right here.
I guess they get things started.
Roll it!
This is the size of all.
Funny, huh?
That oughta pick there is.
Yeah!
Listen, you, just the other bowl of my ass.
That's right.
Okay.
I'll move the back out of the way.
That's better.
Here's your punishment, dumb bastard.
904-560-WDQA.
I'm happy Wednesday to you.
It's our big goons the noon to one hour today,
by the way, all comedy bits are noon to one.
I wonder what the theme is going to be on those, you think.
So now, Erach, Erach, Erach,
Carlos, whatever your name is,
where did you finally find this story that we had a scour for on the internet?
On the KUGN website.
Yeah.
This was the topic on most of the morning show this morning with Mo and uh,
Squeaky.
And uh, oh, it's all over the internet.
It's all over.
It's a big story.
It's not a big story.
This story is about a tiny.
It's about the size of my penis, like a thumbnail.
KUGN radio controversy.
KUGN radio is the voice of the ducks,
but some University of Oregon students want that to change.
KUGN is also a home to nationally-suiticated talk shows.
Show some students, say often include offensive even racist opinions.
They say that's not the voice of their ducks.
Now they want you to vote a cut ties with KUGN.
The AM station pays big bucks about a million dollars
here to exclusively broadcast you a vote sporting events,
including duck football.
Problem is they also broadcast nationally syndicated shows,
including shows from radio personalities Michael Medved and Michael Savage.
Show students say to contain remarks that are offensive.
And the thrust of this is, it's only another couple of sentences,
but it's so terminally boring.
The thrust of it is, should the University like uh,
disassociate itself from this radio station because there are some people
who don't like the remarks of some of the toast on the year.
And that was the topic of the entire show this morning,
at least the parts that I heard,
including Crazy Wanda was on there.
Not only is he got Dennis out of the woodwork,
but even Crazy Wanda's on there.
Hey Wanda we're on to a suite.
Our call up duck, he has nerd from here in a while.
He got run.
He was here and from here.
Huh?
That rhymed.
Wanda we're on to again.
And maybe Sir Fishalot is up,
but I doubt he's on the West Coast.
That free republic dot com.
We got freaked again yesterday.
Let's hear it.
Oh yeah, our website got freaked.
And the best part of the whole deal is
that the right wingers out there still couldn't put
their CNN over the top.
What a shame.
It's just amazing to me how many people out there have no lives.
You know what?
This is their hobby.
This is their life.
The website is free republic dot com.
And about yesterday afternoon about 330.
I just luckily I guess doing a break in guiding light.
Whatever.
Kim Wanda being in here.
I take a look at the website to see how the pool is coming along.
And all of a sudden all these votes come pouring in.
And I said, uh oh,
something's a miss.
And sure enough, I looked up free republic dot com
since they're the ones that freaked us on a gun control pool.
Now, free means they just get all of their,
they daisy chain all of their members,
all of their lifeless members who have nothing better to do
than hop on these meaningless pools.
This is just a little radio show.
Okay, guys, it's just a meaningless pool.
The world isn't going to change based on this.
Nobody's going to stop watching Fox or start watching MSNBC
or vice versa because of some pool
that some guy took on a radio.
So light enough.
Just a couple of shades would be good.
Rich TV network splints the news the most.
Now, let me just tell you what the first 769 votes in.
And I thank them for posting this on their website
before they started digging with us.
The first 769 Fox had 293.
CNN 105 and down the list from there.
Okay, so in other words, it was almost 3 to 1.
Then comes this horny attic tremendous volume of calls pouring in.
I mean, the votes pouring in on a website.
And they almost got it even Steven.
But even some of their own members,
I noticed and reading some of the emails
on their free republic dot com.
We're passing notes back and forth about,
well, you know, don't you understand Fox's the most lighted
just because we agree with it.
Doesn't mean that we can't say that because that's the question.
Huh?
And for you dumb those out there who don't understand
they're saying they're whining and crying.
Well, you know, we are conservatives.
We got to choose between 7 other choices.
But the Liberals only have one to vote for.
Don't understand.
We listed all of the networks on here.
These the cable news networks and the over the year
new news networks.
They're all on there.
Every one of them.
So the final talent is Fox pulled away
in spite of being freaked by free republic dot com.
And so you're a fish a lot who's the one who discovered the poll
at 1221 pm.
A Pacific time yesterday afternoon.
Fox 521 CNN 395 of which about 200 votes were bogus.
All of them 304 CBS 221 ABC 101 NBC 95 MSNBC 37
None of them 17 1691 votes.
Oh man, are we getting to be popular or what?
But getting back to this business about the radio controversy
at KUGN and the ducks which I noticed
more was trying to tie in the hercones with that that whole
business and about how offensive I see Wanda this Wanda
brought it is when you take things out of context just like
my comments and just like the colors when you take them out
of context to some unsuspecting people out there that
might think oh well she's got a really good point
except for the fact that this is a crazy person
who's been calling us for how many years now?
100 80s and in times of day.
Call the program director, call me a general manager,
call everybody and not just about racial things.
She calls about if I'm talking about a subject she doesn't like.
She calls George and bitching and screaming about what is he
talking about hockey for changing the station.
I'm turning the radio off.
Right. She calls a dog and she calls everybody.
So between her and Dennis and the other chronics these are the people coming
out to join in the back door attack on this radio program.
When you know the numbers came out yesterday,
Moll and you just not cutting it.
Pretty weak.
Dropping down again in man.
We went up a little bit and still with that
August and September in near from the
marginal summer book from that week summer book George.
Sorry.
But at any rate,
but we came back up.
In fact it was the only day part of the station in man that came up
from a 6.0 to a 6.2 and still number one by pretty good margin.
But the morning drop from a 4.0 to a 3.7 in many team plus.
A precipitous drop.
Well not a big drop but just not the number that we're looking for.
Most of you concentrate more on talking about the things you're supposed to be
talking about as opposed to worrying about am I talking about the same thing
today I talked about yesterday and blah blah blah blah.
See I really thought for the last few days he was mellowing out a little bit.
Didn't you?
That's what we thought.
I thought he was coming around but was going to join the human race and also
join the WQA and family.
Talking about being a team player.
Join the family.
Get it.
Understand it.
But bringing up this story and making it into a whole show this morning
and then continuing well I'll give you a sample for example.
For example.
Whether or not a program on the air is objectionable obviously something they knew
before they came here.
I didn't say that.
I said if they chose to move those someplace else have a right.
But he'll rather just material is sometimes eventable.
He is very funny but he is also a racist and if people on your station
who excusing by saying that's his just his stick it's not stick.
There's nothing funny about her at wounds.
There's nothing funny about eponics things.
He is not.
Wait a minute.
Eddie Eddie Eddie.
Eddie.
Now let me just pause this.
This is actually more coming to my defense momentarily only momentarily.
I'm not considering defend ginger but I'm going to tell you this.
If you first you say it's funny then you say it's objectionable.
Now which is it?
I said some of his material is objectionable.
Okay.
He is very funny.
Okay well I appreciate the call.
He's so full of him is not racist.
No I appreciate the call.
But we're getting off the point now.
I'm talking about whether or not a university is going to have that kind of an impact
on a local marketplace like it is in Eugene, Oregon, Dan, and the mobile.
Okay Dan.
So there was the that was just a little tiny sample but the thrust of many of the calls
was coming back to this whole concept that certain people are trying to promote that this is
a racist show.
Didn't I say on the air several weeks ago I'm a racist but only only in the sense that all people
are racist to some degree?
That's what you said.
All people are racists to some degree.
But this is not a racist radio program and it's also like I said yesterday not a program
you come in in midstream and all of a sudden you're an expert on what I'm all about with a show
is all about what are comedy materials all about.
And if the university of Miami which by the way who the hell would want to take their deal
in order to have the honor of carrying her a coon football which we do on this radio station
we also when they made that deal when Greg Reed made one of his great deals how to agree to carry
the baseball games which as much as I enjoy doing them years ago nobody listens to them
the basketball games which nobody even goes to them.
So we got to carry all of those games and believe you me there are no ratings for the
university of Miami even for the football they never have been back on IOD there aren't on
this radio station it probably makes some money on it because they you know they managed to sell
everything except the goddamn jogs grabs.
But if the university of Miami were to say that would say haven't to the best of my knowledge
and I don't think they're going to oh we want that near Rogers off because he's a being guy he's
a bad guy or else we're going to take our good zials where even of course the station pays them
a crap load of money for the rights.
You know what we would say to the university of Miami?
Bye bye bye!
That's exactly what they'd say.
Because this show makes this radio station a crap load of money see this is a business mall
I know that comes as a great shock to you it's a business.
And a lot of the sports stuff in fact wasn't it George Beasley said just a couple of weeks ago
that we find to got the albatross from around our next with that ridiculous marlin's contract
and now QM can actually make some money?
Yes!
Yeah that's why even he said that the headhandsho the big cheese.
So all you sports nerds out there who think that that's what this radio station
where the bread and butter is the driving force.
Guess what?
Guess again the dolphins yes the Huracun's know and that word that evolved out of something years ago
with Jimmy Johnson and the the gangster teams and it's stuck I continue using that word
and I'm not going to stop you isn't that term okay I think that it sums up the mentality of the
that football program perfectly and and those people who follow with those front running phonies
where they used to have like 15 16 thousand people in New Orleans bull when they had their crappy
teams and even now when you're playing with their lesser life's one of the girls schools they play
they can't pack that place it's a front running phonie thing and always has been
so Moe just when we thought you would join in the human race you're really disappointed
913 at 560 WDQM thanks given's coming in just a matter of days now everyone's going to be
flocking home to be together again gathered around the table with delicious homemade food and
family traditions after all it's not the turkey that makes the meal special it's the people
getting ready for the hungry guest can be stressful especially if they're staying overnight
if you're having a household for Thanksgiving let the alamakras make your holiday preparations
a little bit easier now's the time to call 1-800-Makras and get that new mattress in before house
guests arrive if they've already told you they're coming or if you don't hear from them till the
night before the alamakras can deliver to you a top quality seagulli service simons or king
coral mattress the very same day I've been sleeping on one of the alamakras so things for years
and let me tell you I get a great night sleep with it every night so call the alamakras right now
at 1-800-Makras and talk turkey with the vet and consult a choose from the very best
mattresses at even better prices rest easy this Thanksgiving knowing that everybody's sleeping
like a child so give it a good day for the holidays now by calling 1-800-Makras 1-800-MATTRES
for down on the mattress and be sure to tell that old Neil and fat boy told you to call
or fat Neil and old boy brand-name bed same day service call him now be sleeping like a baby
yeah
yeah what is with this child huh which one jacko well we'll get back to moan a minute
do we talk about him yesterday by the way since he's he's always saying that at the end of the
show when he does recognize the fact of the show exists oh they'll be talking about the same
thing today as we talk and they talked about yesterday and lastly we didn't mention it once
yesterday so maybe he was upset about that but before we get back to moan I will believe me because
today was the turning point today was the demarcation point of which I draw the line in the sand
how many chances do you give somebody how many times you kind of like ease away and say okay let's
have like a little true sir you know I'm saying yeah and they just can't control themselves
because his main goal I guess is to prove to the world that this is a racist show that I'm an
evil person and this show should not be on this radio station or in other words I I guess what
he really is wanting to say only you don't have the balls to come right out and say it there is no
room on wqm for more Howard David and he or rages in the same station which is amazing to me because
he and I aren't two of the fattest people on in the building but there's not room is what I
guess he's trying to say without really coming out and saying it doesn't it sound like that to
you sounds like it and for this business about how well this is a big story was all over the internet
it took between Carlos and George and I and of course not getting much cooperation from Robert the
the creeper in there or any of those people it took us 45 minutes to finally locate this little
tiny blurb on the kug and radio website which is the flagship station of the University of Oregon
mighty ducks or not so mighty ducks how do you like that little blurb how would you describe
that story is that it looks like a major story to you no I'd have to talk and like a little tiny
blurb I looked on every every major newspaper every minor newspaper every uh anything couldn't find
it I mean where's all this internet hubbub about this like it's such a big big controversy anyway
jacko went wacko yesterday now this I mean what is there to say about him as he flashed a
maniacal grin and dangle his eight month old son by one arm over the rating of a fit floor balcony
and Berlin this isn't today's New York post their version of it for several terrifying seconds
as a big crowd of fans looked on the glove one appeared to be in danger of letting the infant
plunge 70 feet he was dangling it German authorities have launched a probe into the
sickening act while jacko is pal the spoon bending psychic uri geller said he'll confront the
entertainer to ask Michael what have you done last night Jackson issued a written statement saying he'd
made a problem a fake I got cut up in the experiment of the moment he said I would never
intentionally endangered lives of my children right the sickening stunt occurred as jacko and
Berlin with his three kids to accept a lifetime achievement award walked under the balcony of the
posh presidential suite at the aldin hotel to wave to his fans in his right arm was his youngest
child prince Michael the tooth who were a baby blue jumper with a white towel around to say the
hideous face from photographers as it probably don't want them to see the nose as fans watched in a
horror the weirdo pop star broken to a huge smile inexplicably dangle the youngster over the iron
rail and swayed him back and forth like a prize the freaked out top began to squirm and kick his
feet and appeared as though jacks him is losing his grip literally and figuratively yeah on
lookers gasped as jacko's grand turn to a look of terror as he realized what had might happen
but instead of taking his free left hand to help secure the baby he used instead to make sure
the towel didn't slip off the boy's face jacko finally managed to yank the kicking baby back to
safety then screwed inside and passed him to a nanny I can only think it's his brains not as
knows that he's the most treatment said judo schmit a cleaning lady who witnessed the taught
horror she walked home from work jacks and also brought his older children to the window with
the child's face also covered by a white cloth yeah how do you like that and you know what it
looks like to me what another desperate publicity stunt like everything else he does desperate
here's our pool day before we get back to the matters at hand tiger woods by the way says his
views are unchanged about the playing of Augusta but he still thinks women ought to be members oh
geez how about if somebody on a radio station is sexist as anti women anti women's rights
see I think that if certain people on the station I don't want to mention no names mo but if some
people worried more about gooseen up their ratings and doing a more entertaining show and not
trying to control what's on this program or try to misinterpret what's on this program or misrepresent
it and suggest that the person who follows you is an evil guy who's a racist and a mad guy and
doing terrible stuff under the guise of stick instead of that same old crap which we are all the time
do your thing whatever it is whatever your thing is do it that's my suggestion of course I'm not
you know who might have speak here's our pool today which group has made the most progress in the
west in the past 10 to the years and I was inspired for this pool by the whole business about women
being excluded from Augusta that call yesterday I still can't get that out of my mind that punk
that calls into tell us yeah but you know they can do whatever they want because this is the longest
continuous the golf tournament in the US played in the same place the wow if I would only know that
right I might have altered my opinion you know it and they were burning witches for thousands of
years right and they've had slavery for thousands of years that's a long cherished tradition right
which group has made the most progress in the west in the past 100 years blacks women Jews
gays Hispanics or Catholics and put the Catholic under for or for Dennis's benefit if you left out
huh how about the Irish come on now it's gritty Irish all right now with the Irish oh see there he goes
again is a bad guy racist yeah and can't stop can't control himself let me say it again the people
who listen to the show they get it they understand it we've had no until somebody came down the
pipe came along the way and started like trying to stir up a crap because of his is bad ego and
his bad hair piece and and bag we didn't have any problem in the University of Miami no with the dolphins
no with the Amarlins no there's nobody on any of our sports affiliates we're saying oh gee we don't
want to be on the station with that the piece of crap on here have we heard that I haven't been here
in any rumbles about that and if we if it has been going on it sure hasn't been passed along to us
but all of a sudden we got this big contrived countertops about wow you know he's a racist
and those things that he says in place let me say it again the people who understand this show
are the ones who've been listening to it for more than a day or two who who get it I'm not going
to keep explaining the reason I use certain words on his show I've been doing it for years because
when you desensitize people the words the words aren't painful anymore they don't have any meaning
they're just words even little kids know that whole business about you know sticks and stones
will break my bones but words are a pile of crap or whatever the hell it is not to mention
the words that everybody uses off the air exactly that's right like some people think of the air
but they won't say it on the air one of the things and there's another thing have the people at
salad which is a very active in group of wild right wing cubans these Spanish American League
against discrimination they try to get this show off the air I don't think so no even during the
alien days they may not like me they may hate me like poison but even those people understand that
we got the right to say whatever the hell we want as long as they don't cross certain lines with
them how do you like that yeah so this isn't some guy been on the air in this market almost 27
years moly didn't just come into the back door because I'm doing ball games and this bull crap
about you know trying to pretend that well he's defending on one hand and university hasn't
complained about me yet to this point as if somehow this yeah I heard that line as if the semi
suggests that they're going to because somebody don't like that term horacune well I find it very
funny and our audience finds it very funny we got a large black audience out there people listen
to this show I wouldn't hear them about being offended do you nope I hear some of them calling
up other shows like his pretending to be offended they come to appearances all the time talk about
how great the show is how they love you because they got a sense of humor I'm gonna tell you
if you're in the shoes of black people in America or gay people in America any other minority that's
crap done you've got to have a sense of humor to survive to keep going I don't have anybody complaining
or use the word faggot ah of course that's acceptable you can be homophobic and that's why we hear
like pipe smoker and gizgos they're all that stuff on a morning show why do I want to say faggot
though oh well he says it off the air enough that's the report that we're getting and spick but he
won't say that on the air either yeah guava love and spick so mo you've you really you had the
opportunity we gave you that one last opportunity come back and join us in the human race and join
us on this radio station and you refuse to do it you just can't do it you can't control yourself
because you got a big fat bug up your ass or whatever the problem is so at this point I'm the
the gloves are off okay I'm not holding back I'm gonna give my opinions I'm gonna do the new
Roger show and let it be damned okay let the chips fall where they made the couch hips
let the her piece fall where it might Jesus Christ exactly oh see now if he says it it's okay if I
say it then it's then I'm a bad guy I'm blasphemy in the Lord you know you what a bunch of ass
suckers those callers are you know haven't I always told you that yeah whoever they're talking to
with the moment oh well I don't mean you whoever they're talking to but so and so like a bunch of
little overgrown children you know very sad what we'll take a bunch of calls today and see how the
audience we're kind of a mood they're in 928 at 560 WQA and let's face it you've been hearing about
fast rain for a long time wonder if it makes sense for you well the factors simple if you have the
dedication fast-trank and provide you with the necessary train to become a certified computer
professional according to time magazine the demand for computer professionals will continue to
explode their average student completes the training in just four short months attending school
three nights a week once you complete your certification fast-trank will assist you in obtaining
your new computer job fast-trank advice you to come in and visit our train career counselor
and determine which track is ideal for you is it gallstream is it pop it apart is it high alia
call fast train tool for you at 1 866 fast train to set up an appointment with four
convenient locations there is bound to be a fast train nearby you they're in kindle my
amy pember pines and fort lauderdale don't forget to ask the career counselor for list of
students like yourself are currently in their dream jobs call fast train at 1 866 fast train
that's 1 866 fast train or check out about wicked worldwide web at fast train dot com
holy cow errands coming
oh my god
oh we're fine i took your calls from the ebonics they say the future be right for me now i can't
get snow job because i don't got no literacy i's talking like an old me grow
you finally thought they how this way now i can't do nothing but my heritage say that okay
change my name to shoot roll drive a doos and the quarter ain't a Cadillac
i remember when i was feeling all the white men's cars hanging out died developing their bar
ground the blues by poverty white devil's got snow job for me and
hi hi
oh the barn makes me give my life a chase now i got to go and sell more raccoca
raccoca raccoca raccoca raccoca
raccoca raccoca raccoca raccoca
you
know what i'm boring song
ebonics makes me sound funny got nothing to do with literacy now i got to make more money
they were pooh sounds good to me i got plenty of nothing ebonics ain't getting me anywhere
maybe i'll muggle an old white bitch steal a purse and pull her hair then i gonna take some money
by a very old and a frigid dad
i remember when i was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside
developing their bar ground the blues by poverty white devil's got snow job for me and
hi hi
bogου gibbud out thelands
going back
raccoca raccoca raccoca raccoca raccoca raccoca
raccoca raccoca raccoca raccoca
I don't want to call our mention that specific of this morning.
Anybody offended by that?
This audience?
Let's find out.
Are you offended?
No.
Even those people from...
Of course they say when it's right wingers who are under the threat of boycott, etc.
FreeRepublic.com.
Well, these are leftists who don't know how to turn the dial.
They practice what they preach, you know?
Very annoying when you get people complaining who aren't even listening to your show.
And they're just people who don't hear the show, don't know who you are.
But just want to make a point.
Just want to play a game.
But what's much more annoying than that is people like you're supposed to be working with on your own radio station.
People who you share a time slot with from 6 to 10 a.m.
A day part who are just...
Honeating all over themselves to try to make it appear that we've got this racist bastard on there
and we better do something about it.
See, if I'm in management and I'm here in that kind of crap, I nip that in a butt real fast.
You found all I'm saying?
Because it's bad for business.
It's bad business is what it is.
And like I've always said over these, if you don't like it, if you're offended, turn it off.
We'll survive.
No, no, no, no, no.
Great news are coming back up again now that the summer's over.
Bye, bye, bye.
If you don't like what is going on in the show, we're not going to change it for Wanda
or for any other one listening out there or for Dennis.
If you don't like what you're hearing and you can't handle it, there's eight million other choices.
Bye, bye, bye.
Have a great life. We wish you all the best.
All the best.
56670560.
Pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
John.
Oh, okay. See, that's our crowd.
That's our audience. Eddie.
That's the input we get from you folks on this show.
56670560.
Pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Hey, I deserve credit for all this racial trouble you're having right now.
I demand the credit.
Dennis.
Oh, brother.
Let me say it again.
There's two out of two.
All you people are one of the calls back.
There's Eddie who's doing the different stick now because he got tired of this.
This is Eddie because it was too obvious.
And then we got Dennis again.
Dennis, get yourself some help.
Get yourself some professional help.
The only credit we're going to give you is being the number one chronic of all time.
And believe me, that covers a lot of territory over a lot of years.
Absolutely unbelievable.
How is that pool come in which group has made the most progress in the US in the past 100 years?
Women 9, 0, 6, blacks, 5, gaze, 5, Catholics won his spanish 0.
I'm surprised at that.
The Spanish have made what was that?
You don't think his Spanish had made more progress than say blacks?
I think we started off doing fine.
No, we're not talking about Cubans so much because the Cuba came over from Cuba in 60 and they're about the early 60s.
Those people had skills.
They were trained doctors and lawyers like the white good educated educated people me familia.
We're not talking about that.
We're talking about everybody thinks you're talking about.
Okay, let's make that very clear.
After I'm trying to lead you down the garden path, maybe she just changed his dentist to be nervous.
Dennis wasn't when you just shut up and then I noticed this yesterday just calm down.
Man, are you out of control?
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, we're going to put you on a hockey games with rumor if you don't shut up.
Just relax.
Man, wound up like an alarm clock.
I'm trying to get to the important stuff here and you wanted to weld on that spick stuff.
So Dennis was one of the triggers in the wood pile.
Well, that comes as no surprise to us.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
How are you doing now?
And he's still listening by the way.
Great.
It is amazing how your management just keeps letting go on and on and on.
It's so bad for business and it's just poor taste.
But here I really, I really thought that we were finally starting to like make a little accommodation in spite of all his efforts to try to get me off the earth.
Whatever else.
I thought we were making a little progress.
Yeah, go all these probably getting his ass with in the back right now because he kind of stuck up for you at the end of the show with that little bit.
He was saying, oh, you never know.
He might have something different on.
Oh, yeah, that was really a tremendous look.
I don't give a crap about that stuff.
But I'm talking about when you're going out of your way to try to paint me into a corner is being something that I'm not and try to take things out of context and twist them into something that they're not.
I don't I'm not putting up with that crap anymore.
All right.
Anyway, closing.
Well, I wait for the day.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and the rise of wireless line.
Here's a lady in dear field.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Call on about a story you did on Monday about a piece of human waste who didn't have enough brain cells to do anything other than pick up a baseball bat and kill people.
Yeah, kind of fits right into that whole.
Obonic thing doesn't it?
You know what comes in the mind to word for sterilization.
Did we know anything about the race of the people involved in that story?
I didn't know anything about it.
No, there weren't any blacks involved in that story.
I'm pretty sure what else she talking about.
Wasn't that a Hispanic family?
I'm pretty sure it was the face.
I don't I don't I don't see the pictures as if that makes a difference to me.
See there you go.
Now there's one of your sheet wearing a bitches right there lady go away.
We don't want your kind.
Okay, we don't want anything to do with you.
Just like it's the same thing as the bilingual thing back in those ugly grotesque days.
All those kind of people come out of it and also you notice women again.
There you go.
Oh man.
Now what are the guys in South Florida so screwed up?
I've been saying this for years.
The kind of women for the most part.
I'd say like 90% of women in South Florida are like like that.
Just like that.
All they want to talk about is their hate and their bigotry and they're like,
oh, something I'm starting to change my mind about Augusta.
I'm starting to change my mind after that.
No, I'm serious.
I'm so sick and terribly bigoted damn bitches.
Of all people they should be standing up for my noris and you know going to the
back for other people will all they persecution and women suffer not just here but all over
the world here at small potatoes compared to the way they're repressed by religions all
over the world.
They're 10th class citizens.
And when you're a member of group a group or several groups who've been discriminated
against like I am for example, you have a little bit of feeling for other people which
is another reason I take it with great resentment.
This idea that I'm some kind of a wild eyed crazy ass racist son of a bitch, okay?
And for example, remember the call I played was it what they was it?
About if Yasney will tell you this or that whatever.
How does he know what I'll tell you?
I've never had any conversation with Mohawar David.
The longest conversation I ever had with him was about two minutes when he told me about
trying to get you canned and how he backed off and did the right thing.
And that's why you're still here.
That's the longest conversation I ever had with him.
He's never asked me about where I'm really coming from or what I think about this or
what the weather is which by the way it's sunny and beautiful and going to be almost 50 today.
So how does he know what's in my mind or where I'm coming from?
This is a radio show which this man doesn't seem able to comprehend.
18 till 10 at 5.60 WQM we all have different lifestyles that's for sure some of us were a silly
hair piece.
Oliomed Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical,
great olive oil with vitamins, minerals, herbals, other nutrients, scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions
to help you support specific health needs.
Look for Oliomed's three new formulas one to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight and
co-Q10 all using the benefits of the best olive oil that money can buy.
Oliomed is an outstanding product that's available all over town and more and more people are hopping on it.
Take up some today at Publix at Eckerds and Walgreens if you want to get more information about what Oliomed can do for you and how it works.
Call their toll free number and ask away call 1866 Oliomed.
That's 1866 653633.
You can also order their products online at oliomedamerica.com
and don't forget if you visit nearest publishing by an Oliomed product and databroward
you can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll.
Wow supplies last.
Don't forget to visit their sampling pavilion at Sports Town every Sunday when the dolphins are playing home games.
Pick up free Oliomed samples and product information start feeling healthy again by popping some Oliomed in your plush today.
My, my, and Lord, this is Sports Radio by Sikki.
Way to Way, yeah.
It's date and Miami Town, here at 560 WQA.
They say my voice is that just perfect mix.
Make clean the mudskins and see me digs to try to understand what I say.
Try to understand what I'm above all.
What's it I'm singing?
I'm clear.
I'm hopeful, so we're truly young.
Yeah, there is nothing wrong with my throat.
Have my tongue is free of car bumping up.
The only thing that I know is clear.
This function has made my career.
I'm 47.
Good old Macy.
We love her.
Anybody offended by that?
Oh, geez.
Sorry.
560, 560.
And you know something.
This is all a million miles away from anything I had planned talking about today.
But I sat down here in this morning from about 620 until 730 when George comes in every morning about 730.
All of a sudden the audio from the station clicks off and I know George is there.
We have a little verbal intercourse and figure out what we're going to do today.
They fax me long and we get ready to do the show.
So I only hear from like about 620 till 730.
And that was the only topic I heard discussed.
Nothing about the dolphins, nothing about the panthers, nothing about the heat, nothing about anything else.
This was the big story of the day and we had a scarf for 45 minutes to find it.
This little tiny blurb on the internet from KUGN in Portland, Oregon.
As a way of again coming into backdoor and stirring up the same crap.
Wood says his views about playing at August are unchanged.
Tiger Woods hasn't changed his mind about playing at the All-Mail Augusta National Golf Club despite a New York Times editorial calling out him to skip the Masters.
As I've said before, everyone is in tend to their own opinion Wood said yesterday.
He's in Japan for this week's Dunlop Phoenix Tournament.
I think there should be women members Wood said but it's not to me.
I don't have voting rights. I'm just an honorary member.
The editorial published Monday suggested that Woods not play at the Masters next year because of Augusta's All-Mail Membership.
A tournament without Mr. Woods would send a powerful message that discrimination isn't good for the golfing business the editorial said Augusta National Declined Comment.
They said it's a real hoot.
The Reverend Jesse Jackson who can't of course stay away from things like this because he's compulsive.
Who says his rainbow push coalition will organize protests at the Masters of a woman isn't a member by April called the Times editorial unfair and inconsistent for singling out Woods.
I don't remember them saying to Ben Hogan and Jack Nicklaus to boycott the Masters because blacks aren't playing Jackson said Tuesday.
Leelder became the first black to play in Masters 1975.
Still Jackson said he would encourage Woods to take a stronger stand.
He's much too intelligent and too much of a beneficiary of our struggles to be neutral Jackson said his point of view does matter.
I think right now his challenge would be to the PGA Tour to the golfers to the Augusta National Board of Directors to all speak together.
In interviews this month Augusta National Chairman Hoody Johnson was adamant that a woman would not be among 300 members at Augusta by the start of the Masters next April.
Johnson's comments with the first on the subject since he's criticized Martha Burke and the National Council of women's organizations for trying to coerce change at the golf course.
The Times said that if Augusta National can brazenly discriminate against women that means others can choose not to support Mr. Johnson's golfing fraternity that includes more enlightened members of the club CBS sports would syllabize the Masters and the players especially Tiger Woods said the Times.
So Jesse Jackson stuck his big nose of this too. How do you like that? What a surprise.
Here's Holmes dead. Hello.
Hey, what's going on?
Yes, sir. I can't understand anybody calling you a racist and any matter.
You know, I mean see that song.
There's nothing objectionable about that song.
It's a stereotypical song. I mean, I'm a song writer and I know sometimes you write songs that you want to bring out stereotypes.
And that's funny if you can accept it for that.
The Obonic song was written at a time when that whole issue of he bonics being taught in the schools was.
It was.
It was funny and if you couldn't see the humor and it didn't you're an idiot or you're a racist because it was something you're against.
And what a racist should be is a guy drives race cars and forget about all the stuff that was your castellos says.
I mean, I don't get it.
And it's ridiculous.
Okay, but have a nice day and keep it up.
I'm keeping it up right now.
Got my thumb on it.
See, I don't know about you, but I've been saying for a long time that I think it's unfortunate that blacks don't demand a better education because when you can't speak proper English and when you're inarticulate, you don't get to the top.
You don't make it big.
You don't see blacks who made it big like members of Congress who are inarticulate and speak bubonics.
And people are promoting things like that are just through the back door trying to keep blacks at the bottom of the social ladder in America and they're doing a good job of it too, by the way.
Promoting perpetual illiteracy.
It's unacceptable.
Oh, but he's making fun of me.
Yeah, whatever you say, Mo, whatever you say.
Seriously, this this morning came as out of left field.
What inspired this a bad bowl of cornflakes?
Maybe the bag overflowed on the way to work from Boka? What inspired this?
And just when you think, you know, we've gone through all the herniatic efforts to save Georgia's job and to get a hold of Greg.
Greg doesn't mean for anybody's phone calls and this lawyer talks to that lawyer and they talk to this man's agent to try to bring him back to earth.
And here it comes all again.
All over again.
It's that old big bug up the ass that just don't seem to want to go away.
Maybe a real good or maybe that might do it.
You know, if he can get it out of his system.
But I'm all through playing that game.
You know what?
I'm through hearing about, well, this one has been skinned and this one can't take it and this one's wife is up.
I don't care.
I don't care. They pay me a lot of money to do a radio show here.
I've been making them a lot of money and I'm going to continue doing it.
It's by the dentist and it's by the wacky Jackie and it's by the other people who want to screw with his show.
I'm going to continue doing it.
I'm not just going to roll over and play dead because there are a bunch of mouth contents out there who've got nothing better to do than dick with a radio show or just or we got a sarpa on this radio station
who doesn't want to be a team player.
Didn't he tell you in the team room he was here to be a team player?
Yeah, in the early days when we spoke.
Yeah. When he was speaking to us.
And as far as all of this other stuff that we play about him and the Mo Bits album and all of that, that all came about long after all of these attempts to get you as fired and all this other crap and a comment about the bullet in the head.
That that goes back months.
So this isn't something new that just started.
That goes back months ago that interpret unacceptable comment to Gully that one morning as I'm sitting here in this very same chair and just almost falling off the chair.
All of this stuff that somebody on this station plays out of the guys are stick and most markets will get him a bullet through the brain.
Well, that's lovely. That's beautiful.
And most most comments on a real radio station by somebody like that would get him canned.
Caned. F-I-R-E-D.
I don't try to get named by can unlike certain other people on this radio station.
But in most real places in a real organization, a comment like that would get somebody's ass canned or at least suspended or at least bring it to the attention if anybody was paying attention with the 85 managers who've gotten that building.
That's something really stinking is going on here.
But that's not the way we operate because our people operate in fear.
They're afraid to look anybody in the eye and say, guess what? We just not doing it that way.
We need to have a little verbal intercourse or something.
Five, six, seven.
How did this all start here today? You know, this is amazing to me.
I got out of bed feeling great.
I last thought I was getting little scraps in the throat.
I got out in some Italian wedding soup down at my supermarket.
Have I ever had a Italian wedding soup?
No. What's in it?
Got little tiny meatballs in it and like barley and oh man, it's got all kinds of good stuff in there.
Great. And it was great.
I had that honor of Joe Castell's wedding, which was taking place soon.
And lo and behold, I wake up this morning, had a good night's sleep after watching a really crappy small village.
That pretty disappointing. And here lo and behold, I can speak.
Come in here, sit my ass down on the chair when a very good mood.
Ready to rock and roll here today and do our usual thing, which we seem to be on a roll here lately.
And guess what? Out of left field, here comes an entire show dedicated to prune once again through the back door.
Then we got some races basket on there and say in Huracone.
Let me tell you right now, I've never had one person from the University of Miami see to me on the air, off the air, in the back alley.
I'm a god damn subway here in Toronto.
So you shouldn't be saying that about the Keynes.
They get it. They understand my sense of humor as sick and twisted as it may be.
They're not looking to try to twist it into something that it's not.
In addition to which I'm not a Huracone fan anyway, I want to Michigan State.
I hate to break the news to you.
And I continue to tell you that with your college football fan, it probably makes sense if you're a fan of the team wherever you went to school.
The name makes sense to you.
Okay. Aren't you a fan of the team where you went to school?
I didn't go to school. That was my point. That's why you're not a sports fan.
Oh, is he? Is that what we got? Huh?
I thought it's because I had a life.
Well, that might be part of it.
Here's Tamara. Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Yes?
Any other stuff coming to me, little man?
And I tell you this, you get this one thing for your opinion, little man.
Yeah.
Anyone say I appreciate your show.
I love your show.
I was stopped listening to your show, little man.
All right. All right. Thank you.
Okay. Put the... Was he in the launcher something?
Something.
He was eating something. I think he was eating crackers with honey or something.
Huh. It's not a good idea, man. Do not be eating them crackers.
No, he's not.
Because, yeah, you might start losing it.
But thanks very much for your oral support and whatever you're eating.
Cut it out.
He was eating while he was talking. That was good.
That had a good effect. I couldn't understand a damn thing he was saying.
But he was a good guy, won't he?
Yeah. I think.
You never know. 96 votes.
Which group has made the most progress in the US in the past 100 years?
Blacks 31. Women 26.
Gays 11. Jews 11.
Hispanics 9 and Catholics 8.
There you go, Dennis.
Get yourself some help, sweetheart.
Get some professional help.
Let them put you in a rubber room and cool out for a little while.
Before it's too late.
956-560-WDQM.
There's never been a better time to purchase a new home or refinance a resisting home than right this second.
How about a rate of 3.95 percent?
How do that sound?
That's right.
The 5.95 financial group can offer you when I'm press-ineted.
3.95 percent.
And all you have to do is call financial group tool free 1-800-940-LND.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
The money you're going to save is incredible.
Think about it. You can get yourself a $100,000 loan for only $450 bucks a month.
Rate $200,000 loan for only $950 bucks a month.
The process is simple. You'll save thousands of dollars each year.
So pick up the phone and call our good folks at financial group at 1-800-940-Lend
and they'll explain to you how this works.
There's never been a smarter or a better time to get you a really super low interest rate than right now.
So call financial group and you'll be on your way to saving a big bucket of cash.
Financial group is an equal housing lender.
Federal restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change.
So call right now 1-800-940-LND.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
My and local.
This is 4305-60.
You ain't can't wait.
In the banana republic, baby, only in Miami.
Now lose a script for a fat friend, no.
You can dollar in the dollar of a tattoo, no.
He says honey, got money, no you.
Oh, when you take him in back, you do the private food.
When the hands go, hands go, hands go.
Oh, right.
That's man getting his job.
Take your clothes off, you bitches.
I'm gonna hold you down, I like it to the face.
Take it up, I think roll up this fat.
You don't need by the strings, get the tail very tight.
Raise up, raise up, raise up.
Raise up, that's man getting his job.
Girls, you can't believe big fat guys.
She know how to make this whole bit cry.
That's man takes you the shoutin' out.
We need to skip our gong with power.
Hands go, hands go, hands go.
That's man getting his job.
Penal 1 at 560 WQM Happy Wednesday.
Boy it's a beautiful day here man.
Son of Shining, there is not a cloud in the sky.
It's gonna make almost 50 today.
And I can say, finally huh?
I didn't gonna last for a long.
But what's wrong with this?
567, I was today or is Wednesday but it's not fresh rye of the night.
No, no, every other week.
Every other week, so next week.
I was playing that anticipating that maybe tonight was gonna be the big night for a fat boy.
It's always a big night for fat boy.
567, 05, is line 1 screwed up?
Was that my imagination?
Okay, just checking, just line second.
Here's Lady and Voka, hello.
Lady and Voka.
Hello.
She's out there.
Not there but I didn't sound like I hang up.
Sounded like a...
To me, you know what I'm saying?
Maybe she'll call back but I kinda doubt it.
Here's Miramar, hello.
Miramar.
Okay, this is what we got, alright?
This is the audience.
This is what you folks do for this show.
All you people out there that wanted the phone calls back and opportunity to say something,
be a part of the show, and here on a day especially when I'd expect a little bit of something,
either positive or negative or whatever, whatever.
We got the usual same crap, mouth readers, noise makers, etc.
That's it.
That's the South Florida audience.
I mean, what's the point?
Seriously, what's the point?
What a horse ball place, you know what really, it's just a horse ball place.
A collective IQ smaller than my thumbnail.
Here's Coral Springs, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
That last caller, that wasn't, he wasn't eating.
I think he had one of those Metro PCS phones, you know, for 35 bucks you get what you get.
But I wanted to talk to you about the Heracune.
You know, you need to be able to laugh at yourself.
You know, I lived in California and I lived there until I was 20 and then I moved out to Florida.
And, you know, I meet people out here and this is the South.
It's different, different for black people out here.
It's different for all people.
But in California, you know, I meet some of the, some of the best and the sweetest people out here.
And a lot of them I just say, you know, you don't even know what it's like if you live in California, you see how it would be treated right.
And they treat them much different out in California.
They treat them much different.
They treat black people much different.
Oh, that's it.
Yeah.
You know, this is the South.
How about the Chicanos?
The Chicanos?
Yeah.
Well, the Chicanos still don't get treated right out in California, but that's my point.
They treat the Cubans right now, that's for sure.
Both of them.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
I'm heading for California right away.
Not.
Isn't that good?
Sure, great.
Let's go.
They treat the dark folks good.
But if you happen to meet Chicanos while they're still working on you guys.
And of course, if you happen to be Chinese, they have a South Vietnamese or Korean or whatever, they got no choice.
Because they're so many of you.
I'm not really sure what he was trying to say.
Five, six, eight.
He did say the rules are different here in the South.
And he's right.
Oh, man.
Is it ever?
Oh, the lady in Boca's back.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I was calling.
I'm going to tell you something that you probably already know, but you're listeners who are not ignorant and know a little bit about personality psychology.
You know that it's most uncomfortable with you because you're so secure with yourself and he's not.
Is that what it is?
I think so.
Yeah.
That's it.
So what do we do about that?
How do we make him more secure about himself?
You're like, get some crazy glue to keep the hair piece on straight.
Yeah, exactly.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks for the analization.
Thank you.
Here's the facts.
Oh, listen to George's Acronic Faxor who says,
Good morning, Neil and George.
I listen to her hat show this morning.
I might be wrong, but my impression was during his opening monologue.
Hair piece seemed to be trying to set the table for a day of allowing listeners to rip the Neil Roger's show host a material by tying it into this ridiculous.
Well, that's exactly right.
The thing is the Oregon and then trying to connect it with the University of Miami and QIM.
But after about an hour and after several callers called into the now censorship, I thought that mold backed off.
I thought he and Goldie both ultimately came down on the side of those who said,
if you don't like the material of a radio show, just hit the button on your radio.
I'm low to defend Howard, but how it seemed to me that his tone was rather innocuous after all,
once the conversation lost steam.
Well, that's beside the point.
That's like throwing something out there and if the audience doesn't jump out of your bandwagon, doesn't agree with you,
then kind of like a waffle away from it, you know?
That's not the point.
It was just another intrepid subject brought forth by Mr. Mo trying to stir the pot.
The one thing Mo doesn't understand is that A. He's not winning his presentation,
and B. He shall always submit on social issues.
I'm sure tomorrow I'll go back to talking about Tiger Woods and the Ask Masters.
Tournament had a great day.
Yeah.
Well, I'm not letting him off that easy.
Because I know it from this side of the microphone and from the last several days,
which after a certain conversation took place about a week ago Monday,
everything started to become inco-pacetic.
Maybe some people can't stand prosperity.
Maybe some people don't want to get along with other people.
Maybe some people like being a subject of score.
Maybe they're used to it.
The fact that everybody in the building hates them like poison.
Just this morning I had one of our salespeople begging me to try to go to bat
to get somebody else to do our morning show, and I said like I told them before,
I don't think I try to get people can.
That's not my bag.
Other people may do that.
I don't play that game.
I don't threaten to get people can.
I don't have George can.
I didn't get the beast can.
I don't play that game because I have a little bit of sensitivity that people's livelihoods are at stake.
We're not talking about people's lives.
Not just about numbers.
And this was such a minute story to make an entire show out of that.
It didn't fool me for one second.
Come and bring it out of left field.
And to try to keep drawing the analogy well.
University of Mimes on this radio station and they haven't yet but if they should.
Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop.
Well, they're not gonna.
They're not gonna.
And long before you came down the pike mister with your bad hair piece.
Long before you came here I broadcast you of M baseball for six years.
And did a hell of a job.
In fact, Paul Dees was telling that to Ray Perry just four or five weeks ago told him that.
Ray came in and passed that along when I was there.
Not that they have any great love for me.
You've been because I'm too controversial in a lot of ways but nevertheless,
maybe respect the fact that I did a hell of a good job for him.
And they got bigger fish to fry than worry about trying to control the content.
You know, it's interesting before I came.
Let's turn the clock back a little bit.
This is bringing back some real memories.
Not not good ones either.
Remember Christina Moron?
Sure.
Mr. Hockey, right?
Who's now playing laughing clown for ESPN on the weekends like about two o'clock in the morning?
Here's a guy who came.
Another one.
Another genius.
Who had a bug up his ass?
And because I had the audacity, of course at that time we were working on radio stations.
He was on the station.
We were on IOD.
And because I had the audacity to say that he was this boring as he made Joseph Hockey sound like I'm Mexican jumping bee.
He didn't even do the game.
This is on radio.
He'd be talking about extraneous stuff and you could tell the game had started again.
You'd hear the puck hitting the, you know, the, the, the sounds of the sticks and pucks on the ice.
Because they had the overhead microphone hanging down.
You hear all the game was going on and you knew it but he was talking cock-a, you know.
And it's because I had the audacity to criticize him.
He became a real antagonist.
And he had a talk show on his station back at that time in this time slot as a matter of fact with very, very minute numbers speaking of my newt.
And I remember after I signed a contract to come over here to QAM from IOD,
through after that they paid me off to go away seven months when I told him I was coming here.
I'm in the house and one of my infrequent trips back to South Florida during that summer.
And I'm listening to the radio and he's going on a great length about I don't think the O'Rourke's will ever be on WQAM.
I don't think it's going to happen.
He's too controversial.
The sponsor's long ever put up with it.
And then it led into speculation that because Wayne Heizinger, he did me like poison because I was so I think that I had a antagonistic to Baldy.
And because of the fact that he owned at that time the Marlins and the dolphins,
that the O'Rourke's will never appear.
That sure will never happen on QAM.
Well here we are five and a half years later boys and girls, whatever the hell the timeframe is.
Ratings are out. We're still number one.
We're still kicking ass. The log is full. We're still making him a crap load of money.
So Christina Moore, I didn't have any idea what he was talking about.
Moe Howard, David Donoway, he's a Johnny come lately.
See it seems to me instead of barging in like a goddamn white tornado.
With a big fan ego, when you come into a new market you take a little bit of time to learn the law of the land.
Don't you think that's probably a good idea?
Oh well, yeah.
To get to know people and know what they're really all about.
But when you're dealing with a humorless pump is self-serving jackass, then ain't gonna happen.
And like I said, I've backed off for the last time.
Ain't gonna happen again.
We'll play the bits that we want to play.
We'll talk about the substance we want to talk about.
Whether without his approval and any aroudershow will continue.
And it's a pretty sad goddamn day that anybody would take a minute story like that.
A meaningless story like that and make it into a whole radio show.
With obviously clearly one thing in mind.
And that is to continue hammering away on that point.
The arouders is a racist.
The arouders is a bigot.
The arouders is a bad guy.
And the arouders also has the highest ratings on this radio station.
And has had for the last five years.
And will continue to have.
And brings in more revenue than any other show on this radio station.
And will continue to do that.
So it's no longer an option.
I mean, there's nothing left to say as far as well.
You know, jump on a bad wagon.
He ain't got to be on my bandwagon ever.
Talk about the pot calling the kettle.
Puse.
And then of course there was sickle fans, those ass liquors.
All the people like the denizens of the world and the Wendy's of the World.
And the war wand or whatever name is.
People that we desperately want off the run and show because they have nothing to say.
They're just, they're just wacko people.
And they've all found like a little nesting place there.
Just kind of like the Joey Reynolds show on a weekends in IOD.
Remember that?
Do I remember it?
I had a board out there.
Air V person.
Now we didn't want any of the guy with the eyes.
Gilbert.
I mean, you name it.
They all found a nest and they found a home.
They found a place to roost.
My, my, my.
Those were the days, weren't they?
What am I going to all work up about?
How about the big ones that he only one arm?
Huh?
It's a phone on this end.
Yeah, because you're a heartless son of a race.
That's why you're saying bloodthirsty heartless.
Speak.
Yeah.
From and it's after 10 at 560 WQM if you're looking in the mirror wondering where the hell did that hair go?
Went down the drain, went down the toilet, fell on the floor, went into bathtub.
Wherever it goes, it falls out because it's just one of them things, man, about being a man.
My man.
And the Charles Alfieri natural hairline system is the best in the universe no matter what you pay.
You could pay thousands of dollars and still not look as good as with Charlie's system because it's a hundred percent undetectable.
It looks like they hear on your head is the real thing like it's going out of your scalp.
Not like some awful animal fell from the sky with that kryptonite and just died on your head.
So call today and take advantage of the special 200-dollar QM discount when you tell them that Neararage is toward the decal.
And don't forget that Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of hair systems.
Why do you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks and will make you look human?
And don't forget when you buy the natural hairline system from Charles Alfieri, everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee.
In fact, the 30 days you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells.
If you're not getting hit at least four or five times a day, Charlie gives you full refund.
So what do you wait and forget your hair back?
Great looking head of hair from Charlie Alfieri, the hair man.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Our log out of his website at Charles Alfieri.com.
Find a local species five cities.
Three years of yours now.
You win!
Shannon, I thought you were.
We all know how Shannon Faulkner's courageous three hour, half a day attempt to enter the citadel, ended at Helmley.
It hurts to quit.
Oh, and I don't think I look good on the shorts.
But Shannon's story started two and a half years before Helmley.
And now, E.B. Sleeze presents, you can go to Helm, I quit.
The Shannon Faulkner's show.
Up and out of Shannon's time to work out, let's go to the coming months.
Everyone in the Faulkner's console, new Shannon would have to be in tip-top shape to complete the rigorous training at the citadel.
Dad, I can't eat anymore.
Oh, a battery cadet, 1312 more Twinkies, where that one came from.
Now, leave, but.
I'm not going to have to break up.
Let's set it up, things made you too much woman for me.
If you like to finish your prize, can I have it?
You can go to Helm, I quit.
The Shannon Faulkner's story.
It's the movie that proves you don't have to succeed in life.
You just have to sell your miserable life story to the networks.
Sunday night on E.B. Sleeze.
1017-560-WDQM got the mad dog at one hand, called the owner three.
In the studio for four solid hours, you would know extraneous stuff.
Shico Panther, preview 7-730.
At 730, the Panthers and the Islanders, where is that game?
Do we know?
Is that a home game?
I'm not asking you.
I'm not asking.
It's in Sunrise, a home game.
80K after the hockey game, 80K from GA and Joe and Mark overnight.
That's the schedule.
That's the agenda.
And you know what?
We have a hidden agenda.
Here is North Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can you play that song again by the guy with the crack?
No, we can't.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Are we still talking about Moir?
You can talk about anything you like.
Okay.
Oh, well, I'm just saying, his ratings go up.
Wouldn't that be directly your fault?
Directly my fault?
Yes.
His ratings go up.
What is that?
Well, what publicity are you giving him?
His ratings are going up.
Yeah.
That's what I'm saying.
So, doesn't he have a view to thank for that?
What that his ratings went down?
No, his ratings are going to go up.
Oh, brother.
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
So, let me ask you.
I beg your pardon?
If the ratings go in.
If the ratings go in.
Five ways.
If the ratings go in, will they come out the end?
How back home?
That's the question.
I just didn't understand them, I guess.
567, 0560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Low.
As the propory of Crap continues.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, let's put this goal over the chronology of Howard David.
He comes into this market.
He says, I'm very jackass.
This is column.
But he's going to reinvent sports radio.
He's never having gone anywhere.
He tried to fire the beef.
I think successfully.
He did.
Wait, wait, wait.
It's so round a little bit, okay?
Because, you know, being on the outside.
You're not quite as privy to what's going on in the inside.
If you really want to waste the time going through the whole chronology.
He can't curl and off the show first, because he didn't fit in his mind.
Then he got the beast game, because the beast was unprofessional.
And then when the beast came in one day to do the sports headlines.
He also got a, on that particular day, when he was talking to Geldie during in-between the headlines.
A mo-called it off-theor to make sure he wasn't on there, because he's unprofessional.
Doesn't want him on a show.
Okay, next.
And I think Ron Hershey Highlight can get better ratings than him.
But he already did.
I mean, this guy, he's ruined the golfing games.
I mean, how many times do I have to hear that Scott Gallaghan is a former New York giant?
I mean, I'm scared.
Yeah.
I mean, this guy, I mean, I think in honor of all this.
And because we don't hear Geldie's voice anymore, can we hear Geldie talking on a sports show song?
Okay.
Thank you.
See ya.
Oh, brother.
And I'm also not defended.
I'm not going to do that disclaimer about why, you know, he does actually play by play.
How would that?
Okay, how would it?
We didn't have a problem on the Dolphin broadcast.
Zimphurant managed to wear a great team.
Zimphurant managed to do his thing.
And we didn't have a problem there.
The fact that Zimphur wasn't in town.
Who gave a crap about that?
Really?
Anybody complain about that?
I never heard any complaints.
Whether they knew his name or not.
They had no complaints with those broadcasts.
They were just fine.
But now we've had all kinds of sight.
And again, I don't even blame Mo.
I blame one person for all of this.
And his name is Greg Reed.
He's the only one who's got a shoulder to blame.
He created the nightmare in the first place about a year ago when he started dicking with a morning show in a fit of peak.
And he hasn't been able to put it back together again.
Just like we saw what they did at IOD with Reneerie.
Every time they start messing with success, they screw it up.
They can't just leave things alone.
They never recovered from that crap at IOD in the morning.
Ever?
Not that his audience was the youngest in the world.
They had the greatest demographics.
But he was an institution.
They were making money on that show and they were doing just fine.
And they didn't have a clue what they were going to do at that point.
They had no idea what they were going to replace it with.
So they tried to, well, we might even go back to that, you know, to depressing.
And didn't you run the checkmire show anyway?
I thought it was you.
Oh, well, it was me.
Maybe you want to work with it into that show.
Maybe both of us.
We sandbagged all those great phoneers.
If you had supported it, if you had just said phone interviews.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
On a really bizarre, unexpected, psychotic day.
Because the topic today is Neo is a racist.
He's a bad guy.
He's a sunbitch is what he is.
He's an evil doer.
And don't you ever forget about it.
And he disguises all of that stuff he does,
other than guys of stick as in...
All right, stick it.
Here's a call from the Gables, hello.
Come on, get back here.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Okay, I'm going out.
Voka, hello.
Mo is a limp stick.
Okay, it just continues.
Sure glad we brought the calls back.
Yeah, sure glad, yeah.
Brought your calls back because it sure really adds to the moment
that the mole of the show, you know, the momentum.
The mole I hear and the mole I realize,
it was probably not a good idea.
Oh, we want to hear the callers.
They got so much to contribute.
Let's face it no matter what the subject matter is,
the overwhelming majority of you have got nothing to say,
which is what makes South Florida one of the media ingredients,
but one of the prime ingredients that makes it just a outdoor sump pump.
A gigantic septic tank spread over thousands and thousands of acres.
You can smell it all the way up here.
Here's plantation, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I cannot believe you've missed something that happened
four weeks now during this football season with Gelding.
He has quoted the broad task guys calling of the game
and not his box was calling of the game,
which means he's not a listening to his box home game.
He's listening to ESPN and ABC.
Yeah.
And I don't understand why I didn't call him on that yet.
Well, call him up and ask him about that.
Okay, see, I don't want to play that game.
That's childish.
Why do you people do that?
Call them up on that.
You probably won't get on the ear,
but ask Gelding that question.
He did this and he did that without the like here,
what he's listening to.
And that's another problem with an partial audience.
Is that about 70% of the people are like little children anyway,
in a sandbox.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, I'll tell you seriously,
this town just never ceases to amaze me.
Hey, we're all behind you, Nail.
All behind you.
Look over your shoulder and see way back there into distance.
And I'm only way back into distance,
but they're all turning around walking the other way.
You know what I mean?
No, what do you mean?
I mean, we got 100 and some of our votes on the pool.
What do we got?
Can't control my mouse.
My mouse is even out of control.
189 votes.
Which group has made the most progress in the US
over the past 100 years?
It just changed again, Dema.
How do you like that?
196.
Black 61.
Women 53.
Catholics 22.
Jews 20.
Gays 20.
His Spaniards 20.
Three-way tie for last.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, you think the dolphins are happy with him?
Here's Dear Field.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
How are you today?
Okay.
Just want to let you know that I've listened to your program
for a long time.
I've never called you.
But always find it very interesting.
I love some of the stuff you get on to.
And when you do get offensive as far as I'm concerned,
I simply flip the dial.
Yeah.
And then I flip it back a few minutes later,
see if you've gotten off that topic.
And I enjoy the rest of the show.
Okay.
The problem what you're talking about is South Florida
for the most part, they are morons.
And I can't wait to get the heck out of this state.
Because I feel if you've got to have a brain in your head,
you won't have it if you live here too long.
It'll get fried.
Even in the town of the earth, it fries.
Totally fried.
And I'm from a place that you know very well.
It's born and raised in Geneva, New York.
Then move to the Rochester area.
And I'm ready to move back to the Rochester area.
Snow, cold, and all.
Yeah, I don't mind the weather.
I mean, we've had some weather here over the last few days.
Didn't bother me.
See, this is one of the great myths that they sell in South Florida.
And places like South Florida is that weather is everything.
And I got the climate at certain points of the year is pretty nice.
But weather is not life.
When people find out I'm from Rochester, they actually say,
you me, you're going to move back there.
I say, have you ever been to that area of the country?
It's actually some of the most beautiful country that there is.
Yeah, for a couple of weeks, I'll be right back.
No, that's all they think of.
Okay, I'll wait to cross the lakes, sweetheart.
Yeah, well, the place you're talking to you.
Have a great day.
Five.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
I mean, that guy before.
Do you think that often, I don't know.
Call it that often.
That's fine.
If they're happy with them.
That's one of those people.
Ask Harvey Green.
I don't know.
I'm sure they'll tell you yes.
They're ecstatic.
What do you think, George?
1026 and 560 WQM.
I think Delights and West Bokers, your low carb sugar free actin's diet headquarters.
In fact, I don't think it.
I'd be knowing it.
And they've just got in 14 different low carb cookies, all from three different bakers,
all delicious.
And if you had a pick of favorite, you probably won't be able to because they're all sensational.
Peanut butter, chocolate chocolate chip, lemon, coconut, all sugar for your low carb.
And by the way, I completed my first anti-acquins lost one pound.
Oh!
And you like that?
I would've lost more if I had a big tub of soup last night.
Didn't have any cramp.
What?
You can stop by Delights and sample any of their products.
Try them before you buy them.
Delights gave us a loaf of their new low carb bread called,
Sincerely Low Carb Red.
It's really good stuff.
Spread some of that new La Nuba jam on it.
And you've got a great low carb breakfast.
Just jam on it.
And don't forget is your official Atkins Diary Tail Center.
Delights at West Bokersells, every Atkins brand,
product at 25% off today.
Next, Sookas Everyday.
You've heard the reports on Atkins.
In fact, just the other day.
That Atkins is working like crazy.
Just yesterday we had a big story that their finally starting to win at Atkins really gets the job done for you.
And it's a great way to lose weight.
Delights at West Bokers got a friendly and knowledgeable staff to help you get all the items for your Atkins diet.
They're open 10 to 10 everyday on the corner of Glades and 4 for you on in Bokah.
And entire store dedicated to products you be looking for.
Call 1-877 Low Carb, or check them out on the web at lowcarb.com.
We're Supposed Radio 5-City!
We're Supposed Radio 5-City!
You A-M!
BAM!
That's all.
That we might sing a such an asshole.
He yelled at Manich that creature
Because he wouldn't take a shower with
Hangleberg and asshole
asshole
Each realizing a suction asshole
He's just like Hitler and Abe a brawn
What's that he's pounding on?
asshole
asshole
asshole
He's looking for the central asshole
He only think there is left to say
It's rock, jazz, right away
I don't think he'll ever be on QAM because Lane wouldn't tolerate it
He sure won't be playing those songs anymore
Right, right Christina
They're all experts baby, they all got their thumb right on it
Here's the fact from Irving who says
Do you need to have a list of this since 1976
Oi!
And your show keeps getting better
Thanks for the last and perspective
You might want to check out, it's got a website
If you haven't already seen a report on the detailed dismantling of our privacy rights
By the Bushmeister and his ilk, it's www.lchr.org
Thanks Irving
Bye, dear Senator Irving, happy Channuka
Etc
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60
Don't forget we got that big new into one hour today
All comedy vets to put a smile on your purse
I had a smile on my purse when I sat down this morning
And now I don't like my tone, you know what?
I don't like the tone
You like the tone?
Yeah, I like it fine
Yeah, that's because you're a part list, whatever
Prick rhymes with the stick
That's right
Trouble maker
Tread the sturber
Put your point
I think you've got a point
But I wear a hat
See, I don't really care anymore
Because I'm not putting on any more pretense
You know, because you try and you try
And you try and you make the effort
The effort has been honestly made, I'm not trying to like the oprimadonna
But the effort has been made on this end
Even on requested it was made on this end this last time
You know, like he's back a little bit
Give the guy a chance to like find it
And we thought we're making some progress
Have we discussed that off the air?
Yes, we did
Thought we're making a little bit of progress and bringing this so you'll remain into the real world
There is no hope there
There is no hope
Because this is an unyielding, arrogant, egotistical, pompous-ass, thelexa wood
Not only have I never worked with before, thelexa wood I've never encountered in my life
I've met some real look, I've been around 60 years old, I've been around a block several times all over the world
I've met nice people, assholes, everybody in between
But I've never encountered a beast like this, I shouldn't have said that
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
Here's a call from Beautiful Boynton Beach
Hello
Phil?
What is it?
Hi
Hi
Thank you
Thank you
I just want to say that I was my dad has a car business where they go up north to the North
South and deliver cars back and forth for the wealthy people
Thank you
And when I was taking the car up there was somebody got in a billboard who was white
Somebody spray painted your number and your name, your radio number
And that's how I got to listen to you
But what I want to say is right now
Where was this?
Oh jeez
And it might have been a Palm Beach County, it might have been in that county up north
But I want to tell you that that's true
And then I want to say this is a true story here
My dad's a car business, I retired, my dad's still driving
And he had to go to Miami the other night to pick up a lady, elderly lady in a wheelchair
From California
Oh
Yeah
That's true
They picked her out
And they went to her bag
Good
And nice
Good, I'm not sure we don't get her back here again, we got enough old people out there
Okay, well thanks very much for your assimilating story and keep driving it
What was that?
5607-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, West Palm Beach, hello
Hey, now how you doing?
Alright
I got a question
In the last 15 or 20 years that you've been down here, what's the best morning, midday, afternoon, line up
You've been a part of, it won't be the best one you would put together
I think beyond the shadow of that one, we had Rick and Suss in the morning, I was in midday
And Phil was in the afternoon and Randy was at night
Are you hearing me?
Oh he's got his radio on
Oh he's got his radio, he's listening to...
Well maybe no, he didn't want to hear himself, I guess he thought he could only hear, maybe he couldn't hear me
Don't be so nasty man, you're a nasty person George
And I don't know, I just thought I mentioned it
Okay, well I mean some people keep reminding me, other folks about me, so I'm going to keep reminding them about you
You're just saying, deflecting, deflecting their attention, so it's like a diversionary attack, I'm a nasty man
No seriously, don't you think that was a great line up?
Well are you kidding everybody?
And you'll notice now, and he's latest trends that IOD is making some inroads and speaking of Phil, he's kicking ass at night
Are you sure?
Number two in men, did I tell you that?
Yes
Had a big trend, he had a five tied for second with AQI Radio Mam B
With a five, five, now he's not going to catch EDR because they're all alone up there at night, you know
But he's kicking ass
And when we had Rick and Suz and yours truly in Phil Henry, that was an award winning lineup
And of course the cost people blew that, well we tried every way we know to make money with you people
And we don't have time for all of this, we know Bob Neal, blow out your ass, little midget
I practically every appearance somebody will comment on those days in that lineup
Those were great days
But I started to say IOD is making some inroads now, and the reason that Tom Todd, the whatever that guy is directing, he have to know what is his name, Schmechnit
The reason he's making the number in there, not because he's got a great show, but all the way I notice he's doing
When I last time I heard him he was like playing some comedy, but he's like trying to be a crossover between me and Lardass
He's like Lardass Jr., you're a very right wing, but also trying to crossover to some of the stuff we do
But the reason he's got the audience is he's got the flow through from Lardass, who gets him flow through from Dr. Laura, and they got Phil on a night
So it's by the fact they call them the news station, it's really a talk station
And when you're the island, when you're the only non-sports show on an all-sport station, and when he continue talking about it's all sports radio and that's all they want to say
It makes it doubly hard, it's very hard
Can you feel it?
Yeah, I'm feeling it right now, it is very hard
It's semi-soft
Yeah, maybe some of that stool softener might help
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T
In fact, I remember the first time I complained about that old chair that I had up here
Yeah
And Bob Vermuth when he was still up here instead of getting me a new chair to sit under and to show he brought me a little package of stool softener
I guess he didn't understand what that meant
Well, he's a little bit slow Bob Vermuth
Roy
Here's Key Largo, hello
Yo, yo, yo, the Traco
Very weak rendering, don't you think?
Indeed
Here's Miami, hello
Miami
Hey, me and you, I'm one, how are you?
Okay
I was listening to the radio this morning, I was listening to these two female morning announcers
I'll tell you just to show you how weak people are
What this thing with this Michael Jackson holding this kid over the balcony
You know the H5 that justify him doing that
I mean, it's time for some of these spineless people to call a state of state and a pedophile one too
Right, absolutely correct
You know, just get it out
That's all I really have to say, it really burned me up
Well, what show is that?
I mean, it was 97.3 or 97.9, one of those two female amounts in the morning
I mean, I'm not a coaster, RMS
Yeah, yeah, yeah, just trying to kiss his butt then
That's pathetic, that's really tragic
Yeah, so I already got the first time call I'm calling you to say
Okay, thanks
Okay, let's all go burn some Michael Jackson records
Oh, right
What do you say, huh?
No, I don't have that
No, no, seriously, and the fact that the media, I even shouldn't have done that story myself
Why don't we just declare a moratorium, huh?
Unless he does something I mean, really so grotesque, not that that wasn't grotesque enough
You're out, Michael, you're out
And you're not going to be able to help the family
And you notice how he's like, he's kind of like breeding these little kids
I'm afraid what's going to be happening to them
Right, pet your dish
Yeah
I don't mean he's breeding it but he's having them bred for him
Because he sure is calling for father
But at any rate, see that once they're his own kids
Haven't only knows what he's going to be doing to get like old enough another week or two
When they get to be about six months old
And then of course just like bubbles like I mentioned yesterday
They want to get to be a little bit too old like maybe 12 or 13 and they'll be out
They'll be out on their own and have like a little satchel on their shoulder and it'll be it
1041 at 560 WQA Ampomptopark is open
For live harness racing and it's best three nights a week
Wait a minute
Four nights a week
Can you believe that?
I do now
Every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday
And I mentioned that just the other day I might have been my psychic powers again
About the Mondays and the Free Spaghetti
First post on 715
Seeing their free general parking, free clubhouse and grants that admission every afternoon in the evening
Why not come up for a great evening of horse racing action?
Rude home a winner from the rail?
Creature stuff to a private box seat on the fourth floor and enjoy a Ben and Jerry Hot Fudge Sunday
Or a slice of Pilates pizza
Tonight Wednesday November 20th, it's the opening round of the bartender series
Month long event features you local bar and a jog card foot race down the stretch
One team member must hold a tray with three drinks that can't fall off during
Off the tray during the race
You following that?
No
2500 bucks in cash and prizes on the line
And don't forget that every Wednesday like tonight is dollar night
You can get yourself a draft beer hot dog soda large pretzel or popcorn only a bucket piece
Poppano Park's excellent top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor is open every
Leveracing night for fine dining featuring chef Kirk Ladez nightly specials
And the best seafood states and primary rib dinners in town
You got yourself your little TV monitor to see all the races and to see how the stock market's gone way down to
There's also a great all you can eat buffet and the fourth floor players lounge
Only 1095 per person every racing night
Poppano Park also offers full card sample casting every day seven days
Wakes starting at noon with highlight harness and thoroughbred action
Don't forget we're now into that new winter schedule at Poppano Park
Four live racing nights a week Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday including the night first
Post on 715 at Poppano Park on Powerline Road to Blouse South of Atlantic Boulevard
This is sports 20 or 5 to 2 way yeah
Stop out of the mix
Gellby Gellby talking on a sports show
Trying to be my show
Your voice sounds just like a seven year old girl
A little sports whole chill
What else are you there for?
Gellby Gellby talking like a baby
Who needs a little training
Why can't you understand
You don't sound like a man
Remove the rubber bands that choke
Your scrubs come guilty
Gellby Gellby Gellby Gellby
Your lucky management don't care
Cause Gellby you don't belong there on the air
And Gellby those sports can wait till your voice cracks
Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop
Poo! Gellby Gellby when you're gonna grow up
You make us wanna grow up
You feel a sweet people
Go to broadcasting school
Your pretty, you best of boys
Makes you sound like a fuss
You're around five
Ten forty seven and five fifty
W.A.M. Happy Wednesday to the sun is shining
The pigeons are back, they're doing a number
What a hell not
Virus plate, Amsterdam will skip a cruise
Remember we talked about that the other day?
Yeah
Holland America's cancelled his next 10 day care
Be inclusive or the Amsterdam
Is it tries to kill the stomach virus
Then it's played more than 500 passengers over four consecutive
Voyages
The cruise line said it called off tomorrow sailing to break the person-to-person cycle of the illness
Symptoms with general last one or two days include vomiting, diarrhea, headache and low-grade fever
The virus can be dangerous for the elderly of those with medical problems
We want to demonstrate to our passengers that we're doing everything we can to eliminate this virus eliminated
Said Holland America's spokeswoman Rose Abelow
We want our future guest on the Amsterdam to have peace of mind and confidence in sailing with us
On this sailing 57 passengers and 17 crew members have contracted the sickness
On three previous cruises a total of 438 passengers have been stricken
The Amsterdam is due to return of our deport-everglades
CDC spokeswoman Susan McClure said historical data shows it takes four days of cleaning
With no passengers on the ship to significantly reduce the virus numbers
They got it clean it, they got a scrub it, they got a spray it
They got a lick it
5670560.560 on the AT&T line 253 votes on the pool
Which group has made the most progress in the US in the past hundred years?
Even though those poor lady golfers, those women can't get into Augusta
Black 73, women 72, Hispanics 30, Jews 28, Gays 26, Catholics 24
I don't understand that, it doesn't make any sense to me the way this poll is coming
I mean Jews used to have to change their names
They had to be closets Jews in this country
And that's not 100 years ago, that's like 50, 60 years ago
And back in the early 50s when the McCarthy era came they had to start doing it again
Huh?
Yeah
So it would seem to me that there should be a few more
What can I say?
But it's all relative
It all depends on who your relatives are right
The 5670560.560 on the AT&T line at noon we begin our noon to 1 magnificent Wednesday hump hour
I can't wait, can you wait?
I'm Jones and right now
Here's Miami, hello
Sure can take it but can't do shit
Yeah, sure can call every day can't you pal?
That's that idiot again are we ever going to do something about him?
But do we want to break his kneecaps?
Man, what an idiot
56705 see there's a difference asshole which I'll need to take the time even in spite of the fact that it's you
Because we have to draw you a diaphragm because you're too stupid to understand or maybe you just don't want to
There's a difference between song parodies and there's a difference between comedy bits and between trying to paint somebody as a racist bigot and try to like interfere or interfere with their right to have a livelihood
If you can't see that you're more stupid than we thought you were
And by the way, George is waiting for you next Wednesday
Oh stop, don't invite him
Why not?
I'm sure he's gay anyway
I think that too you would have a great time together you might just get along famously
Here is sunrise, hello
Good morning Neil
Yes sir
I'm Chris I'm Colin, I just moved from Puerto Rico back here and I have a real unusual firm Renee
He's turned me off to you, I don't know if you remember the Renee
Renee?
Yeah, little Cuban guy talking
You know
He's been in one here commercial many years ago
Walk away Renee?
No
Well anyhow, my question is to you
As the listen to these calluses morning, why do you continue being so?
Why would you want to be in this market so?
I mean, it's just my background to be
Can I give you one word answer?
Money
Well in that case I guess
I'll take the money
But that is the only reward that I get is the money
That's it
You know, it's incredible
I'm a doctor server now
You can imagine I see everything in the breeze that people act
And it's incredible why would anybody working this stuff floor the previous
Right
Well that's why I'm not there, that's why I'm not there
Oh that's right, that's right
You're in here in Canada right?
I'm sitting in beautiful Toronto right now looking out my window with a sunny beautiful loose guy
A lot of nice people out there
Yeah, I rub it in too
That's right
I'm going to do it so
That's all I have to say
Okay, have a great day pal
You're too thin
Don't unpack
Don't unpack and be the biggest mistake you ever made
I always tell people that and then they laugh at me
And then about six months later they call back say hey we're just about moving out of here
We're going to anywhere you know some place sell my Alabama some place will be safe
5 6 7 0 5 60
£5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
It is amazing how so many people can be in one place all congregated together
And so a little going on
Here's a lot of Dale hello
Fort Lauderdale
Oh hey Dale how you doing?
Okay
Good hey can we talk about
Anything you like?
Anything you want?
Can we talk about black people sipping?
Yeah
Can we talk about Jimmy and Danny?
Yeah
Can we talk about God?
Yeah keep going
I'm out of sh-
I'm out of sh-
Oh sorry
No you don't have any material
Look at that he didn't have any material
It was a crank
I know that
I know that but he's doing a number on him we talked about this and talked about that
What was that?
What was it?
He was the definitive South Florida caller right there right nothing to say
It's like today's people call it
How come you're talking about this?
Well what would you like to talk?
No no but how come you're talking about this?
And they have absolutely nothing to say about anything
I know what always amazes you and it just shocks the living daylights out of me
That only program in the world
In the world
Like the guy that called me forces
Okay we still talk about more and I said talk about whatever you want
I don't care I'll listen until it gets too boring
And it still is making a difference which I think shows you the depth
The depth of the shallowness is that like an icy moron?
I like that
The depth of the shallowness is South Florida
Here's Fort Lauderdale again hello
Hi
Hi Neil, I'm on
Hello
I just want to say I think you're in for more than the money
Because you have lots of laughs
Yeah
Yeah
I think you're a riot
Let me say it again
I'm on N-E-Y
No, you're laughing
Show me the money
You've got to laugh, you've got to chuckle just to fall asleep
Think about some of the things that are said on the show
No yeah
I can't follow back down, I've got to go
Okay
Well there's the laugh
There you go
Right on target
5, 6, 7 let me say it again
M-O-N-E-Y
Lots of it
That's the only reason there was no other reward
All the money we raised for charity on this show
Rarely is a word written about that
Why 100 goes out and does this Sicily-ass thing with the national
What was it Hollywood Squares?
And here's a big puff piece in time
Jikas Kalam
And here's this one right in about that
And Kevin fact is right
We get nothing
Okay, I mean I'm not saying we haven't had some publicity over the years
Most of it bad
But nothing
No matter what you do, no matter how much positive or free entertainment
You give no matter how much you raise for charity
How many good things you try to do
No matter how much people are out to try to nail your ass
And nothing
So there's no other rewards
Just that paycheck every two weeks
And people think I'm joking when I say that
Absolutely nothing
Look at these calls
Look at these calls
Not that we've had any shortage of calls today
How many of these calls we've had in these in two hours so far
Would you say have been the worth the price of peanuts too?
Not even the few
That lady in which other one
Come on
In the early going there were a couple
But you're just forgetting now
Okay, so you're getting old because you forget the early ones
That's been the pattern lately
First few minutes we get a couple of people with something to say
And then they're out of material for the rest of the day
You're forgetting where you are
No, I'm not
I'm not forgetting where I am
And it looks really great out there
I'm going to just go out and walk miles
I'm just going to go out and get a brisk walk
All over the place
Get some brisket and then walk
Brisk it
Maybe I'll just walk down the street and get some good brisket at the deli
1056 at 560 WQA and hey if you love your home
But you need more space do the smart thing like even little George did it
What does that tell you?
Do what hundreds of other people are doing call strictly additions
Whether you're having a baby in another room
Maybe you're converting a car porter panty when living space
Maybe you went into business for yourself and you want to make a home orifice in your house
Call strictly additions because these people are the experts
That's what they're all about
They're your one stop shop, your more space for your place place
With an absolutely worry for your approach to expanding your living space
Those no shows by the contractors and going to happen
In complete work, no chance, no unexpected bills
No worries about the job not getting done right
They take care of every stinking last detail
They drop your blueprints, they get the building permits where you hand all the inspections
And strictly additions has got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction
And the reason we go down this list all the time is to show you how simple it is
First call to schedule a free project evaluation deployment at your home
Where a project estimating will determine the exact scope of your addition
Second schedule a bit of point into their convenience room
Where you get a detailed proposal and an exact price for your work, exact
Third select your finishing touches, go to contract, then number four
Review this on architectural drawings and fifth last but most definitely not least
Sit back and relax as your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality
It's a piece of cake, they make everything so simple for you
They're licensed, they're insured, they want to do a super job for you like they're doing for George
Look for their ad in the yellow pages, they serve all a proud and South Palm Beach County as well
Call right now for example at 9.5 or like an hour and a half
Call 9.5.4.791.8100
9.5.4.791.8100
Be sure and tell that old Neo reported call strictly additions 9.5.4.791.8100
My mind and local, here's sports radio 560, UA, UA, yeah
It stops, it's me fired up when I hear someone say that
I'm not a fan of the
I'm not a fan of the
I'm not a fan of the
I'm not a fan of the
I'm not a fan of the
I'm not a fan of the
I'm not a fan of the
I'm not a fan of the
I'm not a fan of the
I'm not a fan of the
I'm not a fan of the
I'm not a fan of the
yeah
The guy that
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
The five 60 WQM next hours are bringing in the one hour all comedy bits all hour.
This warning for those people with no sense of humor.
277 votes which group has made the most progress in the West in the past 100 years?
Blacks 81 women 78 that's where the race is between blacks and what about black women?
Hey, what do they vote for?
Hispanics 33 Jews 30, Gays 30 and Catlx 25.
What about Gays Jews?
We should have like four categories under don't you think?
Or Hispanic Jews?
Maybe tomorrow.
Black Hispanics.
Speaking of that Orlando Gay Rights measure gets preliminary approval.
Gays and lesbians are a step closer to being added to these city's anti-discrimination
protection laws as the Orlando City Council gay preliminary approval to their inclusion
yesterday.
Council members voted four to three in favor of the measure adding Gays and lesbians
during a preliminary vote Monday night after an eight hour public hearing that occludes
75 speakers if approved during a final vote December 2.
The measure would add sexual orientation to blister classes already protected by the city
including race, national origin, religion, gender, disability, age and marital status.
Employers would be prohibited from denying jobs landlords would be allowed to turn away
renters and public accommodations wouldn't be able to deny service because of a person's
sexual orientation.
Businesses with fewer than six employees landlords would less than four units.
Churches, religious groups and proper clubs would be exempt.
The choice you make today is a choice between protecting Gays from discrimination or protecting
those who would discriminate against them said councilwoman Patty Sheen who was openly gay.
Mayor Glenda Hood voted against the measure saying the city already was accepting of Gays
and lesbians.
He said they're already accepted in the hood.
This is a city that does respect diverse life styles and it's a city that does accept
different definitions of family hoods.
I'll tell you one thing if all the people in Disney World vote past no context, you know.
Yeah.
Let's get Nikki on the phone.
5.670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line on a great Wednesday.
I'm starting to calm down a little bit now.
Damn it.
See, like I said, I'm pissed off and fired all right there.
See, we thought that the guy got it, that we were moving like the thing about the way
I dress and I'm sloppy and I wore a camel with a wrinkled shirt every day in the same
stuff for seven months.
And then we had the thing with a ginger Rogers and Hagridorn.
And we thought, okay, this is fine.
Call me whatever the hell you want.
Let's have a little give and take a little back and forth and understand it's a radio show.
But it always seems to come back to this business of there's a point to be proven here that
on the guys of stick, he's arrested.
Now let me ask you this.
If we had any complaints today and two hours about any of the stuff that we play.
No, who from where?
From who?
I'm talking about from our audience from people who voluntarily without a gun to their head,
voluntarily listen to this program.
I'm not talking about outsiders who are Ojohn Provacatura who are just trying to stir
up a bunch of crap who don't even listen to the show.
I'm not talking about them.
I'm not talking about people like Dennis who desperately need mental help.
I'm not talking about him.
No complaints.
I even made play the couple of things specifically just to see if anybody was pissed off and fired
up and the answer was no.
No, they couldn't give her.
They get it.
They understand it.
So you can come on to your every morning the rest of your life, Mo.
I'll belong you on his radio station and continued screaming the same sad song about
this guy as the racist and this guy's an evil guy and a hurricane's this and bap bap bap bap.
Your small potatoes, Mo.
That's one thing we discovered this morning for sure.
You are small potatoes.
Here's a lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Hey, I have a couple things to say.
First of all, I want to thank you for sharing your life with all of us listeners.
My mom has to go for a colonoscopy.
So this is how long I've been listening to you.
Brown.
I know.
It's a couple years.
And back when you didn't know what was going on, you had all that IBS and yet again all
that.
You're in a good life.
And I know.
See, and you hear your life with us.
You open up an immediate mo.
Excuse me.
Has to come in bad mouth you and here's what happened.
I said, mom, I think.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I don't hear if he badmouts me.
He could badmout me all he wants.
Wait, no.
But don't try to paint me as being some kind of a bigoted like this show doesn't belong
on here and try to stir up stuff that's bad for the radio station.
It's bad for business.
Anybody who would have threatened somebody with a bullet over the air would have gotten
food right away would have gotten escorted to jail.
I mean, please, that was unheard of.
Okay, number two.
Look, I had a great conversation with my mom because of you, Neil, whether you are doing
it for the money or if you say you get nothing out of it, just let you know my mom is 80
years old.
She was going to have to go through an invasive operation or however you do that, I'd be
a surre.
You know how you had to go through all that?
Back up.
Because of you, I said, mom, ask your doctor about the new procedure.
I heard it on the AM station and I had to explain to a Catholic 80-year-old woman that
I listened to you, Neil.
Oh, wait.
Anne, why didn't you put on your survey today?
Men, because I think that men advance far more than anybody in this world.
And no, I'm not a mean woman.
I don't understand that.
Men are not discriminated against, at least not white men.
So that's why they advance a lot more than anybody else?
No, but that wasn't the point of the poll.
The poll was people who had been oppressed up until, see what I'm saying, that was the
point of the poll.
Well, how can they oppress people advance?
Ain't easy.
Okay.
And closing.
The reason why that woman are allowed at the golf tournament is because of the men see
big tests, so Mr. Shat.
I love you, Neil.
Have a great day.
Woo!
5.6705, 60-pound 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
That was great.
And maybe she's got a point.
You know what I'm saying?
It happens at Treasurer Island all the time.
Here's Tamarack.
Hello.
That was a great crawl, Neil.
That was outstanding.
Could we get back to that?
It's out.
The dolphins and Chris Carter.
Yeah, right.
Stuff that really matters.
Yeah, Chris and Aronde.
Exactly.
Here's North Lauderdale.
Wait a minute, I'm on a wrong line.
Like I said, here's nobody.
Is there anybody on here?
Hello.
Yes.
Oh, I'm the one you're doing.
Good.
I have a question.
Oh, I just want to go on, Paul.
You know mine, the movie.
Okay.
Is the Godfather's part two should have been part one?
I'm kind of confused over the part two.
The part two is you're better off to get the whole saga
and watch it chronologically because Godfather II goes back
before when he was growing up in Sicily, you know?
So, so Vito is the Godfather.
Right.
Oh, okay, then.
Thank you.
Man, I realize he don't look like him, but the Robert De Niro
becomes a Maryland Brando.
I know it's a stretch.
Ain't it a stretch?
A little bit, but he don't look too much like Maryland Brando.
And he don't speak with cotton in his purse.
But other than that, they look exactly the same.
Let's play it when you get old.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, five, 60.
He was so good in that.
I don't care what anybody says.
And I still don't think they had to put cotton in his mouth.
He talks like that anyway.
Yeah.
We've been reasoned together.
Anyway, well, they're now how the hell can you tell?
He must weigh what?
Eighth on our hands now.
He's an eye mark.
Four Marlon were counting the days.
He's on the death watch.
Marlon Brando, him and Dom Deloys.
Who have a lot more in common than you might think.
Here's four-letter, Dale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
Two questions.
Number one, you're obviously you've got a tremendous radio show.
What is your opinion of the following?
Dr. Laura's show, Joe and Mack, Randy Rhodes, and...
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Let's slow down.
What's my opinion of the following based on what?
Dr. Laura is a...
Dr. Laura, well, first of all, she's not a contemporary.
She's just an evil bitch.
You saw how long the TV show lasted about five minutes.
Right.
She's just an evil, hateful, right-wing bitch.
And don't belong on the air.
Now, who are the other ones?
Joe and Mack, Randy Rhodes.
Joe and Mack.
Yeah.
Joe and Mark, I'm sorry.
You mean, Joe and Mark overnight?
I don't hear their show.
Really?
Okay.
I hope I'm there to do one.
Now, Randy is...
Wow, wow!
To me, she's lost it.
She's just lost it.
She's become a political maven, and she's a political expert.
I'm going to change the world.
And I started doing that for a few months, and I decided, hey, it ain't going to happen.
And Phil.
Phil's great.
Phil's unique.
And what was the last great movie you saw that really touched your bones?
Did it touch my bone?
Yeah.
I mean, your emotions, really?
Let me think about it, okay?
Get that other call.
It could be Edmund Mann.
Get the other call.
Let me think about that.
What was the last great movie I saw?
That one with Chuck Devolta.
No, that wasn't a great movie.
It was pretty good movie.
What was it called?
Yeah, I don't know.
And how come I hear this echo now?
Is that on that phone line?
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
What just happened with the phones?
I have no idea.
Everybody dropped out at once.
No, no.
They didn't drop out at once, so Carlos, I know you're a new kid on a block, but they didn't just drop out at the back.
I'll be right back.
That's what I meant.
Oh, brother.
Here we go again.
More QAM incompetence.
All right, there's nothing we have to deal with.
It's not on this end, folks.
Everything.
See, that's the thing that amazes me.
It's in the Maze the Audience because they've heard me bitch about it for so many years.
But here I am sitting in Toronto.
I have this nice little studio they build up.
Here it's everything you could want and then some.
It's almost perfect.
And every time we have a technical screw up, is it on this end?
No.
No.
Everything's working here just fine.
Oh, every single time it's on that end.
No evil gremlins in the other studio doing anything with the phone, by the way.
But no, it's just a brain fart.
Or more likely.
Didn't I tell you on that one call it sounded like our old, the Bell South business again?
That's what it sounded like to me.
Nobody will ever, not that I'm paranoid you understand.
But nobody will ever convince me that we don't have people at the phone company that dick with our phone lines.
Nobody will ever convince me that.
Now you've been doing a show like, you know, the Philans in the Summers for three years.
Now what do you think?
I think Bell South hates us.
Yeah, I would say so.
Hey, by the way, if you're listening, Spiro can't more on you.
Okay, you're not fooling anybody.
Spurious can't and whatever how your name is.
What's his name?
Species can't and my internet home is still screwed up.
Yeah, and his internet at home is still all screwed up thanks to Bell South.
Okay, Spiro, A news, whatever your name is.
You got to go back to channel six or four, whatever you were on.
You know, also all these guys, they come out of us being flunky reporters at some TV station.
And then they become like, you know, spokesman for the police.
Or how about like our good buddy there?
One man to get out.
How about him?
The parent on mayor ping a Pican you shoulder.
Brother.
What a what a bitter disappointment he turned out to be, huh?
But you know what if he's making a few bucks more power to him?
Don't you think?
Yeah, more power to him.
Now come on, stop being such a hard ass, will you?
It's all about the money.
Just give me the money.
Look at this, look at this, they can place where and you just got that big fat new contract.
What are you looking about?
I don't know.
Didn't it didn't come through yet?
No.
Well, call up Norma.
Maybe she's taking an attempt to break from her Fag magazine over there.
And for writing with her boyfriend or this, that silly show on Sunday mornings, that Fag radio show.
Maybe she's taking a little break from that between fantasy baseball.
Like I said, boy, that kind of called about Saul Fustia that they brought tears to my eyes.
I could have been a contender.
I could have been on a year eight million radio stations.
I could have been making millions and millions and millions and millions and trillions of dollars.
I could have been like a real force, a real major mover and shaker and quaker.
Instead of a bumble.
Instead of just a piece of crap.
I'm WQA M in Miami, with a bunch of management people running around.
Who can't even control that silly old man with a bad hair piece in the colostomy bag.
That's the thing that really frusts my ass.
They can't get control.
Just when you think they got control, everything bust loose.
That bag flopped wide open and you got crap all over the place.
Like this morning.
Three hours, or at least when I heard of it an hour and a half and I'm sure it was a lot more than that.
How long did that go on, Carlos, when you got there?
I'm sorry to that again.
He was on the floor.
The conversation about that very major story about the radio station in Portland, Oregon.
Was that still going on by the time you got to work?
Well, they mentioned it like one more time.
Yeah.
But mostly it was the Augusta thing.
So in some other words, we had at least an hour and a half, maybe two hours, about a story that was about as big as your public here.
Just approve the point.
Just to keep the pot boiling about this racist nasty miserable son of a bitch that's doing mid-days here on QAM.
And like I said, get that check in the mail.
11, 13 and 5, 60 WQM.
There's never been a better time than right this moment as I'm speaking to buy you a new home or refinance you're resisting home.
How about this? How about a rate of 3.95 percent?
Sounds good to me.
Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95 percent.
And all you have to do is make one easy phone call.
Call financial group 3.
The money you're going to save is absolutely...
That's what it is.
You get $100,000 loan pay only $450 a month.
Get yourself a $200,000 loan and pay only $950 a month.
The process is simple and you're going to save yourself a crapload of cash every year.
So call our good buddies at financial group at 1-800-940-Lend.
And after you talk to them, I'm sure you'll say, hey, I guess that's a great idea.
There's never been a better time to get you a low interest rate than right now.
So call financial group and you'll be on your way to save a crapload of money
like I just said only moments ago.
Financial group is an equal housing litter.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to the change.
So call them now.
Tool free 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
That's 1-800-940-53-63.
My name is Michael.
This is 4-3-0560.
You weigh it, you weigh it.
The fact in the chart.
Ladies and gentlemen,
if I could offer only one tip for the future,
act strange and people will leave you alone.
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience.
Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst.
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crispsies and singing feelings
while the kernels go snuck crackling up.
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much.
Lick a stranger.
Tell him you're from Bosnia and you're a country to sign a respect.
Take lots of pills.
One of them might work.
Occasionally ask the stranger that heard anything from Lewis.
Be annoying.
During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk.
Mone a funeral.
Play Go Fetch with a senai dog while he's working.
Run naked through a mall yelling, kill a bees, kill a bees.
Say the word titty without smiling.
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies.
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it.
This appear for great lengths of time.
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog's still eating your homework.
Ask Mark McGuire, he'll take a million dollars for one of his bones.
Try to find the secret to Caratop success.
Understand your conception was an accident.
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Take a bobcustis and toss them on the long next door.
Go on a car trip with bobcustis and force them to stay in his car seat.
Try to dribble bobcustis.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness.
Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really pissed them off.
Wish no ill willed anyone, unless you don't like them, then screw their on their own.
Realize anyone who says they're completely happy are completely full of crap.
Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that.
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them.
Sniff an old lady.
Imagine Gomer Pyle in a gay bar trying to get lucky.
Do this without laughing.
Find what's left of your innocence. Understand it.
Embraice it.
Detect it.
And it is so often take it out for a nice nash.
Caron of not to care.
Humbh while you eat.
That's strange and people will leave you alone.
Let me play one at 560.
By request from chronic Teddy.
Oh man, is he a chronic fencer or what?
What?
5607.0560.
Why don't you hear that?
Maybe if I'll play a little restrain his taxes for a day or two, he's okay.
He means well.
He just says no life.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Bell South.
Hey, Choo.
No kidding.
Well, I'll sit down holding everything just disappears.
But as you said, someone's tinkering with your lines.
They're dicking with it.
Yeah.
Let me ask you a question.
Is Mo Howard David?
Is he white or is he black?
White hawk on snow.
Oh, because all the billboards around town, I just haven't quite seen this picture yet.
Yeah.
One other question here.
I'm getting married to a Jewish girl.
And I wanted to teach me a couple of those famous Jewish words.
Such as.
Oh, yeah.
5607.0560.
Pound 560 on a 18th.
See.
And for eyes and wireless line.
Oh man.
Have these people got the good crap today or what?
You know something, Neil?
You made a good move getting those calls back.
I keep a little Tommy jikker.
May write about that someday, but I doubt it.
Sorry, I was sucking your ass about that all those months.
Oh, brother.
I mean, these calls today, especially, I have all days when you think that maybe somebody
might bring something to the table.
I'm the day when all this fur is flying.
All this crap is going on.
And it's the same old crap.
Because like I've told you before, anything that I'm talking about.
Now, yesterday we did have the only thing that got him going was that Augusta thing.
All those macho men calling in.
And now that I think about it, we did mention Mo and regard of that.
I mentioned a couple of times the fact that, but not just him.
I didn't just single him out.
All the sports nerds on this radio station.
Oh, and you know, those painted ass women and all these militant women's groups.
It's got nothing to do with militant or not.
And it's got nothing to do with whether they got more important things to be working on or not.
It has to do with discrimination.
And it has to do with a place that's blatantly discriminatory being promoted by a major news network.
But the New York Times is right.
If Tiger Woods just said, I believe women should be admitted and go a step further and say,
unless they have one woman member by April, I'm not playing next year.
That's all you have to say by, by known, they'd sign up a woman today.
They have a member by noon.
You can bet your life on it.
Who did be, who did be Kiss and Aras?
He'd be Kiss and Arhooters.
And probably liking it too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the only AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's Hylia. Hello.
How do we know that every time it's his Hylia?
Every time.
Here's Kindle. Hello.
He goes out of control again.
Back again.
He can bring her to get past.
By the way, I see 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the only AT&T.
Everybody likes you a lot.
That's the important thing.
Here's Miami. Hello.
You know what the problem with those woman golfers is that they're all ugly looking,
and dyke looking.
If there were hot chicks and thongs or something, they would be admitted immediately.
They'd be welcome with open arms and legs.
Yeah, you've seen any of those women playing golf, man, they're ugly as hell.
Thanks.
Yeah.
This is a bit you were playing before to open the show with Mow.
Man, that was outstanding.
I can't need to hear that again today, man.
Sometimes.
Which one?
We haven't had it.
Which one?
The one you opened the show with.
I hadn't heard that one before.
Oh, the bomb.
Dropping the bomb.
Yeah. That one was good.
Okay, you got it.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah.
Day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the only AT&T will include that in our middly
between noon and one of a whole bunch of wonderful stuff we're going to be playing.
Huh?
Like I said, no more chances.
Okay, we gave you a 700 chances.
At least I did anyway.
I can't speak for anybody else.
I gave you all the chances in where I'm sure far too many.
Far too many.
Ease back.
Give the guy a little bit of space.
Oh, he understands it now.
He's playing with the thing.
You'd done sloppy dresser.
Have a little bit of fun.
Great.
But the comeback is always the same thing.
Always the same thing.
This man is obsessed with proving to the world, including everybody in their brother who don't even listen to this show or this radio station that we got a guy in a midday who's a racist and that you have M.O.
To be pissed off in the dolphins next day ought to be pissed off and a hurricane's out of a pissed off and who else and the panthers ought to be pissed off.
That's just what they need is get the Panthers pissed off.
Okay, we'll let him out the frogs.
And how about Pompidopark and they should be pissed off.
And Reverend Jones, he should be pissed off too.
He should be so upset he should turn at Dan baseball cap around just ask backward.
Although Dick Feinversetty already did.
26th after 11 at 5.60.
Just mark the day down in your calendar.
November 20th, 2002.
The day that the crap.
We draw the line.
Okay, just wait till we drop the bomb.
You'll be smellin' it for six months.
Okay?
We're gonna get fat boy, Josh Friedman, fat rich and engineering Julio.
We're gonna drop on a bomb a grande right outside that studio by quarter to six tomorrow morning.
Just wait.
You ain't smelled nothin' yet.
Speaking of a mess, how about dry concept?
So they like to come to your home and clean up even the worst look at mess in the world, especially on your flow.
If your carpets are lookin' nasty, maybe they don't even smell so good.
Well, guess what?
Better get with it because it's already November 20th.
The holidays are coming, which means people are gonna be coming to inspect your home.
That's right.
They're not just coming to hang out with you and eat your meals and stuff like that.
They're gonna be lookin' around because anytime guests, especially relatives, come in, they check everything up.
Inside and out, upside and down.
And if you want your carpets lookin' and smelling just like brand new, dry concepts to do it for you.
Check out their website, dryconcepts.com, and read about how they do it.
It's an exclusive pendant to dry cleaning method whereby they suck out even the deep-down dirt in the fibers of your carpets,
which leads them lookin' and smelling just like brand new.
In fact, they smell a mini fresh one they get done with a job, and just a couple of hours they're dry and you're ready to rock and roll again.
And they also do an unbeatable job of cleaning your furniture and drapery of spot-dying, of fiber protection, carpet repairs,
implant or an orat service like you've never heard of before in your life, the authorization and if you have a flood-complete water-diameter restoration too.
Nobody does it better at a fairer price than you can be sure it's gonna be a fairer price because they give you a written guaranteed price before they even start doing the work.
Tell them that old Neal tor did it call, they'll understand because I've been using them in my home for over 20 years.
Dry concepts, column toll free, 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
Clean today, entertain tonight.
Not just their slogan, it's their business at dry concept.
My life and love, this is 43560.
You're way too way.
Don't you go back to Canada, you two bastards.
It was a night before Christmas at the soprano house.
Not a creature was throwing, not one friggin' mouse.
The kids were nestled, all snuggin' at beds.
Sleeve like big pussy, who I shot in the head.
Went out in the driveway, there were all such a clatter.
A corp-furiore, I'm see what the hell was matter.
He arrived with his guns out, ready to shoot.
When he saw some fat bastard in a furry-wet suit.
Whatever he was drinking, I made a must-have in 90 proof.
Hey, not for nothing, but he was climbing all over my roof.
I figured this guy must be working for the feds.
So I caught on my cruel to come whack this guy dead.
Hey, Christopher, hey, Paulie, hey, calm, man, hey, Ralphie.
Yo, Bobby, you'll see real, yo, Pito, yo, Betsy.
Get over here and shove this guy's head through the wall.
And whack away, whack away, whack away, all.
He was coming out of chimney.
He was about to do this, fella, when I heard something.
Holy crap, it's calm, Mella.
I said, go back to bed.
What are you about to done this guy, only Nick?
Then I got to go look at him.
It was all round, Ralphie.
She ain't got to believe this when I tell Dr. Ralphie.
We just get ready to break Paulie's knees.
I looked in his bag, was this a pleasant for me?
So I pulled off the wrapping.
I said, hey, this is cool.
It's just what I wanted. I'm a bug-o.
And I just give the game, but I thought-
What is that?
Somebody go back.
Hello.
I thought I heard one little glitch on here earlier, but now...
What a bitch. It's a technical glitch.
And when you got it, it got to be the disc, was it ever put on?
No, there's no food on it.
It's brand new.
It just arrived yesterday as a matter of fact, Mr.
It's brand new, and it must be defective.
And that's a shame, because I like that cut.
That was funny. I was enjoying it.
Well, we'll try it again, maybe a little later on.
Or maybe not.
Or maybe you off the ear, I'll try it.
Let's see, here's the fact that this is the more I think about it,
the more it seems the lady from Bokeh has a point.
There's absolutely nothing that Mokeh knew to hurt you emotionally,
because you let it all hang out.
I can't think of one other person who has the balls to admit that they're an old fat,
balding, ugly, Jew-fag, not to mention to meaning it to tens of thousands of people over the ear.
Mokeh can't poke fun at you because you've been poking fun at yourself for years
to the amusement of a soul.
The fact that he gets his panties in a lot from your so-called stick
is simply resulted in his own childish insecurities.
Maybe you see, if he paid more attention to growing up,
unless defeating his own insatiably out of control, ego,
he might just finally understand the satirical comedy of your show contains.
Then again, I don't believe there's a cure for hopeless sports-
wholishness.
Or I like that sports wholishness.
PS Rickincod's update.
There is no Rickincod's update.
They're sitting on the beach.
They could be doing a hell of a show.
I guarantee I don't want to say on what station of what time.
But they could be doing a hell of a show of Rickincod's.
Grammy winning R&B singer, D'Angelo, had to be subdued with pepper spray
after he resisted arrest on Mr. Meener charges
of aggressive driving another counts police said in Richmond, Virginia.
Good.
Chesterfield, Poli, said they went to D'Angelo's suburban Richmond home after a confrontation
he reported they had with a woman at a gas station on Sunday.
The singer whose real name is Michael Eugene Archer allegedly cursed at the woman
and spit on her after he cut off.
He cut her off in his sport utility vehicle, Poli, said.
Yeah.
Oh, I just like it a short one.
Oh, the angel allegedly resisted police as they tried to arrest the Monday
had to be subdued with a spray with pepper spray.
Major James B. Bork said no relation to Ray Bork.
By the way, how about those maple leaves beating the bronze last night?
That's our win for this month.
The 28 year old singer was released on his own regardless of his pending
at January 15th in Chesterfield's annual court.
He's also charged with assault.
Curse and abuse.
What is that?
Curse and abuse.
This early contact and resisting arrest all Mr. Meener's Bork said.
Two years ago, the angel received a Grammy for Best Mail R&B Vocal Performance
for Untitled.
How does it feel in the album Voodoo, which also won a Grammy for Best R&B album?
How do you like that?
I like it.
For the angel, I had a little bit of a phrase that he used the taser.
Here's the lady in Hollywood. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil. How are you today?
I'm doing fine.
I'm sick today. I have this stomach flu.
So I won't be long.
But I don't think women should be allowed into the...
I mean, I'm a woman golfer.
I'm not a weird-looking, daik or anything.
But it's a big deal.
Women have a golf club up in Toronto that they don't allow men in.
I mean, what's a big deal?
They have a club that they don't allow men in?
Yeah, and it's a nice club.
Yeah.
Is it televised by the CBC?
They're a tournament?
I don't actually know.
See, that's the issue.
That's what it's all about, whether the network's...
Whether it's sponsored or not to be subsidizing.
And whether the network's all to be, you know, endorsing tournaments that discriminate against anybody.
Yeah, I don't know.
I just think what's the big deal, you know?
Everybody has a lot of other more important stuff to worry about.
Well, okay. Have a great day. I hope you feel better.
You too, thanks.
There's more important stuff to worry about.
That's right, Rosa.
Still wherever you want on a bus.
In fact, go back in the back.
We don't like that.
I'm not buying that.
There certainly are more important things.
Just like when the elder got forced his way in there in 75,
sure there were more important things back then too.
Especially 27 years ago, can you imagine?
75 civil rights movement had just barely started a few years before that.
Civil rights act wasn't passed until 64.
So it would have been very easy to say to the elder,
hey, there's a lot more important things for you to be worried about than crashing your way there into the Masters.
You Negro's got your own clubs, don't you?
And matter of fact, look what they're showing on CNN right now.
They're showing this tennis tournament with the William Sisters.
Yes.
Now, I suppose somebody over there, a Wimbledon said one of those blue-nose brits said,
well, we don't want to let no dark folks in here.
Huh?
Any darkies, any of your sharts as play a tennis.
I don't think anybody sits still for a moment.
It certainly wouldn't be on television anywhere.
It wouldn't be on the BBC.
It wouldn't be on the CBC.
It wouldn't be on the CBS or NBC or anybody else.
That's the point.
Got it?
Got it.
And let me also ask you what the hell's such a big deal about golf anyway?
Good, Gully.
One of these people are going to grow up already.
Oh, but you don't understand.
It's the longest continuing running tournament in the same place.
Big deal.
5, 6, 7, all these macho men who listen to QA and all these sports,
they know nothing about hockey, which is a real sport for real men.
A great sport.
They know nothing about it.
Too stupid lazy to learn about it.
But golf, they know.
Boy, what does that tell you about South Florida?
Miami Springs, hello.
Yeah, there are major health clubs that advertise on national television
that don't allow men in the health clubs.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What does that mean?
That means that I should be allowed in those clubs.
Okay.
And next time we see in the T-Rum 2,
get out of the ladies room and get back in the men's room.
Okay, where you belong.
See all the twisted arguments, the twisted tortured illogic that people would use
to make the, to justify their bigotry.
And again, look at where we're talking about.
Look at who we're talking about.
Hoody Johnson and a bunch of Blu-no-Southern Rednecks.
That's what we're talking about.
Good old boys.
We're not gonna let no bitch in here.
I, over my dead body.
You hear?
We'll float them all the way down to entry.
For half to.
I'd like to know where entry is like geographically as Dr. Dupont Augusta.
I'll work on it.
Work on it, Carlos.
Get the old Georgia map out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Line.
Here's coconut creek.
Hello.
Ready?
Yes, sir.
Neil?
We really hear you.
You hear me?
I hear you just like you're a hundred and a half.
Okay, there you go when you're speaking.
I've got my head to speak about it.
Don't do that.
I'm still laughing all the time.
You have a wonderful show.
I don't care what these idiots say when they call them.
Exactly.
But a couple items.
That last fact that you read, that wasn't too terribly bad.
There's something on this there.
But anyway, so you did see this thing about Michael Jackson.
I was hanging this little band.
Yeah, we talked about that, sir.
Yeah, I know you talked about.
But I mean, that's his way of changing the child's dog brush.
I suppose it was on his fans, perhaps.
Anyway, so it's the next subject.
Please.
I never find out.
I'm sorry.
Please.
Please.
Please.
Do you know who?
Sometimes up 20.
He said we had a problem with time, didn't he?
And just as I was starting to lean so far off to the right,
my chair was going to fall down.
I figured I'd better sit back over it again and take the break.
20 till noon at 5.60 WQM is the assimilating calls are back.
Yeah, let's hear it.
The calls are back.
God dang it.
What at noon to 1 hour is going to be really special today, you know what?
Just like that corn in Aintree.
Sure is going to be special.
Hey, I'll tell you, speaking of corn, I'll tell you a place where you find you know what they have at the Emble Coast?
They have those baby corns.
You know what I'm talking about?
They're yummy.
I love those little baby corns in many of the Oriental Delights there.
The Emble Coast Chinese buffet.
You want a place to pick out.
This is it.
Three locations for you.
They're in sunrise, North by me beach, and the newest one in Pemberg Pines.
Six different delicious soups like watin, watin, and the egg flower, egg drop, and hot and sour and lots of others.
And dozens and dozens of great on-preys, not just Oriental Delights, but all kinds of other good stuff too.
Including Oriental Surf and Turf on the Weekends.
The York Strip Stake made to your order at the gourmet center.
That's a sizzling Asian grill featuring teriyaki steak, shrimp, chicken seafood, hand-carb premium.
Like I said, cook to your order.
And the Emble Coast buffet always promotes healthy living and cooking because they don't use any cholesterol or oils.
You know what I'm talking about those fatty oils?
Yes, isn't it?
None of that.
They don't use any MSG.
No cornstarch, no crap.
And the buffet feature is a full salad bar, a new sushi bar, first room cocktail, and if you have any room left in a meal at the end, a gigantic dessert bar with pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings.
And first truth, they even be having watermelon, be sure and spit out the seeds.
It's an unforgettable feast at the Emble Coast.
They're in sunrise, pineapple at 44th Street, on Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd in North by me beach.
And at the intersection of flamingo and pebbroke roads and pebbroke pies.
Emble Coast, except for reservations, take out and delivery available as well, call 954-5723822.
That's 954-5723822 and look for the new Oriental Chicken Salad too, as part of that gigantic Emble Coast humongous buffet.
Find the local business, he's five cities, the radio's on your side.
Q&A
My god, your breasts are beautiful.
Who a little can of steak, my can of steak, light a new and every night, my dog will use a carrying honna cut.
Honna cut, it's the festival of lights, my gaurah.
They're not gonna quit, do the lids, it is funded by your appallic, celebrate, and it's gonna took all your time.
My mama, my mama, my gaurah.
Spin the little turtle here, the time is near, time to show up all your lights, my gaurah.
Man, I keep the Christmas trees, you will see, they're not even half as bright as my gaurah.
Oh, hoi.
Do the lids, it is funded by your appallic, celebrate, and it's gonna took all your time.
My mama, my mama, my gaurah.
My mama, my mama, my gaurah.
Teach him a couple of English words, he was good.
Gorn is helping.
1146, there's two for AFMAT, little spec, 1146 at 560 WQM, get our big noon to one comedy, but our it's Wednesday at Tump Day, man.
Then we got the mad dog at one, hand could three with four full unencumbered hours, just the way we like him, without those stupid asshole guests in there.
God, a shicko panther preview at seven, the panthers and the islanders from the sunrise, office, depot, macarena, what else it is?
730, 80k from GA after the hockey game in Joemark overnight.
That guy that was calling me asking me about all these different, what was that all about?
That was fun to stay awake.
Are you sure I'm positive?
Here's a call from a homestead, hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Great.
Hey, real quick question for you.
I know you still smoke cigars, right?
No, no, I do not.
You don't anymore?
No, they're returning my guts up.
All right, well, have you ever heard of that brand that's called the acid, curious, is it the acid cigar?
No.
Well, is that an asshole cigar?
No, no, no, acid. Well, they have those two, but acid.
What?
A C I D.
Flastened cigar?
Acid.
A S S.
A C I D.
Yeah?
Well, there was a brand out there called the acid cigars.
I thought that was...
What's the deal with them? What are they all about?
Well, the oil would like different herbs and oil would stop interacting with people like petudi oil and stuff.
Huh, so you put it up your petudi?
I guess you do.
And then the last thing is that juice is on the loose, spotted at Costco and Kendall, and he's got those corn rolls in his hair now.
Oh!
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
Woo!
I take back.
My favorite corn was that one.
Emmett, I'll Swiss.
I'm having a little piece of Swiss cheese now. Is that okay?
Sure.
What's the Swiss cheese music?
I'm re-examining my entire approach to life.
I really am.
I was going to come back down there when I come back in a couple of months.
I was going to walk into the bullpen there with my big Hawaiian shirt on that they sent me from Poppano Park, you know?
Wave to Molle and Gildi in there.
You know what I'm saying with a little like a humor in it?
There ain't no more humor, okay?
I might actually put that shirt on and come to work in it that day, and also stand in the bullpen right there at about seven o'clock in the morning and flip them both the bird.
Because that's my sentiments exactly.
The bird of paradise?
The bird of paradise.
And I'll be wearing the shirt of paradise.
I saw kind of fits in.
You know what I'm saying?
Would I create a Hawaiian music?
You were just playing.
Perfect.
Cut it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's my any, hello.
John, what?
Yeah.
Yeah, we're going to have to take care of him, Eddie.
What's his name again?
Steve McGovern of the Bexel Corporation.
Steve McGovern of the Bexel Corporation, which we're going to start posting their number on our website.
We're going to start like sending people over there to see what kind of business they really do.
Because this guy is just, you know, a little over the top.
We don't mind a little bit of frivolity, okay?
But this guy is so far beyond.
In fact, maybe we can get him in Dennis and a rubber room together because they,
we get a package deal.
Talk about two guys that need help.
Real help.
Eddie, Steve, whatever your name is this week.
Chambalaya.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's Vokia.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A little concerned about our friend Mike Keenan, he seems to be losing his mind with the referees in the AT&T show.
What's going on?
How come we don't have a old Yoke on the show and doesn't have at least an A on the jersey so they can argue with a referee without getting a penalty?
I don't know.
I'll be honest with you.
I watched very little of the Panthers.
I saw, no, I don't know.
Maybe five minutes.
I was watching the Leafs game last night.
I would say I actually won a game.
Yeah, they'd be by Bruins.
I know.
But watching the Panthers, I hate to say this because they've actually got what 19 points now.
They're in the standings.
They're better off than a lot of us thought they would be.
But keep in mind, most of their games have been against girls teams.
That's right.
Including the Leafs.
And half their games are like, you know, the problem is Yoke didn't got a penalty the other night because he's discussing a call with a referee and they gave him a sportsman in line penalty because he didn't have a C on his jersey.
Yeah.
And he gets one bench lineup because he's not supposed to be talking on the referees.
Well, I watched Columbus the other night a little bit of their game would say,
want a blowing lead against Dallas.
They got a point out of it.
But I watched Ray Whitney score their second goal the other night.
He's got the C on a uniform and I sure wish we had him back here.
You know, well, that was my second point.
If nothing else, there isn't anybody.
I don't think they can give all the Lynch on a C on a jersey.
But how about ownership should realize that maybe they need to bring back someone that was here.
They can put that on like a two barons or Whitney or they're not getting their own.
They're not getting those people back.
There was no any chance.
Well, we need somebody with a C on a jersey.
How many things about that?
Okay, good luck to us, pal.
All right.
Okay. Let's get that C out there.
That'll do it.
You think it'll do it?
No.
I don't think so.
There was a hockey call.
Oh, hockey, hockey, hockey.
That's what Bob Green said.
Look at this thing.
Wow.
You see what's from I just threw it away.
I don't know what.
Nothing.
I tried for him.
No, it's a very long.
Why?
You think I should read this?
Is it entertaining?
No, whatever.
No, it's from Jeff Heist, friend David.
Get a life.
There are so many of you people out there.
You've got to stop.
You have to stop.
I just can't handle them.
I mean, I throw like 10 a day away from him anyway.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
If the audience could see how long this fact is all typed up in small type no less.
So it's in the whole page.
There must be 80 million words on here.
And he signs it.
Jeff Heist, friend David, which is guaranteed that as soon as I see that who wrote it, I'm not going to read it.
Get a life.
You idiot.
I have no life.
You're simple to me.
You chubby chaser.
I have no life.
Jack An.
I have no life.
Get out of here.
God damn it.
I have no life.
Yeah, we know that.
Tim and Dennis, and who is the other one?
And the Eddie.
Oh, yeah.
Steve.
Steve, what's his name again?
Steve McGowan.
Steve McGowan.
And the fat Julio.
Shutting.
Oh, and the fat Julio.
Shutting.
And the fat Julio.
And the fat Julio.
And the fat Julio.
And the fat Julio.
And the fat Julio.
And the fat Julio.
And the fat Julio.
And the fat Julio.
And the fat Julio.
And the fat Julio.
And the fat Julio.
And the fat Julio.
And the fat Julio.
And the fat Julio.
And the fat Julio
And the fat Julio.
But it's not his life.
It's his life.
Okay, draw a big line at nine. That's the dividing point because we're in two. Remember that song two different worlds. Yes Roger Williams and Jane Morgan. No, you don't
Hey, Roger Williams you start to play that on cap records two different worlds. Remember that. Mm-hmm awful
I mean talking about the Slusche and syrupy. We live in two different
Andy Williams had to play all three about Andy Williams. Okay. He's minding his own business. He does that golf crap even Andy knows it's crap
Talking about golf. Oh brother. We're getting ready to bomb Iraq. They're ready to turn loose whatever to help kind of biological and chemical crap
They got and god only knows what kind of crap this this lunatic we got out there in DC is gonna turn loose and we're talking about golf
We're talking about freaking golf
And we got a bunch of bull bikes trying to bust their way into Augusta like the guy so I'm starting to turn on that you know it
If that's the if that's the worst thing they have to be worried about with all the kind of discrimination going on with these poor women
Sluppin around the rest of the world with those burkas on you know
These women getting circumcised all this Horace horrendous stuff that goes on and they're trying to bust their way in there a bunch of militant bull bikes
Now if I sufficiently been on both sides of that sure well, no, you need to be on the other side a little more. Oh I say let them in
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
Good evening
It's right on the border
Yeah, I'm going to show this one
Yes, I'm a protein was
Ali on yes, oh
How's Ali on doing it? It is happy meal today either what yeah, I love when you rip both because he deserves it
He loves it. The thing that he do on his show. My god, and what he does the mad dog
But let me ask you are you a dark-complexed person?
And you find this do you find this show offensive?
It's enlightenment throughout the course of the day. Well, thank god for you, sir
I'm gonna if I had the money I'd send you a million dollars cash in a meal
But in fact
Go ahead
Yes
Mickey Mouse did you got it?
Thank you for appreciate it and having great day and thanks for the suck job
How do you like that? There's a dark guy that likes this show see we don't have any complaints
That's the point twenty six and a half years in this market
The audience gets it even those people who might have been offended a year ago or five years ago or ten years ago now they get it
For radio show have a few laughs the world is depressing. There's all kind of crap going on every day
We got a yellow light and a orange light and a blue light and a red light
And we're trying to give the people a few laughs and we got some crap head on on legs
That's wobbling around able to this leaky colostomy bag in a bad hair piece try to like
Missing turpour what this show is all about for fun and profit in his own amusement because he's a hard-ass
And I don't understand how it's sitting on a bag like that all those years. How can you still be a hard-ass can you explain that to me?
Draw me a diaphragm
Why do you draw it? Let me tell you about Tom Lehman and my good friends at Halop Pontiac GMC
We're proud to announce the great neo-rodgers. Neal the old zero percent sale. They love us at Tom Lehman at his place
Yeah, let's just put his name on it Tom Lehman Pontiac forget about that. Halop stuff
You heard me right with the proof credit from GMAC get zero down payment and zero percent financing and all 2002 and and
2003 Pontiac and GMC models plus zero payments for 90 days or take a rebate at halop up to five grand and as always
Zero hassles at Halop Pontiac GMC and don't forget to mention you heard about it here on the world famous neo-rodgers show
And when you mention the neo-deal you'll save even more check out the complete line of great GMC gas guzzling SUVs
Including the envoy loaded by motor trend as SUV of the year in the all-new Pontiac vibe
That's got the power of a nifty sports car and they've got a humongous selection of dependable use car structure SUVs
Somebody turns you down for credit. Don't slap all over town waiting for somebody to approve you head straight for Halop
Because they'll cut you a deal right now. It's the great neo-deal zero percent sale at Halop Pontiac
13411 South Dixie highway. That's on us one right across the street from the prestigious falls
Open every day seven days a week for more information called the neo-deal hotline one triple eight five three four forty two eleven
That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven for Halop Pontiac GMC who insist on saying and we have no idea why we are
Professional grade
We're sports radio five six
You a
Call me mr. Moose and I've been visiting it to the 12-year-old one hour
Eisner mr. Mouse
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well sir, we're just scouting locations. Jesus. I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me
But sir look what you've done with New York City Times Square
Second Street
Raymond
Carole the vacuum cleaner. Remus get that blue bird out of here
Eisner but sir look what we don't admit down man had 40 second street is incredible
Publicly I supported that but you took all the point away. You're killing me. I'm going through garrison like kids
We're just scouting areas calm down. Wait for me but much don't tell me to calm down
We got lucky with we low in state to 128 million dollars now you're trying to ruin the whole network
What kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute
Remus
Blue bird crap all over your shoulder
It's playing yourself up for a head and say
And cut off the module cleaner
Good god sir the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol? Good god
You're still running James Bob movie. There's 60 years old. Why don't you just put steamboat will you? I'm gonna be done with it
Lisa. I make a couple of damn dollars
Well the movie division's fine
You mentioned we were in fiction now we have the new emnight shummel on movie coming out later this summer
What the hell does that mean stop sign yield sign you got a sex wing and some of these titles pass me
Remus
I know you can hear me
Oh
Yeah, sir. I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you?
What do you mean? I'm not done with you what bad done?
I put hands down in your job, but sir you're terrible
Sorry, baby. I put remus in there. I don't like to be president of Disney Remus
Oh
Get out of here you nut bag. I believe we're ready now, miss
You're gonna be a good guy
Congratulations, miss ejection. Here's your new baby boy. Would you prefer a paper or plastic?
Just a few years. I can't wait to get your room shall we and show you your new classifier
You're my big tree this time
What a lovely way to perpetuate my better field
I'll be British baby
You won't need a grip because I got a post to build
Oh, I want you to hold it
Oh, you can broke me
You get all you're deserving
my lovely unswirving
Until age 13
I know
Who my petri do sturdy
Come on sit on that is life
You have the game to play with you
Daddy wants you to find the magic friends
Oh, show
All right, so welcome back to the dazzling be spectacle of the mohawan and baby in a show
Where I work very very hard to provide you with intellectuals for whole amusement
This is the big thing when I drop the bomb oh boy
It's my understanding that those muddle as homers down the hall don't know who I am see they think they got me licked
Get your rights
Which boat any of them now kiss it okay
All right now where was we dropping the bomb oh yeah well actually I got two bombs you see
As I like to call them little boy and big boy just like the bomb that might out all them yipped in slopes
Those bombs think they got one over on me why I'll show them
All right, here's the poised one as it turns out you're taking the only lovingly enjoyed at this queer harem
No, is he he has an affinity to guys named George oh sure
And when he hears it now I got this from a highly trusted source
Give me some fanfare here stop it
Our midday
Faggot friend had intimate a fan with George my harvest and George later
Yeah, well that's it that's the bomb
You you're so goddamn stupid you know that yeah, are you ain't hard nothing yet
Now here's the big boy it just so happens how it's done is a very close in facing a friend of mine
Why certainly he's even got his father secure Eagle mods for me like that had a broadon fox news
They let me tell you she gave me full service I wax on the balls the wait
So what about how it bow huh how it died don't you let the call me that
haha
Anyway, I'm a favorite of me
Just this thing is having his team of correct tip writers rip that crap out of that pipe smoking down there with their own comedic
Yeah, I guess one right here. I just think I think stop it roll it near
Cheers and George
And the queer the stick and the queer the stick and the queer
Lesby is the China's
The size of balls and the
Is
The
Where
The
Size of money huh
That ought to pick there is
Listen you kiss the other bone of my ass
That's right
Is your polish and dumb past it
I will bless on my soul what's wrong with me some Marie now we gotta
Purgered up the family tree
Standing in my grave and I'm about to throw up I jigg his ass if I could get dug up
Oh, well my ladies are right that and my arms fell off
So cold in the grave I got the nasty cup
But he ain't a pops pop in my butter cup by boss
If I could get dug up
Well a break is jawing given to black eyes
He knows the swell to its original size
I bleach his skin till he's all gone
Abandoned mobile while a champ looks on soul do me a favor if you love me
Bring a back hole to the cemetery
There's a llama love and pet a pile I gotta beat up but I can't
Unless I get dug up
No one embodies the holiday spirit better than Gordon Lightfoot
Really you bet and now Gordon Lightfoot takes his best known song the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald
And gift wraps it around your favorite taros to create his new holiday album Gordon Lightfoot sings Christmas
Yes, Gordon Lightfoot is coming to town with a sleigh load of songs like this
Christmas
It's Gordon Lightfoot sings Christmas and you'll want to beat him like a drum when you hear his rendition of the little drummer boy
Gordon Lightfoot has compiled the holiday music collection
Your wish would sing to the bottom of Lake Superior
Your friends and family will pray for a silent night when you put on Gordon Lightfoot sings Christmas
I told you he's the best tonight. Yeah, that's what you said and he's Canadian and he's still alive
Gordon Lightfoot they can't get rid of him
Here's the recipe for Italian money soup from our good close friend rich pacter
Thanks a lot rich. Well, I tell you that cheese really did for me, you know, I feel so much better now. Got a little energy back
Speaking of eating Thanksgiving's coming in just a matter of days everybody flocking home to be together again
Gathered around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions
After all, it's not the turkey that makes the meal special. It's the people getting ready for the hungry guests can be a real pain in the
Yes especially if they're staying overnight
If you're having a house full for Thanksgiving
Live Donald mattress make your holiday preparations a little bit easier
Now is the time to call one eight hundred mattress and get that new mattress
In the for house guests get there if they already told you they're coming or if you don't hear from them till the night before
Donald mattress can deliver a top quality
Sealy serve as Simmons or King Crow mattress the very same day
I've been sleeping on a dollar mattress for years and I'm still alive. How do you like that?
So called out of mattress right now at toll-free
One eight hundred mattress talk turkey with a bed and consult the choose from the very best mattresses
And even better prices rest easy along with the whole gang this Thanksgiving
Knowing that everybody is sleeping comfortably. Get ready for the holidays right now by calling dial amatres toll-free
And please be sure and tell them that old Neil and pet boy totally to call not necessarily in that order
One eight hundred mattress. That's one eight hundred M-A-T-T-R-E-S for dial amatres brand-name beds same day service
Call them now and be sleeping like a baby tonight
Oh god, Neil one of those on your feet choose what else
spell it s-o-c-k-s you just said kiss my
In Cantonese. Oh, I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. Hey, what's that around your waist about spell it?
B-E-L-T you just told someone to
Off in Zulu. Oh my and that's just one of the many techniques you'll learn with the national pro-phanics language cassette program
National pro-phanics can have you cursing in Spanish French Italian German at a host of other languages in just a few weeks
So call one eight hundred
You today because the most important thing you'll need to know about other cultures is how to tell somebody off a buddy
s-o-c-k-s
You know retirement just wasn't my style, so I began working nights down here
So I'm gonna show off the spelling
Just to keep busy, I guess because I'm pays below minimum wage with
Anyway, hey, there's the big cheese now. Big how you doing tonight? Hey, we're doing well. Hey, right? I do and you have it a pretty tough knife
Yeah
You're gonna watch it and watch the game tonight. Yeah, I mean across the street free pizza beer night over there
I'm pretty tough day. I thought I just watched the game with the fellows over at the bar. Oh, yeah
Well, I'm just gonna listen to it on this old radio here to and tennis kind of shaking
I'm thinking a big screen color TV over there. It's best picture of me. Yeah, big screen color. Great picture
I heard it is. Glad you're like to be there when you know I got all my work done and oh really? You're all done? Yeah, you're supposed maybe I could well
Let's say what
I got my BMW in the garage. I got a blop hoot Nick radio and then I can pick up the you can drive anything no no
Say, well, give my car keys. Why don't you clean out my car? I got a wicked stand in the back seat
Yeah, I've got some of that I'm gonna clean it up with Simonize it. I'll be back in about two hours
And maybe I'll bring you a piece of pizza, okay dad
Well, that was a thanks a lot to hear my keys and be careful not to scratch the car now. I'll be back in about two hours two hours
Yeah, I got what I was gonna bring why you
Uncraitful you after said you were worth was
Hell you can't be my son nobody's that uncraitful you
Take your
BMW and run that mother right into the damn
Good
This message brought to you by the National Curse Foundation
Remember our motto go
Oh
And I'll leave the car to leave the different way
With your fucking yellow keys so far apart
And I'll leave the car to leave the what you be doing
Get the old ashes blacked it token spots it off
Oh
I
Love you
All
The way
My
He trusted you, God believed you
You tell our allies of the greedy oil low
But then he make you clean all the White House Basil
The cup of seed, the toilet, and then scrub the flow
They tell you, don't wear sandals, God don't leave them
Show them, keep them, they'll make them water, wretch and you
You're not a leger, but you're like it'd be very pro
But you'll be what you can be, that don't be stupid
One day while you keep sniffing past cakes, you'll make me laugh
That's a dream in you just like your esterone
That's when your head will move from side to side, from the lethal
It's a good share from it, they'll be cracked as old
Two candidates are home and need a prayer
High false and sea will knock you on your head
We've let us rise, let us fly our sides, we'll be cleansed
Our good is seen, it's a legal drug according to you
A little by all seen, God made this dream
Colorous and strange, oh, can it best see
It's a good share from it, oh, can it best see
It's a good share from it, oh, can it best see
Oh, rise, oh, like all the harbor
Don't don't don't every time I see
Don't don't don't let me tired if I'm with you
Don't don't don't call my TV
He's president of the f***er, Republican muscle is
And in our king and idiot, I don't know why
They won't want to survive, but now he's here
Here's the neck for you
With president of f***er, Republican muscle
Oh, what I did to your votes was wrong
And get to we all voted for
If you want this, don't don't don't let the drumming stupid me
Don't don't don't mind this drug in rich kid
Don't don't ease even, number them me
He's president of f***er, you don't care what it took
You got a man by hook or cross with the Christians
No one stops you and I have a handful of fear
We've got a great leader here
With president of f***er, president of f***er
President of f***er, president of f***er
Oh, what I did to your votes was wrong
Puff the magic wrapper is on my TV
No one heard of him before, or his name is Puff Daddy
I said that's Puff the magic wrapper won't be here that long
Not unless he learns to sing on the right of friggin' song
I said Puff the magic wrapper is all over MTV
Only because someone shot no glorious B.I.G. that fat guy
Maybe someone should tell him making it this way is wrong
Picking at your dead best friends, be king, blushin' ball
Snowpe doggy doggy dog on the ball track
Don't look, oh Jeff, is that you in there?
Yeah, I am Pallie, I'm makin'
That's your Greg?
Well, yes, Jeffer is always in the finest of men's wear
I hope you don't mind if I borrow the adjacent star
What are you doing in the staff's early?
Oh, I was in the area, no time to waste you know
So, what's new, high boy?
I'm fat
Yes, yes
Are we really up for sale, Greg?
To say, how about them, Dalvin?
Yeah
I guess it's true what they say
It was that
Your dude doesn't stink the lie of course
Always of the light-follow aromatic bouquet
With the freshness of morning dew
Each drop sliced with cigar cutter perfection
To the shape of a Hershey's kiss
Yeah
Yeah, you know, in that mode, this is doing a wonderful job
What do you think?
That forced Brooklynese makes them sound so...
So knowledgeable
Wouldn't you say?
Well, gotta go!
Top 25 with 560Q, here's an interesting facts
About our friend Steve, what's his name again?
Miguel, Steve McGowan from Beck's Health
As I know him, he rents high-end professional video equipment
Like video color characters and time-based characters
He's a rich-spoil asshole
The only reason this company is still in business is that
He's the only one in Miami who has the money to buy this stuff
Every other company that rents this type of equipment in a real-media center like New York and LA
These items cost
He plays them as little sandbox all day
Which is why he has time to bug you
Love the bits that says and mow blows
I do like that
I like it
So there's a little bit of insight into our good friend Steve McGowan from Beck's Tale
Who's on this show at about half a dozen different voices
I'll give him a submachinecraft
Subokabrine's here
Yeah
There's a bit I can't wait to hear
Also it's coming up right after the break
Yes
And what is it called?
Fagadoron Enginger
All right
All right
Right after the break
From 26 at 560 WQM speaking of
All right
Mad Dog at 1
Let's face you you've been here about fast-trained for a long time
What did it make sense for you?
Well the facts are very simple even simple than many of you
If you have that education fast-rained can provide you with all the necessary training
To become a certified computer professional
According to Time Magazine the demand for computer professionals is going to continue to explode
Like crazy
The average student completes the training and just for sure a month which means you can be working on a great new job
Before spring and you attend school just three nights a week
Once you complete your certification fast-rained can up your out and obtaining a new computer job
And fast-rained invites you to come in and visit our train career counselor
And determine which track is ideal for you
Is it the tabia downed?
Maybe Jackson Harness Raceway?
Maybe the Saginaw?
Call fast-trained tool free it or maybe sports creek
And 1-866 fast-trained is set up an appointment
With more convenient locations there is bound to be a fast train right nearby you
They're in Kendall Miami, Pemberpins and Fort Lauderdale
And remember to ask the career counselor for listed students just like yourself
Who are currently in their dream jobs making some serious bucks
Thanks to the training they got at fast train
Call them right now there's no obligation to get out of that dead end job
Call fast train at 866 fast-trained that's 1-866 fast-trained
Line and local down here sports video 560
She went to UA
For the angry puppy
So for the finest and online casino given call 1-800-Dead
Call Bets
Remember him?
Don't read it it it it it it it it for the fence
Yeah, just a little old
Oh, yeah
Yeah, ow
Get out there, I'm still spry
Now listen up to boy, remember that bomb I dropped from them two mouth feces toyed by glizz over there
Yeah, you sure showed them?
Show them what?
Yeah, but I ain't for with them yet see
It just so happens I got another bomb to drop
Like this?
No, not that kind of bomb you moron
This was even bigger number 4
Okay, what is it?
Well as you knew, Ginger Rogers does his show up in Canada
Yeah, but what you don't always, Ginger flies his lover that bag of the corn up there every weekend
Yeah, yeah, fuck Gays
No
Tell another thing don't put it here in the air then pull it and grab any other deep bags for years now
Boy, that's some bomb
Now you ain't throw yet, stupidity
Now I paid a great deal of money to a fellow staff member who loves and admires me
To leave Ginger's part open last weekend, you see?
What you're about to hear is that tight smoking Ginger Rogers and that train monkey bag of the dawn
Dance together in a romantic embrace
One, two, one
That sounds like a real cool album
Listen
Come on, go get your hands
I mean, go get your hands right up
I got 20 things, but get the ones
Good girl
They sure are sweet on each other aren't they?
I got my socks and socks and my clothes
Oh, ducks
The big one
It's all a problem for my wig
Dad, you know what I'm talking about?
We both stand
I got to put on
Oh, it's not just that
It's not too long and she's weird
But you know what I'm talking about?
Not so long ago
I can still remember a movie that a guy who humps a pile
All right
I knew if I had the chance
And I'd unbutt the lens, drop my pants
And maybe I thought I would give this a try
Oh, those cherries made me quiver
With every pump that I delivered
Bad news if I got caught
I didn't give it much thought
Dad walked in and I nearly died
Till he whipped it out and stood by my side
And maybe that's something they should try
In the name
American
Why?
Forell and Jim Rowe making passionate, manly love
Where are they from my mom?
What? Oh, I love it when you put your finger on my mom
So, hey, you have a smooth butt, you know that?
Oh, thank you
I love your smooth butt
Yeah, I love it
Happy, we're mom and you
We should have a house
We're in the oven, okay
That's it, help
No, he's telling me
He's the
He's the
He's the
Macho, macho, man
Oh, do I like a macho?
I'm a macho, push me
I'm a macho, push me
I'm a macho, push me
I'm a macho, push me
I'm a macho, push me
I'm a macho, push me
I'm a macho, push me
I'm a macho, push me
I'm a macho, push me
I'm a macho
There was an old farmer who lived on a rock
He sat in the middle just shaking
His fists at some boys who were down by the prick
They're feeding the water
Their hands on their marbles
And play things and add half-ass more
Their came a young lady
She looked like a pretty young creature
She sat on the grass
She pulled up her dress
And she showed them her ruffles
And laces and white fluffy duck
She said she was learning a new way
To bring up her children
So they would not spin
While the boys in the barnyard
Were shoveling rep you sin-litter
From yesterday's time
While the girl in the middle
Was rubbing her eyes at the pillow
Down by the dock
It looked like a man with a size of a home
In the country with a big fence out front
If he asked her, but likely she'd show him her little betdog
Who was subject to fence
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands
With a movement so quick
And then she'd bend over
And suck down his candy
So tasty made up butter-scotch
And then he spread wood cream all over her cookies
That she had left out on her shelf
If you think this is dirty
You can go f*** yourself
He started out a regular guy
Who joined the rectory
And made the ultimate sacrifice
And bracing celebrity
Fatherless tool
Amen
Fun, honing food
Right drum-bunk
Fatherless tool
Fatherless day
As time went by his earthly means
Compromise his choice
It found the way to get released by altering
Young boys by the road to
Amen
Fun, honing food
Bunk, bunk, bunk
Fatherless tool
Altering boys and kids
It was happy to get till he got caught
By some title sale
Then the Vatican paid
Everyone off
And he didn't have to go to jail
Fatherless tool
Amen
Fun, honing food
Uh, bunk, bunk, bunk
Altering boys and kids
They sent him to a priest retreat
Where they genu-flect and pray
If it was you
Or if it was me
They'd lock us up and throw the keys away
Fatherless tool
Amen
Fun, honing food
Uh, bunk, bunk, bunk
Fatherless tool
Altering boys and kids
Fatherless tool
Amen
Fun, honing food
Uh, bunk, bunk, bunk
Fatherless tool
Amen
Boy this hour is doing it for me
I'll tell you I'm getting like a modestly firm
22 to 1 at 5, 60 WQA
And here we all have different products
Be it that thick, be it in the pink or good health
And all you med Mediterranean formulas
Can help us about everybody
Because these are advanced combinations
A pharmaceutical great olive oil combined with good stuff
Vitamins, minerals, herbals, other nutrients
Scientifically decided to provide natural nutrition solutions
To help you support specific health needs
Look for all you meds, three new formulas
They have one to help you sleep
One to help you control your weight and co-Q10
All using the benefits of the purist, the finest olive oil on the face of the globe
Oleumet is a great new product if you'd like to pick some up
You can do it right now just head off to your nearest publics records or Walgreens
Or if you want to get more information before you buy call Oleumet tool free
And 1-866-Oliomet
That's 1-866-6536-3633
You can also order their products online if you like
at oliomedamerica.com
And if you visit nearest publics and buy an Oleumet product and date are brown
You can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coker bottle head doll
While supplies last
Don't forget to visit their sampling provision at sportsdown
Every Sunday when the dolphins are playing home games
Pick up free oliomed samples and product information
And for good health start popping some oliomed in your purse real soon
That's my life and love
This is for free ol' Phi City
You way, you way
Yeah
Were you fudge back in?
The pub's stovestow
The pub's stovestow
The guy's even the grass
The pub's stovestow
He likes his stokin mask
The pub's stovestow
He's a goodbie head doll
The pub's stovestow
The pub's stovestow
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
The guy's higher miscalculating higher fat
Pumps in one get thrown on bread
Jesus freaks out back
Jesus Christ is super happy never shut up
Pumps in one get thrown on bread
Precinct church and truck
The pub's stovestow
Can't even regret
The pub's stovestow
He likes his stokin mask
The pub's stovestow
He's a goodbie head doll
The pub's stovestow
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
He's a goodbie
He's a goodbie
He's a goodbie
The pub's stovestow
Nice and scout in joint set
Token cousin glad a joke
A fore-air prudent folk
Bustin Church and dealer took of now
I want to smoke
The pub's stovestow
Oh yeah
Gary gave him the grass
The pub's stovestow
He likes his stokin mask
The pub's stovestow
He likes his piggy mask
The pub's stovestow
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
The Pope is getting higher
The Pope is getting higher
The Pope is getting higher
The Pope is getting higher
The Pope's stoned can't even be grand
The Pope's stoned, he makes his spoken ass
The Pope's stoned, he makes his spoken ass
The Pope's stoned, the Pope's stoned
The Pope's stoned, the Pope's stoned
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
Hey, it good, good, good, good
And that's why I think the general have a chip-beam ship season.
And where did I tell you?
You don't talk, do I say you can talk?
This is the beast!
I said shut up!
That's all!
But you're like a father to me!
You don't talk, Talam, Don't talk.
When I'm done talking, then you talk!
Okay, I'll...
I beast!
Come here!
What?
Come here!
I want you to let me be the friend of my...
Mr. Gobclum!
Hmm!
Why are you...
Hmm!
I'm gonna show you the business-infinite state!
Come here!
Hmm!
This court sentences you to twenty years in ours!
Would you invoke?
I adore the tag of my mattresses.
Looks like we'll be your bookmates.
The names more how it dates.
Starry stage screen and paradise.
What's yours?
Niko Mikofev.
Hmm, you got so pan.
Thank you.
Hey!
You're gonna...
But you're so proud of Drill, huh?
It's gonna make you my...
Hey, nobody's gonna stop you!
God!
God!
Who got you, Pinky?
I'm showered, Todd.
We got ten minutes.
What else to be safe and easy?
Yo, both of you.
Yo, man.
You know, I knew Linda Blao over there.
Hey, sir.
Only God laid.
Yes.
There is a girl with extra wide jeans.
Enter chain or she's become...
Hashing go.
