For the short handed goal, first of a season for the Panthers, and payley, 3-0-1,
this game is close to the bench to Yokunin.
Only Yokunin bullseye from outside the blue line, 4-1 Florida, two bull game for the...
By the you bastards.
He's got Gildi Wukton lining to him.
Don't mention that just because of his name, what do we do?
We are fired.
You're out.
Um...
It's breaking.
That's where I live with my body and booty.
That's where fair, fair blows.
Cause of such a beauty, it's one of those things I work for.
Be it such a beggar, I can make it through.
With my body and booty, that's where fair blows.
Cause of such a beauty, it's one of the things I work for.
Be it such a beggar, I can make it through.
So, did you see the big winner at the MTV Latin Awards, huh?
Shrikira.
I didn't see it.
Who was that?
Goldie?
Was that Gildi?
Or was that Zach?
That was Gildi.
Shut the door in his face.
He didn't mention my name.
Do you Gildi?
Okay.
See, well, I think about three weeks ago,
he actually mentioned my name when he was filling in.
And that guy that called Gildi this morning was right.
Most taking a lot of time off or got it just started.
And you know me, this one thing I can't state is guys who take too much time off.
Hate it.
Can't stand it.
But especially a guy who's like new to the, even though he's an old fart.
An old ancient codger.
Although I do hear that when you get to be bad old, you know,
you leave a lot of time off, lot of long weekends, things like that.
But anyway, so the last two times he's filled in, you notice, no mention.
No.
No, no, nothing like that.
Scared, crapless man.
He's got them also intimidated in there.
Even Zach's.
That's going into a feeding frenzy now.
He's eating with both hands.
Seriously.
He's just shoveling it down.
Is this place fat?
Or what?
No, seriously, Shakira won five MTV Latin music video awards last night.
I didn't even know what was on.
Was it last night or the night before?
No, last night.
Colombian superstar Shakira let all nominees with five awards in Chile
and rock band La Lae won two prizes Thursday night at the first MTV Video Music Awards
Latin America.
You weren't watching it?
What's wrong with you?
No.
Speak.
We got two of the Americans.
See, I'm not number no matter what whether it's Carlos and George McGill.
We got nothing but spicks around here.
And then we got faggies.
We're going to have no Jews in this building.
Don't start.
Don't you start with that crap again, Mr.
Let's do a tally.
Tally.
The award show aired live in Spanish on MTV Latin America and with English subtitles.
And MTV too.
Out of the best music videos in Latin music of the Jackie Gleason theater.
Jackie's rolling over it is grave by the way that they're not speaking English in his theater.
Shakira won artist of the year video of the year female artist, the year pop artist, the year and best artist, North.
North day.
And I would actually play the whole song if I had it here, but I don't.
It's in Toronto.
So I guess I'll have to leave and go up and get it.
See ya.
La Lae won two awards including group or duo of the year and rock artist of the year.
Another one is included Colombian singer songwriter Juanes who took home male artist of the year.
Know who he is?
Juanes?
I don't either.
Argentinian pop singer Diego Torres who won best artist southeast and Manu Chau.
Manu Chau who won alternative artist of the year.
Two English language winners.
Oh, thank God for that.
Couple of tokens they threw in there included pink.
Who won for international pop artist of the year and red hot chili peckers.
Who won for international rock artist of the year.
Rolling Stones opened the event other performers included Carlos Santana.
Oh, Carlos Santana.
Who joined with English language sensation Michelle branch, Mana and Shakira.
And it goes on.
Oh, look at this nominees for video of the year where Enrique Glacias, Quirra, a hero.
Juanes, a deos lapito, Paulina Rubio.
Oh, by the way, so here's the pool Eric.
Here's the start of my pool.
We'll get some other nominees.
I'm sure that we've done this before, but this is one they like.
And speaking of polls, man, this George pool.
There are a few things in the world that get this audience as riled up positively, negatively, and in between as George.
I mean, every time we take a poll that even mentions him in passing, we get 80 trillion votes.
They're like feeding each other over the head to get to the goddamn computer.
Let me vote on that little spit. Come on.
Out of my way.
I'm really wounded, you know what?
That guilty didn't promote the show.
It's time to get it on.
I mean, even he's promoting it.
Little twerp.
I'm glad you didn't get jugs of a job.
You little backstabber.
And he was in here with that picture, you know, sucking around.
You're not fooling us guilty, okay?
I sure wish I would have given him a different recommendation.
I'm sure we should have said, well, he should have said, oh, look at that.
That's that just brought some food in.
Not on his shirt.
Yeah.
On his shirt, on his rectum.
He's a two-end man.
No, sir, we got a tremendous response in that pool.
But anyway, here's what we're going to be doing today.
Who is the hottest of them all?
You did this quite a while ago.
I don't know if we used that...
Well, that's what I'm doing.
Well, that's because you didn't do the kind of pool I'm doing.
I says, I have to throw some gay banter in there.
Ah.
Well, I have to give everybody a summary to vote for.
I'm not going to vote for any of these broads.
Who's the hottest of them all?
And we're not excluding anybody.
You know, we always say, well, except for Brittany.
Well, let's put Brittany on there.
And see if she can cut the mustard, especially in others.
She's got the hots for George P. Bush.
Oh, man.
It's enough to make me lose my respect for that bitch.
That slut.
Yeah, I got that story here.
I got it's more tabloid crap today.
Also, we have some more of the stuff from what is it?
Real radio.
Oh, excellent.
We're going to make that kind of a regular Friday feature
until we've played it all until people are puking their guts out.
I liked that last week.
Did the audience like it?
Well, we don't really care to be honest with it.
Take it or leave it.
No, they liked it.
We had a good response on that.
What was wrong with it?
Just because it's for us all farce.
Who is the hottest of them all?
Brittany?
Shakira?
Christina Aguilera?
Jailo?
Pink?
Enrique?
Oh, he's a lot prettier than most of those.
Tom Welling?
Tom Brady.
See, there's the three fags for the women.
I saw your mother for your mother.
Madonna and Polina Roe.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Why are you putting Madonna on there?
Why are you painting?
Because of that great flick that you just made.
There's ten people went and paid to see it.
We got an article about that too.
And Paul Tate of the woman that wrote that story, she is foaming at the mouth.
That Madonna tainted her room.
Don't need to remake that movie.
Tainted her goods.
Like, he's been in the movie that didn't bomb.
Well, anyway, that's my list so far.
I'm sure leaving many out.
So we'll take some suggestions.
And then when we get around to it, then when we find a get around to it, we'll say,
Hey, Eric, put down the sandwiches and I get to it.
You know, that's full yesterday was really great from Quiznos.
But that business of you, you know, forcing those cookies, I mean, that was bad.
I'm sorry.
Especially the double, the double death chocolate one that had the chunks of chocolate.
You told me you should know why chocolate.
And then the oatmeal cookie that you put back in here after I said, take these out of here now.
You wouldn't the garbage and I pulled it out of there and forced you to eat it.
That was a disgrace.
It's time to get it off.
Get out of here.
You silly old cout.
Mr. Bluster.
God, is he make me ill?
He's not here today.
And you know something it's sad, but we miss him.
And I'm just making it up.
We really miss you, Mo.
It was like a part of our morning was yanked away.
Yeah, party.
You were morning sitting in there and doctoring up all those stupid comments.
Oh, George.
Yeah.
So yesterday's poor result.
I'll do the break first because the poor result we have to like really examine and analyze and look at it upside down inside out.
Don't you think we need to analyze the sniper for about 10 seconds?
I am.
It wasn't bad enough that we had all those nonstop all sniper all day stuff.
Didn't I tell you?
But now they got to analyze and you know who really should just go back home, count his money,
count his blessings that he's still alive.
Phil Donahue.
I'm going to tell you last night they had the John Williams Muhammad brother made the round.
He was on several things at the same time.
So it was like somewhere on tape or else he's got a split personality.
He was not with Connie Chink and he was not with Donahue at the same time.
Right.
And he had nothing to say.
Nothing.
And Donahue is the great question.
She goes they had little tidbits they picked up and the most pressing buddy.
Exactly.
I'm glad you got it.
That's exactly.
Is it true that they fed that his steps on crackers and honey?
At the honey tune.
Yeah.
I don't know anything about that.
I don't know about that whole but I saw them eat steak.
Boy.
That was just really special.
10 minutes after nine at five sixty.
I tell you maybe honey might be good for you but it's got a lot of calories.
It's got a lot of sugar.
It'll make your blood sugar go skyrocketing.
So instead of honey put the olio made in your post.
That's right.
Olio made Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of stupendous pharmaceutical grade
olive oil combined with good stuff vitamins minerals and herbals other nutrients scientifically
designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
Look for olio made three new formulas they have one to help you sleep one for weight management
and then co-Q 10 for your heart all using the benefits of the purist to find us the goody
to shoest best olive oil.
Olio made an outstanding product that's available with public secrets and wall greens if you
like more info about what this does and where you're sticking call olio made tool free
at 1 866 olio made that's 1 866 6 5 365 633 33.
Get the honey tuned.
And you can also there's my check there we go clearances here my main man which all
you're in for Carlos got my check you'll get paid mister okay.
Thank you sir and forget looks like that don't get paid anyway can also order
olio made off their website at olio made American dot com if you visit your nearest
public and by an olio made product and data brown you can get you a coupon for a free
all this makes my whole life Larry cocker bubble head down while supplies last don't forget
to visit their sampling pavilion at sports center we started to when the dolphins are playing
at home ever the dolphins who used to be pretty good pick up free olio made samples and
start profit in your push right away you be feeling bad.
Hey Hi.
This is 최애옥560.
Give Ricky a bother.
Okay.
Thanks for the checks l their escape Put him coming baby is the best.
Don't play me because I'm there with you
Check out my voice, they're broken on my voice
I need you
You come onto me
I miss the things in my ears
And it sounds so hard
But if you wanna do me
You're slow
There's things about me
I don't think you know
I'm underage
I said and she
You should be scared of me
Because you could go to jail if you see me
If I free you would be friends and meet
She was 25 but she's just a team
Perfectly I've been my lips I've free
Daddy called the cops my match
My dress up perfect you see
Because I'll have surgery
No more my skirt's pinched my knees
My butt just thinks right now
Rackum
She'll face me
You should be scared of her
Yeah
Never rolling stones red made her look dynamite
What a sight she's looking like
Fine
She let's talk to you
But she's just a team
Underage
917 at 560
She's gonna be getting 8 million votes on this poll today
We're gonna stay with a sniper TV pro-fathers
Mr. Marks
Somebody's faxing me the first 400 pages of this
All the experts are on there all the tech talking heads day after day
Three weeks of this crap
Did any of them have it right?
Was anybody close?
No
Could anybody have predicted?
Even the crackers and the honey thing couldn't have predicted that either
Well did he put his kids on a strange diet?
That a boy filled time to hang it up sweetheart
Bye bye
Oh and look who even took a little beating on your point yesterday
I'm getting talented
Yeah he is
Even on polls that aren't
Aren't even necessarily about him
Anyway, who's...
Oh look at...
Ha ha ha ha ha
He puts the...
He don't change the poll yet sweetheart
He puts on top who's the hottest?
He changed the question
We still got that good as the result on here
Give me a little chance here boy
He must be anxious to get this out of the way so we can get into a real feeding friends
You know it?
Into a couple of branches?
Now what that was the question?
Who's the hot?
No the question was
How come Georgia's rating sucks so bad this summer?
That was the question
How come he embarrassed me and everybody else connected with the show?
Even Carlos didn't want to come in here anymore
Till he gets paid
Well let's you know when to come back Carlos
No time soon
Anyway 1140 votes on air
You believe that on an overnight poll 1140 votes?
Just unbelievable staggering total
Just stick my name on there for good afternoon
People were like like I said having brawls at the goddamn computers
That should be a daily option
George Sucks
How come George Sucks so bad
And every time we have a poll on this show that has anything to do even peripherally with George
This is one thing I'll say they don't
They're either love you or they hate you
There's a little in between
And from this poll
See cause 18th well let's get to it
His shows are boring
237 20.7%
His show blows
All I can add see that was the battle it was between
211 his show blows
I loved George 210
So those two categories were like back well
210 is 18.4% which is a lot better than Mo did with his measly 4.5% on Wednesday
But I will say this if that's 18.5% love George that means there's another 81.6% that don't love George
Then we got Mo is a brutal lead in 153
I'm getting touted
Yeah
153 said Mo is a brutal lead and that's a good he's good scapegoat for your crappy numbers
And I think there's something to be said for that
When you got that awful hour at 8 o'clock
It was just it was nasty it was weak it was bad Mo even though you ain't here today I'm getting pounded
Yeah it was horrendous
He's an anti-semitic little spec 76
Too much ass talk 60
He can't compete with Howard sperm 53
That's not really that important right now cause Howard sperms on anyway
So why even mention that?
He can't compete with Howard or rush 50
It was Miguel's fault 48
Miguel did pretty well considering he just sat over there and mumbled a little bit
48 from Miguel
He can't compete with rush 22 and he mumbles 20
Was in last and I was see I feel bad because that was what I voted you mumble
So there's the result out of 1140 votes yesterday
Tremendous a just gigantic total
Our poll today who's the hottest of them all and I'm sure we'll get plenty of recommendations
You can call them in we'll take some calls again today
Like yesterday since we had such a great time on the phone, didn't we?
Hey don't make any difference to me if that's what they want if that will make little time jica happy
You know I want to be in touch I don't want to be I want to be carping about what's happening in the community
And I'll tell you one thing taking a few of them calls playing a little bit more of that real radio
And then reading these promos it will be out of here
We got so got many promos here today it's going to take me half hour just to go through all of these
Join my card eliminated Joe Costello this afternoon that's Joe Costello that you just have some audience here overnight
That had those awful you know I'll tell you one thing you ought to feel a little bit better
About the fact that you sure you sure just buried him his numbers were invisible
Yeah, but that's overnight that you that's it but you don't understand if you got anybody listening overnight
You got double digits see when you're overnight and you're the only local show in the market overnight you should have 15 shares
At least at least at least a 10
But what do you what do you want?
Huh? Well, I guess that makes sense no because it's a percentage of how many people are listening if there's only a
Thousand people listening and you had 200 you have a 20 share to percent it's a percentage of how many people are listening out what time of the day it is
So I mean if you got the only game in town you should have you among us number Joe did he have a big number no he's got a tiny one
The previous book they had a huge number and he was picking on portal into Maray said he had a tiny one
Well, let's see what do they get let me look at these again just so I didn't make a mistake like we did that first time
You know on the bonus thing boy Jared screwed me out of a bonus. Let's look at you in a row. I guess I better work these summers, you know
Not
One to five a.m. persons men 25 to 54
700 people average person listening that represents a 3.8 share in men
See he's got the same problem that you got you think that all these all the people are first of all the people up overnight young living and breathing people most of
Married up between one and five in the morning. They're sleeping. Okay anybody with a life especially during the week the people are up are the insomnia as the art bell crowd
They don't want to hear some punk on here some over-sex hyped up punk talking about who's got the best ass who's got the biggest ass who's eating the most ass
S S S S
That's their show it's an asho god damn it just asked me I'll tell you it's a freaking asho
I tried to tell nobody listens to me see that's one thing don't play me for anybody else's failures because the beast what did I tell the beast two stop them or what did I tell him stop with it
It's seven or I am the beast you know what I and of course it's very unprofessional he got booted right off that show
On professional he got booted right off that show because one thing mom won't stand for is unprofessional I'm getting talented well anyway so many team plus what do they do overnight one to five a.m.
In fact you know something when I'm saying one to five a.m. They're on like two to six correct and you look at their five to six hour and that really blows oh yeah
No wonder Moe's doing so bad he's got no leading and there's nothing worse than a bad lead and I'll say it again just ask us oh look at that five to six a.m. adults they got a one point eight cheer five to six a.m.
And I'm going to say many team plus a two point nine cheer and it's just it's you I don't even want to go through all the numbers they're just two embarrassing I don't want one verse I good for in Joe Castella.
So like I said join Mark hard eliminated Joe Castell to seven in three to five at public son U.S. one in Southwest 204 street Miami stop by and say to Joe how come you're waiting sucks so bad when you stop talking about as when you stop with that stop
a more sex talk nobody it's awake people awake at that hour if they're wanting if they're all at the sex stop they're doing it they don't want to hear somebody talking about it they're doing it
what have I always said people who talk about sex the most that are ones who ain't getting any just ask clearance stop how to win prizes registered win tickets to the big race in November what what big race in November
what does that mean the big race in November I'm sure if it's something that interests you you would know but it doesn't like some auto race
all the big breeders cup is this weekend that's why hands up their Arlington in Chicago joins George tomorrow 111 you can analyze the races no mark your program for you 111 of our bills
titles Boulevard of savings Northwest 36 we just wasted 27 the Avenue Miami stop by to win prizes enjoy free food or Atlantic city subs where I were mixed the difference and we like them a lot but an
ain't no quiz no believe me it's more like quizlings and then of course tomorrow let's see van hit the please read the car dealer promo separately like I said tomorrow's will read a little later on because we don't
mention just much out of four now please read the car dealer promo separately gee you know Miguel must have made these of you know he used to look pretty good once upon a time till he started getting really old and moldy and like 48 people look at this yeah 48 said it was his
fault you're so sucked this summer director Madonna film should be swept away as what she said she said it sucked as if the critics response to Madonna and guy
which he's movie swept away weren't bad enough it's already the frontwater next year's building raspberry words for the worst movie of the year
Italian director Lena Wurtmuller who made the original swept away in 1974 tells the Washington Post you now regrets her decision to
permit the couple to remake her cult classic is that like cult classic there's more than just ego and reputation it's take here says Wurtmuller 74 she has plans to make a sequel to her version plans that
maybe scuttled because of the ruinous box office performance of this new version which failed to clear 400 thousand dollars in the first weekend generally movies that you know that just
come out there measured how many millions they grossed the box office this was so gross that it failed to clear 400 thousand not millions I'm very
very worried because that's a problem for me Wurtmuller tells the post I've written a very funny story for the sequel I'm very worried that maybe this is a disaster for me I don't
understand why the picture is so awful she continues why did Madonna and her husband let it out it's very crazy meanwhile the horrendous
reviewers don't seem to be affecting Madonna's judgment she started writing a film based on her life that she hopes to direct the film will be a
comedy about a very famous woman in the insanity of her life she lives in Hollywood and as well know but she's not well
respected but I told the son UK it's based on a lot of characters and people I know I think it's historically funny she said oh yeah
talk about a legend in her own mind no movies Madonna that would be a great pull question who's the bigger
egotist no talent Madonna or Moe I'm getting proud I that would be a great pull don't you think
anyway so we'll fill out this pool here get Eric go satisfy there because he's very upset about that he wants to get it on
her right away we got to analyze yesterday's pull we got to take a bunch of comments about when George
fills in here today from people on the phone which we'll get to what's wrong with that nothing talk about you
might you might you might learn something and then you'll be on vacation all next week to let look your wounds
27 after 9 at 560 WQM we got the mad dog at 1 then we got the book shamby or the mad dog was wrong he said
boo got to be doing a lot more talk shows on the station guess what mad dog no boog's great play by play god
but it's talk radio oh and yesterday we had Joseph Gekky and Dianne B junior runner together wow
could have been the worst radio in the history of the human race anyway boog's shamby at the ESPN
zone in New York 3 to 5 30 5 30 to 6 30 today was that show with a Humper and then you got the
Collins football stuff and then we got 80k and then we got the crap nothing to exciting hey if
there's anybody out there who's not plunging their guts out with VIP sportsbook.com get smart and I
hear a lot of us sports books being peddled on this radio station why would you want to deal with
anybody else when VIP sportsbook is the only one that's unanimously endorsed which means by
everybody in industry is the best their Dutch base them one of the first online sportsbook ever
so if you go on a roll of a lifetime you don't want to be hooked up with some bunch of goofballs
that you'll ever find again be with the best VIP sportsbook and with the football season just
smoking right now you better be with these folks open an account online to get you a 15% cash
bonus and don't forget they offer you the highest probably odds in the universe up to 2001
plunge it to VIP sportsbook.com a book with some real class column toll free to get signed up at
1866 VIP bets that's 1 866 VIP VETS or sign up online to get you that 15% cash bonus VIP sportsbook.com
where you definitely do be the VIP.
maybe there's a dress cut down the back so when people said I might as they could see my
craft I put on a shirt it was see through you could see my boots and both my nipples too
then I got a shirt had no patties on he didn't matter for my mother see his dog
if you think I'm gonna dress up dude I won't you think I'm gonna wear a coat I won't even one of you so my
dog don't hide a thing do I care mine if show I don't will I try to have them no I won't even one of you so my dog don't
hide a thing hello George I'm 32 at 560 WQ I am happy Friday to you are pulled today who's the
hottest of them all Brittany Shakira Christina Aguilera oh that would make me sick but some of
hope for that because they got bad eyesight J-Lo because a lot of people like a big fat
ass see there goes for that ass talk again liquidated for Joe and Mark pink and wiki Tom
Welling Tom Brady Madonna oh and Paula Rubio now who'd I leave out I'm not gonna put like Mariah
carry on there you put her other for the crank vote right with that one LAR who Madonna
there are people who think she's hot who both of the ones who went and saw that movie
her parents yes her brother yes and her make believe husbands but at any rate
should I put the namara scary she just got that one gigantic breast in the middle of her chest
it's better than the Donna okay Mariah carry there you go I'm not I look because I put her on
here doesn't mean I think she's hot I think she I've always thought she was one of the
skankiest most untalented sluts that ever came down to pike yeah and but there are people who
think she's hot she'll get votes and the more you keep throwing on this she'll probably win the
goddamn thing just because you don't know how to do pull man you don't know how to do pull
you're like you take you bring out the spotlight the flashlight and you say okay all you in
for you even mention it all your lunatics out there they want to dick around with our pool
here here's the spotlight and you put it on the spot you know instead of just reading the list
let them like yesterday we didn't have one crank vote on her yesterday well maybe a couple
the moboats now and not the mobo so you kidding me those are the ones that they really feel
strongest about I'm getting proud good and deservedly so no wonder he's not here today's probably
headed to go into rehab for a couple of days wouldn't surprise me in fact they hear muff give them a
good place to hang out for a few days anyway so that's the beginning of our pool and speaking of
amazing things and also thanks to our good friend Glenn and the Iowa member Glenn from Iowa sure
did that listens all the time on the internet and faxes is good so he faxed me 400 pages about this
thing about the TV of the TV feeding frenzy all night for all day which we'll get to thanks Glenn
good stuff but here's some of the best stuff I've ever seen the moosey man has got his own fan club
I love it they all got together and we got our chief moose fan club you can go to chiefmoose.com
and you'll find it and there's his picture look at how it says moose sighting
yeah moose tracks it says we love chief moose we love him so much we want statues of him everywhere
did you know that the lines outside the near public library were nearly moose theater Roosevelt was
ahead of his time we want more moose where do you want chief moose statues tell us in our comments
and then it goes on and on hollywood is already thinking of making some lame cvs movie of the
week in which a characterization of chief moose would figure so kids I put it to you if you were
casting the part of chief moose who would you give it to it says my vote is for Dennis Hayesbird
of uh 24 he looks the part has the gravitas and charisma to truly embody the moose man but can he
say together that's my question I guess that's what the audition will be and this goes on pages and
paste chief moose named person of the week time is declared Charles a moose it's person of the
week needless to say this accolade is a whole week overdue and these treble times chief moose is the
foremost champion of the battle between good and evil he's a powerful positive role model for our youth
okay so I got it we have 40 pages of that this is a very disturbing piece
team thought Brazil was playing when he pulled gun and then Carlos comes in here see he's
picking up right from the same mistakes where you and Joe are making brings me in a bunch of
sophomore Phil Phil that's for me that's for me oh that's from you yeah I apologize to Carlos I
thought it was much too sophomore for anybody but George or George and Joe they're not funny
the quotes below are come this is oh things over here at the STD clinic I have
reasonably my penis was exposed to LSD when I ejaculate I have flashbacks well that wasn't one
of the funny one oh my hair is falling out on the sun hurts my crotch I went to a party had a few
beers woke up in a closet later my face stuck in my thing hurt my last period looked like meat
my balls feel soft and mushy oh I know somebody like that I'd be messing with these nasty women from
Minnesota they didn't tell you they got something less they mad at you oh that must be chief
moose at that they don't tell you unless they they got something less they mad at you I thought
that was they be mad at you how am I supposed to do lactants and smelling like a dead fish I got the
dripper I have had sex with my daughters fiancee and then duced with lice all feeling a little
raw down there scabs on my butt I'm losing my mind I'm releasing semen when I take a crap that's
nice doesn't say where it's he's releasing it but nevertheless I was poked poked oh boy I was
poked in the rectum with the infected finger of a 70 year old homosexual man back to him it felt
like a finger we said I live at the VA and my roommate has a girl his girlfriend from any
apolis over they throw ticks at me that bite my neck and when I pop the sword they smell like oh
I'm not reading that no juice I'm not saying what kind can't you put that swab in further
well that's okay I'll save the rest for later because they're so good this is disturbing
team thought Brazil was playing when he pulled the gun out west Palm Beach de Norah Rosales
said yesterday she thought Nathaniel Brazil was playing around with the when the 13 year old
pulled a small handgun from the pocket of his denim shorts and pointed it at a teacher he's just
playing around Rosales said she realized the gun was real when it went off an English teacher
Barry Bruno fell to the ground it's like a gun that little kids play would like they used to
play cops Rosales 16 told jurors in the fourth day of a civil trial against the guns distributor
Bruno's widow Pan Bruno's suing Valor Corp claiming the gun Brazil used to kill her husband
as an unreasonably dangerous weapon and Valor could have made it safer Bruno is asking for 75
million dollars 25 million for herself and each of her two young chillans attorneys for Valor
Corp maintained the gun worked as it should firing a bullet to hit Bruno after Brazil
pointed the gun at him and pulled the trigger well that's the way it's supposed to work just like
that yeah very effectively and now he's dead Valor attorneys instead cast blame on the school for
not providing enough security and Elmore McCray the family friend who kept the gun at a dresser
drawer unlocked and loaded before Brazil be stealing it they also fought Brazil now 16 and serving
a 20 year prison sentence not nearly long enough for a second degree murder he's expected to testify
in the civil trial during the criminal trial last year Brazil said they're going off accidentally
and that he only wanted to scare Bruno who wouldn't allow him to visit with his friends in his
classroom right name by believe him no and it's amazing though that there actually are those
it always happens with OJ no matter who you knew it wouldn't be too long before we got some dark
complex of folks who are saying like there's something racial about this thing with the john
Williams-Mahamed shorts whatever his name is in the nephew and the stepson there is yeah
we don't you know with the crackers the honey that did it made him both crackers that's why they
done it can you imagine if that's all you ate was cracker none of your blood sugar probably be
higher than Eric's it probably be like you'd say tilt on that machine does Eric take his blood
sugar by the way I don't know well there's only one way to tell for sure and that is checked for
the bricks on the tips of his finger yeah look at all the bricks on the tips of my fingers it's true
that's the only way you can be really sure anyway it's twenty before ten we're going to start
taking some calls in a bit get some more things names nominees for the pool I'm not voting on this yet
now what did he leave Tom Brady off of this pool get with it Eric you idiot you maniac put
down to goddamn burrito sweetheart by the way the food yesterday from balance for life was outstanding
you know that I like mine now they're actually bringing me the right stuff now the good stuff
I think they were giving me like this stuff nobody else wanted for a couple days just just
out of general principle just because Troy's got a good sense of humor what did I do with my
pool here it is I think he left several off here I guess he wants me to read it again
british or kira christina angolera jalo pink you don't have any of them on here and reek a tom
welling tom Brady Madonna polina rubio and mariah scurry kind of scary to me thinking about that
she's nasty boy can she sing or what no she is bad she's a wailer used to play for heartbird 19
before 10 at five sixty w two way you know I don't want to get out of bed this morning that's not
just in this copy I really didn't that's why I've been yawning all morning long I just I don't know
I think two three days a week is enough like the mad dog does you know by maybe three days
anyway I had a good night sleep though and my bed I could have slept till noon that great bed from
the folks at dial amatras if you woke up this morning feeling cranky or like you didn't sleep at
all then do the smart thing and call like I always do one eight hundred mattress that's the
number for dial amatras when you talk to these folks you'll be guaranteed a great night sleep
every night for years to come dial amatras carries only the top brands in the world they've got
them all silly certicin and kinkorl in every size and every comfort level which means the
mattress you want is in stock available for immediate delivery recently they set up the lovely
Miguel with a new bed he's loving a man he has screw in his brains out of that thing he's doing it
the folks at dial amatras did what they said they would no BS no excuses no bait and switch just
a comfortable relaxing night sleep from a girl for a long time to come when the crew from
dial amatras got to Miguel's house they set up his new one took away his old one and the mattress
too don't be tempted by stores going out of business who can't deliver and don't forget now
through the end of the month you got another week or thereabouts dial amatras offers free
delivery you can get a free dial amatras delivery in just two hours or any given to our window you
provide depending on where you live don't forget now for a limited time delivery is free so sleep
like a baby like me and the girl do many many miles apart call one eight hundred mattress right now
one alarm sure he's dreaming about me one eight hundred m at tr e s i hear even
screams out my name in the middle of the night one eight hundred m at tr e s for dial amatras
brand name beds for busy people
five and a local this is five six years there are years all yours now
bandage i f**king them out
oh
all right welcome back to the Howard David show where we run a clean family
tight for what he grow it there show here no homo talk our queers like that jute
bag guide that follows me i ain't gonna make the same goddamn mistakes who he sells me
and what what are you you remember when he told the kids to put their hands in the
parents thing oh yeah vividly no we're gonna talk sports here with our little yuma
based on the comedy style links and jack boom boom carter oh yeah
yeah say ain't it a beautiful day in paradise huh
paradise why sure petted in new york
oh yeah oh you're from new york right
uh i'm from kinawcy
all right pipe down i just flipped my wig again
so when you come down here for well i i had to besides uh this right here this is paradise
oh
justy both god i guess i can say i kind of miss new york why don't you want to go back some time
i uh i i can't go back come well they told me in no uncertain times uh let's not get
in for that right now yeah that sounds familiar so what you hear the news
i said have you heard the news no they're gonna suspend that little half the whole york
that's right they want to let that little spit bastard go what did he do
that just don't like a man ain't that good enough
that little bit of top don't you think
are you arguing with me no you know who i am
i got the power of great greed behind me
i want a fire em all
that's not real yet
you you're fired too get out of my place of business
your place of business why you why you're
i'm getting paladit 947 at 560w to qam we sure miss him here this morning
we really do because when he's in the building the people are less what one by the way tell
us that Moe is very sensitive about his bad to pay number one and about his pupik his overhang
number two so whatever you do don't be talking anymore about his bad hair piece and especially
about his punch. Don't be doing that. Wasn't that Erica Stratt is the character's
name and chips. Yes. In fact, have you ever seen him, Erica,
strotted together? No. Same hair piece, I think. Here's the fact from one of our
chronic regular says go to qm.com, click on host, click on their email, all photos
do not match the host profiles. See, we can't be responsible for the QM website.
We're having enough trouble being responsible for hours. Now that Eric and
Bokobriner tech can can can spirit, can spiritual stuff be on our back?
PS most pieces lovely. Well, that's good. See, and you're picking on him again.
The people in Westwood once said, they'll do that. He's very sensitive about those
things and he gets very I'm getting uptight. Let's take some calls, some suggestions
for our poll today so we can round it out so we can go ahead and he actually did
your old names on the eventually, I think. You think I should try to vote
in a fax at to him? So I don't know why he's you don't need to fax it to him. He's
obviously listen. Let's see who my voting for. I'm sure not voting for him.
How'd you guess I am voting for Tom Brady? He sure got Tom Welling beat hands down
your pants. I said Tom Welling. And let's see, there it is, Tom Brady. Oh, you said Tom
Welling? No, no, no. But you were upset. I'm not obsessed with Tom Welling. That's
what you said. I never said that. That was just stick that was radio stick. Okay.
Tom Welling is okay. If you really see one thing about people on TV, I this may
come as a great shock. Like what was the guy that played super Clark and Lois? Lois and Clark?
Dean Kane. Dean Kane. If you look at him closely, looks more like Steve Kane. I mean, no,
he's got bad zits. He's got like a talk mark. Talk mark. He's got that nasty like almost
like a James Woods complexion. He's a good actor and he was good in that fag movie,
whatever the hell I was called. So it's not like personal. He's good, but from a distance.
And if you look at Tom Welling, if he wants that close, I mean, if you get up real close
to the TV, I've tried that. He's just, he's okay. He's pretty good. Norma said he was
gorgeous. And I'd be embarrassed to be saying that if I was like a high priced lawyer in
Broward County, like Norma can't, I wouldn't be saying any guy was gorgeous. But at any rate,
I see people all the time not here, not in this town. But I mean, like in real living and
breathing places who look better in any of these people, male and female, including Brittany.
I see females look and I know that's no pristine clean and pristine and just cring and pristine
like Christine. Is that what you just said? He's obsessed with Christine Aguilar. Let's
get him some help. Okay. No, one of the audiences turned like that. No, one of they've turned
on you and you had such a terrible awful crappy summer book. But let me say this about
her. Yeah. She really has get out out that way. Christina get out out. Yeah. She'd be
talking like she'd be from the get to I never would turn on the audio got all the
one that was when she did the movie of the video that he oh, well at the rhythm. The
Mulan Root. Mulan Root. Oh, you would talk about somebody over playing a video. When I was
in Amsterdam, both in the spring and in the summer, on every one of the MTV's and on
the ones DJ TV and this one and that one, every two minutes was that guy. They're Mulan
Root. Oh, brother, just enough to make you want a gag. Man, annoying song. Very annoying
song. No, one, number two. Annoying bitches on there to like Christina. I mean, was there
anybody that looked good on that video? No. Unless you like that. Ancho Mama that pink.
Yeah. We are compared to Christina. She's fantastic. Well, we'll see how many votes she
gets. Look at that. Brittany's off. This is up already. Well, that's good. We can always
add to it. See, I knew he wouldn't wait. He's in a hurry today. Don't you understand?
It's brunch. It's time. It's Friday. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Anybody
wants to nominate for our poll today? Who's the hottest of them all and also wants to
critique Georgia's summer job? Let's find out why he did so poorly. WQ I.N. WQ I.N.
First call of the day and they got the radio cranked up, which I don't blame him. Let's
take him a long time to get around to it. Hello. Hi, George. Yes. Hey, it's Melissa from
sales before do you remember me? No. No. George, you remember Melissa from sales? Sure
I did. Oh, OK. How you doing? OK. Listen, I'm on the gun. I just wanted to add when you
are. You are on the air. Oh, no. Yeah. I wanted to find out how I can get that song from
Afro man because I got high. Or because I got high. Is that why you wanted to? Yeah. That's
what I'm wondering. Is that like is that the name of it or is that why you're why you
want it? Well, I want it because I want to hear it. Well, Georgia, make you a copy of
it. Oh, OK. I'll work. I'll work. I'll work. I'll work. I'll take it. Can I? Oh, you
want to be on the air though? Well, that was that was for two of it. Is wasn't it? I don't
know who that was. She was in sales here somewhere. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Hey, Melissa, he hasn't got any idea who you are. All I did was hear a female voice. And
right away, he's a radar went out. Yeah. It's got a skirt on. It's got. Yeah. It's got
something on. That's the most. She's probably very lovely. Melissa. I don't know. I have no
idea who that is. Well, you know, our sales people at all these stations, man. You know,
they come and they go there and we got to be following door. What's his name? What's
her name? Is a husband? Scott Schwartz. He was here for about two minutes. He said,
I'm getting out of this place. Yeah, he left here screaming and yelling. So this is
an insane. I was just reading the captions on there. I see John penis wrote me a really
emotional note on there on my birthday when they put the sales people brought me that
gigantic picture up there on the wall. Yeah. He also do strange things coming out of
a screen. I don't want to talk about that on the air. So what play all of me forget to
play that Afro man right at 10 o'clock for our good friend Melissa. Whoever she is. WDQ
A.M. Is this pot on? Yeah. I think they're smoking it WDQ. A.M. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey,
what was the ratings for that pollcaster homeowner morning? He's all bragging about how
great he is and Paul Castor Homo. Yeah. Let me take a peek. They got anything because they
got, you know, they got a thing. Well, here's the men 25 54. That's their target demo.
Let's see how it's sperm had a 9.4 was number one hot 105 Zeta. They were tied for a
second, but they dropped like two points. Good. He's an asshole. Yeah. And hey, his Tampa
base still the only undefeated team in the NHL. What's with that? I know it's frightening
in it. Hockey talk. Yeah. Okay. Don't go. That was a good thinking. That was a good call.
He said hockey talk and they ran away real quick. That was more than enough. Zeta had a 5.
9.7 time for a second. Last time there was second. I'll learn with the 7.7 in the spring.
So they dropped a couple of points, but seems like everybody dropped and we're not going
to knock them for that. Okay, Paul. I'm going to be fair. When I deal with the numbers,
I don't let personalities get in the way except in the case of Moe. But, uh, hey, listen,
we gave the numbers out. I can really whatever Moe got and his numbers weren't as bad as we
had hoped. I mean, thought they were going to be everybody in the building is down and
maybe that's why everybody's a little bit down today that we saw the hour by hour yesterday.
Even Moe was kind of like, you know, he's not too pleased. We were hoping like for maybe
ones, you know, like job threatening kind of numbers, but didn't happen. Now, wait till the next
book. Oh, and Tom jick, let me say it again. The next book comes out in middle of January. Okay,
Tom, write it down and your goddamn diarrhea. Okay. Write it down and I have somebody to
tell you. Remind you, poke him aside. He just can't get it right. Well, he's too busy with
those cooking show schedules. You know, that's heavy duty stuff. WQ I am. George reposed by
not he ain't going to be on. I mean, one word out of your boring mouth. We had him what 45 times
yesterday this asshole call go away. We're going away. And don't go away. Just go away fat WQ I
am. Yes. How's it going? Okay. How long you think it's going to take for the South Florida
tie to come into the sniper thing? The South Florida. What tie in? Yeah, I'm sure there is one,
okay. Well, when you get it, let us know the South Florida. No, I mean, that guy's got a point.
Don't be given like a wincing look. What he's trying to say is what he's trying to say is that
every time some grotesque thing happens, always the trail comes right back to this town.
The ugly nasty smelly trail. Maybe this is where he got the gun. Maybe this is where it was
manufactured. Maybe this is where he bought the crackers and the honey. I don't know.
But I think this caught our head of a very good point and you're giving like, see, that's another
part of the reason that they don't like you is because you're too hostile. Give these. I am not.
Give these people a chance. Okay. They're doing the best they can. It's not very good. But at least
they're not calling and saying, well, we go out this weekend. We want to really kick some ass. We
want the canes to win by 90 points and really, because it's going to make me feel like a real man.
I got news for you. People are called a talk shows. There ain't nothing's going to make you feel
like real men.
I was going to clean my room until I got high. I was going to get up and find the broom. But then I got high.
I was going to go to class before I got high. Come on.
I could have cheated and I could have passed. But I got high.
I'm taking a next semester. And I know why.
Because I got high. Because I got high. Because I got high. Because I got high.
I was going to go to court. But I got high. I was going to pay my child support.
But then I got high. I know you watch.
I think I'm my whole paycheck. And I know why. Why.
Because I got high. Because I got high.
I wasn't going to run from the cops. But I was high. I'm serious, man.
I was going to pull right over and stop. But I was high.
Now I'm a tear up. Please check it. I know why.
Why. Because I got high. Because I got high. Because I got high.
I was going to make love to you. Because I got high.
I'm serious. I was going to need your pussy to.
I was going to get high. Because I got high.
Now I'm a tear up. And I know why.
Because I got high. Because I got high.
Because I got high. Because I got high.
I miss my entire life. Because I got high.
I lost my keys to white. Because I got high.
Say what, say what, say what. Say what, say what.
Now I'm sleeping on this sidewalk. And I know why.
Why. Because I got high. Because I got high.
Because I got high.
I'm going to stop singing this song. Because I'm high.
I'm singing this whole thing wrong. Because I'm high.
And if I don't still want to copy.
I'm a white man. Because I'm high.
Because I got high. Because I got high.
Are you a light man?
Oh, you really are.
Hey, go on Melissa. That's for you.
Town 3. Maddie Bell just brought in those numbers.
And you're going to be shocked when you find out who killed a summer book.
What new numbers do we have?
The monthly week.
The weeklies.
Guess who killed a summer book.
Right. September with the last four weeks were killer.
But that was for the whole station.
The whole station went in a crap around that month.
So you don't have to feel quite so bad.
Although, and the numbers that clearance gave me.
See, I think Maddie Bell documented these.
To make you feel better. Make me feel better.
Or the way around.
The way you feel better. He hates me.
Oh, that's true.
But I don't know. Because the numbers that clearance gave me.
If you break down a month of September, we had a real strong month in there.
In our show.
But maybe that doesn't include Maddog.
Let's see. One to three. We got all of Maddie Bell went crazy.
He brought me a hundred Maddog to one to three.
One moment, please. In those last three.
No, three six. He went way down.
That's after an eight five.
See, August the sportsman had this wild juggernaut
Hank had an eight one. Maddog had an eight point five was number one.
In the August. That's incredible.
All the way at a six five in July.
Nothing wrong with that.
And an eight five but then in August of three six.
You. Now us and Moe had a four two a four two and then a two pay.
I two two.
I had a four two and a two six.
Oh, but the two six. I mean, the whole station in September.
I think I think Duff was right.
I think that was the ethnic waiting that they did.
No, it's something. I don't know.
I have no idea what that means.
Because according to a clearance, we had a big good September.
Well, you've always had arbitra.
I don't know how to sample this market.
Anyway, in July. That was your first four weeks.
You were number four.
I would say to it with a five point nine.
Another one with that meant 2554 second four weeks of five point three.
And here you thought you had that terrible August.
This doesn't make any sense.
No, it doesn't.
This doesn't make any sense at all.
These numbers don't match the numbers in the book.
Or the numbers that we've got the extrapolations that we have for the trends.
At all. Not even close.
So somebody here ain't getting the job done right.
A figure, a figure right now.
And then in September, we had a four seven.
But everything was like chopped way down in September.
Because I see him.
Q. Oh, CMQ FM was number one in September with a six point seven share.
I have a Chinaman's chance because Chinaman don't speak.
No peeking upon it.
And we were tied for.
We were fifth with a four point seven in September.
So the book was destroyed by.
So I have nobody to blame but myself for not getting that bonus.
Can't blame George.
So how do you like that folks?
I sucked in September.
Not really.
I thought it was fantastic in September.
I thought it was sensational.
I thought it was simulating.
Anybody buying it?
No.
No.
I had a good time.
Anyway, so how's the pull coming?
Brittany's got 24.
Shakira's got 20.
I like that.
J.Lo's got six.
Christina's got four.
Tom Brady, three.
Paula Rubio's got three.
Mariah Scarry's got three.
And Tom willing to.
Nobody else got any.
Hold on to your facts is here now.
Where'd you come across Paulina Rubio by the way?
What do you mean where that come across?
I didn't come across her.
Here's the fact from Jonathan who says I'm a 25 year old male who moved to South Florida
almost two years ago and I've been hooked on your show ever since I got here.
You're definitely right about this place.
There are very few living and breathing people under the age of 100.
Absolutely correct Jonathan.
Anyway, it says I heard you play a bit quite a while ago.
It says something about stuffing your face kind of like Neil does.
I don't know if that's exactly how it goes but something like that.
I only heard it once that I was hilarious.
I haven't heard it since.
Could you play it sometime?
Maybe he means we like to eat a lot.
That means the worst thing.
Okay.
Is that it?
That could be.
I don't know.
Thanks for a great show, says Jonathan.
Well, thank you Jonathan.
We hope you get some diaries because I sucked in September.
Yeah, I ruined the summer book.
Does anybody believe that?
No.
No, that's what it says in those numbers.
Maddie Bell gave me.
Says I had a 47 and George had five.
So I guess that means more vacation time for me.
That's what George on a lot more is what I would say.
A hell of a lot more.
Let's see.
We happened to the one we what happened to the archive shows.
I was here we go with this stuff again.
Please put your daily shows back in the archive.
Thanks, Desmond.
But we can't do it because of the commercials.
It's on.
Huh?
I'm so tired of that.
Yeah, we can't do it.
Leave us alone.
Let's see.
Sniper Florida tie in Malvo attended Cypress Lake High School on the west coast of Florida.
See, there you go.
You ask.
I heard that guy in the college.
Is that his name Malvo the kid?
Yeah.
The Jamaican kid.
What's that?
Pauline Arubio.
Oh, there she is right on a cover of P.O.
What is that?
They have stuff magazine.
Yeah, ma.
She's stuffin' it.
So we attended Cypress Lake High School on the Florida west coast.
Let's see.
Your last caller was obviously not up to it in the sniper info.
There already is a connection.
Eris and other one.
The 17 year old went to school in Fort Myers.
It's too bad and real sad about the thanks for calling.
Maybe she was on the few cool folks down here.
You're right.
It's too bad and pretty sad.
You're right.
But we gotta keep moving on.
And spread out the fact that we're done.
We're finished on this show.
September was a grotesque month for everybody.
I'm not interested in seeing all your naked broad pictures in there.
Okay.
See, that's one thing about me.
I don't sit in here holding up a bunch of naked pictures of Tom Brady.
Of course, I don't have any.
I'm just astonished you found her because she is hot.
Pauline Arubio.
Hey, I recognize her hot chick.
I'm not afraid to say that.
It's not gonna threaten my homosexuality.
I don't feel like worried about that.
You're straight.
See, let me tell you right now about all these damn supposedly very, very
heterosexual guys who pretend that they can't tell a good looking guy.
The only thing that means is the minute they say that they can't tell that,
it means that they're in a closet.
That's what it tells me because they're afraid that they admit that they recognize that
a guy's good looking.
Uh-oh, faggot.
Now, that's what that's all about.
I mean, you look at it's like you look at the steak on a plate.
Okay.
Here's two plates.
On one plate, there's a beautiful delicious ribeye steak.
Another plate, there's a big elephant, you turn it.
Okay.
Now, which one looks good?
Which one is, huh?
What if you're a vegetarian?
Oh, brother.
What if he crackers in honey all day?
No, while I said that he was a vegetarian and he had crackers not,
and they both went crackers evidently.
Oh, there's a John Malvo right there.
His father on the phone from Jamaica.
I could just have a doctor in first-year-old on the poor.
Mm-hmm.
Hello.
Yes.
I'm going to doctor in first-year-old on the poor.
What?
What do you mean, Sam?
Oh, this is for me.
Hello.
Yes, Mr. Malvo, we thank you very much for your time.
Leon, here is me.
Leon, here is me.
And CNN's strike again.
That was great.
That was sensational.
I love life.
Good, golly-ness, Molly.
That was spectacular.
Oh, poor Leon.
He doesn't know whether the screamer say Kirby Puckett again.
He was well-talking about that later on.
Okay, we'll be listening, Leon.
Not.
Wow.
Nine minutes after 10 at 5'60", WQM,
we're going to take some more suggestions for our poll.
Although, I don't know.
Maybe they just won't be any.
This is our poll.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
If you like to eat a lot, oh yeah.
If you like to eat a lot, oh yeah.
Then you gotta like to eat a lot, gotta like to eat a lot, gotta like to eat a lot.
We like to eat a lot, we like to eat a lot, we like to burble a lot.
We like to burble a lot, we like to burble a lot.
If you like to burble a lot, we like to eat a lot, then you like to eat a lot.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, boy, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And we never knew.
I'm getting counted.
10, 14, at 5, 60 WDQM Happy Friday to us.
So the numbers come out, it turns that George, it's a good thing this worked out this way,
because of Maddie would have had these numbers yesterday.
Then the voters, you know how much of a bunch of front-running phonies a lot of people are.
The poll would have turned out so much differently.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Everybody would have loved George.
Oh yeah, George is where the show is at.
Neal's old hat, all right.
Reading on the air, he's old news, he's stale.
We've heard enough of that old bag.
George is where it's at.
We like that ass talk.
That's what it's all about.
So George is going to be on for, in fact, I'm leaving right now.
I'm like looking forward to if Moe can do it, why can't I do it?
All this old guys, take a nice long weekend, get that out of here.
George done fine.
Maddog did great for two months and I'll have sun in September.
And of course, that was only when I came back on.
Let's see, when did I come back here?
Now that was in October, that's right.
Am I right?
Yes.
So I was in Toronto all September.
That's because he, that's part of the problem.
Like Tom Jekyll says, I was out of touch.
Although in April, I was in Toronto all month and I had like a 10 and 11 cheer.
So just figure it out.
Is there any way to figure this out?
Oh, yeah, we don't understand it.
We don't get it.
Yeah.
They got that big Texas hat up there.
And I guess they must have reached in the wrong ass end of it and picked the numbers out.
WCMQ FM was number one in September in September.
Is anybody in their right mind believe it?
I don't even know what the hell they play.
Do you know what they play?
He's talking about himself.
You're asking Carlos, right?
Yes.
Let's see, he's another one.
He hasn't got a clue.
He doesn't have any idea about that or anything else.
No, seriously, there's, we don't know what the hell they play.
And Maddie Bell.
Hey, Maddie, stay out of here.
Okay, quit doing me so many favors with your bad news.
You notice how bubbly he was about this?
The ratings not see?
That's what the mouth calls him now.
The ratings not see.
I like that.
Well, that's a good question.
Who does he hate worse?
The water not see.
Oh, but at any rate, I mean, W, E, D, O, and now let's see.
Is this, is this what I'm looking at?
Because the Humper had that big July and then September when the footballs going on,
we went down on this station.
How is that possible?
See what I'm saying does make any sense.
It doesn't make any guy the incense.
Maddog falls off the face of the earth.
Hank takes a dump.
I suck.
Well, that's not unusual.
And then of course, moment of morning like drops almost in half.
The molemeister.
Maybe it's just he's bringing us all down with him.
Let's play him.
Let's blame him.
He's not here today anyway.
I'm getting pounded.
Good.
We like it.
Who's the hottest of them all?
And why does he say who's the hottest?
Who's the hottest of them all?
That's what it's supposed to say, Eric.
Do it right.
Like mirror, mirror on the wall.
Who's the hottest of them all?
It's not Carlos.
Brittany Spears 33, Shakira 32, J-Lo 10, Mariah Scurry 6, Paul Rubio, Paula Paulina.
Paulina.
See, you can't get the names right.
Eric, I'm telling you, buddy, when you're blood sugar gets over 500, you got problems.
He don't know from stick chicks.
Well, how come I know?
I don't know.
The question is, Paulina.
We go, wow.
Maybe I'm starting to make a little turn on some of this stuff.
Tom Brady for.
Turn on.
Madonna too.
Tom Walling too.
Well, you're a tea.
He's a lot prettier than she is.
Oh, yeah.
And pink has got one.
Poor Engricca, you know.
He ain't got nothing.
It's the mole.
Oh, my God.
Poor Engricca, sweetheart.
It's time to get it on.
Yeah.
Anyway, 10, 17 and 5, 60, QM.
We're just going some time until the mad dog comes in.
Don't let me forget about my real radio stuff.
I won't.
Even though the audience may hate that like Paulina, I don't like it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
We're discussing how come the numbers were so bad when Neil came back in September.
WDQAM.
7, 0, 5, 60.
And they got their radio just screaming.
Hello.
Hey, I know where I'm around it.
WQAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
OK.
You're missing two hot babes that need to be on your poll.
OK.
I think the name is Jenny Ryan.
She was a cyborg on Star Trek Voyager and asked about Boston Public.
Jerry Ryan?
I did.
J-E-R-R-I.
J-E-R-R-I.
Jerry Ryan.
J-E-R-R-I.
Got an Eric?
Jerry Ryan.
I'm sorry, only one hour.
Only one hour.
J-E-R-I.
And?
Who was the second one?
Baby, baby.
My phone's crap it out.
Don't blame him.
See, that's another reason they don't like you.
You're just too harsh on these callers.
That's why we have so many friends.
His phone was crap it out.
I could hear that.
And?
And you're like, move it like that.
Oh, it's his phone.
They can follow this way.
You're right.
5, 6, 7.
Get a decent phone, sir.
OK.
Get a decent phone you can communicate with instead of that damn thing.
Got it.
I've got to name cracker jacks box.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
It's time to get it all.
How in 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon?
Wireless line.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Ah, yeah.
I just was wondering if you could add some of the humor to what happened on the World Series last night with the kid running onto home plate.
I didn't see it, but I heard Geldie talking about it this morning.
It was like, you know, the duck and the news.
Yeah.
Little duck got news by the white boy.
I did hit home plate.
It was so funny.
I'll be damned.
Please put some humor on it, because only you can do it the right way.
OK. We'll do.
We'll put something on it.
And a real quick.
Can I ask you your sign?
Wait.
Ha!
Ha!
Scorpio.
Yeah.
Dusty Baker's three-year-old kid came out there last night in JT snow.
The lovely JT snow.
He should also be out.
All his nose is getting kind of really beaky now that he's getting older.
But at any rate, the little kid came running out there in JT snow out of grab away from home plate winners.
A play at the plate.
Three-year-old little kid out there.
And Gildey had a good line.
He said he had a toothpick in his mouth.
Just like Dusty Baker, he had a little smaller toothpick.
I would hope.
Anyway, I didn't see it.
Those World Series gave what kind of an end around two in the morning, something like that?
I mean, who the hell?
They say the ratings are the lowest in the World Series history.
And is it any surprise?
It's not just because it's West Coast teams.
It's because of the fact number one.
Nobody cares about baseball anymore.
And number two, it's after games start like at 11 o'clock at night.
Who the hell is going to stay up to one in the morning on a weeknight to watch that crap?
And there have been some very good games, but who's going to watch that when they can watch the Panthers lose like last night?
They give it a hell of a good shot though.
I'll say that for them.
Toronto stations are screaming for a new coach, Pat Quinn, you're out Pat.
You lost the weight now you're going to lose your job.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Well, I tend to not only have nobody on some of these lines, but they sound like absolutely, you know what I mean?
Deadly.
Quiet.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hallie's very good.
Okay, that's a good one.
How come she's not under your slip of mind?
You're a slip of mind.
You're a slip of Hallie Berry and Spellor Wright.
I'm not even going to spend H-A-L-L-I-E.
I'm not even going to spell it for you, Rick.
Hallie Berry, get her ass on there and the rest of her too.
She belongs on that list.
Look, a Shakira move ahead of Britney Spears.
So, seriously, Shakira just moved ahead.
Now, maybe that's because she won five awards last night on MTV's.
That's because she can shake her ass way better.
Plus, she can sing way better.
Right.
She can do everything way better.
Play guitar.
Right.
And play guitar probably better tasting men, I would think.
Better tasting men?
Better tasting men.
Then George P. Bush and Justin Tinkerbell.
And by the way, Justin, just in case you missed a message the first 400 times.
Bye, bye, bye!
Get out of here.
Well, that's something about that September.
I think that's rounded off for humor or something.
I got to look at that again just to make sure I'm reading right.
I mean, I know what the number is, but I'm just...
I think it's because they thought I was still on it and September had realized that you had come back.
No. No. I sucked.
I know. See, look at this.
See, Clarence gives me this.
It just doesn't make any sense.
Oh, that's men 18 plus.
That's what we get.
See, we don't get to 25 to 54.
So many 18 plus we had a real goose up there in September, but 25 to 54 was like in the crapper.
Well, that's because all the punks that listen to you want to hear about eating ass, they're gone.
Once I come back, they don't want to hear me.
They don't want no part of me, which is fine.
You know, they don't like me.
I don't like them.
It's cool.
Is that part...
A big part?
They want no part of you?
Yeah.
I've seen most of them.
I don't want any part of them either.
So I can't even find those now.
They just buried themselves in the bottom of my poll.
There it is.
I want to see what the CMQFM was number one in the last four weeks of the book, which is September.
Let's see what else got some bogus numbers in there.
Love, love 94 was...
Oh, they were tied for first with CMQFM.
Love 94.
Anybody ever hear that station?
No.
Listen to it.
No.
Smooth jazz.
Big third with a 6.6.
That's all based on the early route.
That's based on Howard in the 910 hour.
Coast.
5.6.
And we hit a 4.7.
And we got beat up by the coast.
Is there anybody in the right mind who believes that?
No!
And IOD had a 4.4.
This is all like squished down.
Radio ritmo, WXDJ, Radio Romancea.
Just too many spows and shfows, man.
Spows and shfows and shfows and spows.
That's all we got.
Now where the hell's my list?
We adding to it?
I got too much cramp laid out here.
And then also somebody faxed me this morning.
This thing from the business section in the heritage I'd already seen.
And I know I hope these guys do very well because they're Dutch guys, at least some of them are.
I hope they do very well.
Do you see this about the a Davey place?
No.
Dutch treats.
It says, temp your taste buds, finger markets, for a finger markets firm food.
Or is it firm markets finger food?
I think that's how it's supposed to be red.
When Davey's Dutch and delicious saw the approval from the Department of Agriculture for a new finger food,
the fledgling company described as a culinary ragout, or all ragoo.
I said ragout.
Yeah, ragout.
Get your ragout, embraced by crisp breading.
Well, don't you want to see somebody get a ragout with a crisp breading on it?
Hmm.
Looks like meat.
Culinary ragoo.
Oh, and then they describe all of it in here and we're selling them on how they're selling.
See, I hate to say this, but Dutch food is just, aww.
Waaah!
It's not good.
Not good.
There are some Dutch treats, but believe me, it's not the food.
You might put some other things in your mouth that you might consider a treat, but not the food.
Trust me.
But I hope these guys do real well and I'm glad they're here to give me nice puffed piece.
Hey Justin.
Bye, bye, bye!
W to QAN.
QAN.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, I'm calling.
And I'm speaking.
Uh, to make a, is Neil taking any calls or not?
Yes, right now.
We're starting speaking to you.
Oh, okay.
Perfect.
Yeah?
Neil.
Yes.
Yes.
I'm calling because you remember when you said the two guys that do the midnight show that you say they don't have any competition?
Yeah.
Well, they do actually.
And what's that?
Well, I've heard, I've tuned because I've sometimes, you know, wake up during the middle of the night or something and say, yeah, let me see what's on the radio.
And there's actually other stations that do have tonsils at that time.
Believe it or not.
Local talk shows.
We're all trying to talk about something.
Let me tell you something.
One of them that I can remember was actually, one of them actually was from Cuba.
Yeah, that's a little bit.
At night for whatever reason, I don't know how come the stations from over there can make it out of here.
Yeah.
And there's another one that's called.
And they're speaking in English?
No, no.
I'll point that out.
Well, what do we care about those big stations?
Oh, no.
I don't care about that.
No, that's true.
But that may be one of the reasons why even they had the, the numbers a little bit lower.
So, another thing is there's the show that I did get the channel called mundo.
On the cable.
Yeah.
On the cable?
Yeah.
Okay.
Have you seen that show at 10 a night called chat?
Shack attack?
No, chat.
Chat?
Chat?
Or chat?
Yes.
Chat?
Yes.
No.
Oh my goodness.
That show is like, wow, it's out of this world.
George should like it.
Yes, really.
What they were talking about was.
Oh, well, yeah.
Did he ask?
Pretty much.
Wow.
Yeah.
That's a pretty flushy channel I got to say.
What time is that on?
That show is Monday to Friday at 10 p.m.
I'll be glued to it.
And let me tell you something.
They're very liberal.
They've talked about, you know, game, everything.
Game masturbation, yeah.
Oh my goodness.
Great masturbation.
Great masturbation.
Bisexual masturbation.
You got to check it out.
I will.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
And now we know why he gets up in the middle of the night.
I discovered it by accident.
It's channel 71 on your cable.
And it just seems to be a flush.
71 on a cable here.
Yeah.
Right now there's some crappy cooking show.
Well, it's better than watching.
Second question I was going to ask.
Spodee the eighth beetle.
I don't want to see him again.
I mean, what else he's told?
Oh, they got a cooking show on there.
Although these two people are pretty ugly.
The pimps and then they show like news clips.
Well, maybe this is Aaron Cheff.
27 after 10 at 5.60 WDQM.
Hey, speak of that.
What a great segue.
They're making a look at that.
They got to walk out.
They're doing the aerial pose.
That does look good.
It looks almost as good as the beautiful delicious stuff you'll find at the
Emokoshtowne's buffet.
What a great segue.
Thank you, amigo.
And start watching some English stuff while you're at it.
By the way, well, he would.
If the English people would put some good naked people under too, but we won't.
That's the sad part.
Anyway, you'll find three Emokos locations sunrise north Miami Beach in a brand-new and in
Pemberpines.
Start out with mouthwatering six different kinds of soups.
You got that?
And then all kinds of succulent entrees.
Dozens and dozens of them.
It's a sea of beautiful fresh delicious food.
Oriental surf and turf on the weekends with the last king crab, a New York strip steak,
made to your order at the gourmet center, a sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki steak.
What is it?
Shrink.
Shrink.
Shrink.
Shrink.
Shrink.
Shrink.
Shrink.
Shrink.
Shrink.
You darling too.
Cooking all of their fine cuisine with cholesterol free oils.
No crap, baby.
None of that garbage, none of that MSG or any other stuff.
And there were, Faye features a full sound bar, brand new Succi Bar, and Fresh Room cocktail
too.
And of course if you bring along your crowbar and stuff it into your pants, you can squeeze
a room and then surf really.
Because the m干 is ull, isn't it?
As you can!?
Tossing out pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream all over your favorite toppings, fresh fruit,
even that pink stuff.
I think they'd be calling watermelon.
We sure don't spid off the seeds, they'd get really upset.
3 locations for you.
They're in sunrise, pine island at a 44th street.
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd,
North Miami Beach, and they're at the intersection
of Flamingo and Pemberg Road in Pemberg Pines.
Emerald coast, except for reservations,
take on delivery available as well,
call 954-57238-22.
954-57238-22, for more information on the Emerald coast,
don't forget to check out the new Oriental Chicken Salad too.
Fly high and local,
near Sports Radio 560,
S-U-A-M.
Chocolate or Ditty Cockets?
Uh-oh.
Mmm, I'm the leader, I'm the leader,
I'm the chairman,
with your fucking yellow teeth so far apart.
Another train-looking.
I'm the leader, I'm the leader,
I'm what you be doing.
Get the old-fashioned black-dirt,
token-smart-a-tholve.
Is U-take, because you were at home,
brutally grown?
Is U-de-black-d-e-ant-ch-e-m-me-me-who-be-smart?
Does they like how you shine their shoes under-leather?
How's the way you watch and talk the whities cause?
George and Junior say he trust you,
unbelievable.
Hello, George.
And then scrub the floor.
They tell you don't wear sandals,
can't only flow,
your concept only makes them wanna wretch and you.
Your nappin' egg-a-lookers like it's even flow.
It's your pee-what-you-to-be-set-token-stool.
One day while you pee-flippin' pancakes,
you may realize that they're treating you just like your esterone.
That's when your head will move from side to side,
from the leas-o-it's a bush and rummage.
They be crackin' at home.
10, 34, 5, 60, the reason I played that,
we had a fax about Condolee-the from Lawrence and Miami.
You says, please put Condolee-the-rice on your list.
No. She's sexy and smart. No, no, thank you, Lawrence.
Are we putting her on the list? I don't think so.
Let's see, roll the next update.
Former Celeste's voice, Howard David,
is now hosting his own Morning Show on WQM,
sports radio 560 in Miami.
He'll be the voice of the NFL's Miami Dolphins on QAM,
starting this coming season.
David retains his- I know he doesn't.
No, it was Monday head for the Westwood Mall, not.
Neil Howard David was the voice of the Celeste.
Yes, he was. How many jobs was he fired from?
Could you play Fat Boy Bits?
Oh, I know who this is from.
See, the only reason I read this is because he did not identify himself.
Chronic David, Fat Boy at the top?
Yeah, well, I didn't look at the top.
Yeah, that's him.
Chronic David, Fat Boy, I've said,
why don't you just hop on Fat Boy when it comes back from Vegas, okay?
I'm sure he can get you into that chair.
Who is the artist that does this?
I smoke to a joint strike that I haven't heard on the air for a while.
I'd like to find it on vinyl.
Let me know. We don't know.
We don't.
We don't know, but I will plan.
Remember, that's a cart we found.
And no one claims that it was theirs.
Well, I'll be God damn.
Hello, George.
Here's a facts from George with a G who says,
good morning, Neil and George with a J.
Your tone sounds great today.
I kind of like the tone today.
It's okay.
I give it about three and a half on a civilian basin.
Until the Rady's Nazi came in there.
With those awful month by those monthly's men,
it just depressed the crap out of me.
I thought, you know, Neil,
that's another thing.
There's another way to look at it.
The fact we had no billboards.
The audience says no one hell I'm coming back.
After you keep knocking the numbers down, knock them down.
Takes me weeks before I get the audience back.
And I keep telling them you're dead.
Carlos is not.
And he said, that's right.
They're not going to all like magically come back.
Right.
After you've been gone almost all summer long,
and George is driven away with all that disgusting spick talk,
with all that tongue and the old sphinct your talk.
Who now wants to hear that?
Man.
So what's that? What channel is that?
What is this crap?
Oh, I'm moving right now.
Some crappy old Julio Mugan later on,
they have all these guns.
I said they're going to pay for those.
They're going to pay for those.
They're going to pay for those.
They're going to pay for those.
They're going to pay for those.
No, we're going to pay for those.
They're going to pay for those.
Lucy.
Lucy, same old crap, man.
You've got to tell you one thing about you guys.
You're sensitive humor.
You're more than a Canadian, Zay.
Anyway, it says your tone sounds great today.
More hair hat might be out of town today,
but almost back over his hair piece this morning,
went around across my driveway.
Have you ever noticed how many times Mo,
we peed himself after he's told a joke,
a joke that no one laughed at?
It's as if he thinks that the listeners are guilty,
he didn't hear him the first time.
Mo, Mo, we did.
We did hear him the first time.
The reason we didn't laugh is because you're not funny.
And rape is not funny, you don't forget.
Goldie, you better work on that.
Fully life ears are you'll be next.
Have a great weekend since Listen to George.
Yeah, guilty didn't promote our show today,
and I'm really pissed off and fired up about that.
What a quizzling.
What a what a what a whim.
That's what the numbers were crappy.
That's right, because they're not promoting our show.
If they were just get on there and say that
Faggot is on anything,
just anything, just let them know I was here,
or then they might think it was George.
Well, they were promoting the moron hour.
Who's the hottest of them all?
Yeah, that's right.
They're promoting, maybe that'll turn it around now.
Who's into the moron hour at nine o'clock?
You'll hear more.
There you go.
Maybe the maybe thing will turn around now for us.
Four two four two and two six.
Kind of a four two at a month for him, huh?
That last one.
Two six.
But the whole station went into crap, right?
It's just one of those things.
If you, in fact, I don't know what I'm getting excited about,
because if you look at the monthly's,
the four week thing where they break it down in the book,
it doesn't mean anything.
Because they have these wild, wild swings.
Anybody who believes George had only a five, three,
and August is probably right.
But I mean, what is that all about?
Now let's also go back to those again.
I see I keep bearing them at the bottom of the thing,
which is good, because it takes me a long time to find them.
Kill some great time.
Just fumble around, run it down, fumble around here there.
Thanks to the ratings, Nazi.
That was a good line, muffins.
About time it came up with one.
Anyway, let's see, 9 to 1.
Well, what's the big deal?
You're tied for fourth with the five.
There's a big deal.
EDR, hot, big, and QAM.
Okay, that's in the first four weeks.
Then in August, big, EDR, radio, or Nazi.
And you're still fourth with a 5.3, okay?
And then I come back and we dropped to five.
See, when I came back in September,
dropped all the way down to number five.
So here's George.
Hey.
We're going back to the old show the way it used to be.
A lot of crank calls, a lot of crap.
Yeah, and then little to raspberry guy,
we're going back to that.
In fact, we're starting on Monday when Carl's
is going to have to answer the phone.
What's wrong with that?
I made a man to the phone.
When?
When he was working for free.
Oh, there you go.
And now that he's going to get paid maybe someday.
Now he especially better be the answer in the phone
because if he wants to ever see the color of that paycheck.
Oh, that's the phone.
By the way, here's the color of the paycheck.
Or is this in that color?
Oh, isn't it really?
Well, I get the whole thing.
But that's why you don't get a color paycheck.
You just get the hope that there's something
that shows up in your bank account.
Hey, your bonus is on the way out here.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The toys T-O-Y-E-S recorded smoke two joints.
Really?
Yes, sir.
Well, thank you so much.
We never knew that until this moment.
Your moment.
That our version because there is a difference.
Are you sure it's our version of it?
Uh, well, I'm thinking of a version that I hear you play most often.
That's the one.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks a lot.
I'm writing that down.
I've got to be more stuff from the amounts.
T-O-Y-E-S, the toys we're going to play right after we do the break.
How do you like that?
My, my, and look all.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You way, you way.
Oh, too much.
You're in trouble.
Oh, we're fine.
I want to give you a kiss.
I hope to join in the morning.
I hope to join tonight.
I hope to join in the morning.
I hope to join in the afternoon.
It makes me feel alright.
I hope to join.
It's time up here.
It's time up here.
I hope to join before I smoke the noise.
And then I smoke the voice.
Oh, my daddy, it was so me.
It's time you see, hard-looking man.
My mom, she was so me.
It's time you see, best you can.
I'm the same.
I came from me.
It's hard work, good.
And hard work, fine.
It's first take, where to head.
So now I hope to join when I get up.
In the store, I hope to join.
I hope to join when I play video games.
And there's every 10,000 voice.
I hope to join.
I hope to join.
It's time up here.
It's two in time.
I hope to join.
I hope to join.
And then I smoke the voice.
Oh, my daddy, it was so me.
It's time you see, hard-looking man.
My mom, she was so me.
It's time you see, best you can.
I'm the same one, I met them.
It's time you see, best you can.
It's time you see, best you can.
It's time you see, best you can.
I hope to do it any morning.
I hope to do it that night.
I hope to do it in the afternoon.
It makes me feel alright.
I hope to do it this time of the day.
As do it that I'm full.
I hope to just be boys.
Hope to join.
And then I hope to most do it.
That's what I do.
Hope to join.
So that's what's worth doing with me every morning.
Hope to join.
So that's what's worth doing with me in the afternoon.
Hope to join.
Yeah, with you other.
Hope to join.
And with you other.
Hope to join.
I know you want to say that.
Hope to join.
Hope to join.
Hope to join.
Hope to join.
Hope to join.
Here are the facts that says I smoke two joints by Bob Marley.
No, not that version.
I'm sure Bob Marley probably smoked it and sang it.
But nevertheless, is that Bob Marley?
And now it's not a bit of a good time to be talking about Bob Marley or any other Jamaican people.
You think?
No, they're out of favor right now.
They're out of favor.
And could it be Jamaican right now?
So all you Jamaicans out there just lay low a little bit.
It would be a good idea.
Just lay low.
Have some jerk chicken.
They just asked a poll question around CNN a while ago and they just showed a result.
Should the person, the sniper be given the death penalty?
89% said yes, 11% said no.
How can 11% say no?
Huh?
There are those people.
I don't care who if there are those people.
This case they have to make an exception.
89% said yes.
I'm not going to be the link to this.
No.
No, it's not going to be any link.
Now what about the kid?
The 17-year-old kid?
Because you know what's going to be in the trial.
They're going to say that he gave him the crackers.
He brainwashed him.
He, uh, you know, abused him.
Right.
He was like, hey, what do they call it?
Oh, he wasn't a kid in that victim.
What do they call it?
Like, had he heard Stockholm's syndrome?
It's like the Stockholm syndrome.
Right.
And I've been to Stockholm.
I didn't see no syndrome there.
The only syndrome is a lot of drunk people.
That's a beautiful city, by the way.
Let's go to Stockholm.
Get there a lot of here.
Let's go anywhere you get out of here.
Let's get out of here.
God damn it.
Sitting here, looking at these numbers, looking at all these
spick stations.
Man.
Spores and shfows and shfows and spows.
I'd grab out there in a goddamn turnpike.
I looked at my left.
I looked at my right.
I can't find any white people.
Not one of them.
Forget about good looking white people.
I'm just talking about white.
You got to start with a white.
White.
Yeah.
All I see is a bunch of spooks.
Yeah, I see a bunch of camel humpers.
Yeah, yeah.
That figure is probably your palace.
Who's the hottest of them all?
Britney Spears has got 50 on our poll today.
She curious right on her ass.
Oh, see there you go.
Here's the crank vote.
I knew there had to be one.
I thought that I thought that the crank would have disappeared already.
I thought they got them up there in his blue caprice.
Britney Spears 50.
She cure a 46.
Mariah Carey 45.
There is the one to put the spotlight on.
I'd bitch with her one big breast.
And by the way, Louis Miguel still says no.
And Armigirl says no too.
JLo 14.
I mean, even with her big fat ass,
Halley Berry already cut up there.
She wasn't even out in the beginning.
14 for Halley.
Palley.
Christine Aguilar in nine.
Nine people.
I think wine Mike voted a few times.
Paulina Rubio's only got eight.
Christine Aguilar has got one more vote than Paulina Rubio.
Nobody knows who she is.
Whew.
Tom Brady's got six.
He's a lot prettier than most of these on the head of him.
Pink has got six.
Madonna five.
And Rican Grique has got a pair.
Jerry Ryan two and Tom Walling's got a pair.
A feet.
He's got a big pair.
Size 14.
Anyway, I had several people fix me this one.
It must be pretty good.
I did already a print of the sound.
One of my bedtime stories.
I don't want to do too many bedtime stories today.
I think what I'm going to do is like October November December.
We'll do the fallbook.
And I don't know what we're going to do.
You know, I'm going to be twisting between.
When the ratings doxie comes up with those men 18 plus numbers,
then I might have a change of altitude.
Follow what I'm saying.
Follow what I'm saying.
I'm taking these calls.
I don't count anybody that's missing.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
Even with all the bedtime stories with all the,
what is it?
Periodic audio.
I don't see anybody missing.
They all seem to be there.
They're all accounted for.
Follow what I'm saying.
Yeah.
No, I still think I could sit here as long as I'm,
I could do like a farting sounds on a year for like the next three months
and probably do better when we did the last book.
That's one.
That's a good idea.
Noone, one day, yeah.
And Wednesday will do the comedy bits.
I'll run the other days that we will do the farting hour from noon to one.
How's that?
We have some wonderful party, a farting gift for you.
We have a CD full of it.
If it was good enough for Hollywood squares and those other shows
would always have great farting gift, it's good enough for us.
Why not?
Probably knock that fat rush right off the guy day here.
Just blow him right away.
Paul Krebren writes in the New York Times today,
Dead Parade Society.
This is good.
I did read this.
I have it in my pile.
But since I've had 45 people faxed at me already,
Paul writes a few days ago the Washington Post, Dana Milbank wrote an article
explaining that for George W. Bush facts are malleable.
In fact, I read that article on the air, remember that?
Yes, yes I did.
Documenting dubious, if not wrong, statements on a variety of subjects
from a reaction military capability to the federal budget.
The White House correspondent declared that Mr. Bush's rhetoric has taken some flights of fancy.
Also in the last few days, the Wall Street Journal reported that senior officials
have referred repeatedly to intelligence that remains largely unverified.
The CIA's former head of counterterrorism was blunter.
Basically, cooked information is working its way into high-level pronouncements.
USA Today reports that pressure has been building on the intelligence agencies
to deliberately slant estimates to fit a political agenda.
Reading all these euphemisms I was reminded of Mardi Pahathon's parrot.
He's pushing up the disease.
His metabolic processes are history.
He's joined the Quarron Visible.
That is, he's dead.
And the Bush administration lies a lot.
Let me hasten to say I don't blame reporters for not quite putting it that way.
Mr. Milbank is a brave man.
He's paying the usual price for his courage.
He's now the target of a White House smear campaign.
That standard response may help you understand how Mr. Bush retains a public image
as a plain-spoken man when, in fact, he is as slippery and evasive as any politician in memory.
Did you notice his recent declaration that allowing Sodom Hussein to remain in power
wouldn't mean backing down on regime change because if the Iraqi despot meets you in conditions
that itself will signal that the regime has changed?
The recent spade of articles about administration dishonesty mainly reflects the campaign to sell war with Iraq.
But the habit itself goes all the way back to the 2000 campaign and is manifest on a wide range of issues.
High points would include the plan for partial privatization and social security
with its 2 plus 1 equals 4 arithmetic.
The claim that a tax cut that delivers 40% of more of its benefits to the richest 1% was aimed at the middle class.
The claim that there were 60 lines of stem cells available for research
that promised to include limits on carbon dioxide in an environmental plan.
More generally Mr. Bush ran as a moderate, a united, or not a divider,
the economist endorsed him back in 2000 because it saw him as the candidate
better able to transcend partisanship, now the magazine describes him as the partisan in chief.
It's tempting to view all this merely as a question of character, but it's more than that.
There is method in this administration's mendacity.
For the Bush administration is on extreme to a leadist clique trying to maintain a popular facade.
Its domestic policies are designed to benefit a very small number of people,
basically those who earn at least 300,000 year like Carlos,
and really don't care about the environment or the less fortunate compatriots.
Through this basis augmented by some powerful special interest groups,
notably the Christian right in the gun lobby.
A wildest coalition can raise vast sums and can mobilize operatives to stage bourgeois riots when needed.
The policies themselves are inherently unpopular, hence the need to reshape these valuable facts.
What remains puzzling is the long-term strategy.
Despite Mr. Bush's control of the bully pulpit, he has had little success in changing
the public's fundamental views.
Before 9-11 the nation was growing increasingly dismayed over the administration's hard-right turn.
Terrorism brought Mr. Bush immense personal popularity as the public rallied around the flag,
but the helium has been steadily leaking out of the balloon.
Right now the administration is playing the war card in vending facts as necessary
and trying to use the remnants of Mr. Bush's post-9-11 popularity to gain control of all three branches of government.
But then what? There is, after all, no indication that Mr. Bush ever intends to move to the center.
So the administration's inner circle must think that full control of the government can be used to lock in a permanent political advantage,
even though the more the public learns about their policies, the less it likes them.
The big question is whether the press, which is beginning to find its voice, will lose it again in face of the one-party government.
Good article by Paul Krugman, and he's absolutely got his thumb right on it.
And the bad news is they are going to win.
There's a poll in the Palm Beach Post. I didn't have a look at it today. I'll check it out to see if it's still in there.
A gubernatorial poll. Now Palm Beach County, wouldn't you think, is like fairly moderate?
Why? It's not. It's strictly right next to him.
And red necks. It's what? Old people are red necks?
Like, people rich retirees, the Palm Beach crowd, and the most-the-drinking people.
Yeah. And red necks.
Kennedy's lived there.
Yeah.
But Bush is winning like two to one against McBride and Palm Beach County in the poll.
And they were like 6,000 votes.
Now, I will grant you that the right wingers tend to find those things.
And they like, they all jump on there. They spread the word. They get on.
There are daisy chains. Get everybody to vote on those polls. But it was very scary to me.
Because if Jeff Bush wins, I think I might just get out of here again for a few months.
And if it isn't for 20560, you ain't way, ain't way.
Why the, you bastards?
Bit more than ladies.
For a baby smile up like this. And help me say it on one. Come on.
Say, co-pilot, five and two six eggs.
Baby, that's how we need.
We go to the top, tap the dogs. Smoke back from the weed.
As a marijuana purer, we can take our turn. Sing it in dirty raps songs.
Stop and hit the ball like teaching junk. This hill takes from here to Hong Kong.
So roll, roll, roll my junk. Pick out the seeds and stems.
The highest hail of mine through Pond Hill. Stayin' on begging rips.
So roll, roll the 83th. Cadillac is the field.
If it takes him as he needs just don't sell. I bet my caviar wheel.
Well, it was just sunned down in a small white town.
They call it Eastop Pond Hill.
Well, when the Afro man walked through the white land.
House is when I'm a sale.
I was standing on the corner, selling raps CDs.
When I met a little dramatic chair.
I had a ride in my clinic, cause I didn't know I did.
It was the leader of a two-club clan.
We f***ed on the bed. F***ed on the pole.
So long I grew a f***ing apple. Then I f***ed to the left.
To the right. I sucked my f***ing tooth.
To the f***ing turd-eyed. I thought to myself that Steve was shithead.
Got my ass lookin' like a zebra. I put on my clothes and I was on my waist.
Until my daddy pulled up in a shithead.
So I ran. I jumped up the back window. But I daddy, he was waiting.
Why don't you buy my phone? Oh, we need you to the left.
You get me to the right. The mother f***ing hooked my ass all night.
But I ain't mad at her prejudice dad. That's the best damn f***ing y'all ever had.
I had a weed and a bottle of water. I'm a f***ing bear with this just for fun.
Go fuck five and choose the exacts. Maybe that's how we need.
Come on. We can go to the door. Got the dolls. Smoke that dumb weed.
And as a mayor, whatever, we can take our turn. Sing it in dirty raps songs.
Stop it. Hit the bun like teachings. I'm gonna sell taste pump in a Hong Kong.
So roll, roll, roll my joy.
Pick out the season stamps. Fill in highest hail.
My coupon bills. Ain't no taking risk.
So roll, roll the 83.
Cadillac group to feel.
Infotainst semispeedies just don't sell.
I bet my caviar with her.
I met this lady in Hollywood. She had green hair.
But then she looked good. I took her to my house because she was fine.
But she whooped out of f***ing that was bigger than mine.
I met this lady from Japan.
Never made love with an African.
I f***ed her once.
What? I f***ed her twice.
I ate that f***ing like shrimp.
Probably.
So pay that next.
That story's I tell you.
Tell you.
The woman in the heart of Austin.
Tell you.
Had a big, good and big titties too.
So I hopped in her ass like a kangaroo.
See, I met this woman from Hawaii.
Stuck it in her ass and she said,
I lips was bravest.
F***ing was like thinner titties busted up in with her wire.
I get put in her back.
Turn my setters wife in the state of Kentucky.
She said, I frosting chicken if you just f***ing keep her f***ing in her mouth.
It was a crisis.
I gave her my secret blend of herbs and spices.
Go put it on.
To the exhaust.
Maybe that's how we need.
We can go to call.
Got the dogs smoked that gum wee.
And as a mayor, why a bird we can take our turn.
Singing in dirty rascals.
Stop it.
Hit the one like teaching dogs.
Ratings not Jesus brought in 18 plus men.
Are you ready.
And I tell you.
I must be my psychic thing.
I said to this poll today,
Just on the sperm at the moment,
Who's the hottest of them all with briiting business.
And suddenly, I get on the mail.
The TV guide is September 28 to October 4.
What year?
Is it this year?
The 56 year stars of all time.
You're not in here, Maddie. Sorry.
He's the water Nazi.
And the beast is... Look at that!
Oh, it's right up with a tie and a shirt, like a real shirt,
with breathing room inside of the shirt.
Wow, that is scary. The beast!
It doesn't end of the room. And of course, since Mo's not here today,
he's going to tell us all the real stories the way.
By the way, he smells great.
He smells good too?
Yes. Mo?
Got the note.
Oh, brother, you've got to be kidding me.
I mean, I'm a little slow today, but I'm getting tired.
Yeah.
It smells like it.
So the beast is going to hop on the scale to his Friday way in for balance for life.
And it looks very enthused about it today.
So you get the belt.
No, you're not enthused.
See, or nearly, you don't come in until noon.
So after he gets on a scale, probably like, he's stuffing his face.
What do you mean, don't forget the belt?
The belt doesn't weigh anything.
That's got a metal buckle.
No, you don't take that. That's only at the airport.
What did you do? He's still got a...
He's an astrosize of some states.
Just hop on the scale, though.
He's got a 227 and a half last week.
You take out the wallet and the keys, not the belt, you idiot.
See, you know nothing about being fat and hopping on the scale.
You take out the wallet, the keys, the change...
The shudera.
The shudera.
The shudera goes, oh, that's a...
You kid me?
Yeah, oh, he's not too happy with it.
What is it?
226.
Wallet's wrong with that.
Let's hear it!
Another pound and a half, 226.
I went jogging this one.
So that's 58 pounds.
58 pounds.
He's approaching that 60 pound mark.
He can do it.
We'll get him down as low as our numbers.
Not that low.
Let me mark it down.
Let me mark it, please.
Ah!
226.
He started at 284.
58 pounds for the Beast on Balance for Life.
He says no more Boba Ghanouche, by the way, Troy.
No more Boba Ghanouche.
So we'll save this for Monday.
Okay, that's right.
He won't be here anyway.
Well, Carlos will enjoy that.
That'll be an easy show.
He'll be listening and taping and taking notes.
50, 60 stars of all time.
Well, let me take a look now.
What Maddie just brought me?
The rating's not see.
Man 18 plus 6 to 9 a.m.
In the first four weeks, Moe had a 4.8.
He was like number seven.
W. I. Oh, look at all the, uh, Julio.
I'll write you on more.
And then look at this.
Even Ray, the radio on more to show you how many Julios.
I told you it was, forget about this summer book.
Why do we even dignify?
We shouldn't even pay for it.
Kill some good time.
We're talking about it.
Radio on more of 7.5.
Howard Spurm of 7.2.
Does anybody believe that?
No.
Oh, man.
That's, that was one of my months.
Radio Mambe, uh, wacky radio.
Another six station six point seven.
Hot, another Sp...
A show station six five.
Radio Suave.
Radio Suave.
When they play Huchi Kuchi music,
had a five six,
EDR a five five,
and Moe had a 4.8.
Moe at least was the number one a.m.
Good for him.
Wow.
What a disgrace.
Then Moe had a four five in the second four weeks.
I think that was because of a beast book.
Some good guests that week.
In the middle four weeks,
that was August the four five.
Big was there.
Howard was back on top of the seven nine.
Radio Mambe, six nine.
Radio Ritmo.
And then CQMQ FM.
The six station is just banging away and banging away.
And what do I tell you?
There's no white people learning the summertime.
Who now they're going to give diaries to?
And then in the last, uh...
In August and September,
Moe dropped to a two three.
To 13th, tied for 13th,
with RMA,
Radio Romancea,
and Radio Suave.
Big six eight.
Radio...
It's all fixed.
AQI, Radio Ritmo, Radio Almour.
Man, oh man alive.
Although, look at that,
IOD had a three nine at month and a morning,
and Moe had a two three.
So the Moe, they listen.
I guess, we just didn't get anything at all in September.
The whole station.
It's a luck, I say.
Take the summer book.
Let it out, throw it out.
Bunch mid-cannot.
I wish.
But, let's look at nine to one.
Look at whose number one air in the first month,
in July.
Us?
You.
Well, I was on two days a week,
but I must have made the difference.
Did that make a difference?
No.
5.8.
EDR was tied for second with hot,
with a 5.4.
And that interesting EDR and hot,
were tied for second.
The two schwarzers stations joined at the hip.
I wonder what's his name?
Ethnic Sands.
I wonder which one he listens to.
Radio Big had a 4.9.
I'll radio Big.
Now, let's see.
That's nine.
Nine to one.
How do you like that?
Although we don't have the individual hour in there.
You probably don't want to see it.
The second four weeks, which is August,
four point for you,
which was an eight.
Big had was number one.
EDR, radio Mambe, CMQFM,
no speaking English,
Radio Omancia,
Radio Ritmo,
just fix and fix and fix.
And then, look who was number one in the last,
in September when he came back.
I mean,
7.5.
Now, I see something that makes me feel like maybe somebody
might be listening when I'm on the ear speaking.
Number one with the 75 and number two with CMQ with the 6.1.
So, we're moving in the right direction.
Like I said, we're not changing the thing on the show.
Well, no,
anybody that would change based on the summer book has to be
a more on any way,
although I probably am,
because I'm working here.
But at least that's something.
I knew I could,
I knew I could get him to bring me something in here that had a number.
Ha, ha, ha.
See, that's the way you do it, folks.
When the numbers come out,
you just keep looking and looking and you find one that looks good.
Oh, there's my number right there.
Yeah, there's the month.
That's the one that's accurate.
The rest of it, throw it out.
Pick me between 18 and 18 and...
I want to walk the mad dog,
the angry puppy,
the hostile hound.
Many 18 plus.
And the first month,
the whole station's done good in that July.
And that's because I did those two shows a week from
Termano and what I remember to help was.
Actually, I didn't.
I didn't do this first show from Amsterdam till July 9.
Because they didn't have the line in.
I wish you could have seen Bob Vermuth.
I wish you could have seen it.
I mean, this man,
he spent almost...
How would you like to go to Amsterdam
and spend all your time on this phone down in my basement?
I mean, it's not a lot of fun.
And then of course that crappy meal we had.
That awful meal where he was screaming about the screw-in and...
Roy!
7.4 for the mad dog,
1 to 3.
Thank you, Rating.
It's not so you'd end a great job.
That Maddie Bell,
you know, in spite of what you're always saying,
he's not that bad.
I mean, personally, he's, you know, a third.
But, you know, as far as the station is concerned,
he does this a lot of good stuff.
Even though he hates you,
rats on you all the time.
Let's see, the middle of four weeks,
that was August.
Number three in no,
mad dog, six weeks down.
Now, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
See, I don't understand that.
Does that make any sense?
Isn't he supposed to have had a huge number of dogs?
That was meant 25 to 54.
And this is many team plus.
So...
So which men aren't listening to?
Yeah.
You know the olden's.
I don't know.
That will have to look when a whole book comes out.
We'll see men 18 to 24,
and then we'll find out what the story is here, okay?
Then we'll find out what the goddamn story is.
Because what is it?
You stop short.
What?
Five-nine, time for your IOD.
Six-six, which is what's IOD?
That's a Lard-ass.
Fat-ass Lomba.
One to three, right?
He's new to three.
And then EDR was second with a six point.
Well, you can't beat them schwarzes.
And then, in the third month,
in September, Maddie Bell grabs to a four-aid.
In...
Drop to fourth.
IOD.
Now what else IOD got on?
Like I said, Lard-ass.
Lard-ass.
Now what about...
What about when...
I was on.
In September.
Me, me, me, me, me, huh?
What about me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me?
Well, let's see how Lard-ass do it here.
Look at that.
Only a four, four.
Nine to one.
Well, that's Dr. Laura and one hour of Lard-ass.
So there we go.
So we...
The verdict is that we have no idea if there's anybody listening or not.
You know something we don't care.
I got three paychecks in my pocket with the roll.
Do I care about numbers?
George doesn't care because they hate him anyway.
Even if he has a good number, they still don't like him.
So he figures they deserve to get a crappy number.
Treat him like crap, Pam Garbage.
Don't give him his bonuses.
Of course, he blew us a bonus anyway.
Although, I guess I blew us a bonus.
Too bad.
Anyways, eleven after eight.
It makes very little difference.
Eleven after eleven.
You wouldn't get it anyway.
So what's there to do?
Look at all the aggravation you'll save.
We're worrying about looking on each pay stub.
Looking on your stub.
It's not going to show up anyway.
Just like Carlos Paycheck that he thinks he's getting.
He thinks we're joking him.
Eleven after eleven at five, 60, WQM.
Here's something that you can get at the very low price
to when it's all real mad.
Pop some in your post.
Start taking this good stuff.
And they've got a whole series of different products
designed to help your health.
They've got one for your heart, one for your blood pressure,
one for your cholesterol.
And they've got three brand new ones now to help you sleep at night.
So you don't have to worry about listening to the dirty boys talking about fat ass.
Weight management has been speaking to fat ass and coq10 for your heart.
All using the benefits of the best olive oil on the face of the day.
You can buy them with vitamins, minerals, herbals.
All kinds of good stuff in there.
Olive met is an outstanding new product and more and more people are popping every day.
And you can pick them up all over town.
You'll find out your public stores, records, Walgreens,
for more info call, Oliomaid Tool 3 at 1-866-Oliomaid.
That's 1-866-5366333.
You can also order their products online at oliamaidamerica.com.
And if you visit your nearest publics and buy an Oliomaid product and date a Broward,
you can get you a free coupon.
This is so exciting.
I'll most likely drop a load on the cheer here when I read this.
You can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll.
Well, supplies last.
Don't forget to visit their sampling provision at sports center every Sunday too,
when the dolphins be playing home games.
Pick up free Oliomaid samples and product information and start popping some real soon.
I'm going to look all this.
This is 566.
The radio is on your side.
You am.
Bangin' in the butt, honey.
Welcome back to the highly rated Mohaud and David in the show.
Putting to my own's.
Travegation.
Okay, stupid. Where were we?
We went to remit.
No, wrong.
You were doing that to me.
Oh, yeah. Sorry, Mo.
That's better.
Oh, rendez.
Chris?
Hey, I didn't see you could see that, there.
Okay.
Or rendez.
Now you.
Chris.
Carter.
I'm not in that.
Or rendez gets me.
That's that's it.
That I might watch you.
Poop.
Or rendez.
He's up with you.
Sorry, Mo.
We got one of our three very important callers on the line here.
WQAM, what do you want?
You're more.
I just can't.
You're mine.
Can I spin it out?
What's your cake?
Oh, wrong.
You don't understand the goddamn thing you're saying.
What do you do?
I'm playing with my very poker.
I'm all head down.
Oh, that's quite understandable.
Why are you some time here?
Help me out.
Help me out.
Yeah, you'll be.
You'll be.
Dad!
Sorry.
I'll be.
You got me told.
Almost there.
See you all happily.
All right, baby.
Arrrrr...
Arrrrr...
Arrrrr...
Run, baby.
Help me, you're on this.
Help me, you're on this.
You're on this.
You're on this.
You're on this.
Don't run.
Uh-oh.
Look at that.
I've got it all over my wicket.
I'm getting pounded.
That's what it sounded like.
It's 1117 at 560.
Nobody comes to the beast left his belt in there, huh?
the beast you left your belt in area beast you better come back and get it okay would be pretty
embarrassing if he went out in a parking lot and he couldn't have to make a belt for me and Carlos
hands fell down don't be picking on another man has lost damn near 60 pounds 58 pounds and I'm
pretty proud of him okay I'll also say one thing boy he walked he made that turn around that
corner there to that scale at medical scale we got he's got an ass the size of Vermont yeah I
have the size that it used to be there in fact that's only one cheek you know how Vermont and
New Hampshire like side by side by each as they say Vermont New Hampshire that's one one cheek
is Vermont the other one's New Hampshire and he's from that general neck of the woods oh this
story I definitely got to do I'm getting choked up in here you think it was him because you say
he smelled real good maybe had like some colon honor having an allergic reaction yeah seriously
that's my reaction to the beast well that's because he used to work on a morning show uh wait
and he hear what school this is student government passed a resolution Tuesday condemning any
attack on a rack by the Bush administration after a heated debate in a narrow vote the assembly
of hundreds wrote as a 20 to 17 vote was read by vice president Stacy Cornelius guess what school
this is do I get a hit no well the newspapers in the the daily Texan I give up University of Texas
oh how do you like that another shocker thanks muff it says this makes the statement that the
student body of the nation's largest university and in bushes hometown feel that an unprovoked
war is wrong said sd two year I had large representative John Buckley off to the resolution
and a key mediator in the evenings debate ready for that University of Texas the eyes of Texas
are upon you George W and they're not too excited about it the anti-war resolution taught by
most representatives to stand little chance of passing condemned Sodom who's saying but
opposes any preemptive attack against Iraq any Iraq attack the bitter debate fought not only the
resolution but the assemblies right to vote on a resolution at all for those of you who feel it's
inappropriate to debate foreign policy within the student government institution please realize
that it's more inappropriate that people die at the hands of the U.S. said addner uh amber no vacay
journalism graduate student the votes are precedent for the assembly said Buckley who rallied the
support until minutes before the meeting start been during a liberal arts representative since
supporting a preemptive strike against the Iraqi people directly involved the university
Durham called the U.S. Energy Department's Academic Strategic Alliance's program which involves
universities he said in the production research of weapons of mass destruction advocates for
the resolution argue that the U.S. had supported Sodom previously and a hunger for control of the
world's oil supply weight heavily in its push for war representatives will be held accountable
for their votes at Andrew Dobbs a communications studies freshman we will make sure that whoever votes
against this resolution will be out of this room next year Dobbs said opposition we give the
credibility of the resolution declaration that it's authors the younger conservatives of
Texas vehemently objected to any variation from the congressional package past last week and became
our rate acclaims that bush mongers terrorism in other words it can handle a truth university of
Texas the rising i'm gonna try to do this but i'm not really sure if this is gonna play or not
on here this uh damn thing quickly uh cn Airco stop your player uh stop your player
oh you're you're playing it yeah that was that Shakira oh well good for her stop your player
and then go back have a back attack okay well i stopped the player i went back i'm clicking play
on this thing see that's the only problem there's this long lag on these goddamn things and they
click and they tick in the uh rams with spick and by the way my name is actually when people write
songs they write about some kind of love more than likely a romantic love which is probably the
most inconsistent kind people have learned to look three or four different people right in their
eyes nowadays they'll death it was partly for any of them dies but there is one kind of love that's
more consistent it's just that kind of love this is there anything i can do for you let me know
and if there's anything you can do for me i sure would appreciate i'd like to thank everyone in the
motor city for making lean on me the number one song and this year i never expected it i'm
very very grateful thank you very much
musty calorie, salt and nineteen hundred and seventy two, direct him to the terminals at
sock number eighty eight, on top one hundred, there's a count down in order i do your say
that is layla five twenty five but i'm max kicker
the sound of seventy two
and i'll use your orbiting object a secret satellite has been launched from somewhere around the
North American continent the location of its touch down destination is known only by the big agents
in first the guest exactly where the satellite is going to land and it's yours and cklw will
fly you there to pick it up i could barely hear because of the word it came up from the office
all i heard like you have wanted i can't believe it
all sound of seventy two have a happy new year with cklw
cklw
cklw
motor city mark one thirty of a big eight with max kicker and salad goal this is probably
magama 1970 for a little love of ideas and i don't think you're going to mind it all
go mama jerry must have loved Lincoln park are you ready to remember you're gonna believe now
a moment from yesterday
you were killed
you know
uh uh uh don't touch the dial
oh what's your game here
well first cookie roll my new shoes then i discover that baby dumpling finger painter on those
contracts mr. dillard stand on with me so you put my little finger in the pencil sharpener
oh that's not what mr. dillard's full-gear no don't be blinded shoes i got a very spooked
fifty percent off blindy and with the fifty percent i saved our body new coat
how about a day with that one
blindy and with the forty percent i saved our body new dress of thirty percent
of
day
well we'll die with sick cookie on blindy and what about baby dumpling for five dollars tell me
what blindy did with a thirty percent off she saved on the new dress
because you bought the egg with a paint brush you could repaint and put up the new storm windows
and look here we got thirty percent i saved on the dress i bought you a paint brush now you can do
the storm windows jerry cookie
jerry butchered a Lincoln park you just won a whopping five dollars
i'm not a star
i'm not another moment to remember next hour of the big
age
the big ace in complete control
Dave shaper show my favorite
the stock you want
i'm Dave shaper
and i guess who
if we're to come see from the headlines and follow your donor
come on
cut it out
bless ever since
and you have control of me and we are in complete control at the very moment on the
day shaper shows we rise and shape arise at six times and see k
and w
boys maybe i should
rise some boys right seek out on your sports the fist and swap one one seventeen to one
of five to milwati and on the capitals the new lion coach the renders latest afternoon
against the york rangers and the south field scouts three to gold diggers nothing
golly jeff chanson getting a shot out my clothes
if you sing it
it's Kevin jangling towards some goals there i lost my voice at that game
what's that?
is it like coffee?
how would you make tea?
you know what i really like is
chocolate milkshake
you're not so weird
doing bang jowls
ck i'll double you with a lady's choice because your daughter to hear uh
falling is singing on stage
is it a clay force here?
five
you
ck
you
ck
you
three
four
five
eight 20 minutes before three this is mark daily cklw 2020 news the heavy snow drop by mother nature over the weekend is keeping
many Detroit suburbs clogged
especially north of the big city public schools in the motor city are open today with the exception of denby which is closed for furnace repairs
sarnia 29 cleveland 31 to ledo 29
this is mark daily 2020 news
this is rangel carl oil 2020 news
ck
oh i love it
love it especially davis shaper he was great
anyway there's something really smells rangel here so maybe was the beast
i don't think so
not seriously that's why i started gagging your car there's something
oh man maybe it was the erratives not see i don't know
but either somebody dropped a bomb or something
here's the fact this is i love george over the summer he was great i'm wondering when the george where regga's bobblehead is coming
she wants to know when you're coming i would be sure luck to bobble his head
sign a sweet in my wrist not cute
psl youtube but not in that way well thank goodness sweetheart okay
but works out for that because i'm spoken for that's what Tommy Brady said
1127 at 560 wqm is there still a human out there not plunging their guts at vip sportsbook.com
well let me tell you you make it a big mistake because
in spite of all those other ends out there you better be careful when you hand your cash over to
when you want to plunge because a lot of those sportsbooks are located in some 10th world country
like david county but vip sportsbook.com is the only one you really need to trust because they're
unanimously endorsed by all the industry watchdogs and they're Dutch based in a real country
and one of the first online sportsbooks ever and if you go on a roll of a lifetime if you do get
lucky you want to be at that time hooked up with the best sportsbook anywhere people you can trust
in that's vip sportsbook.com would a football season go and crazy right now get a hooked up
with them right away if you open your account online you get you a 15% cash son of bonus they've
got the highest probably odds going anywhere up to 2001 get over to vip sportsbook.com and play
at a book with some real class call 1 866 vip bets that's 1 866 vip vites and you can also don't
forget like i said sign up or not to get that 15% cash son of bonus vip sportsbook.com where you are the vip
we're sports radio 516 uam
Friday you bastards see it all at the sex museum see and in a coles butt blog the back seat of a
Camaro the original joy jelly made from christgo and on his personal kit start vibrator inflatable
valve inflatable sheet with your gears durable collection with chains lender john homes and
jostrad well chamberlains couch by the gulloski's blue dress like all jatsom snow sada mousay's first
lover lembera she's fish and candid videos of bill clinton yeah yeah yeah she it all at the sex museum
family chamber saw 623 in the witty city flying with a hit cloud with playing the new ones in three
and that was baby oh yeah he has five band double nothing you well as you try to
with 635 at a Sunday night resending the first annual wls his parade a war show been
we
tell all the right your name of the dress and get it into the last radio huh it's gonna be a year of
years so many good records this year to be kind of hard to guess uh kind of hard to guess
for your favorite artist or already put in my bed i said i told the boss i said man of the Beatles
when i want to go there it gives me award huh how you gonna get there you want to buy you go pay
me
you're looking at my nation i can breathe easier
wanting to be here yesterday ron rally wls remember him ron rally no they're train monkey not
another right now he wasn't he was very good and he was no a rick rally okay look at a poll what
did i tell you that the nuts cases out there again 359 votes you buy now no who's the hottest
the mom riah carry 102 that's just because you you written he spear 72
Shakira 68 Halle Berry 31 see we didn't have Halle on it earlier because you really
screwed up on that big time my bet 31 J.O. 20 Christina Aguilar is 16 Paulina Rubio 11 oh that
makes me want to sit here and cry Christina Aguilar couldn't she couldn't kiss Paulina Rubio's
hands they don't know who that she couldn't lick her left cheek even with that nasty fork tongue
she's got that pierced tongue she's uh she is gross Tom Brady nine she's pretty jerry ryan 8
pink is got eight in greek a is got six he's also very pretty Madonna six and Tom wellings only got
two this audience is not into smallville i don't even that's probably why i forgot to watch it on
on that that's why September was on that you came back started talking about us now we're not
talking about smallville anymore i killed September with too much times of welling and swelling
no more i'll just keep it to myself okay i will not talk about that's what my galsity
said too much of that fag talk killed the show they banter too much gay banner kills the show
the social agenda yeah but men 18 plus i brought us back and that's because i got all those old
cockers out i mean all those old codgers yeah did we figure out what that was yeah no but not
till we get the actual book now what is the book come in ask a muff while she'd before she goes
out to lunch find out when the actual physical book comes in probably Monday and of course you
won't be here on Monday no you'll be tuned in okay here's the promo is here's a whole bunch of
important for you join mark our lemonade and joe custell the sapnoon three to five of the
public's on us one and southwest two oh fourth street in Miami stop by to win prizes registered
when tickets to the big race in November i have no idea what that means so well there's the race
have a name wouldn't you think i'm sure i don't care look for the qm van from new to two at
guss machado for tomorrow at twelve hundred northwest forty nine streets stop by to win prizes
enjoy free food from a linux city subs where i were mixed the difference it ain't no quiznos though
what is it we're not allowed to say which race why not
i heard him say the name belongs to bud wiser yeah
and oh i see it's a my star lemonade promo so we don't want to say bud wiser in the same thing
anywhere where i were mixed the difference and say i'm supposed to separate this because we
don't want to do bill sideline guss machado together but i'm not a space space i can love some
space in it we talked about the bud wiser okay we talked about kud wiser join jorge eleven
and one of our bills idols bull about us saving they don't care anyway of bills side i have no
idea who George is what this is all about probably who's a count is that who's a count is that
you know
hello mo oh johnnie mo johnnie mo mo ralus he's still here you've got to be shmit me man how can
that kid still be here he is as clueless as the day is long i haven't seen him in like a year if
you gave him a compass in a row map he came in here briefly when i came back after my long
absence and i said are you still here and he ran out of here him and skippy was right on his ass
anyway george will be a bill sidel on the north west thirty-sixth street just where
twenty-seven i would remind me the reason they don't know about this is probably it's a slyter
you know what i mean you probably just wrote up the deal and they don't know about it i'm sure
fat boy tell him how to do that stop by to win crappy prices enjoy free food of my landry cities
subs where yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda what did i get
a lot of free plugs now i'm not so many more free plugs for me okay now that d ifo's out of here
he gave them a fifty million dollars worth of free plugs that was enough five six seven oh five
$560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Is there anything else I want to play today on my real player?
Should I put it away?
I guess I'm going to put it away.
Fold it up, fold up my tent.
There it goes. We'll save it more for next Friday.
I like playing those.
I like them. They're fun.
Even if it was only for just the old jingles.
And educational.
Educational like they were like real personalities on radio.
And it wasn't just a ju-box.
And it was fun.
It was fun to listen to it and not just, I'll tell you.
The radio now, oh.
It makes my teeth ache.
And you know who I listened to briefly yesterday afternoon?
Oh God, talk about Tampa.
And what did I tell you?
This man is Tampa radio revisited.
And he does the show in Tampa.
Smith, Shish, Shish, Shish, what's that?
What's his name is?
The spit show.
And believe me, he lives up to his billing.
It is the worst part of it.
I remember.
Awful. Well, you won't hear it work because there's nothing but promos and spots and spots and promos.
And then once in a while, he'll come on.
He was playing a clip yesterday from the moosey man.
When I was listening for about three minutes.
And that's all I could take.
He was playing the moosey man.
And the moosey man was doing the thing about the duck tying the rope around the duck.
And he kept playing it over and over and over.
And that was supposed to be funny.
Which wasn't even funny the first time because we all heard it.
But he just played that about it.
And they went back to do another commercial break.
He didn't.
He doesn't have any show.
And what little show he does have is vintage Tampa radio.
It's WFLA and it's worst at its worst.
It makes blobos sound good.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
Terrible.
Like I said, it makes blobos sound exciting.
But he's got a number.
The.
The shit.
The shit.
The shit.
The shit show.
He's got a number in there.
And I would, in fact,
let's take a look.
Okay.
Three to seven p.m.
Is that is the on all four hours?
What time is he on?
And do we know?
36.
3 to 6.
Well, if Hank's got to get that six o'clock hour, so to see.
Let's see.
Hank had a 4.4 in men 18 plus.
This shit, shit, shit.
He had a 4.
Which I still don't understand that.
How can I have anything?
It's a horrible show.
He must just get the slop over from Rush.
Right.
He sounds like Rush Jr.
He's a ditto head.
Yeah.
But the show is from Tampa.
And it's also from a hunger at the same time.
He's not about, you know,
he's not in Jacksonville.
Some really heavy-duty markets.
Oh, he is out of these.
He's in some other markets, Norm Answering.
20 till noon at 5.60 WQM.
It's really as a sh-sh-sh-sh-shmit show.
You know, I don't want to get out of bed this morning
because I knew when I got out of bed I'd have to come here.
Plus, when you get such a great night's sleep,
you just want to lay there and snooze away all day.
But the deal is, a Dalai Amatris,
you can get the same kind of great sleep.
If you woke up this morning feeling cranky
or like you didn't sleep or wink,
then do the smart thing like I always do call these experts at one 800 mattress like Miguel did.
That's the number four dial amatris when you call these people you'll be guaranteed a great night's sleep for years to come.
Dial amatris carry only the best makers in the universe they got silly and served a Simmons King coil in every size and every comfort level,
which means the mattress you want is in stock available for immediate if not sooner delivery.
Recently they had a set up lovely Miguel with a new bed he's loving it, although he had to take all his clothes off before they would set it up for him.
The folks at dial amatris did what they said they would do no BS no excuses no bait and swish just a comfortable relaxing night sleep for Miguel and his lovely fiance or whatever she is.
What is she? I don't know.
She's a Italian.
She's a Italian? Like I said when the crew from dial amatris got to Miguel's house they took away the crap you old betting stuff and it wouldn't even cook some pasta.
Don't be tempted by stories going out of business who can't deliver now through the end of the month dial amatris offers free delivery.
Well they were boiling water I'm not sure if was for pasta or something else. You can get a free dial amatris delivery in just two hours and we're going to give them to our window that you provide like new to do one to three, etc.
depending on where you live. Don't forget for a limited time delivery is free so pick them up the phone and call him right now sleep like a baby like I do in Miguel and that the wall call one 800 mattress one 800 MATT RAS for dial amatris brand name beds for busy and busy people.
I'm not a little. This is 20 or 26. You way up.
Don't have a penis.
I'm exhausted.
It's time to get it on.
It's 1146 at 560 WQ in the mad dog and one we got boot Shambi going to be on a three from ESPN zone in New York.
What does that mean from the ESPN zone? Do we have any idea what that means? What's between here and there? Is that near the end zone?
And then you got the day wants that you would five thirty followed by who does call us football preview with Clarence with Joe Z and Donnie B Jr.
And then in the K after all about has arrived in the ESPN radio overnight because it's Friday and we got that big leading from all on Sunday night which ain't helping much.
Val Po Man found guilty of mutilating chicken somebody just facts me this very important story Val Parazo, Indiana another horrible place.
A high profile animal abuse case resulted yesterday in a guilty fighting against local resident Michael Bessigano.
The thirty-year-old was found guilty of stealing a chicken in May 2001 and killing the animals part of having sex with it at a local motel room.
Well, at least he took it to a nice motel.
As a result of his prior criminal record of animal abuse and theft, Bessigano was further convicted of a felony charge of cruelty to an animal as well as being labeled a habitual offender.
He could face ten and a half years behind bars when sentenced November 4th. Are you going to tell me something or like it's a sports bar in Times Square?
We don't care.
The findings of guilt were made by Porter Superior Court Judge Thomas Weber during one day bench trial. Bessigano who wore orange jail-garb and shackles just like what's your name the super lady.
Look down during much of the trial only occasionally writing on a notepad or looking back at the few people in attendance.
Three witnesses testified during the trial but was in 11 minutes tape recording that proved to be the clearest piece of evidence on the tape which was played over the objections of public-defeated Dolores Ailsworth.
Bessigano confesses just aes after the crime to Val Parazo police detective Lieutenant Michael Brickner.
Bessigano said he left his Val Parazo motel room during the evening of May 27 and found a live chicken in a ditch alongside a small farm owned by Val Parazo University Matteacher, Wesley Myers.
He said he put the animal in his car when questioned by Brickner as to why he replied to have sex with it.
Bessigano goes out and described in detail how he put the birds head under its wing so it would sleep and then he took it back to the motel room for sex.
The animal died while in the room and said he chewed the remains in a wooded area near Myers farm.
Brickner said during testimony he couldn't find the chicken, Dolores Ailsworth, the child of the child, fell down the door and found blood feathers and chicken feet in the room after Bessigano left on May 28, 2001.
The stain vetting was turned over to Bessigano's mother who paid $80 for the damage so to deal.
How old was this guy?
32.
32.
He must be another Barry Jackass.
Upon questioning by Ailsworth, O'Neill said there were no complaints about noise coming from the room.
We said he notified police after remembering a news article concerning an earlier offense including involving Bessigano and animal.
Myers said none of his animals ever escaped his property to reach the ditch where Bessigano claimed to have found the chicken.
He also reported two chickens were missing when he returned home from a trip.
Porter County deputy prosecutor is Blair Todd who arranged for all three witnesses said it's obvious Bessigano went to the farm property to take the chicken.
Ailsworth, the client of the opportunity.
I wonder if it was a cape on.
Ailsworth.
Ailsworth, the client of the opportunity.
Oh no.
See, I'm never going to find.
Where's my glasses off?
I'll never find them.
But wait.
I'm getting pounded.
Yeah.
Ailsworth, the client of the chance to go witnesses for the defense.
But use the lack of a carcass or eyewitnesses to argue that prosecutors failed to improve her client's guilt.
Whoever took a short break before returning to find Bessigano guilty, they missed a meaner charge of cruelty to an animal that fell into the counter theft.
Based on an earlier animal abuse conviction involving a rot-wildered dog.
Oh.
In 1993, Weber then found Bessigano guilty of a felony charge of cruelty to an animal.
The habitual offender status was added as a result of previous convictions of theft and attempted theft and rape is not funny.
Could have been a rot island red.
Oh, how sad.
How tragic.
Is another crow when you see him?
I know the crow.
I just had to put my glasses on and I'm blind as a bat.
And don't be calling up Moe Crow and sucking his old ass.
Are you kidding?
Who are you kidding, huh?
Just because he's looking Marlon asked now for five minutes.
I smelled the crime.
I mean, I saw the crow.
I just had to put my glasses on.
Ten till noon at 5.60 WQM.
We got a zillion votes on there.
Some of them are even real.
The Mariah Carey ones are all phony.
That was the crow called in the Moe the other day.
Birds of a feather go to motels together.
That's what I'm hearing.
You think Tom Bo-dead had to light on?
Mariah Carey 102 phony votes.
He's going to be de-cute.
I think when this is all done, 392 votes.
Who's the hottest of them all?
Britney Spears 81.
Shakira 75.
Shakira is right on Britney's ass.
And Liner as a right to see that.
Howley buries moving up 38.
JLo 23.
Christina Aguilar 18.
Pauline Rubio 11.
What kind of a crowd have we got?
They don't know from her.
Jerry Ryan 11.
Tom Brady 9.
Pink 8.
In Greek A. Glacias 7.
Madonna 6.
And Tom Ongo's Moe $1.
Web to 3.
At a boy, Tommy.
He's moved it up to 3.
5.670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
As we continue searching for the reasons why the number is sucked so bad this summer.
Could have been all in bedtime stories.
That might have been it.
That's what Miguel said.
Too much sugar gay, bad or in bedtime stories.
Dominic Q.I.M.
Hey, what's up?
Hey, what's up?
Hey, what's up?
Okay.
Listen, I have to confess.
I do listen to the Schmidt.
The only reason I do is because I get all my sports from that dog.
And then if I want to hear something different, is the only one that's on?
Yeah.
Well, that's true.
There are not too many choices on the A.M. dog.
You got the Humper and then you got to that.
And then of course the Humper I think is making that bad mistake.
I don't want to tell him how to do a show.
But that 5 to 6 hours is just a killer.
You know, it is the same thing every year.
The same thing.
Oh, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I have another Ben already.
Yeah.
And the bank is so predictable.
I have to give it to you straight.
Some short and simple two hours.
And then if something, you know, this thing with the sniper.
And if you want to be informed with something else, he goes over there.
And he has to say sometimes I can't hear him because he carries on.
He takes it out too much.
But he doesn't have any show even if he like what he's got to say.
There's nothing but commercials on here.
There's no show.
That's true.
He has like eight minute breaks in the row.
He pretends he's going to say something and get real controversial and all whipped up.
And then as soon as he's about to say it, all the time I go to a break again.
Yeah, he drives it on.
Yeah.
But like I said, you know, who you have?
Hank is good sometimes, but sometimes we're going to blame it on Bino.
Yeah, Bino's taking it.
Bino and the crow.
Okay, I have a great day, pal.
Get out of here.
Bino and the crow.
They're the problem.
Bino Crow.
Who is that that just stuck his head in here?
What's his name?
What's his name?
You know, it's gotten to the point now where we got so many people.
And that's another reason I'm glad the parts of the Earth that I'm not here.
First of all, not being in town is wonderful.
But secondly, I just too many people here.
I have no idea who they are.
Like the last two mornings in a row, I've gone in there to take a leak.
And both mornings there's this kind of hulky young guy.
I agree.
But I mean, kind of a hulky.
And he's got like a little beard kind of like, is he working on the morning show here?
Is he down at home?
Who is he?
I don't know.
And he's taking the, and he's like, and when I walk in here like the look of panic is,
I don't want to see your goods, okay, or whoever you are.
I'm not, and I'm really interested.
And he like lurches forward like he's like he's trying to hump the urin or something.
You know, like he's like wants to get inside of it.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
You're not a packer checker.
No.
And not his.
Oh.
God, just a thought of it.
And not see that ties right in with that servant of chicken in the hotel.
No.
You don't know who the guy is.
Two mornings in a row.
He works.
He's a rover.
A rover, man.
Both times I go in there.
He looked like, oh no, that's that faggot.
Hey, believe me.
We got plenty of faggots in this building.
Okay, sweetheart.
And I'm not interested in whatever you got there.
In addition to which you'd help it find it anyway.
Here's New England Paul who says to get the what is it?
To get through yesterday.
Listen to this show every day.
Wanted to wish my eight year old daughter Sarah happy birthday.
Could you please?
Happy birthday, Sarah.
Thanks to New England Paul.
What is his port of England Paul who's very upset because the Patriots have been sucking
when the last three games.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I mean, Tom Brady still looks pretty good, but.
And who we got to play this week?
I think they're playing Denver, aren't they?
Oh, that could be ugly.
Although I'd be honest with you, the Denver is like up and down in and out.
You know, that old grease Meister.
They're up and down in and out.
And that game probably is in Denver to in it.
Come on, Carlos.
Get with.
Ask somebody.
They must know something around here.
In fact, wait a minute.
Just a minute.
I know we wouldn't be carrying that game.
What am I looking at our schedule for?
The offends are got to buy a week.
This week, which of course is why Mo was able to take today off and go.
Bye, bye, bye.
Out of town.
The Mo Meister.
Because no dolphin game, given the opportunity to go back up to Meso Pico or.
Can our see where he's hanging out?
Tell all these horrible stories about us.
You especially in Me Meister number two.
Well, well, well, we heard all the real stuff from Westwood one.
We don't need any more information, but keep it coming.
You know, if I had had any idea.
Yeah, I had to say something sooner.
About what?
About how sensitive he is.
How sensitive about his weight?
Yeah, he's his weight.
You didn't say something the other day before you found it.
You said he was fat.
And I said, no, I don't think he's that.
I would have said it.
Home.
The patriots are playing at home.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
They better go stuff their performance against the packers before because the people there were like ready to riot.
It looked like Paul Rivera is ready to come on and have another revolution in New England.
Man, they were foaming at the mouth.
Pretty early performance.
Not just by Tom Brady, but by the defa-
Oh, you can't complain about the defense because there wasn't any.
But anyway, that was last game, Paul.
New England Paul, he's still got his stiff upper lip.
And of course now that the fish are going to take it way up the old shoot,
back to him, and green bay next week, there's hope for everybody else in the division.
Because you just know if Ray Lucas,
if Ray Lucas plays like he didn't have a, like a little girl,
like a scared little girl,
it's nothing to play like a little girl,
but a scared little girl with a bad haircut.
Line in local.
Your sports radio 560s, you a, you a, m.
Hello, it beat it 12 to 1 hour on WQ AF.
Yo, yo, yo, let's rate Paul.
Radio big shot.
Oh!
Yes, now we've asked the time away in the G.O. J.L.R.
I guess it's Madonna.
Yeah.
You're a singer, an actress.
You're a mother.
Yeah.
But emphasis is first children.
No, no, it's my emphasis.
My priority is, um, ask.
Very important.
Very important, yeah.
You know, if you could do only one thing, it would be.
Um, go down.
You've always been good at that, right?
Haven't you?
Totally.
People like to see you go down.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You like writing too?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Love it.
That'll work.
Back with more, don't go away.
And bring a handkerchief and a tissue or two.
And don't forget.
Give me 50 dollars.
So, about 1 at 560, everybody Q.M. Happy Friday too.
We got the mad dog at the one mad dog.
Did the day wants that show?
My mom was just telling me.
Aren't you impressed by that?
Well, he's trying to keep me informed because they screwed up the other day when they didn't tell me that Joe Rose was doing a mad dog show on Wednesday.
They screwed up real bad on that.
I was like psychotic.
When I know.
No, not really a big deal.
All the sort of, but it's, it's something for them to do.
You know, now we got two people making schedule.
Now, who makes the schedules?
Does clearance make the schedule or muff?
Far as I know it's clearance.
Clarence makes the schedule.
I don't really care about that as long as he keeps bringing me the paychecks.
And I noticed that since I've been back, he's always bringing me like more than one check.
I got some checks in here, and I'm not really sure if they're mine or how.
They're just a whole bunch of them, which I like that.
No, you're not, it's not your time yet, Carlos.
Don't be extending the hand of friendship when the checks are being thrown around.
It's not your time yet.
That by the way said it's almost time for lunch, but first he's going to go up and down to hall with his bad numbers and kill some people.
Yeah.
Not that he's upset about how about the numbers, but he would just like to kill some people.
Two minutes after noon at 5, 16.
In fact, he said he was going to start with George, but then he said that I had the bad month and he gave me that evil eye, you know.
He gave me the real evil eye.
That was that was.
Yes.
Oh, speaking of that, army officers are advancing soldiers with Dildo.
Yes.
A Russian company commander has been beating his soldiers with a Dildo.
Maybe it's the one he stole from Roy.
Captain Danmyr Iliasov.
This is not, I checked, this is a real story.
I know it sounds Iliasov received a two-year suspended sentence for battering his abortance with a black latex baton shaped like a male sex organ.
That is the one we used to have in here that Roy stole.
Oh, man.
If they would have just known that scram was a...
That's not a ton.
Do we have our baton?
There you go.
The soldiers, however, said the military court hearing that the commander only hit them lightly.
In other words, they were lightly whipped, killed.
According to the Gazeta, the story came to light after a Russian-Roslohn match nap deserted from the humans based in the town of Verknaia, Pishmo.
He was recaptured in military.
Oh, there.
Look at that.
That's a bute.
And that's got a handle on it, too.
That's got like, hey, whoo!
Where did that come from?
Oh, that's a bute.
That's got like a policeman's handle on it.
Like a night stick.
It's not a night stick.
It's a night something that rhymes with stick.
Yeah.
Roy!
Boy, it's a good thing that...
It's a good thing that Muffgot had out of here before you whipped this baby out.
Let me tell you that.
This is called the Doc Johnson man handler.
Yeah.
It came with its own story, most important.
He still mow comes back on Monday morning.
You know what?
I think I'm going to like stand the window there while he's on.
Don't misplace this baby.
It says a...
And just whip this out.
Show him a thing or two, okay?
A firm fulfilling...
...on a handle.
Wow.
Look at that thing.
Man.
Now, seriously, it's a good...
In fact, it's a good thing you didn't have this out when another crow was in here either.
Because then dark folks for some reason, they see one of these.
No, sure.
And they're eyes down.
They're all around like pinball machines.
Exactly what they're talking about.
Probably use some heavy duty damage with this thing.
Anyway, he was recaptured military prosecutors intended to charge him with desertion.
But the soldiers said he fled after being unable to put up with the relentless taunting that Iliasov, his company commander, directed at him.
The prosecutors checked the soldiers claims which sure had to be true.
The captain carried out so-called night formations in his unit,
waking the soldiers at night lining them up to check their uniforms.
Those who were not looking after the uniforms properly were beaten with a dildo, which Iliasov had bought in a sex shop.
Well, I bet you they got some of these.
Oh yeah, just like this one, I'm stood on.
Actually, there's one such shop in Amsterdam on the corner of the Rudavastelline, where they have a golden dildo.
It's on a string and it keeps like bouncing up and down.
It gets it, bobs and weaves and moves.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And it's appropriate that we have this.
It's very, very appropriate, very phallic after we got screwed with these bad summer numbers.
Look at that. Mariah Carey still stuck at 102. I can't imagine why.
Maybe the nutcase had to go out to lunch.
Pulled today. Who's the hottest of them all?
Brittany Spears 87, Shakira 81, Halle Berry 44.
She's moving up fast. J.L.O. 25, Christine Aguilera 18, Polina Rubio Stilling-Gutler.
They just don't know who she is.
Jerry Ryan 11, Tom Brady 10, Pink Behaven 9, and Rieke 7, Madonna 6 in Tumbling 3.
Well, that businesswoman, Donna's got 6 in Tumbling's got 3.
Rieke's infuriating to me. What is that?
This came in the package. It's the strawberry flavored motion lotion.
That's motion lotion brand, sexual lubricant.
While President Bush was on board Air Force 1 that day of 9, 11, 2001 attacks,
he was unable to hold video conferences, monitored and news coverage properly,
or received key data from people on the ground, business week reported in its newest edition.
The magazine said that there's a result of communications inadequacies on the presidential plane.
Bush ordered the equipment on the fleet of four presidential planes to be upgraded.
The president was not happy. Admiral James Ellis Jr., Commander of the U.S. Military Strategic Command,
was quoted as saying in the November 4 issue, he couldn't even watch CNN.
Ellis added that they had Bush flew around the country for his safety after the attacks in New York and Washington.
It was only when Bush landed at off at Air Force base in Nebraska that he was able to use strat com sophisticated equipment
to access the situation and give orders to the magazine said.
Air Force Colonel Robert Hudson was quoted as saying less than $50 million made available after the 9, 11, 2000,
wanted to upgrade the presidential planes and two of them have already been completed.
If anyone watched CNN, how do you like that? Or cartoon network.
Or cartoon network which really frosted his ass.
God. Oh, I love this story.
Pumpkin carving kit firm Susan Amartha Stewart.
Oh, yeah, true story.
A company that sells pumpkin carving kits is filed along suit accusing Martha Stewart's company of patent infringement
adding to the domestic divas legal woes.
All right.
Denver based pumpkin masters alleged in a federal lawsuit filed Wednesday that Martha Stewart living on the media ink
is marketing and selling pumpkin carving kits that violate its patent.
Pumpkin masters is seeking unspecified damages.
Company officials could of course not be rich for comment because everybody's mum.
They're probably carving them because it's getting close.
Stewart is chief executive in chairman of the company bearing her name.
A message left Wednesday out of the company's public relations firm was not returned.
Pumpkin masters lost it against.
Stewart is the lady of several.
The company has filed around Halloween when various pumpkin decoration kits hit the market.
Fast defendants included key mark corp and craft general food sink.
Unfortunately, I don't see Walmart on there.
So sorry about that.
Oh well, I tried for it.
Don't forget this afternoon. Join that party.
Why can't we say Budweiser?
Don't say that.
The big Budweiser race November.
Join Mark's heart lemonade and Joe Costello this afternoon three to five at publics on US one in Southwest 204th street in Miami.
Stop by to win prices, register, win tickets to the big race in November and ask him how come Niels numbers were so bad in September and Georgia's races rating so mediocre all summer long and ask him how come his numbers sucked.
Huh?
I just waving this around like a wild man. I'll tell him like a magical wand.
It is big and black like with a handle.
I never saw one like that with like a like a night stick.
So you can get a nice firm grip.
Yeah.
It's eight minutes after noon at five sixty W.D.Q.A.
And I'll tell you he's got a grip on life and that's Tom Layman down there at Haleth Potty Act GMC.
He's got a firm grasp on the situation, which is why they keep giving you such great deals to make sure you keep coming back and people do.
That's why they're still going strong after 35 years and that same amazing location.
And with Halloween here, Tom says no tricks this year. Just treats.
It's the great 0% Halloween event that's going on right now at Haleth with a proof credit you heard right from GMAC.
You can get 0% financing up to 60 months on all two thousand and two Pontiac GMC models and select two thousand threes or take you a rebate up to four grand.
Here's even more good news. No payments for 90 days.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy loaded by motor trend as SUV of the year and CD all new Pontiac vibe SUV.
Vibes got the power of a big fancy sports car but like I always tell you at the fresh to the price and it definitely ain't no Corvette.
Haleth also got a stupendous great dependable selection of fine used cars, trucks and SUVs.
And if you're worried about your credit, the other guys in town just laugh at you when you walk on the lock.
Haleth will cut you deal no matter what the deal is.
It's the grade 0% Halloween event going on right now at Haleth Potty Act GMC at 134-01.
South Dixie Highway that's on US run right across the street from the falls open every single day seven days a week.
You can give them a call 305-238-4040. That's 305-238-4040 but better yet this weekend hop on down to Haleth Potty Act GMC who be professional grade.
My and local this is 430-560-118.
Friday you were stings.
Ladies and gentlemen the former president of the United States.
Good morning. This is the former president of the United States and current king of the Chapequois Happy Hour.
Bill Silver Fox Clinton.
How are you? Recently people have begun to blame me for the sorry state of the economy.
I'm here to tell you that when I was in office I did nothing wrong.
More accurately I did absolutely nothing at all.
Sure I signed a few bills, made a couple of speeches.
But mostly I just ate pistachio ice cream and took pornographic pictures of my dog buddy.
I miss him dearly. I have a new dog now but I'll never forget buddy.
In case you don't remember he was run down by some debut title of the stick so far for Keester she apparently didn't see a live animal wanderlustically in front of her beamer.
The father sent me a box of hand-rolled Cubans to make amends.
Of course I already have all the grounds keepers I need.
If you recall the economy was wall to wall and tree top tall and I was your commander in chief.
Of course I could have had something to do with the fact that I was feeding now in Greenspan cumin in like cough syrup.
People seem to enjoy having a buffoon in office.
That's why I'm encouraging my wife Hillary to run.
Actually the real reason I'd like to see her run for president is so I can get some kuchy up in here.
Can you imagine having to be saddled up with Hillary?
Last night while I was laying in bed I rolled over and caught the shadow of her on the wall.
I swear it looked like out for hitchcock.
What it finally did splashed down in bed.
Its hairy legs cut me in four places.
I need a 13 stitches and a technical shot.
But I didn't meet an attractive emergency room nurse.
I'm here to announce a special deal to boost the signing economy.
I built Clinton former president of the United States.
I'm going to begin to open a string of karaoke bars across this great country of ours.
Papers have already been signed for a location in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Eugene, Oregon, and I'm dealing with the Disney people to try to secure jelly rolls on the board wall.
Take over that whole deal. There's only a couple rules to build Clinton karaoke bars.
Women must be topless and you can't have a stink on you.
I love you, Mark. I miss you.
Prove 16 at 560 WDQAM.
Are we, uh, no one to call or what?
Or are they done with us?
We don't know.
567O because I got a whole bunch of bedtime stories here that I haven't gotten to.
For example, FBI wounds are possible terrorist attack against transportation systems.
And right on the heels of that story report US unprepared for another terror attack.
Uh-oh. Really? Uh-oh. WDQAM.
Yes, uh, uh, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Oh, okay. I just want to say, uh, you money.
WDQAM.
Yes, I'm on the board with any secondary thing.
Like I said, I think the calls are done WDQAM.
Wow.
Okay, let's get back like I said to my friend.
I, I, I didn't say I thought that they were finished.
Yeah, you were.
They might have been weed, but I guess they were finished.
FBI wounds have possible terrorist attack against transportation systems.
The FBI issued a warning to state and local law enforcement officials nationwide yesterday
about a possible attack soon against transportation systems, especially railroads.
Officials said the warning based on information obtained from Al Qaeda prisoners suggested that terrorist may try to take out bridges,
key sections of tracks or train engines in an effort to cause the
elements and widespread damage.
Homeland Security director Tom Ridge was contacting key state and local officials
to urge their health and vigilance and warning off any such attack.
Have you noticed by the way, didn't increase the warning, uh, the, the, the, no, no.
No, not this close.
We can have you for the election.
It's stuck on yellow, baby.
You ever see how the traffic lights sometimes get stuck?
That's this one is stuck.
New York governor George Pataki said there are threats in those out there who are looking to do us harm here in the US.
Very profound George.
He said Ridge did not identify any specific target in New York, even so Pataki said we've contacted the MTA, the Port Authority,
local law enforcement put out an advisory across the state to make sure that the public is vigilant.
And we are vigilant in protecting public services and infrastructure points across this state.
Separately, US intelligence has learned that Al Qaeda supporters may be planning strikes on ships in the Persian Gulf and nearby seas,
said one official speaking of course on tradition of anonymity and right in line with that, which doesn't help you feel greatly confident.
The next terrorist attack ends.
The US could be more deadly and disruptive than the 9-11 attacks.
Former top government officials, academics and business leaders warned in a new report.
America ruins dangerously unprepared to prevent a respond-away catastrophic terrorist attack on US soil.
Said the task force, chaired by former senators Gary Harde Colorado and Ward Redmond of New Hampshire, the report was released late yesterday.
Few ships, trucks and trains that enter the US each day are searched to report said emergency personnel are unprepared for chemical or biological attacks.
Oil refineries and energy distribution lines could be sabotaged.
State and local police to lack access to State Department terrorists watch lists.
When it comes to combating terrorism, the police officers on the beat are effectively operating deaf dumb and blind, it's said.
That sounds like we all confidence ought to be high. Or maybe we all ought to be just high.
The report comes a week after CIA director George Tenet warned that Osama Yamama's al-Qaeda network is likely to strike again against the US sometimes soon,
and that the current situation is similar to what existed before the 9-11 attacks.
Tenet previously said a terrorist attack would be more likely if the US takes military action against Iraq.
Because a US passport without a major terrorist attack against the US reports says there are already our signs that Americans are lapsing back into complacency.
That's why when you go into the tea room there in the morning and somebody's taken a leak off to your right there and lurching all over the urine like you know who it is,
you damn well better find out who it is, especially somebody like a little beard, little growth. They could be packing a bomb.
He had a little growth. That's probably why I was hiding and lurched inside that. That's what it works for me.
Rubbin and Hartland had led a previous commission whose warnings in January of 2000,
and the modernity likely little catastrophic terrorist attacks seemed prophetic eight months later.
That commission created by Congress had the threat of international terrorism was growing and recommended creating that Homeland Security Agency with that big stiff Tom Ridge.
Hart and Rudman's latest panel was formed by the Council on Foreign Relations and 17 members include former Secretaries of State Warren Christopher George,
and a bunch of other goyms. In a forward-lessly-aged scale, the Council's President noted that federal state and local officials have taken many steps to strengthen Homeland Security,
but their effects won't be seen for some time. You can't turn a nation as large and complex as this one on a dime, Gilbrot.
The Office of Homeland Security's reviewing the Council's report said spokesman Gordon John Drow,
he said many of its suggestions are similar to what Bush has proposed. We continue to implement what we can,
and we're hopeful that Congress will appropriate and enact the Homeland Security initiatives that President placed before them. And the beat goes on.
And they're all twiddling their thumbs in the Ankit and Twiston.
Non-Russians will not be freed.
Tension rebels have no intention of releasing dozens of non-Russians being held in that Moscow theater diplomat.
Said, if you see anything new on this, no, because they're still doing posts sniper hysteria.
Although I will say we were very lucky again with that letter Leon Harris piece when you interviewed the kid's daddy and Jamaica.
That was-
What was that? Nothing?
Nothing? Man. That beat me. Thank you very much.
I'll stall them at the barbeque with all my guts.
It's been- had been hoped that about 75 foreign nationals from 14 countries would be free today,
despite a series of earlier disappointments. Some Russians and children would be released during the two-day siege,
including seven adults and eight children on Friday, but diplomatic sources that pulled CNN that talks involving workers
from the International Committee of the Red Cross have broken down, and that rebels are refusing to free non-Russians at this stage.
About 75 of these 700 hostages held since when they were thought to be from the US, Britain and Netherlands,
Netherlands, Australia, Austria and Germany.
CNN's Matthew Chan said the rebels are saying they are keeping these non-Russians to draw attention and keep international focus
on the plate of the Chechen's and the cause they are fighting for.
They've dashed the hopes that have had been raised considerably. They've dashed it.
I got a very long piece by the way on the John Williams guy, aka Muhammad Schwartz,
and his kid, and his phony kid, one cracker and a honey kid.
But I don't think I want to waste my time with it. You want it or why?
Why? It's boring.
Well, I think that's just boring, but everybody in the world that's all that's on now for Christ's sake.
Something has to happen here in Congress where it's going to make it mandatory.
The police just has to fill out this form.
You see what I'm saying?
I'll save that. I'll put it off for the side for Monday.
Because we sure as hell won't have no phone calls on Monday either.
I'm just to prove the point. WQAM.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
OK.
George, you should do this promotion from a tour to summer hours from, I think, was a club at Lantis.
He's not like some boxing at night. Neil, I would love to see you and Mogul at it.
OK, good. WQAM.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir. Good afternoon.
How are you doing, sir?
OK.
You doing the real radio bits today?
I'm not listening. Now, but I'll listen to night when I go home.
Yeah.
I'd like to respond to a fact you got last week from a listener wanting to know how to record your show.
Look at VCR up to your computer just like you would a camcorder.
Yeah.
A little mini plug that plugs in the speaker outlet.
Yeah.
And to RCA plugs, plug it in the back of the VCR.
And there you go.
And just like magic.
I've been looking at real radio this week.
Sonny Fox was a KHJ.
I don't know if it's the same sonny Fox.
Oh.
And do you know the satisfaction 440 that has all the air personalities?
Yeah.
Somebody posted you on there.
Really?
They only have you working at QAM. They don't have your background.
Thank you for that.
But I enjoy your show, Neil, and keep up the good work.
Yeah, we did do some real radio.
Not a lot, but we did the few minutes.
I'll hear it tonight.
Okay. Thanks.
Thank you.
So there you go.
There's your technical answers.
Don't ask Carlos for technical answers because he pretends he don't even own a computer.
Much less know anything about it.
That damn audio.
What is it called?
That crap?
Adaway.
Adaway.
Oh, Adaway.
Oh, man.
Don't let him peddle that.
He must have some stocking at company or something.
You install that thing and you run it.
And man, all of a sudden, every pop-up had that was ever invented within 30 minutes on your computer.
It takes you like six hours just to get rid of them.
Adaway.
And I think that's what it means.
There were where there's a bunch of ads out there and they're like a magnet, like a magnet.
They drum right to your Dan computer.
They suck them in.
W-Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
It's good to talk to you.
And it's great speaking to you so far.
I'm a long time listener.
My father and me have listened to you for years.
Lighting round days when I used to call you in the afternoon.
Yeah.
Well, we don't have to worry about that anymore because anytime we do take calls, it turns into a lightning round anyway.
So it's going to be a lot of magic.
I know.
You know what?
I just wanted to say something.
I've spoken to George and he's very intelligent, very articulate on the air.
I would rather have the Neil Rogers show as my dad and I knew it all those years ago.
I feel very unfortunate or however you would say it that you are no longer taking calls and having discourse with listeners in this town.
This is just an indication of where this town in South Florida is going to crap.
It's unfortunate, it's sad.
Well, you see basically what it was now, there's about 150 sports nerds that call the sports show and they keep them going.
And it's the same people over and over again every day on all the shows.
And other than that, there are no corners anymore.
Nobody here has anything to say.
Well, it's nice.
I don't have anything to say either, but I just, I want to tell you that the co-communication between your listeners and you is what I felt made to your show what it was.
Well, sir, starting Monday, we're going right back to that.
All calls all day.
No more bedtime stories.
We're going to put the pressure on Carl's making a roommate paycheck.
Listen, I want his brain reading on here.
Nobody under the age of 100 wants to hear some old man reading on the radio.
That's not true.
My friends and I do and I represent the 40 plus crowd in this town.
We miss you.
We miss what you do and what you stand for.
Yeah, and I'm not, and I'm not giving up on you.
I still believe in you.
Well, God bless you.
All right, Neil.
Have a great, have a great weekend.
You too.
See, that was very, very great.
He believes in me.
He believes in.
That's great.
He thinks I can still even in my advanced stage.
You pull one out of the hat.
Rabbit, chicken, whatever the hell it might be.
Chicken.
Yeah.
Or maybe one of these.
Big black up in.
That's going to inspire me to play a big black guy named Ben right after the break.
We got a big black deal over here.
The size of Mount Rushmore.
Eat your heart out, John Holmes.
What are you laughing about?
He thought he was.
I got news for it.
John Holmes wasn't in the same league with this.
They went and come to think of it.
We able to drive sales people out of the studio with that thing.
Yeah.
Chase them right out of there.
Hey, hey, some of them.
Troy.
Pricey's.
They still run right in here.
Just like Roy.
No, no.
I'm getting pounded.
26 past noon at 560 WQM.
You don't think trade.
Suburro Plastices ones.
Yeah, I saw the quote there in the doorway.
That was a very depressing.
I was having a good day until then.
He just he's not a bad guy.
He smells like a French warehouse.
Am I right?
Do you smell him?
Say Carlos knows that the door opened up.
What's that?
Boy, 40 pounds of cashmere bouquet.
Well, I mean, what was your other habit?
First of all, it smells bad.
And when it's got like a lot of telecom.
You can come out around to cover it up.
Anyway, if you love your home, but you need more space, here's the answer.
Do what lots of smart people out there during and George too.
Call strictly additions.
Whether you're having a baby.
And you need another room.
Maybe you're converting a car port or patio into more living space.
Maybe you went into business for yourself.
You want to make a home orifice.
For whatever activities you maybe have in going on.
Subversive or otherwise.
Call strictly additions.
They're your one stop.
Shop your more space for your place.
Place with an absolutely worry free approach to expanding your living space.
Those no-shows by the contractors.
And then it happened.
In complete work, no way, Jose.
No unexpected bills.
No worries about the job not getting done right.
And they take your air fee last.
Possible detail.
They drop all your blueprints.
They get to building permits and all the inspections.
Strictly additions has got an easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction.
First of all, they call this schedule a free project evaluation appointment at your home.
Where a project estimatable to determine the scope of your addition.
Secondly, they schedule a bit of employment in their convenience.
They're going to get a detailed proposal on an exact price for the work.
Third, they select your finishing touches.
Somebody select them and then go to contract.
This is probably the worst piece of copy I've ever had in my life.
And that covers a lot of territory.
Nice going PD Lenny out there in Vegas.
And even when you're out there, they all know that he's an asshole.
Review the design and architecture of drugs.
And then last but not least, sit back, relaxes your dream addition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality.
That's the way it works when you call strictly additions.
Just call them at 9.5.4.7.9.1.8.100.
You can take a peek at what they do and they're adding the yellow pages.
They serve all a Broward and South Palm Beach County.
To make a long story short, they're licensed and insured professionals who want to do you a super job.
Call 9.5.4.7.9.1.8.100 and tell them that old PD Lenny told you to call strictly additions.
My life and locals, this is Sports Radio 560.
You ain't can't weigh.
I June you're honey.
Next week, I'm a soprano's.
Gamola, I'm not a slanted financial papers.
Tell me you got a sign.
I'm not a slanted financial papers.
I'm not a slanted financial papers.
I'm not gonna say that I'm not a slanted paper's.
The sopranos.
Look at the impression of my diars.
What?
My diars saw.
We'll let them air out of my diars.
Did you saw them all?
The sopranos.
Who with the less canole.
I had my mouth set on a canole.
Hey Jay, you fat little, did you with the less canole.
That was angry, right?
Oh, Jesus, I wanted a canole.
Yeah, I have it, I want it.
The sopranos.
Christopher, let me talk to you.
Yeah, talk to these congo pants make my butt look big.
What, what, Tony?
My bond, today look big in these congo pants.
I'm only gonna wax them by.
We don't do that anymore on this show.
It's all about financial papers.
The canole is an appraiser in the diars.
The sopranos.
Should have been me and had caught.
I love them.
My sweet cat.
Bobby, can I fix you some chicken masala.
How about some good jelly.
That's all.
Now how about passing beans?
It's the right chance.
It shouldn't have been me and had caught.
I love them.
Oh, come on, Karen.
Mr. Prano's, David Chase is done it again.
Who could believe he could take a fast pace,
ground breaking series, and make it look like blossom?
Remember the girl with the big horn and the kid who said,
Oh, I'm not used to my underpants.
My underpants.
Where's my underpants?
Maybe David Lache is wearing them.
Wasn't that his name?
From Blossom.
I do remember that show very well.
What a disappointment he turned out to be.
Good for Chris.
He never grew up.
He was still like, he had Robbie Benson disease, you know?
1233 at 560 W.
Come speaking of celebrities.
I almost forgot what all these great calls we had.
I almost forgot the important leftover slap over from Tabloid Tuesday.
Joan Crawford's wild sex campaigns.
What?
Isn't she dead or something?
Something, yeah.
No, seriously, this is good stuff.
Screen legend Joan Crawford, who was a sexual dynamo,
who used your bedroom's prowess to seduce out of his biggest stars,
both male and female.
Among her many conquests were Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Clark Gable,
Spencer Tracy, Barbara Stanwick, who had that big valley,
and Martha Ray, according to the Blockbuster new book,
Joan Crawford, the essential biography, University Press of Kentucky.
For all his good looks, Doug was not that sexually experienced.
He's quoted as saying about second-hubby Fairbanks in a shocking tell-all tome.
I think I taught him plenty of new tricks and from then on.
He was putty in my hands.
The five times wet actress who died of cancer at age of 73 and 1977
once declared that Clark Gable was the best, gushing,
love-making, never felt with anyone like it did with Clark.
Was that Gable or Kent?
The book says that the highly sex star fell hard for Gable,
even though they were both married to other people at the time.
Offer's Laurence Jake Quirk, her friend and confidant for 30 years,
and William Schull wrote,
there is one, this is one of the few occasions where Joan urged her lover
to leave his wife and marry her.
Crawford was married to Franchotte Tone.
Remember actor Franchotte Tone?
No.
Oh.
Well, this is for old, now we got all the old menless,
then this is for us.
Screw you, punks.
Crawford was married to actor Franchotte Tone,
but she had an affair with Spencer Tracy during the filming of the 1930s drama,
Manikin.
His drinking was really a problem, she later revealed.
He would show up for Manik scenes with beer and onion breath.
I was supposed to act all of he would with him when I wanted to gag.
He was like a big child who needed to be spanked.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, great.
He, man, Jeff Chandler had several affairs with Crawford,
but she eventually broke things off of them.
She was very fond of Jeff Vare Tractantoum.
Says long time pal Jerry Asher in the book.
He was in love with her, however, and he took it hard.
And Crawford didn't limit her sexual contoy to leading many,
either she once confided to Asher that she had an affair with big,
valley star, Barbara Stanwick,
while there were neighbors in LA's Tony Brentwood section.
The book quotes Stanwick's former press agent, Helen Ferguson, is saying,
there's no doubt in my mind that Joan and Barbara were intimate on more than one occasion.
Oh, doubt in my mind that Barbara Stanwick was one of those.
Dikes? Yes.
Dikes with a big valley?
Well, what about Joan Crawford with a big shoulder pads?
And the office said, comic Martha Ray,
whose teeth, by the way, are still soaking in that glass.
Comic Martha Ray also claimed to have had an affair with Crawford,
Oscar winner for 1945's Mildred Pierce,
as well Crawford had trist with several young actresses on her early films.
They write, but John Wayne was one of the few men who slipped through her fingers.
The Duke was newly married when they filmed 1942's reunion in France
and was in no mood to fool around with that bitch.
Even in later years, Joan would fume about the man who got away.
Remember the man who got away from, what was that movie, Starsborne?
Oh, that's right.
You remember the good one though, with Judy Garland and James Mason?
No.
You remember the crappy one with Barbara, a four-eyed strison,
and the Chris Christopherson, which I avoided by the poison.
That movie needed to be remade like Dracula needs to be remade.
Not.
Okay, there's only one Dracula.
It needed to be remade like Sherlock Holmes needs to be remade.
There was only one Sherlock Holmes that was Razzle Bathbone.
Guess what? They're remaking it.
What? Sherlock Holmes?
I know.
I know. And who wants to do that?
And they're going to address his cocaine addiction.
Woo! Wow!
And that exciting, they're going to address the fact that he was into blow.
Even in later years, Joan would fume about the man who got away
about the terrible picture she made because she was so hot-former
of Hill the Writers that lousy movie, just because I wanted to get away
in the sack, we hit it off like Philemonion and ketchup.
Born Lucille Billy Lesur in San Antonio, Texas, Crawford got off to a fast start
sexually, seducing her stepfather, Opera House owner Harry Casson,
when she was 11.
Oh, oh!
It wasn't incest-insisted Crawford.
We weren't even related. He was gentle and kind, and I let him into it.
She showed him the way. She gave him a road map and a compass.
I'm going to be ill.
But the illicit romance, and the authors, made her sexually sophisticated
at an early age after which she saw sex, especially with older male
authority figures, as something natural. Joan was very serious about sex.
He's still going on the cheek care about her wanting to exert control over.
In other words, she used it as a weapon.
You know how that works.
No.
Slightly.
How's that pull coming up?
Who's the hottest of them all?
Mariah Curie's got 115 votes.
I'm at 110, her phony from the Nutcase.
469 votes, my ass.
Britney Spears 98, Shakira 87, Halle Berry is moving up the ladder fast.
Better grab her fast before she gets away.
And plus, she's having all kinds of marital problems, too, ain't she?
That's what the tabloid's been saying.
Oh, good.
Yeah, excellent.
J.L.o.27, did I say Halle Berry 56?
J.L.o.27, Kristina Aguilar in 19.
Paulina Rubio 14, Tom Brady 14.
Hey.
Jim Ryan 11.
I mean, Jerry Ryan.
Who else?
Jerry Ryan 11.
A pink 10.
They like it pink.
Like a triangle.
And Greek A. Glacier is its tangent again.
Oh, damn it.
Man.
And Greek A's got eight.
Madonna 7 and Tom Bowling 3.
See that last one really bothers me.
I don't mind if he's only got three, but if he's got three,
Madonna should all points, you don't understand?
Because everybody agrees, even the most homophobic of assholes out there,
even the president would agree that Tom Bowling's a hell of a lot more pretty than Madonna.
Oh, man.
Can you even imagine smelling that thing?
In fact, maybe, maybe that aroma that was in the room before that I was getting gagging over.
Remember I started gagging and choking?
Maybe that was Madonna, because she knew they're fairly close by.
Maybe she was passing by in the hood.
Huh?
Man.
I got one whiff of that thing and woohoo!
Good.
Just about wanted to pass out.
Get the excavation crew out.
21 to 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
My dog will be along at 1 o'clock today.
And then we got booge filling in.
We got black tea, you know.
Because thanks up there at the Chicago and Arlington for the breeder's cup.
And when there's big horse races going on, the Humper is there.
Make no mistake about that.
Plunge in his gut set.
I'm sure.
Delights away, Spoky would like you to come in.
You don't have to plunge your guts there, but bring up a sack of money.
And not all that much money either, because they got great savings for it.
And all your favorite Atkins products.
This is your Atkins headquarters.
And don't forget all Atkins products.
25% off every single day.
And they got a great selection of new low carb cookies to add to lights.
Not just one flavor, but 14 different cookies from three different bakers.
They're all great peanut butter, chocolate chocolate chip, lemon, coconut, all sugar free or low carb.
Maybe they even have crackers with honey.
You can stop by the lights and sample into their products before you buy them.
Try them before you buy them.
And Delights also gave us a look for the new low carb bread called,
simply low carb bread, spread some of the new La Nuba jam on it.
And you got a great low carb breakfast.
Do you try it?
No.
Do you didn't get that low?
No.
I saw PD Lenny in there.
He was pinching it.
And don't forget, is your official Atkins diet retail center, do you like sales?
All the Atkins products.
25% off every day of your life.
And don't forget, they're open every day.
10 to 10 right there in the corner.
Grades in 441 in Boka.
Call them 1877 low carb tool free.
Or see them on the web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget, Delights away Spoky B.
Your official Atkins retail superstar.
5 and the local.
This is 560.
The radio's all yours.
You weigh in.
Friday you bastard.
It's time to get it on.
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
We take a good, hard, stiff look and a startup.
They succeeded with an upbeat song about pulling through just when you think you're going to fail.
Then they failed.
They were swing out sister.
Just as far as I know it is, I can't walk you up to you.
We're gone.
You know, we still get mail from people about how our song changed their lives.
Lying through her teeth, swing out sisters Corin Ruhi lives in a sewer of denial.
Refusing to face the fact that her happy little son did call to get her anywhere.
I'm sorry for Corin.
Myself, I've come to terms with it.
Corin's bandmate, Andy Cunnell visits her often at the home.
I mean, I've accepted the fact that we were a pussy band who didn't deserve more than one hit record.
No!
We suck baby, we're irrelevant.
No, no, no.
Don't stop.
Now you found a break to make it last.
Now we're lame.
Break out.
Come on, sing with me now, Andy please.
If you love me, sing with me.
Come on, go start.
You asked.
Now you found a break to make it last.
You got to find your way, say what you want to say.
Swing out sister.
You can't want a puke, but that's what makes great television.
It's a big juicy, sapping wet look at your business tonight, on inside of a hive.
From 46 at 5.60 to 9.00 to QM, the Mad Dog standing by home here at 1 o'clock.
Look at us, we're standing by also, speaking of standing, we're sitting or laying.
For another press conference in Montgomery County.
No.
Boy, how many more press conferences do you think we need?
A hundred.
When you think we'd have fried them both by now and got it over with and got on with more important stuff.
Fry both their asses is what we say.
And then get that relative from Jamaica, get him up here too, and let's take care of his ass.
That was important.
That was a bad idea.
I said, Leon Harris, he hasn't had the best of weeks, you know, between Kirby Puckett and that interview.
He even better off just saying hello, George.
That was even better.
5.60, 5.60, pounder, not a call on that board.
Trying to do a little end of the week maintenance here with a callers, not one call.
But more important than calls, Brittany's got a crush on a bush.
That's what that's what it says.
This is your fantasy that you've been hoping for, but not the bush you had in mind.
It says Britney Spears list of potential suitors is topped by George Prescott Bush.
The handsome 26 year old University of Texas law student and nephew of President George W. Bush.
The swarthy George P. first old Brits heart during the summer when the former mouse could tear in her girlfriend's fond over his TV appearance in court on CNN.
He was the only member of the Bush plan to show up to support his sister Noel on her drug charges with her donkey face.
The gallon move on Brittany over, thus her infatuation gathered momentum.
She swooned over his handsome cheekbones on magazine pages and even told my source he couldn't even be my very own JFK junior.
Hard to believe but it's true kids.
The sex pot singer who could probably snag any guy younger than 50 in the nation even went so far to have an intermediary send a letter to Florida Governor Jeb Bush's office.
He's the hunks dad, it says.
The letter explained that Brittany admired George P. support of his sister and Bush that she'd rarely found anyone who supports family so lovingly and unconditionally.
The letter also suggested he contact her and hopes to setting up a meeting.
Yeah, right it says translated she wants you to call her for a date dude but no word.
He doesn't he doesn't do they just drives around in your parking lot circles.
He's the nose off after a month the intermediary called George P's dad's office to see if an email address was available so Brittany could send a personal message suggesting next time she visits her favorite playground by me South Beach.
They hook up still no response.
So, a certain reminds me of those strings of emails Spear said to Prince William to arrange a meeting earlier this year.
William also sort of gave her the shaft.
Well, that's what she wanted wasn't it?
By writing back and saying he was too busy.
Maybe George P's lost that he's are keeping him too busy as well.
Maybe they know something that nobody else knows.
You know what I mean?
No, what?
Like maybe it don't smell too good in there or something?
I'll check.
Make it that.
While other young heartthrob actors demand to be waited on hand and put luscious Josh Hartnett keeps it clean.
He washes it a lot I guess scrubs it.
The black hawk downhunk mixed it up with little people recently as he always sorts and washes his own laundry and an LA laundromat.
See I'm sorry.
I just...
That whole thing.
Yeah, no.
Stupid.
My spy witness is to say Joshy reads magazines in between cycles, chats with fans and even shares his own stash of bounce dryer sheets.
One starts to act prey to an borrowed of bounce not so she could toss it in with her delegates but to get autographed by Mr. Clean.
Isn't that cute?
No.
He's lost it.
Oh, I love this story.
Do I have time for unsure?
Because we got a lot of important calls coming in.
W-D-Q-A-M.
I beg your pardon, no chance.
Not a chance.
You kidding me?
Why?
There's a better chance I'm going to leave a million dollars in cash and small bills on your doorstep, sir.
I'm going to talk to your ass on this show.
You got to be dreaming.
The...
Speaking of a million cash, thief loot's Oprah's checking account.
What do we say about that?
Oh, right.
Yeah.
We like it.
Oprah Winfrey is in a panic after discovering that a computer smart crook hacked into her checking account and stole half a million dollars sources say.
And she's not the only victim.
Source to say Oprah's fiance, Stedman Graham's banking account, was also rifle for 150 grams.
Ooooo!
Now the FBI has been called into investigate the 650,000-dollar theft and Oprah fears it's an inside job by some encloser say insiders.
She's paranoid.
Her personal life is turned into what nightmare confines her friend.
To which we say,
Ooooo!
Yeah.
Amazingly, the TV and publishing titan is worth an estimated 900 million.
Didn't even notice the money was missing for at least three months because the amount was too small.
That's right.
What's the half a million bucks when you got 900 million?
It falls out of her purse all the time.
To Oprah losing 500,000 is like you losing five bucks as the friend.
In fact, Oprah didn't even miss the money at first and still doesn't know how long the thief was operating or 500,000 is all she hears she got.
Wait to hear this.
This will make you sick.
Both of you.
While half of America's families have a thousand dollars or less than her 10th or check-in account, Oprah keeps on average a staggering.
Yeah, you're going to be nauseous when you hear this.
Take a guess.
How many million she keeps in her checking account?
Twenty.
Twelve.
She keeps on average a staggering 12 million dollars in her checking account.
Sometimes millions more reveals her friend.
Oh, God.
You owe me 50 dollars.
The talk show Queen reportedly wrote a personal check for more than 50 million when she purchased her 42 acre estate in Montecito, California last year.
Well, then that enough to make you a one-of-a-vomit, okay?
Does she have talent?
No.
Can she act?
Can she sing?
Can she interview?
Is she attractive?
But other than that, how'd you see her dancing?
Oh, she can really do it.
She can cut her rug.
Yeah.
I suggest in her it's cut the crap.
We're supporting you, 560.
You A.M.
The gaggy sucks, okay?
Oh, now what that was at?
Oh, you know what it was?
That's my fault.
You want to know why?
You were listening to the computer?
No, no.
I wasn't listening to any of that.
We were playing a computer before.
My fault operator error.
I feel better.
Let me hand her over to the numbers.
You heard him play his Grammy performance with Rob Thomas.
And on the latest hit with Michelle Branch.
Everybody wants Santana on their song.
So we've compiled a city collection of every artist Santana has ever played with.
Like M&M.
Two Twitter-pong girls go around the outside.
Down the outside.
Down the outside.
Down the outside.
The Dixie Chicks.
Andrea Bacheli.
It's Santana's Wix for everyone CD, including unreleased tracks from Carlos and John
and Tess.
But someday your journey will end.
And I'll be there for you as well.
Yes, he's a guitar playing whore who will play with anybody.
Except of course, Kelly Clarkson.
A moment like this.
No way, man.
Santana's licks for everyone.
Order now and receive a personalized bonus track where Santana plays your very own birthday song.
Happy birthday dear Santana.
Call now.
Okay, well, hey listen, I'm just distracted.
Okay, I'm thinking about what he just said about Enrique.
The tickets on Monday.
That's right.
And the mad dog was in here.
We had a wonderful chat.
He said he had a great day in Michigan.
Couldn't understand why I'm in such a great mood today.
And I pulled out these 15 checks that Clarence gave me this morning.
I also mentioned that Moe wasn't here and then he understood.
He said.
All right.
So that he said because I heard you asking.
Maybe saying he doesn't get promoted.
He said you're talking about my partner, mother.
Effers what he said.
And Lack is asked off as he was saying it.
Hey Moe, it's not personally.
It is personal.
I take that back.
It is personal.
We just don't like you.
We don't like your attitude.
We don't like your nasty smelly, tasty to pay.
We don't like the the pouch, the punch, whatever the hell it is.
We don't like the way you dig through out with all these nice people.
Carolyn and the beast, all these others.
And Browby, guilty.
He's got guilty man right where he wants him under his thumb.
This morning we're doing the cross over there.
Geldie don't even mention my name.
I'll, uh, the Moe master.
Very, very sad.
But what the hell can we say?
Let's take one or two calls before we get out of here.
What do you say?
I don't think so.
What do you say?
They're ringing.
They're ringing off the hook now because they know what's the end of the week.
And they, oh, also I should mention that's for real.
Woody Gray versus we got a bunch of 10 pair tickets for the Enrique concert
to give away on Monday.
So talk to all your Julio friends over the weekend and say,
hey, I'll use fix out there to any of that the faggot on Monday because it's given even if they don't like me.
I don't say Maricone.
That's right.
Grande, Maricone Grande.
Grande Simon.
WQAM.
Hey, yes, sir.
When are you going to stop this Newsy attitude?
To what attitude?
Newsy.
This Newsy attitude.
There's another one.
Oh, a Newsy attitude.
WQAM.
Hey, you know, sir.
A couple days ago back you talk about the no promotions.
I got to tell you about experience.
They were having a QAM thing at a publics and they made you walk up to the table to roll a dice to get a six and a five.
And guess what?
You got a few one.
A pen.
Woo.
Have you do it, baby?
So I didn't win the Mike's lemonade pen, but I got to get, I got to buy a six pack.
Excellent.
And this weekend, if you're up there, might even let you spin the old wheel.
It was so hard to eat it.
Okay, have a great weekend, sir.
Hey, listen, we don't have any budget.
Don't be blaming Miguel or, you know, Doreen.
And she's probably eating up all the profits back there.
That's the problem.
She can't catch him, Miguel.
She's very frustrated about it.
So as a result, she just eats up all the goddamn profits.
That's why we have no promotional budget here at QAM.
No bumper stickers, no crap, no nothing.
The mad dog is next.
He's in rare form today.
I just have that feeling.
And then the boogster with three.
And then after that, you don't even want to know.
Bye, bye, bye.
The new Roger Show.
I'm classic.
The new QAM.
Miami for LaRale.
I have no life.
I have no foreskin.
I have no penis.
I have no foreskin.
I have no foreskin.
