57% of the people had one answer that was right. You know what I'm saying? There were two of the three answers that were acceptable.
Then that's not as bad as it looks on the face of it.
Even your own people disagreed with you. Well, that's too bad.
Because many of my own people are full of crap.
Anyway, we asked yesterday, should Augusta National be forced to admit women?
Much later on, I got a little piece by Rudy Marzko and that because they're not backing off.
Those militant bitches, those dikes, they're not backing off.
But anyway, should Augusta National be forced to admit women?
No, it's a private club. Three of them, 36 people said that. 43.2%.
In other words, it's a private club unless they want to get in.
Then of course, different story. I don't care. Golf is crap. That was an excellent response. 286.36%.
And the correct answer, yesterday discriminating 153.19.7%.
So anyway, speaking of American Idol, which I'm sure George Washington's in thirdity last night, all two hours of Pandora's boredom.
Not a second of it. Neither did I.
Another shame. So how do I look when you talk about it? Well, anyway, Matthew Gilbert, who writes for the Boston Globe,
I saw, I got 50 different reviews of that show last night, including a great one in the National Post year in Toronto, but it's too long.
Scaving, just ripping and scathing. And isn't it great that TV continues with their originality?
Yeah. You know, this Simon Cowell, who is a caustic bitchy britz, is the key to all of these shows.
First it was Ann Robinson, and now Simon Cowell, you know, bitching people out nasty British caustic assholes, which you know, I guess it's been redundant.
Yeah, but he's a snappy dresser. Is he really America crowns Kelly Clarkson, it's new idol.
I was reading quotes from some of these broads out there who have evidently have no lives at all.
And they were saying, Oh, gee, now what are we going to do? I mean, we devoted our whole, we devoted our whole summer to the show.
And it was like the centerpiece of our lives. And what do we do now? And I'm thinking to myself, isn't it sad? Maybe they taped it.
So many lifeless assholes and so little time in keeping with the spirit of last night's drawn out American Idol finale rights, Matthew Gilbert in the Boston Globe.
This review should begin with a repetitive series of commercial breaks from that cola company, that car company and that clothing store.
Then it should delay gratification for a few more paragraphs with an A and top five lists clips from two months of auditions.
And of course, pseudo ironic wit from Brian Dunkelman, such as the intensity here is only getting intense.
But instead, let's cut to the chase. Kelly Clarkson, the girl next door with the big city voice won the competition that is consumed TV viewers this summer, just as the first survivor did two summers ago.
Justice finally arrived at 9.51 pm after almost two hours of bluster and buildup when Dunkelman and co-host Ryan on pointless sequest finally proclaimed Clarkson, the first American Idol.
A Texas native Clarkson, 20 took the majority of the 15 and a half million votes that were received to his unit along with the blessings of all three judges,
the prize will include an RCA recording contract as well as other career making benefits.
Runner up just in Rarini, he of the Annie here and the come on eyes was exceedingly gracious about his lost, hugging Clarkson and saying, no one deserves it more than this woman.
Projecting the slick happiness that is charmed his supporters, including a flirtatious Paula Abdul, Rarini was articulate and playful throughout the finale, even while his voice showed signs of wear.
Clarkson on the other hand was fine and fine singing form, but frequently it lost for engaging in small talk, answering sequest query about her expectation of the flustered.
I didn't really think about it.
Aside from the crowning of Clarkson, the highlights of last night's episode were the two live medley's by the 10 finalists.
The songs first from the 1960s and then from Motown became a wait a minute.
Isn't that kind of redundant there? Are you in Motown? Not really in the 60s.
Be it came the sort of vocal squirrel of Hans would come to respect from these young neo soul influence pop singers.
Their voices slide through notes as if they've been gargling with oil, but at least their medley's worn as tedious as the can filler that pated out most of the two hours.
The kids at least had some spark to them.
And filler was a generous word for much for much of last night's finale, which is more like a brightly lit advertising vehicle than a proper TV episode.
Along with the many commercials, including Fox's relentless promotion of its false schedule, there were ads featuring the idle finalists that were designed look like part of the show.
These ads were especially troubling as they further blurred the line between entertainment and commerce.
Even survivor hasn't sold its contestants to its sponsors yet.
Throughout the night, the co-host promised us that the winner would be revealed after the break, or unless then an hour.
If you were smart, you would ignore them and tune in sometime after 9.45.
So in other words, they melted till like nine minutes before 10 o'clock and then finally, which of course was there everybody knew anyway that you had won.
Right? Indeed.
Now how did the look, maybe they had them in their summer, but how do I have to get this story out of yesterday's Boston Globe as opposed to the Sun Centaur of the Hero?
This could be the most important story of the week.
Florida City Commissioner has wallet and pants stolen at gunpoint. Are you familiar with this?
No. See? That's because you don't read the Boston Globe, Mr. Pompedo Beach.
City Commissioner Ed Phillips didn't lose his shirt playing cards this week. He lost his pants.
All right.
Phillips had to head home in his underwear after being robbed at gunpoint in his own district Sunday night.
The stick up followed a card game with friends.
Phillips set a car pulled up with two men wearing ski masks, one wave to gun and the other forced a man to head over their pants and their wallets.
The robbers got away with the clothing and all the money inside the pockets.
Phillips said his wallet contained about 50 bucks. Now he says his number one issue is fighting crime.
Good. I'd fell up stuff there in Pompedo Beach. Good going, baby.
Boston Globe, how do you like that?
I didn't see it. Well, of course I don't read the top.
Oh, and guess what? The Peter people, your favorites.
Yes, indeed. The people for the ethical agreement of animals.
They just had a blurb on their eye. It's not on their website yet because they're very slow.
And I guess they have to give you some reason to watch Paul Azon.
But at any rate, they just had a blurb about the Peter people are now showing ads and they showed one of them.
They showed the picture anyway, not the whole way.
And it's a guy with a huge puffy stick and out. You know, the shirt is like I'm above and the big puffy and the neighbor is sticking out.
Which could be almost anybody in the Western hemisphere.
And the message is you'll have to pay for two seats on the plane if you're like this. So go vegetarian.
Oh, yeah, that works. Isn't that incredible? Is that amazing or what?
You know what? I don't know what thin vegetarian.
I don't know any vegetarians.
Well, back in the old days, like when I worked at K18, I used to do those horrible boring nutrition shows.
There was one guy who weighed about 80 pounds soaking wet.
Tossed real skinny. It looked like Icarbog crane on a bad day.
And this guy, he used to eat garlic by the pound and have garlic bread.
Oh, my God. You started getting it within 15 yards of this guy without like swooning.
And most of the real, you know, the fanatical nutritional people, that's what they're like.
You know, they stink. And the pita people stink too.
As much as I love animals, especially dogs, the pita people should only rot.
There's a special place in hell for them, especially the ones that are like attacking the Oscar Meyer Wiener mobile.
Right. Leave our Wieners alone. Okay. You idiots. You morons you and giving them that unhappy meals.
Oh, look at this. Israeli police discover carbon in northern Israel. It's not unusual.
Shopped. News alert. And what is this news alert business that all the new stations do?
If it's breaking news, then it's something new supposedly. But news alert just means
it rehashing the same old crap we already know. Right. They are desperate.
Anyway, here's our poll question today. And I got a lot of good stuff.
Let me first, should I give the website first? Oh, yeah. Oh, you got to.
The article I read yesterday by Tyrell Seal. And I have more of that.
It's a five-part series that think about the smoking gun, the 9-11 evidence that may hang towards the W. Bush.
It's a five-part series. And I'm going to read just a couple of short pages from that today.
Plus one other article about God is a is dig on commerce or something like that by some other authors.
But in any rate, the website is newsinsider.cjb.net.
And not only are her articles on there, but the news insider is great.
And there's some of the articles I'll tell you right now that are a little far out.
You'll say, oh, this is pretty far out, but nevertheless, you pick and choose and whatever you want to believe.
That's fine. But at least it's a rather fresh air in terms of really.
And boy, you talk about well documented. She's got like a little bibliography at the bottom of her each article.
You go, girl. Exactly. She knows her craft. Believe me.
Anyway, newsinsider.cjb.net. And you might want to check out that news insider website a lot,
because there are some really fascinating articles on it. Some interesting stuff. For people who are interested,
I guess not the American Idol crowd, right? Well, no, I don't think that people who watch the American Idol
are going to be checking out the news insider website. But you never know.
There's Rome a little variety. And I'll mix it up a little bit.
Anyway, here's today's poll question, which has nothing to do with any of this stuff.
Which of these women do you most strongly think is a beard for gay celebrities?
I don't know what prompted me to do this. I have no idea. Just, it just struck me.
Which of these women do you most strongly think is a beard, beard in quotes for gay celebrities?
J.Lo and a Cornett Kova, Brittany Spears. Now, the only reason I'm putting her on her is because of Justin Tinkerbell.
Lisa Marie Pressley, Brooke Shields, Janet Jackson, all of the above or none of the above.
Have we got all the bases covered there? I think so. I think we did.
And by the way, Gov. Jeterranger, they're going to make you pay for two seats on a plane.
Start eating like seaweed. 12 minutes after nine, the pita people are some of the worst.
They really are. Next to the God squad, the pita people are right in there.
In fact, you know something to them, it is a religion.
I know. That whole thing about don't eat no animals.
I like a nice juicy steak.
Oh yeah.
And you know what I like even better than that? I give a feel.
Nice baby cow, feel. I love my feel. See we're back on that again.
Remember the V lady?
The field chop. Oh yeah.
I might start taking calls again if she'd call.
Not 12 minutes after nine at five, 50 WQYM.
And let me tell you again about how you get a high paid career going, being a computer professional.
There's the jobs out there waiting for you.
The question is, how do you find a good school and get you the skills to help you accomplish all of these things?
Well, there's only one school that's got four convenient locations all over Dayton, Broward, including their spiffy, new one in Kendall.
There's one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors convenient day evening and weekend classes when it's convenient for you.
There's one school that's got full-time job placement department over 30 years doing it.
And with this school, you can complete your program, get certified in four short months and start making serious cash instead of working in some dead end job like so many of you are doing right now.
That's school of course. You know, but let's say it all together, fast train.
We've been talking about fast train till it's coming out of my nose.
So get off your butt, pick up the phone and call our friends at fast train today.
Be sure and tell them that old Todd Dreck, Todd, I make it a lot of cash and I don't do a goddamn thing for it. Dreck.
1-866 fast train. That's 1-866 fast train or check them out on the web at fast train dot com.
My life and local 64205-60.
You way, you way.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
At 560 WQAM, we just can't seem to get the morning show right.
So once again, we softly advise the power crackhead chicken hop consultant that we apologize for that too.
And now, 560 WQAM proudly presents the Mogen David show.
One and both.
That's a good point.
You know who I am. Mogen David.
Yeah. That's good.
I forgot who I was.
Have you name again, Felgis?
No, down the, the Duke and Colony, Kelby.
How did this year?
Locked.
Locked.
With a baker.
Two salty.
Take it back.
I want fresh nova.
Get that out of here.
And while you're out, get me coffee.
I got the punch guard fold here for schoogeons.
I get a freak cup.
Never. Wait a minute.
I'm only supposed to talk about sports.
Oh, yeah.
Have I ever tell you about the time I had lunch with Joe Peppaton?
No.
How about that hurricane shuffle board team?
They don't got that no more.
Since when?
Since they got rid of the rocket board shoes on Collins Avenue.
Well, it's a good thing I bought the Mogen rules.
We'll see the cotton.
Yeah. Crackin' bands. Crackin' bands.
Yeah, now that I got ya crack-ready.
Bam!
What was that?
That I flipped my wigs.
It smells bad in here like toe-keys.
Now, somebody say we do a nice remote from the festival flea market.
Sounds good to me.
Yeah, they got a lot of nice benches, dude.
Okay, let's go.
Okay.
Very much in here.
I can use another vacation.
917-560 WQM.
Boy, Liz Taylor is going to run away with this and I was reluctant to put her on there, you know what?
Huh?
I brought a release of a break.
I did too.
So we got two of those three votes.
He's got Liz Taylor's got seven.
The poll just went up there on eorodgers.com.
Liz Taylor's seven.
We're talking about Beards, Brooks Shields two.
In fact, I've woman and I saw her in Toronto that one day.
She had a nice beard.
I'm the one I'm talking about.
So, Sam and Rusty, who also has a nice beard, I'm sure the people of Watch American Idol don't know who he is.
They probably think that's what you're having for us today.
Sam and Rusty.
Close.
But anyway, the Freedom from Religion Foundation quotes, has a quote from him on this blurb that you fact to me this morning.
Speaking of religion, speaking of the God Squad, he said, in India, as elsewhere in our darkening world, religion is the poison and the blood.
Where religion intervenes, mere innocence is no excuse.
It would go on skating around this issue, speaking of religion, the fashionable language of respect.
What is there to respect in any of this or in any of the crimes not being committed almost daily around the world in religion's dreaded name?
Can't imagine why the Ayatollah was upset with him, can you?
No, why is it?
He put that fought law on him.
Right.
He's got to hit out on him.
See, he wouldn't have a fought wife. He'd just be vegetarian. That's what the Peter people would tell him.
I had a fight one last night.
Did you really?
Druggy.
Anyway, Saturday, October 6, 2001, in the Guardian.
Oh, a Brit paper in the Guardian.
Let's get back to life, Rusty.
I'm not going to read the whole thing. There's just one paragraph, one or two paragraphs.
I'm going to read.
Above the article, it's called, let's get back to life.
How do we defeat terrorism by embracing our everyday lives without fear, right, Sam and Rusty?
Rusty was had to balance his own security and feed him for more than a decade.
Since after the Ayatollah put that fought law on him since he didn't want to crazy about that book.
Anyway, in the midst of this, he says, terrorism is the murder of the innocent.
This time it was mass murder, meaning 9-11, to excuse such atrocity by blaming US government policies
to deny the basic idea of all morality that individuals are responsible for their actions.
Furthermore, terrorism is not the pursuit of legitimate complaints by illegitimate means.
The terrorists ratchemself in the world's grievances to cloacist true motives.
Whatever the killers were trying to achieve, it seems improbable that building a better world was part of it.
The fundamentalist seeks to bring down a great deal more than buildings.
Such people are against to offer just a brief list, freedom of speech, a multi-party political system, universal adult suffrage,
accountable government, Jews, homosexuals, women's rights, pluralism, secularism, short skirts, dancing, beardlessness, evolution theory, and sex.
These are tyrants not Muslims.
Islam is tough on suicide. He says who are doomed to repeat their deaths through all eternity.
However, there needs to be a thorough examination by Muslims everywhere of why it is that the faith that they love
reads so many violent mutant strains.
If the West needs to understand its unibombers and McVeigh's, Islam needs to face up to which it's been loved.
And it goes on at length in theoretical.
See, I was telling George before the show, instead of finding like specific websites for a lot of stuff,
if you just do a search, like do a search for Salman Rusty, which is what I did.
And you'll find all kinds of good crap.
You know what I'm saying?
I know what you're saying.
You want something good search for it. That's my motto.
And usually it pays off.
Anyway, so speaking of Cheryl Seal, like I said, the article that I read yesterday, which we had 80 million calls off the year and all around the place,
for people who don't know where they could find that.
Let me say it again, newsinsider.cjb.net, because that article first appeared in the news insider.
It's called Smoking Gun, the night 11 evidence that may hang George W. Bush.
And this is in the first part, just a couple more pages that I didn't get to yesterday.
I don't have time to read the whole thing, as I said, it's five parts.
Although, you know, something maybe I will.
Maybe if the mood strikes.
Okay.
And I'll tell you right now, I was wrong about our strike against Iraq.
9-11, that's pretty obvious, because Congress yet will get to that later.
But they're going to vote on it in October, whether they're going to approve a resolution.
Although, you know, you still never know.
And the other thing, too, is it's still down.
Even though it's September.
It's early September, it's still like summertime, hotter in hell.
And one thing we don't want to do is fight a summertime more in the desert.
Anyway, she writes, Cheryl Seale, at the very least, Bush allowed 9-11 to happen.
But the evidence indicates his guild involves more than just a huge intentional sin of omission.
And this now seems certain.
So it is ulcer form, ulcer form, meant to watch him, chaney, kind of leaves a rife in their PR army,
try to sell America yet another big lie, that they had no idea such a thing as 9-11 could happen.
They could never have imagined it in their wildest dreams.
They had no specific warnings.
There was nothing unusual about the summer 2000-1 warnings, etc., etc., nauseam.
I've compiled some material that clearly shows that the above litany is blatantly, arrogantly false.
But first, let's hold a preliminary hearing in the court of common sense.
To see through a wall of propaganda, and determine what's really going on,
one must tune out the spin completely and take a good objective, look at what has been done,
and what their parties involved have to gain by their actions.
Let's look at the well-documented facts.
First, when Bush writes in the other top rash mice, through his discarded the warning on August 2,
Bush has approval rating that sunk to just 49%, this is the red zone for a president.
Ask any political expert or a presidential historian, hit 45% and impeachment may soon loom on the horizon.
Second, Bush's actions throughout his entire life show a clear and consistent pattern.
Without exception, he's always chosen the path that will benefit himself and his corporate friends the most,
and will do so in the face of even the most outraged criticism.
Third, the stolen election of 2000 proved that Bush was willing to participate in a very daring, very large-scale crime and pursuit of power.
Fourth, Bush's father approval ratings went from shaky to astronomical,
within a month of declaring war on an evil terrorist leader back in 1991.
This lesson could hardly have been lost on Bush Jr.
Start a war on the emotions of the public can be whipped up to a point that will push presidential approval ratings way, way up.
So given the above fact as evidence, what do you imagine a self-serving man
who has faced no serious opposition from Congress, the press or the American public would be likely to do?
A book he would most certainly lay out that Bush would stand aside and allow an event like 9-11 to happen.
Another action that must be considered in the cold hard light of day is Bush's behavior after 9-11.
He seized upon national fears, worked at intensifying them, and immediately without waiting for Congress or serious discussions with other nations,
called for an attack on Afghanistan and a global war on terrorism.
At the same time, he worked through John Ascroft with stunning swiftness to dismantle civil liberties.
These are not the actions of a leader who wants to keep his nation calm, reassured and standing tallens, principles and the weight of tragedy.
These are the actions of an opportunist who knows from watching his father's presidency that the window of opportunity for consolidating his power will be narrow.
Bush Sr. approval rating high lasted only a few months.
Should I read that again? Bush Sr. approval rating high lasted only a few months.
Last, why would Bush admit to having been warned about 9-11 in the first place?
In the corporate and political world, this admission is a strategy that's been used over and over by creeps who are guilty of huge crimes and know the heat is on.
By confessing to a lesser charge, they try to draw the heat away from the main more dangerous issue.
Can lay the head of Anderson and every criminal who's ever copped or tried to cop a plea bargain have used this ploy?
If Bush were innocent of any complicity in 9-11, why should he make any statement?
It's always the guilty who feel the need to make statements that I am not a crook, I never had sex with that woman, or about how about that the role of tobacco industry CEOs who all swore that none of them knew that the product was harmful or addictive?
Therefore, based on the evidence, I would say we have a phony president who's guilty as hell who knows that someone has the goods on him and is breathing down his neck.
He's gambling that by making preemptive strikes while he still has control of the media, he can spend a protective wall against a round himself.
Thus, we have Dick Taney appearing on 5-19 on Meet the Press being interviewed about the 9-11 flat by his friend and neighbor Tim Russert.
Yep, that's right, both interviewer and interviewer we live in the futile exclusive Caroloma suburb of DC where houses started around $1 million.
In fact, on the same program, Russert had the arrogance to even mention how he'd seen his buddy out taking the air in his new It Scooter, how cozy.
And this is what's being served American, the name of a free and honest press, you've got a problem, just pick a pal in the press corps and tell them what questions you want him or her to ask so he can spin them in just the way you want.
Russert asked Taney how he responded to charges that the information existed in several reports which showed that a World Trade Center type attack was a possibility.
Taney responded incredibly that reading all those reports weren't his concern, there were just too darn many of them.
Russert left his ridiculous response go totally unchallenged and unqualified.
Here are the questions that are missing, the questions a real journalist would have asked.
So then Mr. Taney, just what are your criteria for a report that's important enough for you to read, how do you prioritize what you read or what those undy were directed to call your attention,
what reports on this matter did you read? It's insulting to America's intelligence that such questions are not being asked.
It's like a grand jury that refuses to ask a murder suspect questions like wherever you on the night of such and such.
What was your relationship to the victim?
But instead says, well, here's what we heard from the police that someone thinks you may have killed someone. Go ahead and explain yourself. Don't worry.
We won't interrupt you or ask you any uncomfortable questions. And by the way, your good pal who lives down the block volunteered to serve as jury foreman.
Here's one last fact to consider. The GOP spent $40 million to pursue an ultimately meritless case against Clinton that involved dealing an intern and some questionable real estate deals.
Since Bush took off, it's not one dime has been spent out by Congress to investigate chaining a secret energy dealings, bushes stolen election, Tom Delay's boiler room scams that have built doctors out of millions, the mysterious wild trading of American in the United Airlines stock the week before 9-11, or any of the other crimes that were far more serious than Clinton's offenses.
Meanwhile, the GOP, so we could have spent millions to investigate an office romance, has worked overtime to block the initiation of any serious investigation into the biggest crime to have ever been perpetrated on American soil that claimed nearly 3000 lives. Wake up America.
So, you're all sealed.
927 at 560 WQM, wake up and go to see Tom Layman, hell of Pontiac GMC. He's always a got a big smile on this, plus even if he don't like you.
Like me, you know, I'm not so sure he really does like me all that much, but he sure put on a good act. In fact, he likes me so much, he's created the Neil Deal at Halip Pontiac, so I guess he does.
Save Big Bucks and Al Pontiacs and GMCs in stock, just mentioned you heard me talking about the Neil Deal on the show and he'll go nuts.
Stop by Halip Pontiac GMC, they're in the same great spot they've been doing it right by people for over 35 years, which in South Florida, as you know, is a major miracle.
134-01 South Dixie Highway, that's US 1 across from the falls where right now, as I speak, AirV vehicle is marked with the lowest price and mentioned the Neil Rogers deal and you'll find out it's not the lowest price goes to lock it down even lower.
And while you're there, take a peek at the complete line of GMC SUVs, including the On-Boy, voted by MotorPrend is SUV of the year and the all new vibe SUV that's got the power of a sports car.
They'll treat you right at health. They got a dependable selection of great pre-owned cars, trucks and sports utility vehicles, and if anybody else has turned you down recently for credit, not a problem at health, they'll get you a deal cut.
So get you the Neil Rogers deal right now at Halip Pontiac GMC open every day, seven days a week for more info call 305-238-4040.
That's 305-238-4040 for Halip Pontiac GMC, they be professional great.
My life and look all this is 4405-50.
You ain't way.
Neil.
Go.
In CD stores now, Kiliots born sings Madonna.
Kiliots born.
I'm in love with a beautiful stranger.
Tell me love is in truth.
I'm crazy for you.
You'd be crazy if you didn't get Kiliots born sings Madonna.
I'm a barf bag sold separately.
I'm living in a material world that I'm a material girl.
She do be the best of 10.
9.30 to 5.60 WQM.
Now this is from Roland Watson and Washington.
You just fags me?
Yes.
As the fact is, I can hear them purring in the background hot and heavy.
Bush has a word for it even if the dictionary doesn't.
He sure has a way with word, don't he?
No.
For a man untroubled by the need for linguistic purity, President Bush surpassed even himself yesterday as he sought to portray President Saddam Hussein as a scheme.
He was a very famous and evasive dictator.
Declarating that Saddam had crawfished out of previous agreements with the United Nations, Mr. Bush accused him of stiffing the world.
In doing so, Mr. Bush appeared to have invented a word the verb to crawfish is unknown even to slang dictionaries, although it must derive from the crawfish or crayfish or freshwater crustacean.
According to linguistic experts, such evocative use of the word is a verb has grown in recent years in the US to describe someone who backs out of a position.
Asked about the President's use of the word Erie Fleischer as spokesman, referred to broken Iraqi commitments to the Sarm adding,
this is what Saddam Hussein has tried his best to slither out of as President put it to crawfish out of.
Mr. Bush went on to say that he would use an address to the United Nations General Assembly next week to call upon the world to recognize that he is stiffing the world.
In this context, the President mentioned he or duping the world and America who has been short-change would complain that the vernacular of being stiffed.
But it may be wise for Mr. Bush to rethink his choice of words before he addresses the United Nations in New York on September 12th, apart from threatening to plunge the simultaneous translators into meltdown,
such language feeds the image overseas of Mr. Bush as a hopelessly inarticulate, trigger happy cowboy, one that Tony Blair was at pains to say this week he regards as a parody.
But it's not the first time that Mr. Bush is very divebrows with his home spun choice of words to articulate pivotal moments in his presidency.
In the days after 9.11 Mr. Bush referred to those 19 hijackers as those folks when talking of al Qaeda he promised to smoke him out and in his most famous laps into folks he read a record he demanded Osama bin Laden dead or alive,
which we don't even know if he's dead or alive much less have him dead or alive but nevertheless he sure has a way with words don't he?
He's a real, he's a, he's a, let me just, let me just say this to you. You know I'm thinking during the break.
So Congress is going to vote in October, pass a resolution to give him authority to go ahead and shoot up Iraq and go after Saddam and the evil adorage.
Now once you election, November, I'm my birthday, he's you remember November 5th, well if they pass a resolution saying early October, I'm just thinking out loud, you know what I'm saying?
I don't want to say that they would, you know, exploit that situation and invade just before the midterm elections.
I think it could backfire.
You think so? I think so. You think that the public is really all that bright? Not bright, it's just that nobody really understands why we need to go do that.
Oh by the way, Lynn Samuels, I forgot, you know, Boker came in last week and he said to me, Lynn Samuels is just obsessed with you, which we already know that.
You know Lynn Samuels from WABC, the Fox your lady. Yes. And she just backs this and it says, it's, I don't know why she addresses it to Boker Brian,
but she's also obsessed with him. She thinks he's here and he hangs out here. You know how, you know how screw in is obsessed with Mozeback? Well, Lynn is obsessed with the Boker's ball spots.
So don't wear that bad hairpiece, Boker. If you want like anymore, we refer to that ball spot as his head.
He says does Neil know about WWW dot obscure store, dot common as a really good story. I know he would love my side is not fancy.
WWW Lynn Samuels dot com. Okay, thank you, Lynn. I got those right over here.
See, I think what I'm going to start doing because you know, a lot of the stuff you find in New York, well, New York Times got pretty good story.
That's not a good example. New York Post, Boston, Harold, Globe and got good stuff. But a lot of this stuff is kind of pedestrian. You know what I mean? I know you mean.
But stuff like the Cheryl, whatever her name is. What is her name? I had it here a second ago.
It's the one with the seal. Cheryl sealed it with the just flap your arms and make like a seal. Boy.
Let's see. Here's the book on the article shockingly bush wanted to stop the publishing of the book.
Oh, look at that. Break down how America's intelligence failures like this September 11th by Bill Gerts.
They wanted to stop the publishing of it. Well, that's great. I'm going to go out and pick it up today at the world's largest bookstore right here downtown.
Oh, yeah. Got the Alonso story. Thank you very much. What do you know something we need about 10 hours today?
I know. We need about 10 hours. Here's the editorial today's Palm Beach Post. I've said you something.
I used to make fun of that paper public because it's a Cox paper. We used to work for Cox and the other by the assholes, but nevertheless Palm Beach Post has got some pretty interesting stuff, including stuff you won't find in the
book from Hugh Hefner. Governor Bush's mistake in choice to become secretary of the Department of Children and Families came under criticism for
among many other things, having his name on writings that chastised women who work outside the home. The 11 female GOP House members, none of whom works at
politics from home, signed a letter in which they called news reports of Mr. Regier's record debatable and said he should have the chance to run the agency that under
Governor Bush has gone from troubled to dysfunctional representative Sandra Merman, Republican of Tampa, chairs a committee created to investigate DCF, made it a point to say that the governor had not asked
them to send the letter, so did the governor. They said it makes you believe that he did either way representative Merman would have more credibility if for recent actions had
shown that like the governor, she puts politics first in may representative Merman, praise the panel of governor Bush, stack with political allies to give him cover after the
William Wilson story broke representative Merman made no serious public criticism of former DCF secretary Kathleen Kearney, even though Mrs.
Kearney's knee jerk policy of removing children from home is created a crunch in foster care representative Merman at first claimed the governor Bush had
provided all the new money to DCF. In fact, most of it came from the federal government unable to erase Mr. Regier's record Republicans are trying to spin it. This attempt failed. Editorial in the Palm Beach Post today, short sweet to the point.
I'm getting more excited about what's his name Bill. What's his name? Oh Riley. No, our candidate for governor Bill. What is it? Make bride. Say it again real something. I know what it was. I think he's, you know, what the best thing he's got going for him. He's not Janet. He's not yet Bush. Oh, well, that's it. Yeah. And he's not Janet. And I think we're both right. He's not Janet and he's not yet. Bush. Both of those things were heavily.
He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He
He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He
not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not
yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet. He's not yet yet. Yes. Yes. It was afe ing. It was afe ing. It was afe ing. It was afe ing. It was afe ing. The de facility indorton he led a\'ol and killed all those others becauseep afe dusiodo las jaithens al as an ar Arezeler glider glider squ ali rel engages a MIN dangerous Gerry
drive concepts they'll uh... perk them up and revive your carpets and make
them look just like brand new i know i keep talking about this for years and
years and years over twenty years now been talking about drive concepts and
guess what i've been using my home for that period of time to know they ask you
this question if they were to inspect a car job in my house
uh... sponsor or not you think i have to have been coming back no of course not
you think my mother would use them my picky and would use them with all her
money she could afford to have anybody in the world but the bottom line is
drive concepts are the best
they make your carpets look sparkling vivid vivid and massive that's right
and the prices always right because they give you a written guaranteed price
before they start the job none of these per-room scam deals none of these
tack on the end of the job a written guaranteed price before they start the
job your carpets drive a couple of hours and you'll have an amazing look on
your post and rice concepts also does an unbeatable job of cleaning your
furniture your drapery they do spot dying fiber protection carpet repairs
implant oriental rug service for your valuable oriental rugs
deodorization and complete water damage restoration if you ever flood
nobody doesn't like these folks you'll find out if you use in the first time you
never call anybody else either
in power call nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight nine five
four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight and they're bomb each its
toll free one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one
one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one clean today entertain
tonight with dry concept
five and a local
five city
the radius of yours
you
and
dumb jack
and
three
and
and
three and
three and
three and
three and
and
and
and
in
the
so
What he's like to do, what he's like to reach his hands
And with a dead of low pens, then do no cards to do
And in a time then, once in a time, you'll be able to fly
Have a yellow light, fly back high, something they can't survive
That's why, we have a yellow light, a big light, every time damn case of you are free
We have a yellow light, something they can't survive
That's why, we have a yellow light, a big light, every time damn case of you are free
I'm just making a wild guess, if I offered to give you a million dollars in cash and small bills
Could you tell me under what light we are today?
Especially since it's only like six days before the anniversary of 9-11
Does anybody out there know what light we're under?
No, Tom Reidge, he ain't doing too much today
I thought that was going to be like on the crawl
Or you know how you have the station logo in the corner of every channel
That's right, and along with the temperature and the albacurky and the other stuff they put on the crawl on the bottom
And I want to say today is an amber light there, and then it can't put amber light because amber is with the missing key
I think it's got a little light in one of the corners, like the other one
That's right, just show us the color of it
And for those of you who are colorblind, tough luck, just get out of the bed
So somebody at WL, one of our chronic factors, gives me answers to both questions
Sergeant Traver Rang with George Montgomery, and you are absolutely correct, boy, I'll tell you
It seems like just yesterday, it was 1972, it's 30 years ago this year
72, and Willie Horton with the baseball player, so you wouldn't know that because you're a hard-ass anti-sports player
Willie Horton of the Detroit Tigers, right fielder, ask her any hard-well health, I remember the Willie Horton days
Because I'm an old fart, and I'm proud of it
Yeah, Willie Horton was the guy that got out under jail, or on the early parole, ax murderer, and then butchered up a whole family or something
And the dookas, and then once that came out, the Republicans just hung their mind and said like a noose
I remember the debate with him in Bush 1, and he said, well, I'm against capital punishment, but I'm tough on crime, and they were all snickering and snickering
They were kind of niggeredly
Anyway, Rich Pacti, you know, you're a good guy, Rich, and I appreciate this article. Did you see how small the print is in this article?
No, it looks just like lines
And he's also, tell Eric to put the link on Cheryl's seal on your site
There's no e on the end of seal, by the way, Rich, I don't want to correct you
You know, you're a great guy, Rich, and you send us a lot of good stuff, and the Vokabrine can't stay
Who is it? A Paul Harby Jr. can't stand you, whatever
And Vokabrine's a little pissed off too, with that restitution song, I'd like to keep giving him
But at any rate, he also says, and today's here old this article, which I'm going to tell you, I'm going to try to read this
You know how when you go to the eye doctor for your annual eye exam, or however often you go, when you get to be old like me, and you dive
Beto-Key, go over here, and I mean, if I can read this, I've got to be one amazing old fart, I'll say that right now
If the audience could see the print, how does this happen, by the way?
You know what I'm saying? Because I print stuff out from the hero all the time
Don't know
How does Rich Pacti's computer print something out that's so small?
You follow?
Maybe it's just the printing, maybe it's a little thrifty, you know what I'm saying? Or an aka Jewish
And he wants to save on paper, on fax paper, so he's got everything like scrunched way down on his printing setup
Anyway, I'll give him my best shot, and we already told Eric, by the way, to put the share I'll see your link on there
What's the name of that thing?
I have a mental block on that damn website, God damn it
NewsInthiter.cjb
NewsInside.cjb.net
Chany on Qualified to Champion War on Iraq
I got to get to my thing about Canadian Senate panel urges the legalization of POT
Isn't it strange that it seems that where I have these studios in Amsterdam and now where Canada is on the Virgilegalizing pod
Isn't that a strange coincidence when I don't even smoke it? That is
Seems like kind of a waste, isn't it? I think that often
Maybe we ought to like just bring you up here and send me back down there and send you to Amsterdam
Okay, no, I just said maybe
Chany on Qualified to Champion War on Iraq
I'm just trying to brave up to see if I can read this
Austin, Texas, excuse me, I don't want to be tacky or anything
Now who wrote this? Oh Molly Ivens, great from Texas
One of the Bush nematies, excuse me, I don't want to be tacky or anything
But it hasn't had occurred to anyone in Washington that sending Vice President Dick Chany out to champion and invasion of Iraq on the grounds that said
I'm saying is a murderous dictator is somewhere between bad taste and flaming hypocrisy
I can't believe I'm reading this seriously I wish everybody in the audience could see the size of this print
And you don't even have your Magnivision reading lenses
Not yet
When Chany was CEO of the old Fuddy Daddy firm Halib, see I can't read it
The oil field
What? Oil field supply firm
What page is this on?
Because I can during the next break I can download it myself and it's not going to be print like this
This is unacceptable
It's in today's Harold, it's the Molly Ivens guy
So must be on the op-ed page, right?
Yeah, yeah
Because this is just too much, I mean I got through the first sentence and I'm very pleased about that
But it's just too much of it, you know as bad as I bumble and fumble through much of this stuff
Because when you're reading stuff for four hours time, Jika, it's not easy to do it without bumbling and fumbling and stumbling
You know what I'm saying Tom? Little Tommy?
Now that I'm not carving on the South Florida scene and about how the driving sucks and the humidity is bad and it rains like crazy every day
You know what I'm talking about, little Tommy?
Who still hasn't discovered that there was a goddamn reading book in the spring
He's kind of like, he's kind of like Greg Reed with your broad bonus
He's like ten days late and fifty dollars short
That's a little Tommy Jika
So just ignore it, you know, the fact that there was a story there and probably current didn't send this stuff anyway
Because the sports shows are rating sucked anyway
Long me fifty dollars
Right
And so they don't have it, him or Kevin Basterd
Because I'm sure Kevin Basterd had the information
And the only reason that Jika should feel compelled, the spirit of somebody should compel him to write it because he was the doubting Thomas
Oh well, Rogers is biggest challenge, yeah but
I still have that article over here as well
Yeah, he's going to write another column about how wrong he was
Yeah, well at least I can talk about how wrong he was, all the guy at damn time
I have the column in his hand right now with Tom's fat face in it
Probably too many free meals up there in a guy named press box at Calder
Let's see, WQM will be coming bro
And Boba is talking about the moron show
Moving to 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. not only out of the market but out of the country
Rogers has successfully reinvented himself several times but his latest reincarnation might be his greatest challenge
He'll be getting Boba Boba Boba
By essentially acting as the voice of his audience
Completing about South Florida's weather and traffic, his neighbors, his merchants, his doctors and co-workers
Most of that will be lost within thousands of miles away
Let me ask you this, I was there for a week last week doing the show every day
What was the difference other than my fat push was there?
What was the difference? The difference to what?
Yeah, I'll tell you what the difference was Thursday morning we didn't have the internet
There you go
Yeah, have I ever lost the internet here or an Amsterdam for one minute?
No
No, by the way it wasn't Thursday morning
When was it? It was Thursday
Day
Oh, that's right, Thursday the whole day
I stand corrected
An entire day thanks to our good close personal friends at Bell South who suck the big one and I don't care if our buddy Jeff is listening or not
You guys suck the big one Jeff, we like you about we think
But your company blows
I have Bell St. Patico here no problem at all, no sweat every day it's right there
Want to click out of something and it's there immediately
It's there like lightning like grease-trick and lightning
The only thing that ever slows it down like everybody else is that guy named Span
Which I have an article on that later
Come to find out that the people are claiming to like eliminate Span
Yeah, they're spanning
Rogers argues you can keep up with South Florida via the internet and the fact that the local newspapers
But it's difficult to get an accurate fix on the mood of a community at second-hand
Broke Tommy Jicca
Right
In the two weeks he's been in Toronto this is way back when what was the day of this piece?
This piece of crap
Do you have any idea?
No
Well obviously it was back in the middle of March after I've been here doing two weeks
Rogers program has changed in noticeable ways he spans in a northern amount of time
Which previously might have been devoted to carving about the local scene
Reading newspaper magazine articles like this one again Tom
Also is producer and Phil Ingewood Rodriguez has become almost an equal partner in the broadcast
Which is ludicrous
You don't speak one word more now than you ever did before not one
Not one word
Maybe Rogers is priming and this is got to be
I mean all the idiotic things I've read in this South Florida Sun Center
For the Florida day whatever the hell it is that that rag
Maybe Rogers is priming the pump ever on regas do the show
With him calling in is the whim takes him crazy that's the norm at WQA
And what you that last part is right it is crazy
It's beyond crazy the station
But I'm just gonna I'm gonna take that paycheck they're gonna keep sending me those paychecks
And I'm just gonna call in every now and then when I feel like it let George do the show
Is that what you're talking about?
You idiot you cymbal and you bald headed geek
God is he and then then when he could be the first rating book the entire book
The entire spring book I was out of town except for like the two weeks that came back
One week in April one week in June and we still kicked out on this show
And it's about the fact the rest of the station was in the crapper that happens you know
We can understand parts of it
But this Tom right one single word to correct his error no because that would make him look back you know
So we just assume that the people who listen to this show they already know about it
Nobody else better find out that he made a glaring error
I mean wouldn't it be a lot more interesting for me to be sitting down there talking to a bunch of morons
They it is a douchebag and talking about how the drivers suck you know I mean
After 26 and a half years Tom what is there luck for me to say about the South Florida scene
And as far as missing the pulse of it I was there for a week I kept searching for a pulse I couldn't find one
I couldn't find one
I can walk outside here I can go out on a young street
Which by the way is the longest street in the world you know that you told me that
And I can go out and win when 10 seconds no I take that back
I can walk I can get on the elevator and go down in lobby of my building
I take that back I can put on the monitor here
No this year I can sit right here
In fact let me turn it on right now
There's the door there's the door in my building
The inner door okay and there here's the security camera
Look at that there's a guy right there who's under the age of 100
Pretty ugly but nevertheless I have a few ugly people in the building that's why I'm here
In 10 seconds I'll find more living and breathing people than I will in that whole week that I was in South Florida
How many times have we done that test where I tell you you're in your car driving on 95 or on 75 or on a turn bike
And just look to your left and look to your right look around you
Does anybody under the age of 100 or anybody who doesn't look like they just crawled off a banana boat?
Very rarely very rarely and then of course you get in Vade County
Any white people around? No no
I mean not that that's bad
You know I mean not everybody can live in places like
It might come to be have no knee growth
We got a lot of sparks right just one of those things
9 feet in Mimol I said otherwise you'd have no callers
9.50 well how come my clock over here on the web page says 9.27
This is going to be a long show if Eric says 9.56 on 9.
On the web page?
Mine says 9.27.45 on the home page on your Niels page
Wow
9.56 at 5.60 WQM mattress shopping I've been telling you about this for a few years now
And I'm right this is one thing you can debate anything else I tell you
You got to be full of crap to go out there and shop for a mattress in your car why are you doing that?
Because first of all you're going to waste a lot of gas a lot of time
You're going to help to pay for some big fancy fancy stores overhead by help pay them for their rent
But if you call down a mattress who doesn't have that big overhead you're going to get yourself the best deal all the way around
Just call 1-800 mattress you'll be immediately if not sooner connected to an expert betting consultant
Who's only job is tokyup with the best brand name mattress and unbeatable price they're not selling lamps one day
And so for the next and then maybe mattress is once in a while and believe you me they know their stuff
They'll hook you up with exactly what you like to sleep on and the top brands in the world they got them all
They got Serta, Seely, Simmons, Kingcoyle they got kings they got queens they got twins they got whatever you want
And when you call that number you pick the day into our window any day seven days wait for delivery when it's convenient for you when you're going to be there anyway
Instead of sitting around waiting all day praying that somebody shows up
And dial amatrus also gives you that unbeatable 30 day in home comfort guarantee so you test it out the right way by sleeping on it up to a month
To make sure it's the right one for you and your back
So if you want to start getting a great night sleep tonight and every night for years to come
Pick up that phone right now and call dial amatrus 1-800 mattress 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S
Or check out on the web at macfruis.com
We are supporting you on 5-60-Q-A-M
W-Q-A-M
Hello this is Albert Gendelierro
For years I've been shopping in the Husky section if you know what I mean
I was born 14 pounds six ounces and I've been growing ever since
Okay?
I'm 5'8'' anyway you want to measure me
But I am not alone
And now me and my fellow horizontally challenged people are facing our biggest crisis to date
No Wendy's is not canceling a 99 cent menu
I'm talking about the airline and just be now at the charges for two seats
That's why I started practice
Forget about two seats
Here's a deal
If I'm gonna pay for two seats I want two of everything
Two movies, two meals, two of them sky more catalogs and especially two bags of peanuts
And this is not negotiable
If I'm the man cannot be met
Me and my fellow men of birth will start reserving all the IOC
So you're regular people, not being able to get it in hell if you want
So if you are exceptionally large join me in my fight
Pick up four of our brochures with a picture of our celebrity spokesperson John Gellie's final cover
You can get him any of Mario's big and tall stories
Because don't forget all men will create equal
Even if the width of the bus worth, thank you for your support
You're welcome
Hey the Peter people are gonna be really pissed with you, better go vegetarian
It's 10.1.5.60.12
But that's what I just did
Fardy?
And beside that I printed out this story from the Harold Molly Ivens column today in the op-ed page and guess what?
It's nice, big, pretty, looks beautiful just like all the other stuff I print out
So now you can read Haliburton
Hey Rich, you better get with it baby
Let's see, which of these women you most strongly think is a beard for gay celebrities?
I guess all of the above is gonna be the crank vote because that wasn't getting anything and all of a sudden it's got 23
Elizabeth Taylor 23
Lisa Marie Pressley 13
None of the above 10
Britney Spears 8
Anna Cornelhoia 8
Brooke Shield 6
Janet Jackson 2
And JLo has got none which I find that highly amusing
I mean to me she, I didn't vote for her but she's certainly one of the most suspect
Since her first husband turned out to be a gay dancer or something like that
And then her second husband was a peed diddly
And then she, the third marriage lasted about about a week and a half
Right?
I just, you know, I could be wrong about that
Anyway, Cheney, see I'm still not gonna get to my pot story here but I'll get to it
And then we got the monk thing and Cheney won't release energy papers
We need a 20 hour show, okay?
But I'm sure that our entire audience who was busy watching American Idol last night
I'm sure they wrote all of this stuff
I'm sure they were well informed
They're probably being Tom Jikers column
You know what Tom's writing about today?
I give up
Well, it's not really an article, it's the cooking show schedule
I'm serious, I want you to go right now on a Sunsendle website, seriously
Okay, click it up, you on it?
I'm getting there
Sunsendle
And then on the left hand side where you're like scrolling the menu
You got it?
I'm getting there
Jesus, is that thing slower?
What? I have to answer
You got it?
All right, wait, something's sentinel, do you want me to spell it for you?
I'm the left hand side where it says loading
Where it says columns?
What do you mean it's loading?
I'm connecting the hose, looking up hose
Oh, come on
You see what I mean about Bell South?
A few people, if I click that out right here, it's on there within a half a second
Like it should be on a real computer, you know what I'm saying?
Okay, it's on the real high speed internet connection
On the left hand side where it says channels?
Columns, columns, not channels, columns, COL, UMNS, columns
Am I going too fast for you?
No, I just don't see that
Okay, I'll get on it with you, okay?
Okay, let's do it together
Let me swing the mic over here by my LSE
SunSentinel.com, I just clicked it on my LSE, and there it is!
How long does that take about a quarter of a second?
Yeah
On the left hand side it says news, okay?
You got that?
Yeah
South Florida, nation, world, Cuba, columns, columns
Have you got it?
Nope
It's in the channel's list, he says
Okay, there it is
You want to have a different menu than I got
How is that?
Well anyway, if you got some central columnist
I got news, columns, okay?
Features, columnist, Tom Jicca, TV and radio, click that on
Okay?
I'm finding it
Oh, this is just unbelievable!
I'm never coming back, I'm not coming back to a new neck I'm serious!
I'm not coming back to this new video
Okay, and what does the first one say today?
September 5th, 2002, what does it say?
What does it say?
It says TV cooking shows schedule
Absolutely correct sir!
And this is a guy who's writing about how I'm
Lost touch with a South Florida scene?
I thought you were lying!
Now let me say this to you, Tom, because I don't have the physical paper myself
But it would seem to me that if this is the guy who's the TV radio writer for the Sun Sentinel
What should he be writing about today?
What every other TV person in North America, not just America, but including up here in Canada
What they all wrote about today and what was that?
American freaking idol last night in the winner and the two-hour blowjob
And that whole thing, you know?
By the way, since I also thought you were kidding about his new picture
Oh! He blew up like a bullfrog!
Twice the size of the old picture and he read it, read in the face
Exactly!
So, I mean, if you want to find out about the cooking shows, there's what Tom's got for you
What he should be writing about was that Fox show last night American Idol!
That was a two-hour blowjob
Well, beside that!
And he doesn't have it.
Now I could be wrong!
In fact, maybe you'll want to get the Sun Sentinel, maybe somebody there in the building will bring it to you
The lifestyle, entertain whatever they call it, lively parts
Because I could be wrong, maybe he did, right?
But if he did, it's not on a website, which anyway, what today's lifestyles?
I have that
You got it?
Yeah
Is there a column in there about American Idol?
How about Eric Idol?
How about idling the engine?
Which is what we're doing here now, and starting to piss everybody off and fling the audience up here
No, nothing!
Nice go on, little Tommy!
But I sure am very concerned about the TV cooking schedule
Cheney unqualified a champion war on Iraq rights Texas is Molly Iverns today
Austin, Texas, excuse me, I don't want to be tacky or anything
But hasn't it occurred to anyone in Washington that sending Vice President Dick Cheney out to champion an invasion of Iraq on the grounds
That Saddam Hussein is a murderous dictator, as somewhere between bad taste and flaming hypocrisy
When Cheney was CEO of the World Field Supply from Haliburton, the company did $23.8 million in business with Hussein
The evil duo are prepared to share his weapons of mass destruction with terrorists
So let's who's saying is the world's worst leader, how come Cheney sold him the equipment to get his dilapidated oil fields up and running
So we could afford to build weapons of mass destruction
In 1998, the United Nations passed a resolution allowing Iraq to buy spare parts for its oil fields
But other sanctions remained in place and the U.S. is consistently pressured the UN to stop exports of medicine
And other needed supplies in the grounds that they could have dual use
As the former secretary of defense under President Bush the Elder, Cheney was a particularly vulnerable position on the hypocrisy of doing business with Iraq
Although in 1991 after the Gulf War he told a group of oil industry executives that he was emphatically against trying to topple Hussein
Using two subsidiaries, Dresser Rand and Ingersoll Dresser, Haliburton helped rebuild Hussein's war-damaged oil fields
The combined value of these contracts for parts and equipment was greater than that of any other American company doing business with Iraq
Companies included Schlumberj, Flosser, Fisher Rosemount, General Electric
They acted through foreign subsidiaries or associated companies in France, Belgium, Germany, India, Switzerland, Bahrain, Egypt and the Netherlands
In several cases it's clear that the European companies did no more than loan their names to American firms for the purpose of dealing with Hussein
Iraq then became America's second largest Middle Eastern oil supplier
The story was initially reported by the financial times of London more than two years ago
And since it's been more extensively reported in the European press
But as we've seen in the case of Harkin Energy and many other stories
There's a difference between a story having been reported and having attention paid to it
A distinction many journalists have trouble with
Thus the administration was able to dismiss the new information on shady dealings at Harkin as old news because not much attention was ever paid when the old news was new
When Cheney left Haliburton he received a $34 million severance package
Despite the fact that the single biggest deal of his five-year career there, the acquisition of Dresser Industries, turned out to be a huge blunder
Because the company came settled with us bestest liability
On the campaign trail Cheney often claimed that he'd been out in the private sector creating jobs
The first thing he did after the Dresser merger was lay off 10,000 people
Haliburton America's number one oil services company is the nation's fifth largest military contractor
And the biggest non-union employer in the U.S.
It employs more than a hundred thousand workers worldwide and does more than $15 billion a year
Haliburton under Cheney dealt with several brutal dictatorships including the despicable government of Burma
The company also played questionable roles in Algeria and Gola, Bosnia, Croatia, Haiti, Somalia and Indonesia
Haliburton also had dealings with Iran and Libya both on the State Department's list of terrorist states
Haliburton subsidiary Brown & Ruth, the old Texas construction firm that does much business with U.S. military, was fined $3.8 million for re-exporting goods to Libya in violation of U.S. sanctions
If you want to know why the Democrats didn't jump all over this story and make a big deal out of it, it's because as usual, Democrats are involved in similar dealings
Former CIA director John Doitch is on the board of Schlumberj, the second largest oil services firm after Haliburton, which is also doing business with Iraq through subsidiaries
Americans have long been aware that corporate money is consistently corrupted domestic policy in favor of corporate interest
And that both parties are enthralled a huge corporate campaign donors
We are less accustomed to connecting the dots when it comes to foreign policy
But there is no more evidence that corporations pay attention waiting other than profits in their foreign dealings than they do in their domestic deals
And Ron, as usual, provides some textbook examples of just how in different human rights American companies can be, Haliburton's dealings in Nigeria, would I say that right?
In partnership with Shell and Chevron, provide another such example, including gross human rights violations and environmental abuses
No one is ever going to argue that Hussein is a good guy, but Cheney is not the right man to make the case against him
I've never understood why the Washington Press Corps can't remember anything for longer than 10 minutes
But hearing Cheney denounce who's saying is truly, give us a break time
Right, Molly Ivans, thank you Rich Pacta, because otherwise I wouldn't have seen the article
And didn't I do myself a big service by printing it out like in print that somebody could read with a human eye?
Yes, man
I'm serious, you saw the side of that print?
There are ants, or at least there used to be before Steve came
There used to be ants in my kitchen that were bigger than that print
Molly Ivans, no wonder she's the bane of the old bushmeister, you know?
Anyway, Canadian Senate panel urges legalization of pot
All right
A Canadian Senate committee recommended yesterday that marijuana be legalized
How do you like that?
Cannabis should be from here on legal and restricted use so that Canadians can choose whether to consume or not in security
So that Senator Pierre Claude Nolan, a progressive conservative party member from Quebec Province
He spoke at a news conference announcing the final report of the special committee on illegal drugs which he cheered
The government should give amnesty, wait till you hear this line, okay?
Okay, I'm waiting
We're talking about the Canadian government
The government should give amnesty to anyone convicted of marijuana possession under current or past legislation and erased their records, Nolan said
All right
How do you like that?
I like it a lot
What do you hear any politician in America talking stuff like that?
I don't think so
No
Let's clone him
Domestic and international experts and Canadians from every walk of life told us loud and clear
That we should not be imposing criminal records on users or on duly provading use personal use of cannabis Nolan said
The committees report will be considered by lawmakers
Evidence indicates that cannabis is less harmful than alcohol and undermines the idea that smoking pot leads to harder drugs the committee said
The report recommends the legal age for possession and consumption as 16 said Dave Newman committee spokesman will be regulated similar to the way alcohol is
16
Oh my god
Nolan said make no mistake we're not endorsing cannabis use for recreational consumption whether or not an individual uses marijuana should be a personal choice that is not subject to criminal penalties
But we've come to a conclusion that as a drug it should be regulated by the state much as we do for wine and beer
Hence our preference for legalization over decriminalization
Which legalization of course is a much greater step
Yes, the report says the appropriate level of THC and marijuana for recreation will be 13%
THC is the main act of component of cannabis as some of you might know by accident of course by doing research
Many of the products illegally on the market now have a much higher THC level he said the committee also recommended a revision of the regulations regarding medicinal use of marijuana
Legalization would ultimately result in less recreational use of marijuana the panel believes it would also take a load off the criminal justice system and hurt organized crime
The report said gosh all of this makes so much goddamn sense
The panel also recommended that laws on driving out of the influence of alcohol drugs should be amended to lower permitted alcohol levels to 40 milligrams of alcohol per 100 millimetres of blood in the presence of other drugs
Especially but not exclusively cannabis and to admit evidence from expert police officers trained in detecting persons operating vehicles under the influence of drugs
Senator Colin Kinney a liberal party member from Ottawa who's the panel's deputy chair said no one on the committee wants to see an increase in drug use
New and sedenations minister of justice will take a look at the report and determine whether the government wants to put on so just like a agenda and I bet you died because they do crispy cream that is
I need that
10-13, oh we got the right time on it and I was going to I think that happens automatically on mine or something
10-13 at 5-60 WQ-Y-M
Let me tell you about pizza lofts I'm excited news coming from our good close personal ponytail friend Jeff Cohen was in the studio was it Tuesday?
Yes, he was in there Tuesday feeding the troops and telling us that the brand new pizza loft in plantation will be opening he said seven to 10 days so any day now keep your eye peeled
Okay, that's what Marcy says over there Walgreens keep your eye peeled she'll have a look out on it for you
Pizza loft are still going strong in their regular brow location where the how long have they been in there now a couple years for 4-3-4-5-6-100
And getting bigger and better all the time they're on university drive and the pizza loft plans to right be on pier when imports kitty corn
The armadillo cafe and of course between the 5-95 and Griffin Road that's a tough stretch by the way, you know yes?
So you want to maybe cop through in but you will find once you get there tons and tons of free parking waiting for it to pizza lofts
And of course some of the best child you've had in a long time at very very reasonable prices everything made fresh
The kitchen is sparkling clean you can eat off the floor in fact you're probably seeing Jeff doing that when you go in
And they have delivery for you to they got delivery and take out and catering for lowest five bucks per person call 954-916-8880
93 different kinds of great pizza unbelievable garlic rolls audio Italian favorites all waiting for you at the world flaming pizza loft
And don't forget the brand new pizza loft novel and sunrise right beyond Walgreens opening any moment
I am not a Nazi
That was funny
Cheers
She's telling lies
And keeping fail
A thing she hopes that we believe
I hope all the students 20 years in fairs of business
Like a
Loose the
I ride
I hope all the students 20 years in fairs of business
Are you sure?
But I'm sure that she somehow and doubt it leave will come
So much is lost up for chance inside a training cost a million but I'm so how she thinks
It's a big mistake
Sinking the life and her attitude
She's a nonsense dance
But she's a prudent through it all she just keeps making food
I hope all the students 20 years in fairs of business
Like a rough end
Loose the
I hope all the students 20 years in fairs of business
But I'm sure that she somehow and doubt it leave will come
Can I teen it five six you guess what I find out that I'm back here boy a little slow on the uptick you know I give up what what they did
I guess Monday right this week right I started doing a show from here again and I forgot all the good stuff I got here now you probably be put off by my plan just a little bit of this bit
Because you don't like her that much
But you don't like her way she sings in English
I like her
Great
A lot
I think she's
She's
She really
I
Mean you know Jilla
You don't have to think you got out of there
So
Where
Okay, that's an upshick here. But she is she's great. Let's see that poll which of these women are you most the most what is it well see it just click again
Which of these women you most strong strong we think is a beard for gay celebrities
Liz batteler 31 all of the above 27 Lisa Marie Presley 20 all but she's a Scientologist you know. Yeah, no that's instant
Numbly above 11 Britney Spears 9. How do you like that? That's kind of interesting and you want to know why you want to know Britney got the nine votes
I don't want one clue one clue
Bye bye bye him and a corner hole you ate Brook Shield 6 J. I was up to five now you finally came to your senses and
Janet Jackson 3 out of 120 votes
Who's Janet Jackson supposedly doing now some food cake which one is it?
I don't know wasn't she doing it on or somebody?
Obviously I don't know
Anyway, let's get back to business you know I get the feeling that it could be wrong
But I have the feeling that is a yesterday. We kind of like turn the corner
At least on this show and of course the rest of the station like I said now that football's back no more excuses
Now let's start really getting to the high gear. We screwed around during the summer
I had my long busman's holiday my big you know do a Tuesday here a Thursday there
We sit half of the time which I didn't enjoy very much
But you know what I'm talking about now it's get down to brass tax
You know I'm saying I know you're saying I think when I read that article by Cheryl
Sirius today at least on this show that kind of like turn the corner and now we're getting down to brass tax and
Even I even thanked rich Pacto day which I thought was incredible seeing the size of the print that story I
Mean how do you do that? How do you um maybe it's a shrink to fit kind of thing
Shrink to fit one page if you're real cheap
I don't want to say rich Pacto's cheap
But I'm sure that Paul Harvey Jr. would agree with that. You know, we don't take his boring calls anymore
Well, I tell you one thing. I think for no other reason that just than that
It's good. We stop taking calls on this show no comment Paul Harvey Jr. You're a good close personal friend
I mean he got so pondress now this story if this doesn't frost your ass
Which I told George before the show and he was almost speechless
In fact, I think that this story requires
sound effect
From
The
The city city can't it might be accurate
But justice department acknowledged yesterday
It's in an email to Louisiana State University's biomedical research and training center to immediately cease and assist from
Employing researcher Steve and Hatville on department-funded programs. You know that person of interest?
Yeah
Hatville is one of several people
Under scrutiny by the FBI and the investigation of last falls deadly. Oh, I see I wasn't prepared last falls deadly
Attacks
Five people including two postal employees died of
Hatville's not been charged with any crime though
The statement by assistant attorney general Deborah Daniels did not explain why the department sent a strongly worded message
August 1st LSU placed hand-pull on administrative leave the following day it fired him this week as we are told yesterday
The department has not been involved in any decisions made by LSU with respect to mr.
Hatville status as an employer of that university Daniel said much of the funding for LSU's National Center for Biomedical Research and Training where Hatville
Work comes from the Justice Department University officials said following that
I got it much of the funding for LSU's National Center for Biomedical Research and Training where Hatville work comes from the Justice Department University
Officials said the Center helps prepare emergency personnel for bio-terror attacks Hatville an expert on bioterrorism threats was hired around the first of July
LSU officials said the decision to fire Hatville was unrelated to the government email which they said did not reach top university officials until Wednesday
Earlier this week LSU Chancellor Mark Emmer told CNN the decision was based solely upon the university's long-term interests
citing the need to protect its academic academic integrity whatever the hell that means
Justice Department officials requesting anonymity
Decline to defend sending the email one official said the decision to send it was made by the office of domestic preparedness based on their own criteria
the Boon the
Rashstag
Which which Nazi Department of the government that they just invented here last month sent that out the office of domestic
Preparedness whatever the hell that is
But the officials had no information on what the criteria were or whether Daniels was even aware that the message had been set
Daniels overseas the office of justice programs
Which includes the off the ODP the office of domestic preparedness not to be confused though confused with your orifice you following all of this
Never heard of that office
Pat Claus and the serving as Hatville spokesman told CNN the Hatville first heard the email yesterday
He complained that the Justice Department had given LSU no reason why should terminate his employment
It would be nice that the Justice Department would give us a reason as to why didn't want Steve Hatville working on his process
Project Claus and said he's one of the countries top bio-defense experts. We need him protecting America
We don't need him on the sidelines right now
The message was written by Timothy Burriss who's acting director of the ODP and reports to Daniels
It was unclear whether Burriss cleared the email before sending it or whether it was prompted by Attorney General John
Ascroft's comment that Hatville was a person of interest to anthrax investigators
What was clear the official said was that Burriss did not consult with the Justice Department or FBI criminal investigators conducting the anthrax probe
The controversial email directs that Louisiana State University Academy of Counter Terrorist Education
Immediately cease and assist from utilizing the subject matter expert and course instructor duties of Stephen J.
Hatville on all Department of Justice funded programs
Boy, do you see a lawsuit coming here or what? Yeah, just I mean I mean just gigantic
Daniels appeared to offer a partial depends of the message in her statement last night
It is a specific condition of our grant to us you that we maintain management oversight and control
Stephen J. Hatville served as a subject matter expert on bio terrorism and was one of the primary instructors used an LSU's training program Daniel said
Kloss and told CNN the actions by LSU in the Justice Department
Should spur all Americans to ask some questions and he is
Where is it that the Attorney General gets authority to put an accusatory finger at a citizen without leveling any kind of formal charges
Where does the Justice Department get the power to get him answer out of his job?
Plus and be asking if the Justice Department has some evidence on Steve Hatville then by all means charge him
But quit destroying his life
Lawson said God damn it
Jesus
1027 at 560 WQM. Do you know I didn't even cross out the last break see that's that's unusual that's very unusual
That's because we need seven hours today
We don't want to win fringe on that football talk don't especially our good close personal friend mad dog
And by the way, I know that Johnson's name is hoody mad dog
You hear that in the beginning miss show yesterday when he said please uncle Neil tell uncle Neil is the first name is get it right
It's not Billy Bob. That was a joke. That was like a little sarcastic mad dog. I know you X-Jocks don't always there not quick on the uptake
Who do you believe Bob Johnson is that okay?
The asshole from Augusta anyway speaking of great places. Well Augusta is a great place
It's beautifully just don't like women. Hey at Brandy's day like women
They like men. They like children. They like everybody who wants shoes everybody who's got feet. That's right
Brandy's will say to the best election of great shoes
I mean they got them all they got all the brand names like rock ports
SAS spirit timberland naturalizer and lots more and unbeatable prices
They got people to know your feet inside and out and people like that. They like good service
They like great selection, but most important in anything people want the best prices in town
That's what you'll always get at Brandy's believe you me Brandy's is open every day nine to nine Sundays 10 to five
And you'll find them in a same grade location
They've been fitting people's feet right for years and years 1290 North Federal Highway and prestigious
Pompano Beach where that one politician is running around naked all this wicked Brandy's into final clearance sale take 50% off all red tag or red label
Famous Brands shoes this week in prestigious Pompano Beach. That's Brandy
Local here sports radio five 60s you a you a yeah
Gotta keep your Johnson straight here. Hey man John Bon Jovi here for the John Bon Jovi School of music success
Today's lesson is on how to become filthy rich and famous in rock and roll
First thing to do is very important make sure no one in your band is better looking than the lead singer like me
If they are better looking or start to look cool kick them out of your band man like I did to our old bass player guy
If your lead singer isn't good looking or thin make him your drummer
And if he's still too fat get him life-os suction like we did to what's his name back there
Which is our keyboard player whoever is old good friend of mine. Okay. Lastly songwriting is very important
Especially if you don't have my talent or the ability to screw young bands out of their publishing rights for a record deal
Sorry skid row
But then do what I do if a catchphrase or names work for the first few times then stay with it man
These people will buy any crap you put out there unless it's a solo project
So I heard for example names you all remember Tommy and Gina from living on a prayer
Well guess what they're back in it's my life and my brilliant or what hey and what about six string?
Yep, it's in one a dead or alive right loaded six string on my back and
Living on a prayer time is gotta six doing it hard get it man. This is so easy
So take the John Bon Jovi school of music success any resemblance between John Bon Jovi and intelligence was purely coincidental now
You wonder why I play that what you play that guess who opened the rank the opening belt of Wall Street today John Bon Jovi good guess
Governor of Kandahar survives assassination drown out these two separate stories because also president Karzai a survival
President of Afghanistan is still unclear
What is clear is that these two gentlemen work together outside of the governor's palace hearing Kandahar
They were just a boat in a car trying to get into a car together when according to an eyewitness that I just spoke with
He was standing about ten yards away
An AMF soldier that would be a soldier friendly to the US government that a soldier that belongs to the new Afghan
government open fire on the governor of
Kandahar he apparently has been wounded in his neck
Apparently it is thought to be a slight wound that he was braised in it
According to this eyewitness that John Gunman the the Afghan soldier was then gun down himself
Uh the president of Afghanistan how many cars I was surrounded by special forces security and west away
And the governor of Kandahar was brought here to the Kandahar air base where he is currently actually right near me here on the base
receiving medical attention back here. Okay, so there's good news tonight. Okay Kandahar governor is still he is gonna be okay
And cars are surviving they didn't get him yet
Okay, next time
Well, I mean, you know, I hate to say it but it looks like it just a matter of time because you'll have all these loonies running around over there
They still have chaos and they we didn't have anything even resembling one stable government but nevertheless
You mean we're just gonna have a good time. We didn't round them up and get them all
Don't start being anti-government now mister. They're gonna come around your ass up. Okay?
They're gonna be there's gonna be a fat one you if you don't watch it
Oh, let's see Joe asked me to send this to you someday somebody might show up
Joe cost all when he asked you that he didn't ask me. Yes, Miguel. That was Miguel that wrote that
Oh, Miguel is he still around? He's around. I think we are playing golf or something like that now
Maybe have a little early lunch with Doreen
Join Joe Costello this Saturday 11 and one of these singular wireless located at 2299
Possibly on Boulevard in Coral Gables stop by for prices registered when tickets to watch the marlins play the ex-boze
Oh, no wonder Joe wants me to read this are you kidding me the marlins in the ex-boze? Oh, oh
The 18th from the QM skybox though you have a good time out there
Hang around with Ray Perry
Some of our sales holes. We want to get a cheap drunk
So I stopped by 11 of one singular wireless this what is it Saturday with to see Joe Costello my close personal friend
Woman sue Syracuse diocese for 20 million dollars before I get to that story now. Did you notice the hemorrhid thing here?
Yes, I did
Well haven't I told you that I told you and you laugh to me hemorrhids are varicose veins of the rectum what is what it says here?
I told you that so probably I wouldn't surprise me. I mean if Moe has got varicose veins that big no wonder he's such a pain in the ass
Right, oh, that's right. You can't comment because you need the job
But that I'll say it myself. That's why maybe he's such a big pain in the ass because he's got big bulging
varicose veins that display prominently when he's out there playing golf in his checkered plaid the golf shorts
That's what the beast told me
Woman sue Syracuse diocese for 20 million dollars a woman who received counseling after having a sexual relationship with a priest here
And another thing that wiki wears you know would double as a whoopee cushion wiki
Huh? No, no seriously when you got bad hemorrhids you got a lot of people have to sit on those rubber what do they call those the rubber ring that donut
Very good. They do call those donuts as a matter of fact crispy cream
In fact in crispy creams they got a special section in the back for people who are paying an ass like Moe
I was just going to back okay
Like Robert De Niro was telling what's your name in a good fellas. Yeah over there over there in the back
Yeah right around the corner. I know
I gotta go now. I gotta go
Now right right there right down there
Hey there
A woman received counseling after having
That you know it wasn't that good of a movie, but it didn't have its mouth. I'll say that and I had some great
The garlic with the razor blade. Yeah, you'll
Yeah, that's right when it hits it had its moments
Okay, I may get in the story or not as the case may be a woman who received counseling after having a sexual relationship about
Preest 30 years ago as soon the Roman Catholic diocese of Syracuse for 20 million bucks
You go girl
Oh, and look at this Victoria love 48 of Rochester
Will receive a 17,710 dollar settlement from the diocese in 1993 is the fifth person this year to suit the diocese that just in Syracuse over
Let's sexual abuse by priest
She was married five times said her lawyer Frank Polis-Cellie. She can't maintain relationships. She can't trust
She suffers throughout her life because of this abuse
Polis-Cellie filed a suit for love in states of preemcord and Anandaga County Wednesday
The suit also names the Reverend William Lawrence. I wonder if he's related to Jim Lawrence does the color on these neighbors games
I hope not he does a good job. By the way with Rick Jenner rent you know Jim Lawrence
The suit I bet you're fat boy does the suit also names Reverend William Lawrence and Bishop James Moynihan
Who's probably no relation to John Moynihan that used to work on QA and remember him sure?
Do you know? Yeah, you do we probably even have a jingle in here somewhere
I bet you let me let me look under the jingles. I bet you got a
Like I said you're quicker than I am
The assistant spokesman Daniel Cummings told the post standard of Syracuse and Thursday's editions today meaning that the diocese
Had not been served with the suit and was unable to comment nobody wants to comment at anything
The suit claims Lorenzo was a guidance counselor with the former Oswego Catholic high school 1970 when he began a decade-long
sexual relationship with love who was then Victoria Vinal Moore
Love a lady she was a minor when she went to Lorenzo talk about abuse by a foster parent
Instead of counseling her the suit ledges he got her drug and had sexual relations with her
They continue to have sexual relations in his car and a church rectumry until late seventies the suit said
The suit also will edge the defendant's conspired to conceal Lorenzo's criminal sexual conduct
And defrauded parishioners to protect predatory priests from prosecution. How unusual that is
Diosis in officials learned of Lorenzo's relationship when love contacted church officials in 1993
The diocese paid love that over 17 grand for counseling and sent Lorenzo to St. Luke Institute
A psychiatric hospital in Maryland one-hand permitted Lorenzo resume parish work in 1995 and on NIDA after experts at the hospital clear to oh
Yeah, he's okay now
The suit said that I see speech the 1993 settlement by lowering the rents to return to the ministry and by failing to keep the agreement confidential
The settlement in which love re-ealist the diocese in the rent from liability was void because it was obtained under false pre-penses
The suit said
How do you like that
Nice young lady from Rochester screwed up for the rest of her life because of this
Fondling priest
At least it was a woman this time. I was just gonna say at least now we're getting to run on women
Which probably really pisses them off. Oh there at the channel seven
Because you know one of the things that it's written in their contract at channel
We're not talking about women right see I got to that one first mind this time. Nice to know. Thank you
good about time
Anyway, how's that pull come and speak in a woman which of these women you most strongly believe is a beard for gay celebrities and boy
There sure are some well there have to be you know
Sure Elizabeth Taylor 42. See I would not have voted for her because I consider her to be more like a fag
Hag is opposed to being a beard
I think maybe our audience needs a little instructions to the difference between a fag
Hag and a beard a
Fag Hag is just somebody who constantly surrounds herself with gay people and gay causes like listaylor is always done in between fainting spells and the
Fats of fit and popping pills right as opposed to like a
Beard who was somebody who dates and even marries gay people to make it look like maybe just maybe oh
You think we should have had Nicole Kim and I was just gonna say that god damn it too late. No, it's too late
No putting Nicole Kim and on the Eric okay put down that god damn cross sandwich without the egg
That's what I used to get I used to get him like with cheese with no egg
Yeah, that's good because I hate uh egg. Oh, I like I'm like you know that
I said what the hell man. Let's cross sandwiches of bacon and cheese or ham and cheese
Mmm. I could sure go for one right now. Yeah, there's a burger king not too far from where I'm gonna jump out the window and go get some
You know
Anyway, listaylor 44 all of the above 32 least in Marie Presley 25. We're gonna get Nicole Kim and honor none of the above 15
Britney Spears tied with Anna Cornel Horia 11
I'm surprised that we have 11 people out there as sharp as I am that Anna Cornel Horia she ain't fooling me with those treat drunk legs
I still think she's a dice. I only hope
Brook Shields. Yeah, of course you hope Brook Shields six J. L. O five and Janet Jackson's on the bottom. She be having five
Probably want to vote so that's
He is the best, Amy
Writing around with your windows down
I'll us up on the show right now
We've got a vacancy in the hotel
We'll talk about men till your penis swells
How fast they run and how good they look
And pass along tips for your cookie to vote
Hello sports fans. Let's talk about Ricky Wellen while we're in over again and
Elvis grew up
My voice is higher and higher till I start sounding like
Adam talking about Henry men and loving it and some side issues like where are all the writer trucks remember those
Housey on days where there were writers from the smell of musty-woovers blanket that blithened so well with eating a sandwich
up cruising along in the afternoon
Talking about ignorant sport whole goals
A juxtaphing old dangle their balls like a bell
And about how good their juxtap smells
Yeah, let's talk about women except to say
He's got a nice patch of real estate
Hey, she came
Would you believe like a thing don't study for students
I have on the line my whole friend but
Raw
Sorry about that I meant big free back
We're basically all spring all around whole trick
They're not fooling anybody call us
I don't think that's kind of aggravation
I make plenty of money
Don't even need to give so blow it up your ass my friend
So if I can sit here in the lex and wear my charm
It takes a real man to do a radio show and wear a tie
Okay, you got to get your Johnson's trademark dog 1045 at 560 WQ I am
Too pre-siping it in the deposition of refuse to win some questions by a lawyer
Defending and apprentice monk accused of killing an on the McCampus of a religious academy
This is in the St. P. Times today no less
Holy cross academies too high as officials the Reverend Abbott Gregory went and his assistant
The Reverend Damien Jibot in both their fifth and Emma writes on Tuesday
I want to please related that Jibot crowd from what's the name of the show the young and a horny
Isn't that the name of the
perfume the cosmetics company that they all work for Jibot something like that
But that's a bad show the priest was scheduled for questioning in the case against 20-year-old
Michael Leo something co-fell I know that first name I had trouble the first time
Or something like that now mic chileau mic chileau co-fell very good a Ukrainian national who was charged last year with the murder of sister
Michelle Lewis the non's body was found naked in her home at the school in Kendall in Kendall
Oi and highly congested Kendall
They police a co-fell was played at innocent confessed to the March 25th 2001 stabbing of Lewis 39 telling him she'd been verbally abusive to him
He's also co-policed that went and Jibot sexually abused him and accusations school officials vigorously denied
They'd prosecute his own through investigation into co-fell's claims of abuse by the priest
No one's been charged other novice monk denied being molested by the holy cross administrators
lawyers for the priest that co-fell's lawyer could try to use the allegation to argue co-fell was
Psychologically damaged bisexual abuse
If the state continues to believe that father rabbit and father Damien are under suspicion of wrong doing father Damien
Then it would be malpractice for an attorney to allow them to answer questions
They might be misused against them male black and Richard Hirsch attorneys for wet and Jibot said in the statement
The priest will only answer questions from the state of attorneys be saying father Damien
That's an old man, isn't it?
Yeah, father Damien how's that intercom deal coming oh yeah
Commissioner show yesterday. They're hot and heavy rumors about intercom
Which is the fourth largest radio broadcasting company in America and who had gigantic second quarter earnings way up
By the way, which is unusual in a down economy
Rumors about them buying out because in 2002 years ago one being honest to us
Of course and also one owned of the SAC because they are they forgot
The bought
What was it 500 time I got it right here enormous amounts of bees least stock and we better talk nice about them because they might be owning us pretty soon
How much was it? I forgot right now. How is my story about
Here it is somewhere. Boy, I'm you know something. I'm gonna have to start getting like what you call it file folders
Yes, I just got too much crap laying around. There's my Tom Brady sports illustrated sitting prominently displayed. How you doing Tommy?
Let's see bees Lee's here
785,000 plus shares of bees Lee between April 17th and December 27th of the year
2000 unbeknownst to us and the SEC
I just mentioned that in passing and the mainline in that article their mainlining
Beasley continues to talk with intercom and other companies about being bought a person familiar with the situation said
That's from Reuters so there's a very very solid chance that it might be true. How do you like that? Huh?
I like it. I mean, I know you like it
Now you see you shouldn't be saying that because you might not get the rest of that bonus. I mean, yeah, whatever what difference does it make?
Boy denies killing father says sex partner did it now. I'm sure you've been watching court TV. Yeah. Yeah
And CNN and MSNBC
Yeah, they're not gonna call it MSNBC anymore. They're gonna call it the MSNBC
To see if they can get the Jew would use the tune in yeah, we give you the MS on the news
You think it's gonna help? No, no, not especially if they have that fat guy in there. He's Jewish too. What's his name?
Jerry I don't know the big fat law at Nockman. You don't even know who the hell I did
You know what Nockman means in Hebrew? No Nelson. Oh
Nockman is Hebrew for Nelson and I have one question for you. Yes, where is Nelson? How do you like that?
You're talking to her very anyway boy. Did I just killing father says sex partner didn't a teenage boy was accused of killing his father
What is it a teenage boy accused of killing his father testified yesterday that an adult male neighbor with whom he was emotionally and sexually involved
What the actual killer that he and his brother reluctantly agreed to take the blame after being coached on what to tell authorities?
I still say a fry all three of them just to be sure sure
Alex King 13 and its 14-year-old brother Derek are charged with first degree murder in arson
Accused of beating to that their father to be king in their home then setting fired the house in the small
Pensacola community of cantiment both are being tried as adults. I'm sure I'm not pronouncing that right either
Calls with your pronouncing cantiment
If convicted of first degree murder the voice-based mandatory penalty of lacking prison without parole the maximum penalty for arsonist 30 years in prison
The two boys whom prosecutors say used a bat to kill their father initially confessed to the crime
It's not always easy to use a bat to kill somebody because they have a tendency to fly away
They later recanted their story saying it was a friend Ricky Chavez-Porty who's through their father
That's what Bella LaGosy told me in a rare moment of candor
In a rare legal move Chavez was tried for kings murder before a different jury last week
And the bird is under seal until the boys trial is over no relation to a Cheryl seal
Chavez is denied killing the boys father
Alex King told the jury when they that chavez was the one who beat his father to death
He said he and his brother were a chavez home last time remember when the killing took place
Chavez said there have been a fight between him and my dad and said that my dad was dead
He said he'd killed my dad to protect us Alex said he said my dad never would let us live with him
Chavez and never would let us go
He said my dad would have killed us before he let us go
wearing a light blue dress shirt and tie with his hair neatly cropped ugly Alex showed little emotion as he spoke about his version of events
He is really extraordinarily ugly little kid and he
I well yeah the little one he extremely ugly not that that makes a difference
But since you're picking on Chuck for being ugly I would say that Alex by any stretch of the imagination is a hell of a lot
uglier than Chuck ever would hope to be
Ask how he felt when Chavez allegedly told the news Alex said I was kind of angry that he kept saying he had done it for me
At one point he said Chavez left to burn down their house where their father's remains inside
When he came back he said that there had been a fire and that the fire hadn't burned up everything
It was then that Chavez said he couldn't go to prison and then began pressing the two boys to confess to the killing Alex said
It was saying that if we took the blame we'd get off on self-defense because we're juveniles Alex said I believe the kids, you know
Sure, don't you absolutely?
And this reminds me of the new England what what that was her name?
Her name was smart pack smart Pam Pam smart. Yes, does that remind you of that sure exactly? She had the kids killer husband because
abusive
Right
Didn't she get married to some dyker something in jail?
Was that her?
She was having lesbian or antics while in prison. Oh no and you didn't get to see it. I tried video or six
Video at six and WSBK
Ask whether he and his brother immediately agreed to take the heady respotted no sir
We're sometime before we agreed to take the story to take the blame
Chavez then coached the boys over a period of about two days is to what to tell authorities
He said we were talking about it almost constantly
Alex said he kept going over it until we got it all right
But Alex announced he smoked marijuana that night his dead was killed that in the weeks before the killing
He and his brother ran away from home to live with chavez
He said he planned to stay with chavez until he was at least 16
He said his father did not know about the relationship with chavez
Which in this story for some reason what is this from from CNN they neglect all of the sexual details
I was uh on and on the pad pulling yeah a lot of tad pulling and a lot of just plain pulling going on
Alex also worked out telling other juveniles the detention center that he is brother killed their father
He also said he had not smoked marijuana on the day he confessed to polies like I said I believe chavez
I don't believe any of them
The prosecution also pressed I like them were the family members during jahaz visits had tried to convince the boy
He was not involved and then it was chavez was responsible Alex responded
They said something to that effect
Earlier yesterday the court heard the boys confession tapes so on one of them
Derek said he was the one who beat his father death and his recliner
I made sure he was asleep. I got the bad. I hit him over the head there
It said I hit him once and I heard his moan
I was afraid he might wake up and see us
So I just kept on hitting him somewhere around 10 times give or take
Give or take a couple of good laughs
So there you go on you court TV fans like George's wife
Now you got something to really chew on. I'm sure that's done again now right probably oh well
I know what it is it is on here
Uh on there
Yes court TV yeah try uh 44
No
Disney oh well close they got little kids on there too
Massachusetts uh letters test now do you hear the story they had the big breaking news yesterday and from
Massachusetts about the letters laced with supposed anthrax no I did not
Preliminary test of a white powder male the non-pollips to 11 police departments north of Boston were negative for anthrax
And the mailings appear to be a hoax a top state health official said late yesterday afternoon
This is on oh this is on CNN you're right at the end there right now
What is that trial? I told you we ain't got anybody would listen
Sir I don't do it on a full time base
The FBI has launched their criminal investigation in the matter to find out who's behind the mailings
Oh, yeah, I'm sure they're going to do that real quick just like the mailings from my new jersey
Our observations of the powder indicate there is not any potential risk associated with this powder said
Ralph Timperi the director state public health department lab with the test of being performed
This appears to be one of many hoaxes that have been perpetrated
The letters were sent to 11 police departments all in Essex County
Each was postmarked in North Reading in the county and dressed various police chiefs. There was no return address
The envelopes contain a single sheet of paper with black September typed at the top and a few grams of unidentified powder said
Timperi and FBI experts also examined the letters to assess whether there's a credible threat
He said we have no reason to believe that this presents any risk whatsoever and should not cause concern
Among the people who've been exposed to it
He said health officials have conducted rapid test on three letters to reach their conclusion further test
They're being conducted today to determine exactly what it is like maybe
Armand Hammer baking soda
That's always good. I always remember all the assholes that we're doing the crank stuff after 11 after we started getting the answer
I really am worse because it's funny. Yeah, because it's really funny. Oh, yeah, it's a panic
And to have everybody call the hazmat people out there and a fire rescue and cross the taxpayers
Thousands and thousands and hundreds of thousands of dollars and get everybody into a sheer panic and have everybody in your community
Where ever the hell happens to be crap it in their pants. Yeah, really funny
I think what we really found out at that point is if we ever doubted that there were zillions of assholes on loose in this country
Trust me when I tell you oh there are
Floridians done as dirt coming up tonight
Unidentified behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good hard stiff look and start them
They were abandoned from Boston a place where people talk funny they were till Tuesday
Yeah
It was our freaking manager the blue it for the band till Tuesday singer songwriter Amy man
That accent of his that damn Boston accent. I don't know what she's talking about the band's manager
Solly look all rightly spoke to inside the behind about
Uh, well see if you can figure it out. I met the freaking band in a bar like in my say what we can say
I figured it wouldn't be hard to make them stop so we drank about a quarter beer. I got freaking ham inside the paper
So he's accent was so impossible that soon it began to jeopardize any future record deals for the band
Tonight will play exclusive hidden camera video of so he's meeting with the Warner Brothers record executive
Yeah, I'm here about the band to till Tuesday and telling you they're gonna go wicked vibes not gonna be hard at all
I got him some conscious up not to don't okay caught and thrown a party later on sadly at the fire. We can have some beers
What the f*** did you just say? Huh?
Oh, hey listen you got some quarters for the pack and meet only my cash packed out there and I'm out of quarters what
Till Tuesday
Reamed by a regional accent
It's a big juicy stopping what look at your business tonight and inside of behind
And you're absolutely correct. That's the way they speak and watch them. Okay, you can't understand a god damn thing
You've been there for like a few months
11-1 at 560 wqm David Sanger writes in the New York Times today making case to hit first
President Bush's declaration yesterday that he would seek the approval of Congress to outside him
Who's saying amounted to an acknowledgement that he cannot proceed alone and that he needs to move quickly to try to resolve a rip within his
Administration with many of his father's cautious advisors and with his reluctant allies
But yesterday some more than just the joining of a great debate over how to deal with the man who has mr. Bush put it so bluntly is
Stiffing the world implicitly mr. Bush has agreed to engage the country in the discussion over a fundamental change in America's national security strategy
His doctrine that perilous times the fourth the U.S. to assert a right to launch preemptive strikes against any state that could put weapons
The mass destruction of the hands of terrorists
After Pearl Harbor in the invasion of Kuwait president soft congressional approval to strike back
Mr. Bush thinks approval to strike first because 9-11 taught him that any other strategy may be too costly
We're in a new era. He said adding we spent a lot of time thinking about how best to secure our homeland even further
And this is the debate of the American people must hear must understand
He said and the world must understand as well that its credibility is at stake
Any resolution of proving preemptive action could set a precedent that could be used in a variety of other conflicts
And it'll almost be certainly seized upon by the nations
Maybe China and its confrontation with Taiwan or Indian its conflict with Pakistan
Is they pursue their own agendas so winning his point will pose a huge test of mr. Bush's leadership first in Washington
Then around the world his age acknowledged that the first task is to answer those senators former generals and older generation of national security experts
Who ask why there's such urgency to confront Iraq now vice president Dick Cheney argue last week that he's now convinced
That the Iraqi leader will develop a nuclear weapon fairly soon words that seems to suggest new intelligence to back up the administrations and systems
That there's a little time to spare yet
So far the body language of administration officials who just the new evidence is scant and by all accounts
Defense secretary rumsfeld offered little new evidence that a closed door meeting on Capitol Hill yesterday afternoon
I'll read the last part of that again and by all accounts the defense secretary rumsfeld offered little new evidence that a closed door meeting
yesterday afternoon
There's clearly a case that satan as a threat senator Carl levin a michigan sent after the meeting yesterday
The question is whether he liked the North Korean leadership who have had weapons of mass destruction for years
But are so interested in their own survival. There's little reason to think they would ever initiate an attack
Mr. Bush's task we've been more complex over the summer when he remained largely silent on the Iraq issue
That meant that the debate was dominated by a parade of television skeptics led by generals who played key roles in the Gulf
Four 11 years ago and sober minded veterans of the first Bush administration led by Brent Scowcroft and James A. Baker the turd
Both men agree that mr
Hussein is a menace who wants to dominate the Persian Gulf and its oil
But they suggested that there was a right way in a wrong way to oust him
Mr. Scowcroft the former national security adviser who famously warned satan who saying during the Gulf War that the use of weapons of
Mass destruction would bring about the end of his country set the terms of the coming debate with this observation about his old foe
He is unlikely to risk his investment in weapons of mass destruction much less his country by handing such weapons to terrorists to would use them for their own purposes and leave bag that as the return address
Mr. Baker followed up with a warning that there was a right way to topple mr
Hussein as the steel edge of an international coalition
But that means taking a path mr
Cheney and other administration hawks consider a dangerous waste of time returning to the United Nations for approval of a quick highly invasive inspection
With the understanding that further resistance to inspection will provide the justification for an immediate overwhelming military response
hopefully before the November elections
The public airing of such arguments clearly stung Mr. Bush's team in an interview yesterday
Condoleezza rise the national I'm sorry Condoleezza rise the national security adviser declined to take the critics on by name
But she argued our critics seem to take the position that if we don't bother him
He won't bother the world that's not an approach we can take anybody who tried to predict what sottom was saying my duis treading in dangerous water
He invaded his neighbors twice. He gassed his own people
He tried to kill a former president is ambitions of class with our interest before and I'll class with them again
Mr. Baker's position which appears to be shared by secretary of state Powell may yet win the day
That seems to be the agenda when mr. Bush meets the British Prime Minister Tony Blair. I can't david on center day
I think it's dawned on everyone that he can't stand up in front of the United Nations September 12 and say it's our way or the highway
Said one senior administration official
Would not be great and you can you can see him doing that can't you it's our way
Or the highway, but that doesn't mean he's willing to pursue inspections. It's up in the air
Mr. Bush's aides are clearly aware of the risk ahead on the road he headed down yesterday
The first challenge is to resolve the differences in the administration
Something Ms. Rice argued would quickly happen once the president decides what course to take the second is to persuade congress for a
To vote for resolution that gives the president as free and hand as possible and not necessarily just with Iraq
administration officials seem confident that congress will find it difficult to resist especially if they can arrange a vote before the November election
The third challenge is to win over traditional allies of express grave reservations
That process begins this weekend with mr. Blair and in plan calls to leaders of Russia China and France
But other leaders of NATO are staunchly opposed Germany's Chancellor
Gerhard Schroeder said he would not support an attack even if it had the blessing of the UN
You know what else he said what it's a lie. I am not but not see this puts even more pressure on the president to go out and make the case with a kind of persuasive political speech
That Churchill and Lincoln were so adept at that said Elliott Cohen a professor at Johns Hopkins University
There we go again with the George W. Comparison with Weinstein Churchill and now with Abraham Lincoln
Who of our great Jewish or leaders of ancient history how do you like that
Don't you when you look at him don't you think of Abraham Lincoln and Winston Churchill right away right all the time
If we could just give him a good story you know like Weinstein used to do and of course you don't do the drink it anymore
Like Churchill did right
Massachusetts man who played Santa Claus at Ramsey House
dies
You know this is first we had the Reese thing where that guy died right right and now this guy died
So this is just
More good more fodder for Robert's back the Santa Claus that mommy said was the one that didn't
Right this is more good fodder for Robert's deck more unsolved mystery sugar main unsolved forever
A man labeled by John and Patti Ramsey is a possible suspect and their daughter slang has died
Bill McRennels who then hired to play Santa Claus at the Ramsey home was found date of a heart attack money at this home and mashed
P Massachusetts as wife said he was 72
Police sources said they never considered the former University of Colorado journalism professor is a serious suspect
McRennels was investigated because he played Santa Claus at the Ramsey home three years in a row his last appearance came two days before John
Bene was found dead in
1996 murdered butchered
John Bene's death also resemble the plot of a play
He and his wife had written before the slang authorities collected here in handwriting samples from the couple in the first two months following the killing
The Ramsey's called McRennels a suspect in their book death of innocence
Are we going to go out and get that let's get it right away. No
I am going to go out and buy the breakdown right by Bill Gerritz G.E.R.T.Z
How America's intelligence failures led to November 11th and according to whoever was the facts me one of our regular facts is the bush
There it is
Bush wanted to stop the publishing of this book. How do you like that?
Hmm
Anyway, go back to this story about poor uh
McRennels who's dead
Janemick Rennels said yesterday that her husband's involvement in the infamous case scarred him and forced the couple to move to the small town in Cape Cod
After over 30 years in Colorado. Mashpee. I never heard of it. Did you?
Nope. Oh you never been there you never been to Cape Cod
Nope
Boston
Nope
Framingham. Nope. Dorchester. No thank you. Salem. No
He was just so devastated by the mere idea anyone would suspect him of a crime
She said McRennels big hard made him a popular instructor at CU said fellow professor Doug Cosper. She time jick is right
You're talking a lot. I'm sorry. Some of his students kept relationships within their entire lives
He said McRennels fascination with Santa Claus began after his retirement
It wasn't that John Wayne Gacy also fascinated with playing Santa Claus clowns
No, but he also he did clowns. He also played Santa Claus. I didn't know about the Santa you better get with your John
He won Gacy trivia mister or we're gonna stick you right in the cross page
Well, I do have the trading cards and paintings. You know. No you and mr. Ego good
McRennels fascination with Santa Claus began at I'm amazed that you remember that began after his retirement from the university
1992 corny to his wife
He loved being Santa. He loved little children and the Ramsey case destroyed his career and just devastated him
Janet McRennels be saying he loved that little girl
There was a very sad thing in his life because he's genuinely loved children
It was the happiest part of his life when the couple moved to Massachusetts in 1998 the grandfather of six instead filed his time
A field is time that should say it does
Helping the elderly local senior center. How do you like that? Here was a good guy like can you like old people and how he's dead and patty killed him
And the Ramsey smeared his name in the sentiment to a deep funk from which he never recovered
In memorial service the schedule Friday, Massachusetts a service in Boulder will also take place later this month
His national be scattered in one of his favorite Colorado mountain getaways as vice-sales
And of course the Ramsey's would say that's what he wanted to do get away
Oh, well, what's his name Rudy Marzky who writes a very weak column on sports on TV in the USA today
There's no Rudy Marzky no thanks always quote Rudy Marzky. I think thanks to founder Rudy and it rightfully so
And does Hank on today did I give the schedule I haven't done that yet? Have I because I just got too much stuff here man
We got a 30-hour show a marathon. It's a special day. I know he's on when you relax
I got a right in front of me. We have the mad dog at one who better get his Johnson Street
Hank look at that. Hank's got like a full while as full as a get-sering baseball season
He's got three to six three five but be no cook from five to six
If there's one thing we love it's old be no not boy. Why does he put him on my mom? You know Hank's no dummy it kills an hour
See that's our model me mad dog and the Humper that's our model work as little as possible and get paid as much as possible
And you know what it's working. Oh, yeah
How's that working for you? I love it
Marlon's on deck six thirty five right after Hank and be no
And then you got the marlon's at the mess. Boy they sure got crushed last night. Is anybody here? No 11 to four
I think at seven ten for pitch 80k after baseball and joy marked the dirty boys over
Don't forget your castellal Saturday somewhere. I'll give that again
I guess I better do the break and then we'll do the Rudy Morsky thing because he says women's groups not letting CBS off the hook over the
Masters all you sexes pigs out there
You see the women's groups are obnoxious. They're disgusting. They're a bunch of bull dicks masquerading
It's like real women which you're I always resented. I mean if you're lesbian fine
Be a dike
Stand up and be a dike don't pretend to be like a woman's group if you're a real woman's group
That's fine, but if you're a dike group, you know, it's like gay men
Okay, we have groups. We have this organization in that one. We're fags. Okay, and we're proud of it
But this business of pretending to be like some kind of a feminist group when you're a hardly feminine
You know what I'm talking about do I know like what was your name Gloria Steinem when you called her feminine? No, no
Good god. I mean she's about as feminine as Janet. Well, maybe a little more not too much
How does that pull come and speak into women? Which of these women you most strongly feel is a beard for gay celebrities
Elizabeth Taylor 53 all of the above 46 Lisa Marie Presley 30 none of the above 16 and a corner. Hoya 13
Britney Spears
Britney's got 12 and the only reason being bye bye bye that little fruitcake works. She yields eight J. Lowes up to eight
Janet Jackson six and a cool kid who just went on there
She's already got a pair the cold's got a little pair
That's what Tommy said, but he probably number saw him
Oh, he just I tell you he yeah
I've gone from actually once upon a time liked him you know what I mean of course I know what you mean you had him on the show frequently
Or at least more than once
I had Tom Cruise on the show. Oh, I thought you were talking about Tom jicca
Tom jicca is doing a cool kidman
He might be doing what is she doing rubbing his ball spot?
1113 at 560 wqm here's something
I don't know if it's gonna help your ball spot, but it can help a lot of other parts of your health over your mat
Here's the best way to get really pure olive oil in your body because you don't have to shmure it on your food or on your armpits or anywhere else
Even on the bottom of your feet because only a minute is a soft-tail capsule that contains pharmaceutical great olive oil
Obesco you'll find anywhere along with vitamins and minerals and herbals to grow it help for all different parts of your body
They make one capsule for your prostate one specifically designed for your heart one for your blood pressure for your cholesterol
One for your circulatory system your digestive system your endocrine system your skin your bones even one supplement to help your mind and boy
I've talked to a lot of you and believe me it couldn't hurt and don't forget olio med has got products for men and you ladies out there as well
olio med is available all over South Florida picks him up today in Walgreens at whole food markets in the viral pharmacy and sedano
And if you want to get more information about olio med
I bet you know the number by heart right now. I sure do it's one eight six six olio med
Be sure to ask away. They'll be happy to answer all your questions about what this great product can do for you
And we're to put it call one eight six six olio med and don't forget you're in order products off their website
too like if you're a shudden who watches Oprah and Jenny Jones call just check out olio med america dot com and Jerry Springer
I got a local
This is five six
The radio is all yours
You in
One smart room out
And can't catch me hot and one cat that won't give up you better believe you a little furry but I can
That's what you said in the last movie slow poke
And you've got a summer movie full of adventure
He is Stewart
I'm gonna catch you a little pint size roadie
We're friends come here until he worked at cats appetite into a frenzy
Yes, it's even more fun than the first movie with an even better ending
You know he wasn't too bad just needed a little salt
Don't miss Stewart nibble coming this summer
Yeah nibble on this it's 11 16 at 5 60 W
You can look at the nice comeback to markets making you realize that after they found out that bun jovy rang the opening bell
That the market was
Tanking again you think that they they got his ass it was down like 200 points to dial and now it's only down like what is it 66 something like that
Let me take a look at the down again with down 88. Oh like I said 88 could make a cave there's joke her name
Maybe we have to go out and retest those lows again. What do you think?
Right the next time 26 but it was a lot worse earlier
And now let me get back to CNN and Christiana Amman poor who's talking about how the Pope never stole a freight train the holy father
Boy do I you know something I don't hate many people but I just I don't hate her but I despise that bitch
Christiana Amman poor
So in case you make that there was an assassination attempt on what's his first name?
Muhammad no, that's not his name Karzai
Is it I don't know well we don't care what they were all the same. He looks okay
Muhammad Karzai whatever his name is this week the moment of beard. Oh, that's right. They all got a beard
The president of Afghanistan and he he's okay
I also want a governor of Kandahar, but he's okay to women's group now in fact why don't we have to recover our Kandahar run against you and Bush
Okay, anybody at this point anybody but Bush that's gonna be our motto ABB anybody but Bush work on your abs
Rudy Marzki writes CBS decision to
Televised next year's masters won't be carried out easily
Not if the national council women's organizations keeps up its campaign to have at least one woman admitted to the storied Augusta
Georgia National Golf Club and all him good ol boys. Yahoo man
Who do you Yahoo Johnson or is it Billy Bob?
And Martha Burke who heads the six million member ncw always about to throw in the towel on this high stakes game
CBS will broadcast the Masters in April CBS vice president Leslie and Wade said
But Burke said that will not deter her including CBS among those she puts pressure on
I plan to appeal to CBS that they should not be underwriting an organization that discriminates Burke said Tuesday
It's my belief that the shareholders apparent via comm customers and even their employees will applaud a decision not to discriminate
Though 87% of respondents to a CNN s i comm dot com pull Tuesday said that see they had even a much more lopsided
87% of the CNN slash s i dot com pull to they said that CBS should continue to broadcast them
Burke isn't about to turn up the heat
See that's those sexist sports nerds because they're all men
She was told that CBS believes it has an obligation to the public to carry the masters
Plus of course a lot of Mark golf nerds too. They want to see they want to see tiger
Well, guess what 12 years ago you wouldn't have seen tiger with Augusta because there were no smarts is allowed okay?
You bigoted assholes you
ESPN's my greenberg said Tuesday other networks would leap at taking the masters of CBS dropped out
Burke said she doubted CBS could televised the tournament in the face of ncw old pressure
Look at what happened to the sponsors you said
I brought some reports that CBS doesn't make money on the masters without those sponsors
If they're hiding behind the responsibility of their shareholders
They need to make the public aware of what the arrangement is with Augusta national and how they're going to generate money for the network
CBS said the arrangements with Augusta national puts it at break even but doesn't make them money
Production cost at about a million and a half are covered by the club
But Burke said there's more than money at stake
There's another cost here the public image and how these CBS folks run a network
Corporate responsibility goes beyond financial responsibility
We've heard a lot of talk about corporate responsibility lately. We sure have
It's including from some irresponsible assholes
Neither abc nor nbc would comment Tuesday on the masters
CBS makes it clear that although the masters is 90 non money making event the value and prestige is incalculable
Don't you love that? It's incalculable
But CBS and the tournament sponsors are the victims of Augusta national chairman hoody jonsense
Neuromited entrenched stance on a prickly situation that will only go away when the club follows the rest of the mercenaries
Golf World and admits a woman
Oh, and he's he's not quoting you. He's actually saying that I always liked that Rudy Marzki
You know what?
CBS and the tournament sponsors are victims of Augusta national chairman hoody jonsense
Neuromited entrenched stance on a prickly situation that will only go away when the club follows the rest of the mercenaries
Golf World and admits a woman if they admit a woman Burke sent all applaud them for saying that discrimination is not good for the sport
Pat them on the back and go back to our regular business
Burke triggered this battle with letter in June urging the club to admit women after the controversy at the 1990 pga
Championship at shul Creek and Birmingham, Alabama
The pga tour us open in pga for america which conducts the pga championship all instituted policies that forbid discrimination based on race, creed, gender, color or national origin
Augusta national a private club remains the only club that host major u.s. tournaments without an open membership policy
Unlike in 1990 when then Augusta national chairman hoard hard on a harden headed off a stormer protest by quietly admitting an african american member before the 1991 masters
Johnson drew a line at admitting the first woman
He often said the club might someday admit women, but that timetable will be ours and not at the point of a bayonet
Can you just see this Yahoo man? Can you just and picture him? Yeah, after he falls out of the tree and wraps his banjo seems they're awfully threatened by women
Yeah
The good old boy structure up there man. They don't want no damn bitches in there
Johnson stands placed master's sponsors i.v.m. City Group and Coca-Cola as well as CBS and the awkward position of being associated with a group that refused to do the right thing in the 21st century
Regardless of the laws protecting private clubs
Burke firmly believes that Coca-Cola indicated it would pull out and city group was wavering so janssen was forced to make a preemptive movie drop TV
Sponsorship for 2003 meaning that Augusta national would have to eat the seven million dollar plus cost of running next year's
Masters including CBS production cost and he signaled to Burke that women's membership at our custom national would be a major cost
So, I didn't know golf was the other US religion she said how do you like that? Huh
hoodie Johnson man and Rudy Marzki rips him and asks nice going Rudy. I don't care what the hamper says Rudy's okay in my book at least on that calm
Wait to hear this while ready to give you a little little load on him is
An article in a British scientific journal suggests
The party drug ecstasy may not be dangerous and that reported ill effects could be imaginary
Writing in the British psychological society magazine the psychologist three researchers two from liver pooling
Then a one from California
Criticized studies into the drugs effects
But that's gonna make my friends in Amsterdam feel better
You know because they're always getting the blame for like spreading that crap around and kids dying in it in their evil over there
Those Dutch they are
No, they're not evil. They're just rude
Amsterdam is great. It's the only problem with Amsterdam is in fact. It's a lot like New York great cities
It's just that a lot of the people live there are assholes
Studies have reported that the tablets popular with them. We're talking about ecstasy popular with young people attending
Raves and i-clubs cause long-term brain damage and mental problems and in fact right here in Toronto a couple of months ago
It seemed to me there was a story about some cue to died after taking ecstasy
But maybe it was mixing it with booze and stuff. Well, we'll continue with the article
But the new article criticized the research and accused researchers of bias
We're talking about to saying that causes long-term damage in the mental problems
The article was written by John Cole and Harry Sumnell of University of Liverpool that the new article and Charles Grab of the Harbor
UCLA Medical Center in California
Cole is an expert in cognitive neuroscience and Sumnell is a postdoctoral psychopharma
Collegist
Both work in the University Psychology Department
Grove director of the Hospital Division of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry is a leading US expert on child and adolescent to person and lesson drug use
Their criticisms focused on several areas of existing research
Ecstasy is said to affect brain cells that produce the mood-influencing chemical serotonin
But cool it as a matter of fact instead of eating chocolate and candy and stuff. How about just popping some ecstasy?
No, I'm sorry. Just a joke bad joke
Well, isn't that what the supposedly does serotonin in your brain?
That's what it does when you eat the sweets and stuff and it calms you and pacifies you indeed
And of course
Call Sumnell and Grove said any changes involved the the generation of nerve fibers which can be regrown and not the brain cell bodies themselves
Some research only reported positive results in ignored negative data
Thus minimizing data that suggests ecstasy has no long-term effects the author said this suggests that hypothesis concerning the long-term effective ecstasy
Are not being uniformly substantiated lense to support to the idea that ecstasy is not causing long-term effects associated with loss of serotonin
They wrote
Because many people participating in the studies were self-selected from universities
The article question whether they truly represented the general population
Given the high media profile of long-term effective ecstasy
One must question whether the participants are coming forward to confirm their fears about any adverse reactions
They may have suffered the author's road
Studies on animals often involved in injecting them with large doses of the ecstasy chemical MDMA
But routinely fail to find changes in behavior of MDMD3 out of the animals
Even when we're signs of damage to the brain in court of the article. Are you following this? I'm following it. Okay
The authors noted that many psychological problems start in adolescents that ecstasy users often took other drugs
And that some of the reported symptoms mirrored those caused by staying awake all night in dancing
And he was like getting like getting dizzy and like woozy and stuff like that and passing out
Not stop not drinking enough water because they're charging you $10 for the bottle and passing out to pull of your own puke because you've been drinking all night
Most community-based studies have failed to find a definitive cross-in-effect relationship between ecstasy users and associated problems
They wrote perhaps most controversially they suggested that ecstasy's long-term effects might be i-etrogenic
I thought I was the only person in the world to ever use that term on a radio
I don't even know what it means. I have to be back when I used to do those shows those awful horrible shows with guests
Dr. Bob Mendelssohn Reston-Piece who is a great critic of the medical of his own medical profession
He used to in fact in his books chapters and chapters about i-etrogenic diseases which are ones caused by the medical profession in hospitals and by doctors. I say
It says perhaps most controversially this suggests that ecstasy's long-term effects might be i-etrogenic or caused by a physician's manner or treatment
Like I just said we're concerned that the long-term effect of ecstasy could be i-etrogenic because researchers in the media are discussing a
hypothesized cause-in-effect relationship as if it were a fact they wrote the article was counted by three other ecstasy experts writing in the psychologist who dismissed the idea that ecstasy's symptoms were made
So you know pick your own poison good luck to you
Now is it illegal in the states ecstasy? Yeah, oh yeah big time. I know I don't know
I mean it's is available as aspirin so I'm just asking
I did of course if it were a stupid question if it weren't illegal
Why would they be smuggling it and then starting it from the Netherlands right right probably to make some cash
They need the money. Okay. They're much your slepherds over there. What do you want?
I got to deal with their drugs. That's what it's all about booze and drugs and women and guys
1127 at 560 WQM VIP sportswear a Gary Sarner man this guy speaking of Amsterdam
What a segue and I see how I always fall into a bucket of cramp
I
Fallen will bucket is something that looks like Gary Sarner smells well
He just ain't sending me any copy like everybody. Why should he be any different? You know and how's
Skippy doing with all those Brian accounts he inherited the uh Skippy no
Isn't that his name? Yeah
VIP sportsbook.com that's their name and it should sound familiar because I've been telling about him for a long time
With the same steel copy that Gary Sarner just won't change
VIP sportsbook.com is the only sportsbook to be endorsed by all the industry watchdog groups since 1996
Actually, I should cut him a break because this copy says eight one and that's of this year
As opposed to all the other stuff I had for my doesn't mean it's new. Oh, no, it's not
The casino times news recent issues as you can look but you won't find a better overall sportsbook than VIP sportsbook.com
But maybe you'll be looking for more than just a world class leader a world-fast book that offers 24 hour VIP service and the safety of a leader
How about this? How about the highest parlay odds anywhere about to 2001?
Minimum back to only five bucks and free withdraws 24 hours a day and a 15% cash bonus added to your first deposit
Now this isn't some general book located in some grotesque place like okachobi
This is Dutch based VIP sportsbook.com or pohoki where you're treated with class and your money is safe
Sign up online and get you a 15% cash bonus added your account or call them at their tool free number
866 VIP bets
It's easy to get started to just go to VIP sportsbook.com and don't forget when you do sign up online
You get that 15% cash bonus be a winner of VIP sportsbook.com punch your brain your heart's content at VIP sportsbook.com or you be the VIP
We're sports radio 5cc
UAM
last
Let me win with no pants
Laugh, fou d howcr
What, what, what, what
Just answer Sis, Alabama
Can you get me one more time?
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Lv. 32.560 WQIM.
Did you ever say that before?
I beg your pardon?
Have you ever played that before?
Sure.
How can I forget that?
It's me.
Maybe you weren't saying we were on vacation that way.
Maybe.
Here's the facts from one of our chronic factors, Todd and Hollywood, who's okay.
Was it Will Rogers or Lenny Bruce who said I never met a duck?
I didn't like it.
It must have been Lenny Bruce and look what they did to him.
Because there are plenty of dikes I don't like.
I'm not a big dike person, you know what I mean?
I'm not saying that all dikes are bad people, but a little dike.
A little dike is okay.
In fact, that's why I spend a lot of time in Amsterdam.
They need all the help they can.
They need all the fingers they can.
Not going to get mine, though.
He says his voters for the Wiggum Sisters.
All the way to the right, so we need a birthday party pony.
He says, but don't tell mad dogs.
Whatever that means.
Now, here comes the most important facts of the day.
Do you want to know why?
I think I might know.
Is it about that book?
Yeah.
Now, see, I appreciate this because our audience out there and believe you me since the format changed.
I mean, I got a lot of stuff here to fill up a whole show.
But much of the good stuff I get comes from you folks.
I mean, you know, how many hours are there in a goddamn day?
I just keep thinking of that asshole that facts me that one day about taking the easy way out
by changing the format of the show and not taking those great calls, taking the easy.
Do you have any idea how much work, how much part of a...
I mean, I'm just...
Yeah.
...kunk time.
I have an idea.
Yeah, you have an idea.
I mean, I used to just rule in and show up like, you know, half hour before the show.
And sit there and talk to a bunch of assholes for four hours.
And that's what the new Roger Show became.
Now, throughout the day, I'm going to go out to lunch.
I come back in here.
I'm on the goddamn Internet.
I'm checking this paper.
I'm checking CNN.
I'm not crying about it because it makes...
In my opinion, for a much better show.
But the bottom line is the easy way out.
Give me a freaking break, you moron.
Hey, let's talk to Joe on a mobile.
I mean, that was okay in its time, but believe me, for this kid, forget about it.
No, no more.
And I hear those inarticulate scumbags who call, you know, the rest of the day the sports nerds.
And I say to myself, forget about it.
And now, of course, that football season is here.
The Humper, I'm not there to get them on a straight-neural path again.
I hope I can get back there in time to straighten his ass out.
Because he's letting the callers again every day.
Not just on Fridays like he was going to do.
Remember, we had a discussion about that.
And he said, you're right.
And his ratings went zooming back up again.
Now, the whole week long, hey, what do you like?
What's the... you know, forget about it.
Man, that is the most terminal.
As soon as I hear one of those, the pot here goes off.
And, you know, that's it.
I'm back on the passions again.
I mean, that is just garbage.
And it's selfish.
That's one thing about the callers.
I always said, they have their own agenda.
No matter what you're talking about, they have their own agenda.
So they don't give a crap.
They have a discussion with you.
Whatever their selfish thing they want, they want, they need...
You know, screw it.
The rest of the audience don't give a crap.
Anyway, so this book that this factor was recommending.
And he's practiced a lot and a good guy.
He makes the effort to refact and say, whoops could be wrong.
And then he's got some excerpts from the book.
And he also saved me 20 bucks.
Probably more than that Canadian, eh?
Canadian, the dollars were 64 cents.
Oh my god.
Breakdown by Bill Geritz, G-E-R-T-Z.
Forget about it.
I mean, unless you were right-winger,
that wants to go out and reinforce your own psychosis.
Now, I'm not defending, of course,
bubble or any of our card or any of those people.
Oh, you know, where is Carter going now?
Or he's going anywhere.
He just came out with some kind of a statement on the Iraq thing.
You know, somebody should put him back on the peanut farm
and say, Jimmy, you're a good guy.
You're never still afraid of training, but go away.
Just like you noticed how much is crypto-cuba gel?
Revolutionized.
I would say even more than what the Pope did, right?
Of course, you know, nothing plus nothing is still nothing,
but nevertheless.
So anyway, here is the blurb.
Here's the breakdown on his book from Carter to Clinton,
how liberals gutted Hamstrung and bug-roll US intelligence
leaving the door wide open at terror.
And I'm reading the, you know,
and I'm not debating any of these points.
But it's obviously written from a real extreme right-wing position,
and then the endorsements on it at the end are from very moderate people
like Jean Kirkpatrick, Ed Meece,
and Richard Burrell.
Oh, yeah.
So I think I'll pass.
I think I'll pass, okay?
And the book review says that the end-gurth investigates
inside sources in the Pentagon and the CIA
and is able to track the path of terrorism
in the West A sad commentary of Clinton's leadership shocking.
And of course, there's no question, like I said,
that a lot of that stuff is true,
but as we just said, it was all Clinton.
It's all those liberals, man.
I think I'll pass on that.
I think I have better things to waste my eyesight on.
Like Rich Packer's teeny tiny factors would be good.
Don't forget, Joanne Jocostello this Saturday,
11-1 of these singular wireless 2299 Pots daily on a cruel gables.
Stop by for our usual crappy QAM prizes
and register to win tickets to watch the Marlins play the expose
on the 18th from the QAM skybox,
which that game is meaningless,
but nevertheless you'll be in the QAM skybox
and get a chance to do stuff up there.
Just like Brian Schmoetz,
remember he did in the skybox in the Mac and the Macarena?
Of course, I'll always remember.
Right, and so will he.
Anyway, New York Daily News says,
New York's top officials
and nervous airline passengers blasted security breakdowns yesterday
that were uncovered by a Daily News probe of airports across the country.
New York Senators Tuck Schumer and Swelor Ray Clinton vowed to investigate the news findings,
charging that transportation authorities
have failed to make much needed improvements.
I'm extremely concerned by the lapses in airports
secured identified by the Daily News Clinton said yesterday,
things have to be tightened up Schumer.
So let's do the tightened up.
Remember that song by Archie Bell and Drill?
No.
Volka Brian does.
Hey, let's do some more one-hit wonders.
Not.
No, not right away.
Things have tightened up Schumer told the Daily News
after its reporters able to pass security checkpoints
for 14 flights over the Labor Day weekend, carrying contraband,
including box cutters, razor knives, and pepper spray
and carry on bags and check luggage.
Clinton demanded that transportation authorities provide answers
to all these weapons we're able to make
through security systems that were supposed to be significantly upgraded
since 9-11.
As Governor of Protec in Mayor Bloomberg also called for improved airport security,
passengers at Kennedy, LaGuardia, Newark airports,
three of the 11 spots breached by the news,
responded to the paper's findings with fear and anger.
Fear and loathing.
Keep doing this until they wake up.
Kenny tights 58 of Queen's Urges in the news as he waited at a JFK for a flight to Florida.
I'll go back, Kenny.
You don't want to go there.
The most powerful country in the world is the most lax in security and Kenny you are.
Absolutely correct sir.
At Newark, Ron, in Tilia, 51 of San Diego, who was on route to Vermont,
grumbled the security guard should be on the unemployment line.
Joe Pacero is 63.
What was the thing about falling off the turn-up truck?
Remember that line?
Yeah.
And that's exactly where most of those people came from.
That they used for security.
They fell off the turn-up truck.
Joe Pacero is 63 of Tampa, said in LaGuardia.
Their lapses are blatant but argued there's only so much that can be done
without violating the Constitution.
Am I surprised I can get weapons through?
No, he said.
I'm sure if you intend to get weapons through, you can.
Well, great.
Go back to Tampa.
Puts.
At City Hall, Bloomberg said federal authorities are not doing as much as they need to do.
It's one thing to go to pass a law and allocate some funds to fix a problem.
He said it's quite different to go out there, do it and maintain it.
Potaki puts the state would go beyond what is required by federal authorities.
The governor added that the news pro should serve as a lesson of federal authorities.
We would just urge them to learn from this experience, do whatever they can.
LaGuardia X-rayed in hand, searched the news carry-on bags.
None of the counter-bank carried by reporters was found.
None of it.
None of it.
None of it.
Zero Zipity Due Da.
The four airports were the 9-11 terrorist-borted planes, Newark, Boston's Logan Airport, Washington's
Delas and Portland's International's Airport in Maine, all failed.
The other airports tested were LaGuardia.
Kennedy, Chicago's Oher, Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Fort Lauderdale, and Santa Barbara, California.
The nation's airports are trying to meet TSA.
Oh, I got a story on that.
November 19 deadline.
Guess what they're saying?
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to have.
I got a story on it.
The agency said yesterday the news findings underscore the failures of an aviation security system
inherited by the federal government last fall, in other words, that somebody else's fault.
Morphed, Ringing security measures, including requiring all carry-on and check in loads to be screen,
will be implemented in coming months.
The reality is Americans have never had a higher level of security in the history of aviation said,
Leonardo Alcivar, a spokesperson for the DSL.
That's that's Norman Edd is a henchman, okay?
And Norman Edd by the way is an asshole.
A major asshole.
In fact, you take him, there's a poster children for this administration, him, Tom Ridge, the old cheesehead, Tommy Thompson,
and then of course, Hermann Gehring Jr. John Ascroff.
There's a post in the post of children for you about in charge of the people who stole the election.
Am I, do I sound like I'm getting a little more stringent about this?
Because I'm certainly getting more and more pissed off.
No, that's really.
Oh, then I better start.
It's 1040 at 560, it's 1040 in the central time zone.
Don't do that, don't do that.
It's 1140, time is a waste of maybe, we've got the mad dog coming up at one, and then we've got Hank coming on at three,
in the studio, and then of course we've got Beno, with Hank at five.
And let me tell you about how you become a high paid computer professional and get yourself educated.
Educated like me, you heard me talk about the large number of jobs that are waiting for you out there.
The question is, how do you find a good school that will help you accomplish this?
Educated like Todd Dreck, educated in how to do nothing.
Now, but at fast train, they teach you how to do something.
Fast train is the one school that's got four convenient locations all over Dayton,
Broward, including the New Wind and Kindle.
Fast train is the school that's got certified Microsoft instructors, convenient day evening weekend classes for you.
That's convenient to your schedule, whatever the hell it is, and between your drug deals.
There's one school that's got full-time job placement department over 30 years experience.
And with this school, fast train, you can complete your program and get certified in just four short months.
We're talking hands-on training so you can get out of your data and job and start making some real bucks.
And then really, well, you know what kind of a business you want to be on.
Get off your butt, pick up the phone call, fast train today at 1-866 fast train.
That's 1-866 fast train or check them out of the web at fasttrain.com.
You can see my dad look at this 420-0-560.
You way out.
You way out.
Go f**k yourself.
Where was I?
Look at Jesus, won't stay on.
The hair is blonde.
Shake my furniture and guide dog.
But there's a plate.
Rather got her hiding.
I can make guys roll.
Not behind their seatbelt.
I can make guys roll.
With my body and booty.
That's where they are.
That's where.
Cause such a beauty is one of those things I've waited for.
The exact same girl.
I can make guys roll.
With my body and booty.
That's where they are.
Cause such a beauty is one of those things I've waited for.
The beard's back to back her.
The beard's back to back her.
745-560.
You know, I thought I'm back here.
I can do that thing again where I start playing both at the same time.
Don't you think that would be like a little fun?
We don't want to have too much fun.
No, that's why we have more around.
We don't have too much fun.
Grumpy old man.
Anyway, here we go.
Hang on tight.
What is that?
What is that?
That's right.
Let's go to the next track.
They're both playing.
And you hear like a little bit of phasing in their country.
Where we're from.
Loving the things they all.
And they're in town.
They're in the things they all.
They're in town.
They're in the things they all.
Where you're from, baby.
All I've got are high.
Right on the ground floor.
Where I'm from.
I'm the medium of the apple tree.
I'm the medium of the...
Excellent.
So anyway, this thing you just factored me I find this most astonishing.
Oh, right, not really.
It shouldn't be that funny.
Charles Elmore of the Palm Beach Post is writing an article about Howard, Mo Howard David,
and wants to comment for me in response to the one he made about me.
He tells this guy, I told him something in confidence and he used it on the year.
Now, he can only be referring to the comment about you.
He did the right thing and he backed off in terms of getting you fired.
Okay, I don't know what kind of company he has never ever said anything to me since we've had so little conversation.
Anyways, he's never said anything in his life to me that he said, oh, strictly confidential and don't repeat this.
If you say something in confidence, that means you're telling somebody, don't repeat this, right?
And I will make it a point to say something like that.
Right.
There was nothing in confidence.
He told me that right to my face, which was an admission that he tried to get your ass canned.
That's all he did.
Everybody in the building knows that.
He tried desperately trying to walk out if they didn't fire your ass, which I had to work feverishly for weeks and weeks and weeks to keep them from firing your ass.
I got that message on my answering machine or on my voice mill from Greg Reed.
All great book by the way.
Congratulations.
Oh, and by the way, I'm decided to terminate George Rodriguez.
So there's your answer, Charles Elmore.
There's the answer for you.
He never told me anything in confidence and the man is full of crap as usual.
Just like all his other outrage when he first came to town.
He didn't go after Bill's in for his job.
He takes it very pretty.
Yeah, this guy is just a tragic.
There are no words to describe him.
And I really mean this.
I have never encountered a person.
And I use that term loosely like Mohaward in my life.
I think after they made that mold, they burned it.
They did something with it.
There's nothing like him.
Thank the Lord.
So, you know, reading that thing, you did the question from that writer in Palm Beach.
It's enough to make me play one of those bits now, you know?
But I probably won't.
That's would be a nice to me today, Mohaward.
Don't mention it, Goldie.
You're not going to get raped again today, are you, Mohaward?
Yeah, you know why?
Why is that, Mohaward?
Because rape is not funny.
But I ain't going to be a mean man no more.
If they think that's funny, that's fine by me.
Wow, you really changed your way.
Ah, if I get about it.
I'm putting over all no big nootin' leafs.
You have a nice day and power, nice my cutly friend.
Hey, Mohaward, look out for that truck!
Ah, look out, look out, look out, look out!
Moe looks like a shapeless pile of gold.
You, you, you.
You show my respect, I don't issue.
I wasn't even told before that bastard boosted my shoes.
I don't wanna say I'm glad outside of here the messy old shmucky wasn't bad.
It's a Mahaya.
Oh, how would they just say this?
Oh, how would they just say this?
But it's wigless, I.
Oh, how would they just say this?
But it's wigless, I.
Oh, how would they just say this?
But it's wigless, I.
Oh, how would they just say this?
And by the way, Charles, Moe, was another guy's name at the Palm Beach Post?
Yes.
Maybe you'd like to talk to some of the other people at QAIM and see if they can even get honest answer out of them in terms of what they think about Moe and how their relationship is.
But nevertheless, that's your business you're writing the article.
At least he's writing something as opposed to Tommy over there at the Sun Central,
who's too busy writing about the cooking show schedules for the day.
That's his idea of a radio and TV.
I thought you were kidding.
And if you go back to that site where his column is and they had the list of all of his past columns,
that's a regular feature of his.
So the two things that he's got on there this week has claimed a fame.
With last Sunday he had his usual TV book, His Questions and Answers,
which I still think he makes up the questions then puts in the answers and at least some of them.
And the other one is the schedule for the cooking shows today.
And that's it.
You had the guy named American Idol of Final Last night that was watched by 80 trillion people.
Even though I don't care about him, it was a big story.
You got the stuff that's going on at QAIM.
You got the thing that happened with a conflict between you know,
what Jim Sarny wrote about that.
But here's the guy that's supposed to be right about the media.
You have the thing with the, I don't want to go into it.
Everybody knows what I'm talking about.
The thing with party radio and power.
There is so much going on in this market.
And this man just is totally oblivious.
If he would pay as much attention to what he's supposed to be writing about as he does the daily racing form,
maybe the people who read the Sunset will know a little inside stuff.
What's going on in the radio in the market.
But then again, they can listen to the show and find out.
Thanks Tom, never thought about that.
Speaking of airport security, I thought I had these two other things.
Yes.
From CBS News, Attractive Guns in the Compit.
Sources say the Bush administration plans to not have a small scale test program of arming commercial pilots
and it turned about from its previous opposition to the idea.
We want to move forward in a limited way so that the senior government official speaking on the condition of that in the media, of course,
to see whether or not based on fact guns would further security.
The administration said to be modeling its trial plan along the lines of similar proposals that circulated in Congress this summer.
One such plan would have armed as many as 1400 pilots, about 2% of those flying.
A source says the administration is on the brink of announcing the decision.
They're getting close.
In fact, look at it.
There he is.
It helps a hard ass.
Not helps the plane as it turns.
I want people going back to work in America.
What do you say to that about hard ass?
Yeah, that's what I heard.
Hard ass.
One of the tales of the plan is still being worked out by the TSA.
Oh, there's no more monetic.
And he's got his ugly finger in there.
And other officials, the basic framework for limited test programs have been essentially drawn up.
Details on how many pilots could participate in the length of the program, haven't been finalized yet.
The government source said adding that the cost liability and training issues are still being worked out.
Maybe we can make a schedule and show everybody in America and all over the world which pilots on which flights are going to have been.
Okay.
Just to make sure that it's meaningless.
Transportation Undersecretary John McGau who headed the new TSA on till July said it may not allow pilots to carry guns.
Reinforce cockpit and armed air marshals provide enough protection against terrorists who try to take over a plane he'd be saying.
The responsibility of the pilots to control the aircraft McGau said.
The use of firearms aboard the U.S. aircraft must be limited to those thoroughly trained members of law enforcement.
Our position is made that the cockpit makes the cockpit as safe as we can.
Control that plane and get it on the ground.
Having thousands of armed pilots in airports would mean thousands of weapons that could fall the wrong hands.
McGau said at the time we just don't want to subject to transportation system to additional firearms he said.
But the House in July voted 310 to 113 to allow commercial pilots to carry guns giving the proposal momentum and TSA secretary Nourmannett said soon after when he was re-examining the issue.
The airlines have generally opposed plans to our pilots while the pilots union and the NRA of course have backstarts proposed it.
And I do two as a matter of fact.
Don't you?
Yeah.
Huh?
You don't want your pilot having a gun.
You don't fly anywhere anyway.
Right.
Once the last time you flew anywhere.
What decade was that last decade?
Airports.
Airports.
I guess.
Oh, that's a long time ago.
Airports won't be security mandate.
Don't forget that's your cargo trip.
Oh yeah.
You had two very close together flights on there.
The trip up and then when they send you back fans right after the show.
Thanks a lot Disney.
Well, basically they didn't want to like spend money to keep the underlings in their Chicago.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
Airports won't meet security mandate.
This goes back to that story before.
If terrorists ever again target US aviation, the threat is likely to be centered right in the belly of an airplane.
Security experts agree a suitcase bomb presents the greatest risk.
Yet as CBS News Correspondent Bob or reports, four months before a year-end deadline requiring that all check bags be scanned for explosives,
most luggage is not being screened.
Now the nation's biggest airports warn there is no way to meet the mandate without major disruptions.
Jeff Fiegan chief executive officer in Dallas, Fort Worth airports said they're not enough time money or space to install the 60 bomb scanners needed to scan the 55,000 bags take each day.
We have a very difficult time understanding how that's going to happen at this airport and at the same time not create very long lines and really adverse impact on our customers.
Instead, screeners will use small explosive trace detectors and crowded ticket lobbies to conduct invasive searches for bombs.
The protocol calls for about 60% of the bags actually be opened in some patients as Fiegan, so that would actually take place right here in front of all other customers.
Most major US airports face a similar crunch because the TSA is nowhere close to having enough equipment or manpower, nowhere even close.
To meet the deadline, the TSA needs 1100 TTX bombs canters, 5600 handheld trace detectors, and 22,000 screeners,
so far only 240 scanners have been installed, pro-100 detectors in our airports and only 175 screeners have been hired of the 22,000 that they need.
Right now we're thinking there will probably be 20 to 30 airports where we won't be able to meet the December 31st deadline, says Nora Maneta.
Puts.
Maneta, who's promised to move passengers through security checkpoints in 10 minutes, can see its hand searches at those airports will cause big delays.
It may take an hour and a half to two hours to do what he says. That's why airports and passenger advocates now are pushing Congress to delay the December 31st back screening deadline.
And of course based on the New York Daily News and the experiment, what difference does it make if they go through and check this stuff anyway?
They opened up some of those bags and still didn't find a goddamn guns.
I just think it's an impossible dream, says Tom Parsons who runs bestfares.com.
Unless Congress backs off Parsons, says K-Ocel Rule the airports. It's going to be an aggravating, says you think we had long lines before? I think you're going to see an even longer lines.
Airlines say they simply can't afford that with flights and passengers off 10% as your losses could top 5 billion.
Until security holds like an adequate baggage screenings are closed, the US Aviation Industry runs the risk of losing even more, it says.
CBS News.com
1157 at 560 WQM, the Mad Dog coming up at 1.
Macro shopping like I keep telling you is stupid. Don't be stupid because a lot of people on this station don't like people who are stupid like George.
If you want to be smart, pick up the phone and call my good post personal buddies at dial-matters. I've used them several times over the last several years and that's the only way to get you a great new mattress.
1-800 mattress, they give you more than just great service, they give you an unbeatable selection of top brand names.
They got the best brands in the universe, SIRTA, Celi, Simmons, King Coral, all the top names you've heard of and you love.
And no store can match their selection or their every day exceptionally low prices.
A lot of stores give you like a big sale and they give you a bait and swathe. They wind up giving you mattress you didn't want in the first place.
Now with dial-matters, they have exactly the type and the brand that you want in stock and ready for just about immediate delivery.
Any day of the week, seven days a week in the two hour window, that's convenient for you when you're going to be home.
So forget about running all over town, forget about sitting on your ass all day praying that somebody will show up.
Do your mattress shopping the smart way with dial-matters and don't forget about that 30 day in-home comfort guarantee too, it's unbeatable.
Pick up that phone right now and I guarantee you as soon as tonight if you like, you'll be sleeping like a baby with a big smile on your push, your back and all you will be feeling better.
Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or check them out in that World Wide Wicked Web at mattress.com.
My line and local, your sports radio 560-C-W-A-U-A-F.
I just stayed cold steam, but you can call me Kelsey. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town.
It's the 12-1 hour.
This is former vast president of the United States, Al Gore.
I have recently poked my head out of the shadows of oblivion to take pot shots at the president.
I have reappeared, much like Pux-Litani Phil, the groundhog creature that reappears each year to determine whether or not we'll have an early spring.
I wish it to be known that it was I who was responsible for saving the lives of those nine miners in Pennsylvania over the weekend.
I had asked the media to keep my name out of it as not to appear a spotlight hog.
However, I feel the American people have a right to know the truth.
Here's what happened. Upon hearing of this unfortunate accident, I'll race to the scene.
I lowered myself into the mine using an old Ron Popeel pocket fisherman and some bailing wire.
Down, down, down, into the depths of darkness I sank, never thinking of my own safety, but rather of the safety of those man on the ground.
When I reached the miners, they said to me, hey, you're the guy that invented the internet, right?
I said yes.
We all had a Mike's hard lemonade, which I brought with me down into the hole, and then we sat around and re-enacted the fart scene from blazing saddles.
I thought you should know the truth.
And now, much like the Groundhog creature pucks the tawny filth, I'll flink back into the darkness of oblivion until I am needed again.
This is Al Gore, super hero.
Yeah, well, let you know Al, don't worry. It's trouble one at five sixty WQM are bringing you into one hour.
246 votes on the poll. Which of these women do you most strongly think is a beard for gay celebrities?
Elizabeth Taylor, 65, all of the above 55, Lisa Marie Pressley, 36, none of the above 22, Britney Spears, 17, Anna Cornel, 17, JLo, B, having ten now, she's in double digits,
Janet Jackson and Brooke Shields, each have nine, and Nicole Kibman, who just got on list here, moments ago, has already got six.
What a shame she was not there right from the beginning, you know, she might give them a run for their honey.
Man with 16 guns arrested in DC speaking of gun nuts, the man was arrested yesterday afternoon in downtown Washington after a cache of weapons including ten rifles and six handguns was found in his car law enforcement sources said.
The man whom sources identified as Jeffrey Klucce, no relation to NHL gold tender Dan Klucce, has not been charged yet and will probably face a court appearance today, probably.
In fact, he may be in there right now. Klucce is in secret service custody, has been questioned the sources said, a woman was in the car and she was detained as well.
The car was a rented Chevrolet Cavalier sources said, uh oh, the alert to locate the vehicle man was thought to be driving first came from the Newport New Hampshire Police Department, Tuesday, Nettacorn, one law enforcement official.
It was usually after the man made comments about need to go to Washington to get things straightened out.
Word of the search for the vehicle became public in Philadelphia after local media outlet reported police communications describing the vehicle, getting straightened out.
That's what Michael wanted to do in Vegas too. Was that buy him out? You buy me out? I buy you out. I was making my bones while you were banging cheerleaders.
Plainist attorney, say victim still considering church's settlement offer. This in stark contrast to the story we had yesterday, which turns out to be as usual since it came from the church officials.
Another lie liar liar your robes are on fire. This is from the Boston Globe. Of course the attorney for the alleged sex abuse victims of the frock priest John Gagan said yesterday that reports of a tentative $10 million settlement between the Boston Arts Dices and his clients are premature a premature evaluation.
He had father to abuse ever problem with that. Squirt, squirt. In a late morning news conference yesterday attorney Mitchell Girabideon said there is an offer of $10 million. There's been no acceptance to call a tentative would be inaccurate.
He said his 86 clients were considering the proposal but he declined to say how many agreed to it. Many have signed many have not signed he said.
The Reverend Christopher coin a spokesman for the Arts Dices refused yesterday to confirm the amount of the settlement offer but said the negotiations were moving swiftly on both sides and were pretty close to a deal.
Oh, don't you love. Just just the verbiage of that makes me want to barf. We're pretty close to a deal. How much does it going to cross the chart?
Now if Moe would have said to me how much can I pay you? How much will I pay you to keep this quiet?
That would have done it. We're taking a lot more than that. Here's a guy I'm interrupting the store but I'll get back to it.
Here's a guy who comes in and thinks he can go around and backstab and he's going to manipulate and he's going to wait around. He's a big shot and he's going to get you fired and nobody's going to know about it.
The best part of the thing is one of the reasons that Muff was in a rubber room for so long is because they never even told him about it.
Moe had nothing to do with that. Right. So in a moment of weakness in a moment of where candor he leaned back in that chair and said to me and certainly not in confidence.
You know why George is still here because I did the right thing. I backed off.
Which is an admission that he was the one as if anybody didn't already know that but here is the smoking gun right there. He backed off.
So he actually thought he could do all this manipulation around there, get you fired and nobody would ever know how it really happened as if I'm going to shut up about it.
See when you start messing with my people Moe that's when it gets on the air along with all your other hanky panky.
What the hell was that saying? I don't know. I forgot. There's no settlement at this point but we're all working toward it. He said the Reverend Christopher coin.
This doesn't mean we're stepping back from it. It just means it was a little premature to be reported in the media as such. Right. It was a media's fall. Right.
The previous deal has to be worth as much as 30 million was announced in March but the art style.
So he's backed out in May when its finance council rejected that they backed out. Good Christians that they are. Good law abiding. Good the truth telling a catlicks that they are.
They backed out. We changed their mind. The new offer which has been approved by the finance council has made late July before the sides went to court to determine whether the earlier settlement was biting said laws attorney J. Owen Todd.
Here a beating is as just constant. Swini to enforce the earlier agreement which called for the art's diocese to make payments to victims ranging from 10 grand to almost a million bucks a piece.
Swini had encouraged lawyers to settle before she ruled on the first offer here a beating said those amounts will be reduced proportionally or about two thirds under the new deal.
Some are the victims would still receive $10,000 while the victims themselves would receive approximately 25 to $320,000.
Very very small amounts for screwing up people's lives. It's not all about money contrary to what some people say.
Your median said my clients just want closure. They want to get out with their lives closure robes father people are starting to talk.
Here a median said one possible remaining obstacle is that some clients want to be allowed to make victim impact statements in court describing how the abuse is affected their lives.
The agreement involves some 86 plaintiffs 70 who allegedly abused by gig and 16 relatives of victims who have sued the art's diocese.
Todd said your median told me yesterday morning that all but one of the plaintiffs had agreed to the $10 million settlement but your median said yesterday that was not true not true all plaintiffs must agree for the deal to be finalized.
So who do you believe you believe the art's diocese? Oh you believe them.
Don't think so they have what you call just a slight credibility problem the art's diocese especially that one there in Boston and Cardinal a law.
Who still I mean the fact that he still there is just mind boggling it's just astonishing.
They don't take their marching orders from you the people the congregation or the law or the law because in that art's diocese he beat the law more ways than one.
I've been holding this story off and I because it's been near the bottom of my pile and it I told you before the show this has got to get on before I forget about it.
UK and this is perfect for them too for the Brits UK marks public toilet anniversary this was the August 14 so I've been sitting on it for a couple of weeks.
That's all this for it.
Proud of the past but embarrassed by the present Britain marked the 150th anniversary of its public toilets Wednesday which you're whatever Wednesday that was in August amid warnings the public convenience is disappearing from its streets.
Bearing the shield Hamlet and Trident of a national symbol Britannia model Michelle Libertro laid a giant penny against the ratings of a subterranean Lou in central London near the spot on fleets street where Britain's first public toilet opened in 1852.
I wonder if they also had available dispensing machines for fleet animals.
Wouldn't you think?
Why not?
In the Lou or in Lou of a finger they have coin up tampon machines public toilets. I know that public toilets traditionally cost depending to use and to spend a penny became a common expression for going to the Lou.
Well worth it twice the price I'd say the historic fleets free toilet is now closed many others are following in Amsterdam they don't have what they call a lot.
I don't know not that kind of it's not like a real toilet they just have those things where you stand in P like a surrounded by a green.
Huh it's a stall a urinal stall yeah but I mean it's surrounded partially by a green I don't know some kind of a screen thing you know green screen a green screen.
And of course if you really want to get a good look there's no problem 47% of public convenience is in England cities of post since 1995 according to the audit commission last year there were 50 800 public toilets in England one for every 8000 inhabitants wow.
The number of public toilets in the UK is limited in declining especially for women who have about half as much provision as men to start with said clear agreed an academic from the University of the West of England with the studying public toilets well that's great and that's something what do you do when you're academic work I study public toilets somebody's got to yeah somebody's got to check out the crap yet it's men not women who provoked a debate about an adequate provision because of the growing incidence of street urination I see so they must be talking about the same things.
Because obviously the women need like a full a full service job with the seat you know right but when you're talking about the one for the man they must be the same public toilets were introduced in the 19th century to stop the spread of disease through public following public following that a baseball term yes and many of London's Victorian lose our graceful structures tiled underground chambers encircled by iron fences and crowned with arches or pergolas what are pergolas don't remember that there was a restaurant called our pergola.
I have no idea what that is many are now padlocked and resting while others have found a new life as cafes flower shop theaters and I clubs public public toilets are an important element of creating accessible sustainable cities greed said but a lot of authorities take the view that they're too expensive and too much trouble to maintain greed said Britain's neglect of its toilet heritage contrasted with a restroom revolution in East Asia all with thank God I may have to be going there Singapore's governments declared clean public toilets a hallmark of a gracious society and last year hosted a world toilet summit.
Oh you see if I would have missed this story you never would have known and nobody in this audience would have known unless they were there so how do you spell pergola P E R G O L A how else would you spell it come on P E R G O L A pergola you finding it I'm finding it and what does it say oh that's right I forgot you're on a I can't believe how slow that thing is that that was embarrassing that little thing before we both went to the Sun Sentinel and I was I was reading Tommy's schedule for the cooking
shows and you were still trying to find the columns so what does pergola mean if you found it an Arbor or passageway of columns supporting a roof of oh here's another words trellis work on which
climbing plants are trained to grow how lovely wouldn't you like to take a real heavy dump in the middle of a surrounded by that sounds sounds very inviting to me man I think I could just really let out some
anyway Singapore's governments declared public toilets a hummarker gracious society and last year hosted that world toilet summit the city of Siwan South Korea so proud of its futuristic lose it builds itself as a city with the most beautiful public toilet in the world this is not from a British paper by the way it's from news day and yet to keep using that term Lou
the British toilet association lobbies for better bathrooms and its law of the year awards recognize excellence in public conveniences oh man authorities in West Men's through the central London borough of the country's busiest public toilets the little less how do you say that luster square or is that light sister see that's like Worcester but I don't know the Brits I don't know how they do the luster square losers more than a million customers here has devised ingenious ways to combat street urination the borough has set up open aerosol and busy tourist areas and plants to introduce color to the world
and the lack of the urinals invented in the Netherlands that can rise out of the sidewalks on Friday and Saturday nights how do you like that leave it to those Dutch baby they know their crap and their cheap that's where the that term came from Dutch treated you know that we were talking about that oh yeah I think you are kind of out you were very astute about that
also about time 12 minutes afternoon at 5 60 WDQ and by the way somebody tried to get your fire not too long ago I heard that here's something that's good for you oh real man maybe some people on our staff could use them it's certainly can't hurt their mind if they have one but it can help yours all your meds got supplements for all different parts of your health they just a little capsule you pop in your push it's got the best olive oil you'll find anywhere in it along with vitamins and minerals and rubles all kinds of good stuff in those little capsules easy to take and they've got one for your prostate
one for your heart your blood pressure cholesterol they make one for your circulatory system your digestive your interconsystem your skin involves and like I said even your mind all using the benefits of pharmaceutical great olive oil and only a med like I keep telling you over and over again makes products for men and for ladies to hey skip me how about some copy maybe
only a meds available all over town at Walgreens go see my friend Marcy there at sunrise in Abhil ask your how about some only med and once I knew pizza lot opening right right over there where I'm pointing whole food markets tomorrow pharmacy in synonymous has it to if you want to get more information about all your med where else you can buy it and what it can do for you just call their toll free number and they'll explain it to you call one 866 all your med that's one 866 all your med and you can order their products off their world famous website to on the net at all your med america dot com
my life and love this is 420 by 6.
You weigh in weigh in.
How it David Eisner Mr. Mouse what the hell are you doing to me what do you mean sir why am I reading in the paper you're going to put a
Disney theme park and Brooklyn well sir we're just scouting locations Jesus I'm scouting CEOs you are killing me but sir who we've done with New York City Times Square
right now I can see in on
Raymond
Raymond
put all the vacuum plan and rain months get that blue bird out of here
okay boss
I'm not but sir look what we don't admit down man had 40 second treat is incredible I want
publicly I supported that but you took all the point away you're killing me I'm going through
garrison like kids we're just scouting areas calm dad
listen to me but much don't tell me to calm down we got lucky with Lee Rowan's day to 128 million dollars
now you're trying to rule in the whole network we're kind of programming are you running
I'm in my way hang on a minute
three two three months
yes got blue bird crap all over your shoulder
when you're so up for heaven's sake
and head off the module planet
look at him up
good God
sir the network is fine
why couldn't you come up with American Idol good God you're still running James Bob movie
there's 60 years old why don't you just put steamboat willing on to be done with it
please make a couple of damn dollars
well the movie division's fine you mentioned we will in stitch and now we have the new
m night channel on movie coming out later this time signs what the hell does that mean
stop sign yield sign you got a sex swing in some of these titles past me
please
I know you can't hear me
I'm in your job but you're terrible I'm sorry they don't put remiss in there I do like to be
president of Disney remiss oh my what a wonderful day get out of here you're not back
the uncle remiss just this time you know what now what was that the song of the south was that
the name of that movie that's the one very good what a memory huh see now anybody who's not
an old fart like you and me doesn't even know what that uncle remiss thing is all about in the
bluebird on my mother you have to relive that blue bird of a huh just read the book don't
don't forget uh brair rabbit and brair fox right brair bear ara backlash warning to bush
this just in part baby just what and the tar baby are you starting in again a US war against
Iraq would open the gates of hell in the Middle East Arabic Secretary General Amir Musa
miki Musa said on Thursday today speaking at the end of an Arab League Foreign Minister's
meeting in Cairo Musa urged Iraq to allow UN weapons inspections to resume in a bid to head off
a US attack but he warned no Arab country looks after any threat on any other Arab country well
wow the statement comes today after President George W. Metzini members of Congress to discuss a
possible US action against Iraq the US accused the Iraq of blah blah blah the claims are backed by
British Prime Minister Tony Blair who is to fly the US for talks with Bush and Kant David about a
possible military strike Musa said US threats risk in flaming a background of frustration and anger
over the ongoing Israeli palestitian conflict and action against Iraq with the general opposition
to the world I believe would lead the serious repercussions in this region and perhaps beyond he said
there you go Nick Bride gets backing on Reno turf lengthy article should I go with it well you
can hit the highlights no I don't want to hit the highlights I want to do the whole thing
all right it's worth listening to I Bill Merritt's from the Harold so must be really and guess what
the print is like normal size unlike rich factors that's like condensed real way can you imagine how
much money he saves on facts paper every year he must be Dutch I thought he was Jewish he must
be mothers a few Jews and Netherlands my landlord ain't too happy about it Bill McBride burst
out of the final battleground of his campaign for governing yesterday achieving celebrity status in
the South Florida home base of Democratic Party rival Janet Reno the one time small town high school
football jok learned a little Yiddish sip Cuban coffee in little Havana evaded talk of alien
Gonzalez on Spanish radio and chatted across town with Haitian American leaders Reno also in Miami
campaigned among her core supporters of blacks and seniors and appeared unfazed by her rivals in
Roads in her hometown where she was elected state attorney five count him five times
McBride has got no intention of winning the majority votes in the region on Tuesday merely to
avert a Reno blowout by convincing undecided voters they should consider him rather than the more
famous US attorney general they're talking about being a day in South Florida ultimately McBride
strategy is hoped to widdle Reno's percentage lead in South Florida just 60 to 40% and
advantage small enough that a presumed McBride landslide in several north Florida would have
known him the nominee Miami date is the battleground McBride a Tampa lawyer told a crowd of supporters
on his arrival at Opalak airport his best weapon in Miami is date county mayor Alex Penga
Pakenia a Cuban American Democrat who on Wednesday officially handed his political machine to McBride
for the primaries final six days he's the best chance that we Democrats have to recapture the
governor's mansion said Penga Pakenia who's on a short list of people McBride's considering for
running mate shooting win the primary all we can only pray take him with you please bill
we'll pack you up on media no Che Reno meanwhile defender Turfiest today with the
appearances that they mostly black Miami Jackson high school where the principal hailed her as a hero
in recent days the former dates that are turning a scene a 30 point lead over McBride dwindled
away virtual tie amid a large TV ad campaign for McBride have you seen any Reno spots uh I saw a spot
rip in him I guess that was a Reno spot written in what no ripping him oh you have seen one yes
no that was a that was a boy spot okay then I haven't seen any Janet spots I haven't seen
any either of course I'm not there Reno's also watches their party establish and see Thomas
right I can't keep track with it Reno's also watches their party establishments move more aggressively
to push her down with US representatives Korean Brown Jacksonville and Alcy Hastings of Fort Lauderdale
backing McBride and new endorsements coming yesterday from Penga Pakenia and US representative Bob
Waxler of Wilka Ratton Reno said she wasn't surprised by panelists endorsement alluding to their
dispute over the alien custody case the mayor has had some issues with me over the past she said
I think that's fairly obvious Reno who drove through Miami on her final red truck tour across the
state before the primary maintains that McBride's endorsements below diddled do little to diddle
will do little to dim enthusiasm for her campaign this election has been about contact with the
people themselves that's what all counts you said this election's gonna be one with the voters
but as Reno courts blacks and seniors in an attempt to salvage her campaign McBride's
McBride's boulder moves on her turf since strong signals that she'll have to fight in South Florida
for the landslide she needs to make up for her rivalry rivals popularity farther north McBride
and wouldn't you think like a Cuban Democrats which there aren't you know there are some three if
they're not gonna vote for her they're not gonna vote for a Democrat anyway I say Cuban Democrats
I don't think there are any six McBride or Reno have left the other rival states
Senator Gerald Jones far behind in the polls Jones campaign to date brought upon each count
yesterday visiting newspaper editorial boards appearing on a radio station talking with two
Democratic groups and they'll say who the hell are you McBride's strategy to see a stop in South
Florida is a critical juncture once been a slowly developing but carefully constructed approach
to winning a Democratic primary rather than competing hit on the vote rich but expensive stronghold
of the party McBride first built his credibility elsewhere won the backing of organized labor and
used TV ads to catch Reno in the polls we could have spent hundreds of days and millions of dollars
and saw how many resources and tried to compete for South Florida said Robyn Rorapal McBride's
campaign manager but we've slowly built a foundation and we're reaping the rewards of that
foundation the rewards were huge yesterday for man who was so obscure when he began his campaign
he didn't even register in the polls nine TV cameras at the Pingham Picanian Doresment five TV
treks per afternoon coffee at the little of Antelayne Mark Versailles restaurant and the world
treatment from a friendly Spanish radio talk show host McBride's campaign also showed the kind of
see the only reason they're friendly to him is because they hate Janet right McBride's campaign
also showed the kind of organization seen in the region lately only from governor Bush two private
plans carrying the candidate and press corps and a care of an of SUVs shepherding the entourage
through busy streets works for who's heavily Jewish district should be Reno's safest
to rain in Florida for a plan that he's backing McBride for one reason I want to beat Jeb Bush so
badly he says people know Janet Reno well respect her he said but I want to tell my constituents
that I now know Bill McBride very well and he can beat Jeb Bush nice going there Bob
amen works we're got a laugh among the overwhelming the Jewish crowd when he welcome McBride to the
Mishbaja Yiddish for family oh by the way you realized that this weekend is Russia Shana no I didn't
I can't we got no one here and we got you him Kipper coming yeah this weird head I believe is
Russia Shana happy to I knew you're the most intriguing move with the day came from Penga
Pakenya who's entry into the free offers a lesson subtle reminder to one decided Cuban American
Democrats of Reno's role in the alien affair the mayor who addressed the credit opalakia
important English and Spanish spent the day with McBride translating for him on Spanish language
WQBA and it's according him to Versailles. Penelope's been a bit of a gamble from a bride who in the
past two weeks has pulled even with Reno and the polls along many Democrats do remember the mayor
for his absence during the 2000 presidential election nearly lost by Al Gore while outside of
Miami many remember his threats to the five federal authorities if Reno ordered alien return to
his father in Cuba. A new herald poll of likely primary voters shows that Penelope wins high
marks from 54 percent of Democrats but among non white Hispanics McBride's base Penelope's not so
popular winning approval from just 45 percent the issue appeared to Vex McBride asked repeatedly
whether Reno made the right call on alien he declined to answer in grasp for ways to evade the
question. Aaaaah who? That kind of thing as his standing rises in the polls McBride's come under
increasing criticism from Republicans who produce TV ads questioning his record is managing partner
Hollywood night law firm McBride countered with a new ad yesterday that extolls newspaper endorsements
and asks why is Jeff Bush trying to smear him? McBride told supporters they should judge him not
in the GOP ads but other factors judge me by my friends he said and there you go I think he's got
a shot what do you think I think he's got a shot good let's vote for Bill McBride 40 or 50 times okay
Janet she's a good guy we like her a lot and stuff like that but a good guy yeah what's wrong
with that Janet is a good guy no I got to do my rush you're sure nothing and then I got to do some
alien stuff alien how is that yeah I got to play some alien stuff I just got you talking about alien
anniversary anniversary or something when it's not an anniversary we got an anniversary coming up in
six days okay I'll remind you what it is 1226 how's the pool coming we up to 300 votes yet pretty
I don't know maybe they don't like this question today it's the more of that gay banter you know
they don't they don't like that which of these women do you most strongly a feel is a beard for
gay celebrities we asked today on our pool on neo-roggers.com now we got a link to that what is it
again news and news.cjb news inside it out and don't give it out see because then they won't look
oh we want to have a link as is he putting it on there today come on Eric get with it okay
stop with it he's in the middle of an extended branch that starts at about 945 and ends at 2
then he works on his afternoon snack and then dinner in their house starts around 430 I'm here
which of these women you most strongly think is a beard for gay celebrities Elizabeth Taylor 79
for she makes me sick you know yeah all of the above 63 at least in Marie Pressley 39
loses running away none of the above 24 and a corner hola 18 Britney Spears got 17 Janet Jackson
and JLo with 11 Brooksheel's with 10 and Nicole Kibben's only been on her for a lot 20 seconds
she's already got seven a VIP sportsbook.com I bet you that name sounds familiar in the
stale old copy probably does too because Gary Surners full of crap hey Gary hey listen why should
you tell me the truth you were tight with Greg hey listen anyway the name should sound familiar
because VIP sportsbook is the only sports book to be endorsed by all the industry watchdog
groups since 1996 and by the way that guy that looked like you and Amsterdam he was a real
asshole Gary because see no time to those recent issues as you can look but you won't find a
better overall sportsbook then VIP sportsbook.com maybe you're looking for more than just a world
class book that offers 24 hour VIP service and the safety of a leader how about this how about the
highest parliads in the universe up to 2001 minimum bets of only five bucks and free what
draws 24 hours a day and a 15% cash bonus ended your first deposit now this isn't some jungle book
it like in Miramar it's Dutch based VIP sportsbook.com where you're treated with class and your money
is safe sign up online to get a 15% cash bonus ended your account or call them toll free if you
like if you prefer at 1 866 VIP bets easy to get started all you have to do is just log on to VIP
sportsbook.com and don't forget when you sign up online you get that 15% cash bonus be a winner
at VIP sportsbook.com where you are the VIP.
there back your favorite Jewish rock and roll nostalgia band it's Russia Shanana with their
latest hits album Sakhopat the synagogue
yes Russia Shanana is reformed to bring you 12 kosher cuts of hot spin Hebrew hygiene
is good for you this album should be in every orthodox rockers collection rolling stone gives it five stars of David
Sakhopat the synagogue new from Russia Shanana available in all record stores we'll talk
from 32 at 560 WQ I'm happy Thursday to you you made it's coming up on a clock I'm desperately looking
for that story from that website which I key I'm going to use it tomorrow you know the one I'm talking
about no yeah the one about God is a businessman oh something like that our here it is God
exists in God is a corporation God is a capitalist by John Stanton and Wade Madsen from the news
insider I'm going to save that for tomorrow I'll put a right on top of my pile okay okay good stuff
in the meantime you can read it news insider not what is it CJB and if you didn't get that just go
to our website and diddle around on it judge rules in favor of topless beauty North Carolina judge
had yesterday that Rebecca Rebels should be allowed to keep her title is myth North Carolina myth
Rebels 24 resided in July after Miss America officials received an email from her ex-boyfriend
Tosh Welch saying they were compromising photos over the judge says topless photos of rebels
that they exist are not a violation of her contract with pageant officials last week the judge
issued a temporary restraining order over returning the crowned rebels his action today yesterday
meaning turn that temporary order in a preliminary injunction it's not clear if yesterday's ruling
means that Rebels will be allowed to compete as North Carolina's representative in the US America
pageant the judge is ruling affects her claim against the North Carolina pageant she is a separate
lawsuit against the Miss America pageant which is scheduled for hearing today so they're hearing it
let's hear it from mr. North Carolina okay let's hear it all right
topless for who the hell cares for crying out loud they do because you know it's a good family kind of
yeah likely story like the people like all the guys that are watching that sitting about two
inches from the screen in addition to which why would they be watching that anyway when he's
being women watching that crap bikes no race the same women I used to watch that awful show with
vest mirror man whatever was but used to give me what was the name was Randy Merrin and best
Morrison I'm sorry what that was the name of that show with these two avoid the mink coats as
before you were born anyway those are the same same women shut-ins sight throughout lost spam
accused of spamming remember I mentioned this earlier I made reference I made reference group
asked the FTC to take action against unsolving I was I was seriously I was downloading something
this morning I remember which story it was and it just sat there and sat there and sat there
and I've had that happen before and when that happens it's usually that there's spam coming you know
right there were a dozen not one not four not six there were a dozen pop-up ads that I had to get rid
of you know how annoying that is yeah I know a dozen now how is it that they all come blasting it
are they coming from the same place not necessarily but how is it that they come and seem to come
at it at the same time shut-ins shut-ins he's a computer guy they're they're all coming in at the
same time because it's something you do on your computer it's when you click on a certain thing
it's all built into your computer it's all built into some software that you installed that you
don't even know about that's what the whole shabang's about really and you can't get rid of them
yeah you can there's stuff to get rid of my install that on a Georgia's computer well what the L.A.
let's let's go man let's go one of one of the one of the good ones is ad aware a DAW a R E right
you install that on your computer and it goes in there it scans your whole computer and it gets
rid of all that crap excellent thank you he's not so ugly after all George well if it works
if it doesn't work I mean he's man seriously it's it's annoying anyway a new initiative by
consumer groups to bring federal action against companies that's an unsolicited email no one is
spam was undercut yesterday when the groups themselves were accused of spamming how do you like
that hit they're like the fox guarding the chicken coop and taking a little bite every now and
the website vantis spam dot com oh band the spam see it's all run run together like that I have
enough trouble reading words when they don't run together when they're like separate vantis spam
dot com encourages internet users to share their spam horror stories and add their names to
petition to be sent to federal regulators even if an internet user chose not to receive email
updates from the telecommunications research and action center one of the efforts sponsors the
website replied with a message you are currently signed up for news and information when notified
by the a p other consumer groups that support anti spam causes decline to comment but Adam
theorer of libertarian kato institute which supports the rights of marketers descend on solicited
email call the incident outrageous they're being highly hypocritical here in attempting to encourage
increased federal regulation of something and then turning around and doing it themselves theorists
said some people are supposedly holier than now but our centers themselves while I'm going to
agree with his position but on that issue he's right after being notified by a reporter track
change the site to reply with a message you'll not get email from us unless you requested it when
you submitted your story about spam track chairman sam sam and apologize for the mistake and blame
that on one of the groups web designers he said people that did not choose to receive email
updates wouldn't get them the guy that put it up didn't understand it rewell Simon said track
another groups consumer action national consumers league on federal trade commission to sue marketers
that sends spam without authentic return addresses or send emails to someone who is opted out of
receiving the messages in the statement the fdc said it's concerned about the proliferation of
and plans to review the petition the fdc has an email address you see yet fdc dot gov
where internet users can forward offensive junk email that address gets about 10,000 such emails
today the fdc be saying in march and april the fdc shut down several internet marketing
operations that use deceptive spam in one case commissioner lawyer said the emails and ties
victims into paying eleven million dollars in hidden hidden telephone charges rate hey I think
we got a business on the side huh sounds good to me let's do it by the time they time they
catch up with us I'll be long gone anyway I'll be out of there of course I'm already out of
there like guilty I'm already out of there 21 to 01 22 whatever the hell it is to one we got the
mad dog to manage your one hank gonna be on a three and then don't forget big it's that football
season again baby college football then the all dolphins on Sunday bino cook with hank and I cannot
understand why them just a butcher an hour between five and six he's got to be the worst oh my god
then marlin's on deck 635 marlin's in a mess 710 first pitch 80k after the baseball and my close
personal friend jokas dello and the very nice guy mark isenberg don't belong on here those
guys will be on with the duty boys 2 to 6 or they are the do it but they're not really isn't Anthony
the duty boy he they don't get any dirtier and glad he's pretty dirty really oh yeah and what
about my close personal friend Moses oh that's right we shouldn't mention his name and conjunction
with that show should we know because daddy you'll get upset that's not gonna get his daddy
upset I'll tell you that right now he'll stick rich santa is on me if you love your home but you
need more space here's the answer for what to what to be doing do 100 to other people be doing
cost strictly additions whether you're having a baby in another room if you're converting a
carpenter patty when to living space if you just went into business for yourself like maybe with
the one of those phony phone deals and you need the home office cost strictly additions
there you're one stop shop more space for your place place with an absolutely worry free approach
of expanding your living space there was no shows by the other contractors when you do
business with strictly additions and ain't gonna happen no one expected bills no worries about the job
not getting done right and they take care of every single thing they drop the blueprints they get
the building permits and handle all the inspections too strictly additions has got an easy five step
approach to total customer satisfaction number one called a schedule a free project evaluation
appointment at your home where project estimator will determine the scope of your addition to
schedule a bid appointment and their convenience you're home ready to get a detailed proposal and
an exact price for your work let me say it again exact three selected finishing touches go to
contract for review the design architectural drawings and then five you sit back on your ass and
relax as your dream edition moves ahead on schedule and with unbeatable quality it's a piece of
cake you have strictly additions to call it nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred that's
nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred they're licensed they're insured professionals who
really care about doing great work for you look for their ad in the yellow pages called nine five four
seven nine one eighty one hundred be sure and tell them that PD Lenny told you to call strictly
additions five and a local this is five city the radius on your side you win
um
hi
waiting
that's where the fox on your consumption lack
the roasis
Until you see the human chain
And giant water will rise
Where you grab a drooper a raft
I take your blood and up
To a symbiotracy
Down
Back stops the fuel down
Under water and drown the back around
To work a rough middle down
It's the biggest parking beverage scene
Now people make your all the toilet for clean
The tide is on a raft
Like a big shock media star
And they'll guard your car
It's all about how important you feel
When the rest of the hundred-six is all they can
For a thousand years' fun
Go down the alien part
There's an ion zeer from the Rosecoach band
And rockin' music by LaFan band
While it gives you crampant
A teaser de la van
Under a coffee glass
I take the rod and swim in the car's late plays
That's you and play by Abby Blood
And it's Tuesday
That's for me boiling that stuff
We'll create a new alcohol alien on part
To the alien on part
Oh, alien alien on part
Okay, here I'm the part where he's about to like the hot people
And that's about your left stuff
Here rid of it
No, I just, I don't know why he does that
You know what I'm talking about
So you can talk over it
I don't want to talk over it
I don't want to be interrupted, okay?
Yeah, but
1246
At 560 WQIM
This is not in the local papers
What is your name?
Dana Kennedy, C-A-N-E-D-1
Never heard of her before, but anyway, she writes in today's New York Times
Miami facing new challenge on gay rights
More than two decades after the campaign by the entertainer
Anita Bryant to overturn one of the country's first gay rights ordinances
Divided Miami and cast the city as a symbol of intolerance
Voters will face the issue again on Tuesday
Conservative Christian groups have placed a measure on a ballot to repeal a date
County ordinance approved four years ago
Protecting gays from discrimination
But this time to move forward
Repail is the met with outrage by many residents and city leaders
Who are not just opposed to it but are actively campaigning against it
The battle over the initiative is hardly charged
And being closely watched by gay rights activists and civil civil rights organizations
Nationally, but the outcome may be more measure of just how much
Miami has evolved in its acceptance of diverse lifestyles
Since the first measure was repealed
In the city often divided by race and ethnicity
Applied release yesterday by the herald and local NBC television
I love that
And the local NBC television
See, they don't say NBC too many times
They're not going to give them any publicity
Why the hell should they?
They suck
Found strong opposition to repeal measure in all racial left-wing groups
They might not talk so bad if they didn't have old funny deadies like Ike Siemens working there
We're trying to build an image of international metropolis
A bridge among cultures but we would be saying
By the way, it's okay to discriminate based on sexual orientation
Said Mayor Alex Pingafikini of Dave County
That would just be wrong
We'd be turning the clock back several years that's clock with an L
Mayor Pingafikini has become so involved in the issue that he's recorded a phone message
That's being played a residence in which he urges them to vote against the repeal
Just say to repeal
Hundreds of other prominent Miami business civic community and religious leaders
Including the singer Gloria Estefan
I always liked her didn't we?
She sent us all those things every year
Latin television person out of Christina Sarra
What is it? Sarra like we?
They are Sarra like we
Is that how you're right?
Now how come you don't know this Mr. Speck?
I thought we've been through this
The Latin TV personality Christina
And the mayors of more than 30 County municipalities also support the notice discrimination
Save Dave campaign opposing the repeal
Civic and community leaders say repeal with none of what's threatened the livelihood of local gay men and lesbians
But also the county's all important to his ministry
Miami's image as an international city that embraces diversity
Proponents of repeal led by a group called Take Back Miami Day in supported by the Christian Coalition of Dave County
Other conservative religious groups
A bunch of far-bic and agglom
Says the ordinance extends unnecessary protection to people with deviant lifestyles
Since getting the measure on the ballot supporters become less vocal in face of widespread criticism
But Nathaniel Wilcox co-chairment of Take Back Day which was formed to support the repeal set of gays
They're using a tactic of deception in order to get into government to force their lifestyle on people
As a Christian as a man of God
I can't stand up and justify backing a behavior that destroys families
The ordinance was passed in December 98 when Dave County commission voted 7-6 to amend the county's anti-discrimination ordinance
To prohibit unequal treatment of gays and housing employment, credit and finance and public accommodation
The 98 ordinance is similar to the one that had been overturned
At the time there were two catalysts for the change here
One was the case of Matthew Shepherd, a gay callous student in Wyoming who died October 98 after it was kidnapped beaten and tied to a fence for 18 hours
The other factor was that Dave political and civil leaders rallied behind the measure arguing that intolerance was bad for an economy that depended on tourism and accounting with a sizable gay population
Today more than ever beaches, trendy South Beach section is heavily populated with gay residents that trash many gays tourist each year
Organizers of the repeal initiative and determined a challenge ordinance as it was passed
Take back Mommy Dave failed to obtain a signatures on a petition to get to each one about 1999
The group reorganized and gained the signatures needed some of them even for real to get the measure before the voters next Tuesday
About 230 municipalities in 11 other states and DC have anti-discrimination ordinances that extend protection to gay men and lesbians according to the national gay and lesbian task force
Officials in Ipsilanti, Michigan to call the Washington and Westbrook main said yesterday that challenges to similar ordinances in their cities also were pending
MyME, though seen as a key battleground on the issue because of the historical significance of local ordinance
We've decided to draw a line in the sand and we will stop them
Laurie Jean, executive director of the National Gay and lesbian task force set up the repeal organizers
People all over the country are watching this and we want to show the world that the people of Dave County aren't going to tolerate it
The strategizing over the ordinance issue here is a time to resemble the guerrilla warfare in one development, the legitimacy of the petition
Ravers called into question when two supporters of the repeal were arrested in August and charged with falsely claiming to witness petition signatures and to others charged with illegally notarizing their own signatures
That defendants have pleaded not guilty of the charges which their lawyer called politically motivated
In another controversy, the repeal organizers circulated a fire in August at black churches that included an image of the Dr. Reverend Martin Luther King and a picture of two men kissing
It said Martin Luther King did not march or die for this and urged worshippers to vote in favor of the repeal immediately after the fly began circulating
The King's Center in Atlanta issued a statement on behalf of Dr. King's widow, Corretta Scott King calling for equal treatment for gay men and lesbians
Take back MyME data is also claimed in broadcast and to its supporters that gaze are after our children an echo of Ms. Brian's grotesque ugly campaign which was called Save Our Children
Opponents of the group say take back MyME data is using sensational scared tactics to create support for an otherwise invincible issue
Anonacos, good old Anita Bryant and Alvin Dark and Bob Break and all those other person to go in
How's it needed to do in these days? Anybody seen it?
No, no, no, she can't get two oranges to rub together these days
1251 at 560 WQM if you're here, if you can't get two hairs to rub together because you've got that big grotesque bald spot
Well guys happens to the worst of us and the best of us happens to almost all guys because God works in mysterious ways
So if your hair is gone down the drain if it's just vanished if it's blown away
Here's the answer for you Charles off here is natural hairline system
There isn't any kind of system in the world any kind of piece that will be a more natural better looking system
In fact, it looks so great nobody will know what's not the real thing because unlike all those other mousey looking pieces
You know who wears a bad piece?
That guy on CNN at night what that embarrassing guy what's his name Aaron Brown?
Okay, you know what I'm talking about?
No.
He's got the nastiest red piece besides Bob Eisenberg that's ever been in take a look next time.
Okay.
Okay, come across next time you come across it for 10 seconds before you move next channel
Anyway, the near-wide you're special for the summertime still going on at Charles Alfieri
Just mention my name when you call to get 300 bucks off the right your price so for a pittance you can look better and younger than you have in years
With Charles Alfieri's natural hairline system
If you want a full ahead of hair if you want to get laid like once or twice a year
Here's the answer for you Charles Alfieri's natural hairline system pick up that phone and call right now 1-800-321-2413
And then I should bring you in and show you just how much better you can look 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website
They're on there too like everybody else Charles Alfieri dot com
We're supporting you 5-6-3-2-1
You am
Alonzo, you're so big
No, Americans are all unbarks
You should climb to your up next when I wake up in the morning my hair looks bad
I look into mirror and I look like my dad
I realize my mom I was the best I ever had word bitch
Randy
Oh, reading
Paula
You know I I feel like throughout this whole competition
I never really knew you knew who you were and now I do and
Great job
Great job
She clank where you were awful
Oh, no you did
You were absolutely terrible
I feel like I want to actually physically hurt you
I want to wrap my hands around your neck
And whatever it is done with your hair which is just terrible
I want to squeeze your head until it comes off and robes away like a bowling ball
That's what I feel like I want to do to you, you should crankle
Now the viewers may disagree but I doubt it that was an awful performance good game
Next
And an awful bit too you know
Yeah
How could I play that again?
I don't know
While I thought it was timely you know the thing was on last night in the broad one in the guy with the I will eat him here
He got the Alice here whatever was
He got set away with a big smile on his poise
I guess anybody who was on that show you know make out okay right?
I guess
First of all with their marginal talent I didn't see it so I shouldn't say their marginal talent
Maybe some of those people are tremendously talented I don't know
Americans haven't been routinely vaccinated for smallpox since 1972
But the federal government is debating whether a program should be restarted
Roll up your sleeve
The White House is reviewing my recommendations
Hopefully we'll have a decision in the near future said
H-H-A Secretary Tommy Cheesehead Thompson
The WHO declared smallpox eradicated worldwide in 1979 but experts said they're concerned the existing virus from labs could fall into the hands of terrorists
I would say that the risk of smallpox attack is very real
So US Senator Bill Frisk Republican Tennessee was also a physician
I would say the risk is increasing compared to five or ten years ago and I'd say as a nation
We do remain highly vulnerable if smallpox is ever used as an instrument of war
Most Americans under 30 have been vaccinated
It's quite a little how long the vaccine protects those who have been
I got my vaccine and my arm is still shows me to of course that was a hundred years ago
For example, one study found that 621 microbiologists in Maryland who received smallpox vaccinations between 1994 and 2001 as they precautionary measure
6% remained immune from their previous vaccinations
Huh? Only 6?
Well, they of course we know how old they are
But if they were microbiologists they could have been like in their 40s and 50s
6% that's not too good that's 1 out of 16
But who should be vaccinated with without a specific threat?
Those should be exposed first when infected patients such as emergency workers or should all Americans be allowed to decide if they want to be vaccinated
This story acts
Every American should have the opportunity to make an informed individual's choice to evaluate those risks
Plus those benefits to receive that smallpox vaccine for a set
But weighing the risk and benefits is complicated
A lot of people who should not be vaccinated with a smallpox vaccine to Dr. Robert Belchey
of the St. Louis University School of Medicine who's worked on several smallpox vaccine trials
The logistics of conducting a large scale vaccination program for talking out of the order of millions
would be enormously complex and difficult to conceive how we could successfully do it and
And the vaccine is riskier than most can cause serious side effects and even death in some people
The people like greatest risk are
What way to near this? People who have eczema
Okay
Now why would that be?
I thought eczema is like a skin thing
That's what I thought
Don't know
Huh?
People who use nogzema?
No people who have eczema
Nogzema
People who have immune deficiency disorders which of course is like me because I have diabetes
Most people don't realize that diabetes is an immune deficiency disorder
Do you know that?
I knew that and I bet you're glad knows that too
Yeah, glad knows that because he's got type 1
People are receiving cancer treatment, shouldn't be a take in it
People getting an organ transplant, people have severe complications from HIV, shouldn't be getting it
People also are risk getting smallpox from someone who's recently been vaccinated
Can you believe that?
People are also at risk getting smallpox from someone who's recently been vaccinated
Have you been vaccinated recently?
No recently
Well good because otherwise I'm not coming back
How about Uncle Remus?
How about that blue bird?
What do you think?
Or that target?
In fact, maybe that's why the blue bird is graphing so many deposits on Uncle Remus' shoulder
I don't know, maybe you don't like that bit as much as I do, it just it sends me an orbit
And of course if you're not an old fart like me if you don't know from like a song of the South
You don't even know what that's all about, although I do like the Mickey Mouse voice
Remus!
Anyway, the poll today, we almost got it out, we got time
Poll today on the, uh, uh, dyke, I mean on the, uh, beard
I'm all confused, dyke's beard, it's 340, 340 votes
Which of these women do you think most strongly is a beard for Gacea Liberty?
Let's take the 87, all of the above 69, oh oh, at least in Marie Presley 42, none of the above 26
Anna Cornelhoi in 19, Little Brittany 17, JLo 12, Janet Jackson 11, Brook Shields 11, Nicole Kidmin 10
Hey Mad Dog, get your Johnson straight by the way and speaking of, uh, Little Brittany
Central Rogers Show on 5-6, the Indian QAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale
