Oh, now the Neil Roger show on 560 WQAM.
Oh, you're back.
Yes!
Singer Dion Warwick was arrested at Miami International Airport after a routine baggage scan
discovered 11 marijuana cigarettes jammed in her lipstick case.
Dion, what did you plan to do when you got to the security checkpoint?
When you were stopped by officer Alfred McGillen, what did you say?
What's all about?
How many?
Andy on Warwick, who do you normally smoke pop with?
Anybody in the hall?
Some sources say you were carrying the pot for Whitney Houston. Is that true?
That's what brings a lot.
Wendy usually get high.
So would you say you've been smoking pot for a long time?
Miss Warwick signed papers guaranteeing she would return for her day in court.
Mrs. Promise is some other with promise is promise.
Don't you love the way that ends?
All of a sudden?
Yeah, just like, oh, unless you ran out of gas, maybe out of steam.
It's 901 at 560. Happy Tuesday to you.
Here we are again, starting all over again.
Boy, just like, I don't know.
It just keeps going on and on and on forever.
You know, like the days of our lives.
Son of a shine and it's beautiful, baby.
Gonna be 72 here today in Toronto.
Did you tell me it was raining again down there?
Off and on, right.
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that.
It was beautiful in Amsterdam.
I'll tell you that right now.
I had one crappy day last Wednesday.
It was one of those, the faucet in the sky days that Amsterdam is famous for.
We're like drips intermittently.
Like somebody is peeing up there in the sky and like, you know,
drips a little bit and then a little harder and a little softer and all day long.
Kind of a wash out.
But other than that, it was pretty damn nice.
65 to 70 a year every day.
A good time was had by all including me.
Place was packed.
They were packed in it in Amsterdam.
It was so wonderful.
And one of the great things about having this vacation come to an end is that
first of all, yesterday being a holiday, which I didn't realize you were going to be working yesterday, but nevertheless.
And secondly, coming back to Toronto instead of getting off a plane and being in Miami.
So it kind of like eases the pain.
If you follow what I'm saying, yeah.
What a pleasant surprise.
By the way, I have a little bit of culinary advice for the audience.
First, how about an update?
The beast is sick.
Yes.
The beast ate in the Chinese restaurant and got some bad grits or something like that.
It was in the hospital overnight for one night.
I guess now he's okay.
He's okay, but not back at work yet apparently.
And you do understand what that's all about, don't you?
And that is the God.
God works in mysterious ways.
He's punishing a baby.
He's punishing the beast.
He was doing so great.
He lost about 30 pounds.
And I'm sure he still kept most of that off.
But always with these excuses, man.
No more goddamn excuses.
Goes into some chinks restaurant and eats a big meal and got sick.
Who knows what he got?
Anyway, my culinary and also Boog Shambi.
We should mention the Booster.
We lost a lot of weight and kept it off.
But unfortunately, has this problem where he keeps falling down lately and passing out.
Yeah, like that.
And we don't know what that's all about.
Does anybody have any more information about that?
Is he okay?
Is he with the team?
Is he, uh, we don't know.
We don't know.
So we hope that Boog is okay because we like Boog a lot on this show.
And we like the beast a lot.
But these are people who have been a variety of fat, you know, during the course of their lives.
Although Boog's kept that weight off for a long time.
Yes, he has.
He's working out a lot too, by the way.
I see.
Maybe working out a little bit too much or maybe working with that what's his name that does the games with the bad hair piece?
What's his name with Dave and boring?
Maybe that's what's doing it to him.
Maybe I would put me into a coma.
Up, up and away.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
Where do we find some of those people?
Anyway, spicy Thai foods and irritable bowel do not go hand in gland.
I'm going to tell you that right now.
I've been talking to a lot about eating great Thai food here and it delicious.
But when you have an irritable bowel to begin with, when you got a bad sensitive stomach.
And then you start eating really spicy food.
It tastes great and you don't realize it.
But over a very short period of time, it's just tearing your guts out.
But baby, it's tearing your insides out.
When a doubt tear it out.
And then your stomach, now you probably didn't even know this, but your stomach is connected to your ass.
Were you worthy?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, we don't think of it.
I'm not talking about your ass.
I'm talking about like your lower back, your sacroiliac.
Oh, it's one of my favorite words.
We never used that word, but what a great term, huh?
Watch out for your sac, roliac.
And of course, when you start having bad stomach problems, also it affects your lower back.
And you go to get up and all of a sudden you have these bad cramps and you feel like you're going to die any second.
That's the one with you unlucky.
Exactly.
And so I clean up my act with the food and I stop eating the spicy stuff.
A lot of us in Amsterdam, food anyway.
And I'm feeling great.
Report there, a little bit of advice if you don't eat entire restaurants.
I love Thai food.
I'm sure you probably do too.
But boy, some of that stuff is really hot.
Too much peanut butter.
I could pass on Thai.
I don't like peanut butter.
I could live with her without her.
In fact, the only way I would ever eat peanut butter and I have it in years would be like right out of the jar like a slob with a spoon, you know.
Like ice cream, you were talking before the show about eating a bowl of ice cream.
Well, I don't eat a bowl of ice cream if I'm going to eat ice cream, I eat right out of the container.
Why waste the time transferring it into a bowl?
What's the point?
Unless you're like a mixed company or something like that.
Well, you could buy the big fat of ice cream.
You're not going to microwave the whole thing.
How about a half gallon?
No, see you don't know how to work it, man.
You don't know how to work it right.
No, I'm a pipe right now.
You get yourself a half gallon of some really nifty flavor that's got all the little chunks of whatever it is, you know.
And then you put that in the microwave for about 88 seconds.
Maybe maybe a little longer than that.
Now, I don't know what you're laughing about and what you do is you work around the edges toward the middle.
And then when you realize that you've eaten about half of it, which is a quart at that point, then you just,
you take it right to the sink and you pour hot water over to destroy it and then you throw it out.
Well, you have to do that because otherwise you're going to finish the whole thing.
I don't know what you're laughing about.
I'm just being honest with you.
Okay, I'm a big fat slob, all right?
That's the way you do it.
If you're going to go out and buy, but now I ordinarily, you know, buy pints myself like when I was on a Ben and Jerry's cake with a fish food.
It's only at least at that point was available in pints.
I found it in quart.
But nevertheless, I never bought a quart of Ben and Jerry's ice cream in my life.
That's the truth.
Never, but I have seen it in quarts.
The personal pint is very handy and you can make a wave that.
And of course, here, like when I found that Nestle's turtle, which I'm not eating anymore ice cream here, boys and girls,
that was between that and the Thai food just about killed me.
I got to Amsterdam and I'm telling you, I thought I was done.
I thought this was finito, the last trip.
And I stopped eating the crap and all of a sudden lo and behold, I lost a couple of pounds and I was able to get up without my back killing me and my stomach got all cleared out.
I was starting to have some lovely bowel movements.
By the way, I know this sounds gross, but the most astonishing thing, even at this late date to show you,
when is there a spot coming up?
I guess it's next hour or later on.
Balance for life?
Yeah.
To show you what a miracle that weight-loss thing is, I don't want to call it a diet, but it's a whole program where they provide you the food.
Even at this point, with all the crap that I've talked about eating in the inter-room and I have, all that Thai food, all of that vats and vats of Nestle's turtle ice cream, and other crap,
I still, when I, in other words, if I can go a deer to without doing like that, all of a sudden I'm back to those beautiful, wonderful specimens that even mother nature would be proud of.
You know what I'm talking about?
I do know what you're talking about.
They come out like, medicinally in one long, smooth piece and then like, like, and that's it.
Yeah.
Drop right off. You almost, like a dog, you almost don't even have to wipe.
All those.
Wow, that's formality.
If anybody out there has never had a bowel movement like that, you don't have no idea what you're missing.
I'm just telling you that right now.
I realize that comes in here preaching to the choir.
That's right.
By the way, the trend comes out speaking of bowel movement as we always tie things together on this program.
Oh, the trend comes out, which is it's only a monthly trend.
Okay, tomorrow at 2.30, which will be after we're off the year already.
So Thursday, we can, we can play taps for four hours because I guarantee and I've been wrong the last couple times in a row.
I've been dead wrong because we went through all of that business, the upheaval with a morning show and the first team and then Moe came in and all the other changes on the station.
But we've been hanging on thanks to that January.
We had that very distorted what they called in the trade a wired book kind of like thing where everybody who listened to the station got a diary at least one and maybe two or three.
So we had an enormous January.
So we've been able to keep propping ourselves up based on it.
Look at the gigantic bonus that some of us already got based on that phone each.
I mean, that great January.
But that's going to be dropping off because for those of you who are not rating rating students, the ratings are like three months at a time.
January, February and March, then January drops off.
They do February, March and April, etc. and so on.
You're following me so far.
Oh, I'll write it down.
So this will be February, March and April.
The numbers that come out tomorrow afternoon, which will report you on Thursday as bad as they're going to be.
And we're going to be dropping off that humongous, that huge January, which we've been holding to like a lifeline for months now.
And that's going to be banishing.
So the numbers that come out tomorrow afternoon, I think will bring us back to some level of humility and make us realize we have to work a little bit harder if you know what I'm saying.
A lot harder.
I mean, it's going to be, I don't want to use it, but the term death now does come to mind.
I just mentioned that in passing just to kind of cover our ass at this point because it's going to be bad.
And it isn't necessarily going to mean all of that much because then that nasty February is going to drop off.
Does anybody care about any of that?
No.
But we do in the industry.
Everybody in the business cares about this.
And of course, the people down the hallway at Power 96, they better be praying that the bleeding stops when the trend comes out tomorrow afternoon.
In fact, we better pray that the bleeding stops because PYM just might beat us out in men.
Do you know that?
Yeah.
How close was it in the book?
Do you remember?
No, I don't.
Oh, I guess it was around here somewhere.
But I mean, they were a pretty respectable second.
And of course, the question is, is PYM still gaining momentum?
That's party radio with the, the Euro, the dance music, the dance and the trance in your pants and all the stuff that Kittory won't play that we've been given them for two years.
By the way, some great music out over there when I was in Amsterdam.
Great music on the 85 different music channels that I get.
Oh, speaking of moving channels, which Alma said, somebody's got to let us know the name of the, which Robert might even answer the phone for a second.
And that, Robert, where are you going?
No, no, I'm just saying for one second, we're not taking any calls today.
No.
Just relax.
And I heard, by the way, spy report that you and Joe did screenless one day.
Why did you do that?
What do you mean?
I don't really care what you do.
It's your deal when you're there.
But why did you do that?
Are you massacists?
What do you mean screenless?
It's always screenless.
It is the whole week.
Oh, I mean, as screenless as normal, he's just putting people on hold.
He's not actually talking to anybody.
Oh, I see.
But not the usual sense of screenless of just punching one.
Oh, no, I see.
So you're full of crap, Rimmer.
I don't say who was that was giving me spy reports who never listens, by the way, when you're doing a show, but this is not religiously.
In fact, this is a band recording.
Listen to most of the shows on our station, and yet.
Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa.
He was giving me a report on everybody's show.
Get a life, Rimmer.
I know your hockey season is over.
Speaking of that, by the way, I can't believe it.
I go away, I come back.
And the Leafs are still hanging on the walk and wounded.
Even our big fat cigar chopping coach is like mistool games, because his heart is like fluttering in the end, whatever it is.
And we got another big game at the ACC tonight.
It's just, it's a season that just will never end.
I was hoping after it got down to three games to one for Carolina.
Okay, we gave it a good shot.
We had all our players injured.
It's the walk and wounded.
It was a really vanguard effort.
Get it over with.
No, you can't do it.
Well, nothing we got games six at the ACC tonight.
And if by some miracle, the Leafs win tonight.
By the way, game seven in that series is not for tomorrow, like the Sun Centrel has been telling it.
It's for Thursday.
It's going to be played in Carolina Thursday.
Not tomorrow.
It's the Sun Centrel.
Once again, gets it wrong.
But at least they're consistent.
Oh, I got a lot of stuff to talk about.
Mike Piazza insists he's not gay.
We got the, they found Shandra.
And we got the FBI gate and Cheney gate.
And you better be a red alert, purple alert.
Now we got scuba divers are going to be attacking.
You notice as soon as that FBI thing really came out big, I don't want Robert to get to upset about this, but it happens to be true.
Right away, Cheney comes out.
It's not a question of if it's a question of when.
It's 100% guaranteed.
Everybody climb out of the bed.
The sky is falling.
Don't, you know, don't criticize us.
A summertime might as well be here already.
It's the end of May.
It's almost June.
You need all the energy you can to feel good in that heat and stay healthy.
The heat and humidity just about knock your ass out.
Olio met is one product that will make you feel your best all the time and keep you in good health even in Salterie, South Florida.
Olio met is a soft gel capsule that contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and rubles while promoting health for your prostate.
For your heart, there's a product for your blood pressure and cholesterol.
Probably could help Pat Quinn as a matter of fact.
Olio met also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system.
Your digestive and endocrine system, your skin and bones, even your mind.
I never did mention that movie I wanted to find the name of.
No.
I will.
I'll be using the benefits.
How can I find the name of it if I can?
I'll be using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil and Olio met has got products for men and also for your ladies out there in Radio Land as well.
Olio met is available right now at Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Neverelle Pharmacy in Sedanos.
It's a stupendous product and it's helping thousands of people stay healthy all over South Florida and all over the USA.
So if you don't see it on the shelf, ask the strong manager about Olio met knock them on a shoulder and say where to hide your hiding it.
Or call toll free to get more information about their products, how they work and what they do for you.
Call 1-866-Oliomid.
That's 1-866-Oliomid or order their products right on their website if you like.
At Olio met America, duck.
Educational Options.
No portion of this program may be reproduced without the expense but in permission of WQAM, BZ broadcast group incorporated.
What's up Mr. Foster?
Well, Steven, I go in for a lap dance and all I get offered is a lap top.
It makes your head spin.
Your sexual conjury is easily solved by the folks in hell.
Just give him a call and I'll hook you up with the right woman for you at the right price for you.
Hey, Steven, isn't this your dad's car?
Um, no.
You're gonna say it, aren't you?
Yeah, I guess.
But I think he knows.
Dude, you're going to hell.
Have you got to be there with him, Steven?
Boy, does that kid get on my nerves or what?
Pramp out of me.
917-560-WQM Happy Tuesday to you.
George took a poll yesterday and I'm in shock that he worked on Memorial Day.
Why did you do that?
I thought we were supposed to.
We're not running tapes anymore, are we?
Did Joe work with you on the show yesterday also?
Yes, he did.
Oh, I didn't know that.
So the two of you were there on a holiday.
I don't understand.
What I'm going to say is that nobody knows that is because our program director is on long
busman's holiday.
He's on a long vacation.
And I should say this, by the way, thanks to our crack engineer, Julio, who is absolutely
the best.
We had a little technical difficulty when I got back to my apartment here in Toronto.
The line was a little bit screwed up.
We had some problems.
And Julio and I finally got in touch on the phone yesterday and I sat around here, crawled
around on the floor for about a half an hour.
And with his direction and with his direction, got everything working.
Can I go in there, Julio?
Oh!
To the best, baby.
His aka clearance doing a spectacular job as interim program director.
Kinda reminds me of that walley pit blue-garrick thing, you know, loamy or glove.
But nevertheless, I don't want you to get nervous, Muff.
So George took a poll yesterday, which cell out in the movie I'm trying to think of before
we get to the pool.
Came across it in just after the beginning, so I didn't see the name of the movie.
By the way, something.
You're still dropping out like you just did a couple of times in a row there.
You might just want to mention that so that people don't start faxing.
Hey, you're cutting in and out.
It's cutting in.
And Julio's here and he's running around and he thinks it's weather related.
What do you mean weather related?
Oh, you mean on your end or something?
How come it's always on your end?
Because the weather here is beautiful, man.
It's sunny.
It's like going to be 72 and right now it's like, what is it?
18 at 64.
It's a beautiful day here.
Not a cloud in the sky practically.
So it's always on your end.
See, I rest my case, folks.
Sorry, so the first part of what you were saying got missed about the movie.
Well, how long am I cutting out for half a second?
I see.
I never got to say it anyway.
So I came in midstream of this movie and it was with Warren Beatty who
wrote in early.
I never liked Warren Beatty until Bugsy because he was not a stupid
movie like shampoo and heaven can wait and a lot of crap.
And I always thought, uh, Warren Beatty is a waste of everybody's time.
He blows even if he does have a gigantic penis.
And to make a long story short, I saw Bugsy and I thought about two or three times
and it was great in that movie.
And then I see this movie over the last week in Amsterdam on my satellite dish,
which I now get 18 and red channels.
And it was great.
It was funny as hell where he played this wacky senator who became kind of like a
hip-hopping senator and kind of like a Howard Beale of the US Senate.
And of course, in the end, I got a squirt in for you.
Halley Berry was in it and Jack Warden, which we were just talking about him from
and justice for all.
But I don't know the name of the movie.
I think I'm not sure it's called the candidate or something like that.
No.
Candidate was with Robert Redford.
Oh, sorry.
So the answer is, no.
But you saw this movie.
You said it was okay.
It was okay.
What are these numbers?
Oh, you were talking about the numbers and how close they are to us party.
Oh, so I just refaxed that.
I see.
Well, what the hell is this?
Uh, oh, they weren't even in second place.
No.
I see.
Well, but that big thing is all Howard's 9 to 10 hour.
But anyway, we had a 10-3 and the big had a 6-3 and PYM at a 6 point.
Oh, I guess they weren't that close after all.
So I have no fear.
But we're going to be losing that gigantic January.
I'm just telling you right now to brace yourself.
Just, uh, strap yourself in.
Okay, here's George's pool.
God, I got so damn much stuff to get to today and I'm ever going to get to it.
I feel like Rick Riley almost, all the way, I actually have a stack of stuff instead of just making one up pretending I have one.
Which celebrity would you like to mostly in a reality show like the Osborne's George acts yesterday?
Now, whose idea for the pool was that yours or a Joe's?
But, oh, I was going to blame Joe for it.
No, sorry.
Me.
Oh, that's right.
You do bad pool.
Anyway, Mike Tyson 88.
Now, why would we want to see Mike Tyson in a reality show?
I mean, he might hit somebody and people like that.
That's the same.
I see.
Um, in fact, well, maybe he can have a show on MTV.
Just called asshole.
You know, if MTV wants to be cutting edge, why do they have to have a show called jackass?
Why not have a show called asshole?
Don't you think that would be like a little bit more cutting ass?
I would host it.
I think that would be sensational.
You and Greg could host it.
Mike Tyson 88, Dylan Clinton and Brittany are tied 45.
I see it's got nothing to do with reality.
Oh, I got a bad Brittany story.
You're going to be very upset.
Oh, are you going to be pissed off?
All right.
You're going to be, but I'll save it.
Bill Clinton and Brittany 45, Barbara and Jenna Bush 44.
I'm Daryl Strawberry 33, Michael Jackson and Jack Nicholson 22, Angelina Jolie 17, Charlie Sheen 15,
Robert Downey Jr. 13, Charles Barkley 11, Ted Kennedy 10, MNM 8.
Well, he makes my skin crawl.
You know, I just, I just don't like him.
In fact, I'm not sure who I like less.
Him or Steve from those damn, um, Del commercials.
Harrison Nikki Hilton 7, Mr. T and Tara Reed 6, Jerry Seinfeld and Marlon Brando 5,
Mickey Rork and Tom Welling.
Each with a pair and Gary Coleman with one.
What?
Why did Gary Coleman come for?
That's somebody wanted to see Gary Coleman in a reality show.
Well, they can watch passions and see little Timmy on there.
And normal, by the way, is out crazy.
Normal who's not a K a whatever name is in a restaurant, but it's normal with a hatchet.
That shows too much.
It's a trip.
In fact, I saw the character that plays the actor to play or actress whatever that thing is.
We don't even know what it is that plays normal on passions in a movie when I was also an Amsterdam.
So I have the same act that I saw whatever that movie with Warren Bady.
Anybody called yet about that?
I see the lines are ringing off the hook, but Robert probably don't want to talk to them.
Just talk to them long enough to get the name of that movie, please.
Well, he's on the phone talking to somebody else.
Can't be bothered right now.
I see.
I'm sure it has to do with our technical issue.
Well, I did just find out what the movie was called.
Oh, if you want to know.
Yes, but worth.
That's it.
That was his name, Senator Bullworth.
Very good.
See, you're picking on Robert and he was just on there getting the name of the movie.
I'm not.
You're not Robert.
I think Greg is right about you.
You know, I think Mo may have a point too.
He's on there getting the information from one of our final listeners out there.
It's called Bullworth or Bolshemit or something like that.
It's a damn good movie.
Do you see it, Robert?
Yeah, it was pretty good.
I love the wrapping though.
Yeah.
See, George didn't like that.
He thought that he was.
I thought it was this.
Poor Paul.
I thought it was a panic.
I thought it was one of the funniest guys.
And in fact, I put him up there almost with Afro man, not quite, but almost.
That's how good he was.
Although Afro man's got better Schmidt, but anyway.
So there's George's pull from yesterday, which went over like a pregnant pole
of all the right of hot day in the South Florida.
It's could be any day.
And you notice now, now since we had FBI gate, which we talked about months ago on this show,
and then before we left, we talked about the Phoenix memo and all this other stuff.
I mean, this is nothing brand new.
We know that the government blew it.
Let's, you know, let's cut right to the chase.
This stuff came out and they got egg on their post.
Now the vice president gets a wielded out there and we got scuba divers going to attack.
The Statue of Liberty is going to get blown up.
The Brooklyn Bridge golf courses, Marjong tournaments,
shuffleboard courts, any place else where you can find gatherings of people, especially old.
They're going to be attacking any minute now.
God.
And I must admit, I'll even do it on the air because I told you off the air that it is an acquired taste.
And this will shock some of the people out there in radio land.
But, but a network that I started watching a lot this past week and a half an hour to them was
and only because CNN International is so dry and so terminal and so boring.
Oh, even regular CNN's enough to make you go into a coma.
Maybe that's what's happening to boob.
Maybe out there in the road, he accidentally got CNN on a hotel and when it started going into a coma and falling down,
Fox news.
Now, as long as you watch Fox news, first of all, it's not as right wing as it used to be.
I guess even Rupert Murdoch could and keep that scam going.
But setting aside any philosophy and George put it very well.
It's infotainment.
There's some information on there, but it's strictly showbiz and it's and if you look upon everybody on there,
including Bill O'Reilly and a ridiculous reader, Cosby.
Have you ever seen that, bro?
No.
She's the silliest looking human being I've ever seen in my life.
If you look upon each and every one of those people as a cartoon character.
Who's that old bird out news guy that they got on there?
John Gibson.
No, not that even older and more burned out.
No, Brit Hume.
Oh, remember Brit Hume.
It was on the BBC about 100 years ago who looks like his true.
He looks like what's his name?
Ron Diaz, like a cigar store Indian on a bad day.
So as long as you watch Fox news, keeping in mind that everything is like everybody's a cartoon character.
And it's all showbiz and don't take it even seriously.
It's actually fairly entertaining.
And then Bill O'Reilly, of course, was having a field day with that story about the kids at the prom and the dirty dancing.
Did you talk about that?
No.
You didn't talk about that.
I did.
No wonder.
Oh my God.
No wonder I've had all the complaints about that show you've been doing.
I didn't really have anybody.
I just thought I'd say that.
Just stir the pot a little bit.
Okay.
When you're in Amsterdam for a few days, you want to stir the pot a little bit.
Did you?
No.
I know.
I don't smoke.
I know.
I'm just busting your chop.
Everybody else was, though.
And everybody was having a great time.
And I still am amazed by seeing all those groups of little kids.
I'm talking like 8, 9, 10 year old kids.
They take them in groups and they're walking through the streets and they're looking at the sex shops and the gigantic.
The swinging dill those that are going up and down in the air and the windows and they're looking at it.
And they may get a little bit here and on.
But it's not a big deal.
They're walking past where the hookers are in the windows and it's not a big deal anymore.
And what are we worried about in America at a time when device presence telling us we're under major red alert.
And we're going to have like a shuffleboard.
The courts are going to be invaded by crazy suicide bombers.
We're worried about dirty dancing in high school prams.
My favorite line during all of that business, if you didn't see the story, didn't you?
No, not even.
You didn't even see the story.
You didn't know.
I heard about the thong checking a per a per like you.
Nah, forget about that.
There were several of these high schools.
And I sure like to know what kind of schools they were.
But at any rate, where the kids were like, first of all, the proms generally addressed up formal.
Right.
They were dressed like a bunch of slabs with t-shirts and jeans and like, you know,
and the girls would barely anything on it all.
So like I said, you'd like to a lot.
And the line they kept using was if they didn't have clothes on, you'd think that they'd be having sex.
And of course, the real line is if they didn't have clothes on, they would be having sex.
Yeah.
Because the girls are like down on their knees and the guys are like, huh, assimilating,
humping them in and say, simulating.
I mean, not really simulating.
They're simulating and stimulating.
They're doing it.
And that's what we're worried about is dirty dancing and bill or rallies on their pontificating about this and about lack of morality and what the hell's that, you know.
And I'm thinking to myself, yeah, here's Elvis going to swing his hips again.
If we could just just get him back to life or one minute and put him on it, Solomon again.
Elvis could swing his hips one time.
We just won't see it on TV.
Just film him from the way stuff.
Okay.
This is the kind of crap America's obsessed with.
Very sad.
928-560 WQM if you're obsessed with getting yourself a good night's sleep,
if you don't have a good mattress, it's not going to happen.
I'll tell you that right now.
Somebody who just recently went through some real back crap.
Thank the Lord.
Thank you.
God for most of the time, at least when I'm home having a great mattress from Vyla mattress.
And you can do the same thing.
Just call them at 1-800-MACRIS for the top name brands in the universe.
They got them all.
They got Surtos, Ceeley, Simmons and King Coil.
No store in the universe betting where department or any other kind of store can match their selection or they're exceptionally low everyday prices.
And they're not going to stick you with some mattress that you don't really want because they don't have the one you want in stock.
They've got the deepest selection of brand name mattresses so they'll let you bait and switch you in another mattress.
The one you really want is in stock and available for just about immediate delivery as soon as a couple hours after you call
or in any two-hour window that's convenient for you any day, seven days a week.
Unlike the competitors, they allow you to choose the two-hour delivery like I said.
And they give you a 30-day home comfort trial to to test it out the real way by sleeping on it and doing your thing on it.
So if you want to get a good night's sleep every night for years to come do what I always do call the betting experts at Dilemma.
For this one 800 mattress, they'll be there in no time at all.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or check them out in that wicked worldwide web if-
Today, Ed Kavelin's Game Night, weeknight to 10 on Sports Radio 560.
Q-A-M.
Oh my god, your breasts are beautiful.
Howie, let's talk about your childhood.
Do you remember when you first bought?
Yeah, I think probably when I was in the third grade and it was with another kid at school.
Sex, yeah, when you were a little girl.
I know, it was just my way.
I have to discuss a very sad period in your life.
Girl, don't do it.
February of 2000, you were involved and what became a very famous automobile accident.
A woman was hurt.
You said you have no recollection of what happened.
I did.
I should point out that you were thinking it.
What do you mean you can't remember?
Is that true?
Why?
I'm a woman who really doesn't care.
I'm a terrible person, yes.
I'm 31 at 560 W.
So if Pat Boyz factors me this thing, 18 to 44 men about how a party radio actually beat us,
they had a, what do they have?
I think it's a tie.
Well, it's a tie A2 but they had like a hundred more average persons per quarter hours
so they beat us by a fraction of it.
And that's 18 to 44.
Do we care about 18 to 44?
No.
So they're going to beat us hands down.
Now that we're in Los Angeles, I'm telling you, just be prepared for it.
Party radio, they're doing it.
This is the same music that I brought in two years ago.
And Kid Curry gave us a look and said, ah, you know, how would that?
You know, thanks but no thanks.
Nobody wants to hear that crap.
And now they're kicking his old smelly ass and ripping him in ass on the year all the time.
About what kind of a guy who's 70 years old calls himself Kid.
Anyway, what does he know about the music that young people want here today?
And you know something I think they got a point.
He knows Anna Squeaks got a big ass but other than that, what does he know about music?
Anything?
No.
Nothing.
And how's that group that they put together by the way of Power 96?
Are they still around?
Oh.
You know that group a little ugly punks?
Yeah.
Well, that's right.
I forget George can't comment on some of this material because George is the perpetual
professional scapegoat.
I understand by the way that you talked about that the first day that you did the show.
Talked about what?
That whole story.
About how you nearly got your ass canned and about how Greg Goat was anxious to get you out of there
and about the whole deal with Moe, and this thing I touched on it very briefly
during the first segment.
It's not what I heard.
Okay.
Was that more misinformation from Rumor?
I didn't talk about it past 910.
The very first day.
Bap bap bap bap, bap bap bap bap.
Listen.
Very sad Get a life rumors, okay go on and play some golf in a rain do something useful.
Turn off that radio please.
Did I mention this on the year about Natalie Portman or not?
No.
Oh.
Well, I was wrong and you were right. See when I'm wrong, I'm wrong. It was a but how am I supposed to know?
I didn't see the movie. I saw one picture there in a paper and she looked pretty
Pasty pretty in a crappy picture. I saw it. I saw the some clips from the movie while I was over there
I'm stood on which that movie did open while I was there didn't go see it and
She's very cute not as cute as he is but she's cute. They're both cute
They're a fine young couple that you like to see doing it naked and dirty dancing at least
I can't believe you didn't see that story about the dirty dancing of the high school problems
Jesus Christ what kind of a that's right you're in Florida right I guess I got to watch Fox News now
The righty did a whole thing about that but wasn't only just on Fox News
It was on CNN. You know if you'd stop by watching that screen TV all day. I wish yeah, you only wish you had that
Boy, that's a great channel. It's up here on our digital cable in Canada
Don't have it down there. Oh and before I go into the pool for today, which I'm sure Eric is all whipped up to a frenzy about that
God we got the shondra body we got the Mike Piazza says I'm not gay
Holds a press conference on a front page of the guy named New York Post
There were our writer gets a can because they wouldn't read a pretty as column
Which I have is calling by the way, which I'm gonna read on the ear the one that the New York Post refused to print
Your gay yeah Mike people that hold a press conference do not say they're not gay whether it's Michael Jackson whether it's
Tom Sullick whether it's Bert Reynolds
Your gay that's my that's my opinion not that I really care although you notice those catchers always says spend a lot of time squatting a lot of time on their knees too
Hey Mike your gay nobody really cares
What was I just gonna do before the pool? I was so glad they'm important. I don't know I thought you were gonna do the poll no
I was not I
Had something much more important than that and all of a sudden I got myself sidetracked
This is what happens when you go on vacation
All it was about you want to show that you didn't about the first few minutes yeah
And I thought we were done with that
I'm just starting for time. I forgot whatever was it was something mine your medal
It was something of incredible tremendous magnitude and importance and it just
The dirty dancing at the prom well what else is there to say I'm sure that everybody in our audience saw stories on the news about the
Big controversy I looked on the internet I couldn't find anything on it because it's old news now
But it was like just after I left and
Every newscast that I saw there was stories they showed the course of video over and over again
Which would be very pleased to know that if you want to go out and get this week's national inquire
Which you're all again behind the times the Columbine killers there they are on the front page and if you go to the inside
They're the death pictures the real legitimate ones for those of you who like blood and guts and gore and
Who do they have to legitimize the fact that they decided to print this and I do like the inquire ordinarily
But this is an extraordinarily bad taste. It's nothing more than guts and gore and they happen to get the pictures that they put them in there
What's P. Sheldon
Chairman and the founder of the traditional values coalition one of the ultimate right-wing
Elunitics of our time Reverend Louis Sheldon he says oh, it's a good idea because it's a deterrent to further school shootings putting these pictures in the inquire
They are grotesque and disgusting and they're so grotesque they don't even look real it looks like something out of a Hollywood movie
Like one of those movies you see on scared TV if you could get it
But there it is Columbine killers never before seen crime scene photos
I'll get to that later
But the dirty dancing thing was all over the place like I said and the fact that you people haven't seen it indicates that Florida's way
way behind in the times I mean the prom don't you usually when you think of a prom you think of kids getting dressed up
And the girls in real nice formal outfits and the guys in tuxedos. I'm not saying that that's necessary
It's the old fashioned way that they did it. No, that's typical
But they still do it that way, you know, and the guy gives the girl a corsage or an ex-case gave his boyfriend a corsage
It the one over here in the by Toronto that we talked about yeah, that's sweet. Where was sweet? Okay, it was nothing wrong with it
Although the church didn't like it too much because they they want to keep all those altar boys for themselves
But at any rate, you know these kids are all dressed up like slabs and
The music that they were playing not now. Let me ask you this what kind of music do you think that they're playing at most high school proms now?
They're not playing waltzes. They're not playing like a soft. I mean that's not a good place
Some dance stuff like like party radio. I would imagine like party radio. See there we go again that goddamn Mike Disney's got a hit at
Son of a bitch that crazy-esque
Mustache-Od Disney is got a freaking hit over there with that party crap which believe me he didn't invent it
He couldn't invent anything if his life depended on it
But here's a guy they took the formula once again, and we'll see how long that lasts
You know how long to begin back because it's gonna be just like radio smegma
You'll see it's gonna be very big for a few months and it's gonna be the end in the new and hot thing
Which I'm not saying a lot of that music isn't good
But the fact is that they're still way behind the times way behind the times
I've got hours of tapes that I could loan you but I'm not gonna do it Disney. I could give it to kid Curry
I could have brought all that music back from Europe
Could have goose those numbers up by about 50% but I'm not gonna do it because see when you turn when you turn somebody down
What was that line in the godfather
Tom Hagen says you know well when
If my client is refused the first time he doesn't ask a say that's how to
With Jack Walts and he says my client never asked a second favor when he's been
Requested for a second favor once he's refused the first understood
Now where are you finding man? That's that fact memorable quotes from the godfather. I say yeah, very good. He did again. Yeah
Anyway, here's our poll question for today. Well, I'm sure wound up with stuff to bed isn't gonna last too many days like this
How's my good friend Tom jikaduin too bad time doesn't write stories about trends
He's probably salivating waiting to write a story about oh, I told you I'm near Roger sitting there reading that stuff on the radio
And he's not carving about the soft for the scene. Let me just tell you this little Tommy
Including George and everybody else I've talked to down here and I talked to plenty of people some of whom even
What they're talking about unlike my mother there isn't a goddamn thing going on down there
Oh, yeah, they had the big schwarzer fest on the beach over the weekend and they only rested
I got that story here somewhere. We'll get to it maybe
But they only had one stabbing and considering there was that many schwarzers in one place at the same time
They consider it to be a success. It was a hit a
Big fat-titted hit like Tom Hagen said
Only wasn't Tom Hagen in that movie. He was no Frank Hackett
Here's our poll for today. Are you keeping up with all this? I am because I'm really going a mile a minute
I know that probably too fast for after a holiday there in South Florida. It's a good thing. We're not taking any phone calls
Going way too fast for that crowd
Which of these phrases or expressions is the most redundant you following this not Eric get with it put down that guy then breakfast burrito both of them
That sounds good though. You know breakfast burrito. What's in the egg?
Faken an egg wrap up, but you could probably get it without the egg though. I would hope so yeah
In fact, just a burrito a burrito supreme from Taco Bell sounds pretty good burrito supreme with no beans and
Extra sour cream sounds really good stop with the food crap again. You're gonna kill yourself
You maniac you lunatic next thing you know you'd be rushing out after the show to buy Nestle's turtle again
I will say this I didn't see any Nestle's turtle in Amsterdam
No turtles. I saw a few headstick out
Which of these phrases? I guess I better do the break first then we'll get to the poll at Eric have some time to get his pen and pencil going
I've got a few of them there
phrases or expressions are the most redundant you follow what I'm talking. I'll give you one like one silly Brit the RIT
Follow what these are gonna be yes, okay
Hey, speaking of silly people I get this from my good close friend by Eisenberg
Just facts me this copy just in time to tell you that Tom Laman is at it again
It's how it's off the wall invoice sale stopped by Hallett Pontiac GMC at
13401 South Dixie highway that's on US one across from the falls
Where the lower sale prices marked right there on the invoice on all two thousand two cars and trucks in stock
Choose 1.9% financing or up to a $3,500 rebate whichever you prefer
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy voted by motor trend as the SUV of the year plus
You all new vibe SUV that's got the power of a sports car at just a fraction of the price
How let's also got an unbeatable selection of pre-owned cars, trucks and sports utility vehicles that you can depend on not a single fruit
At least not a lemon on the lot if you got credit problems if somebody else has turned you down for credit
Try to buy a car have no fear because how it is here. They'll get you deal worked out
It's off the wall invoice sale and it's going on right now at Hallett Pontiac GMC and you'll find them in the same great location
They've been doing people right for over 35 years at 13401 South Dixie highway that's on US one across from the falls open every day
Seven days a week and by the way Tom Laman told me
Just before I left on vacation he said if you think Eisenberg looks silly with a wig on y'all are seeing with a wig off
Hallett Pontiac GMC
I
Wouldn't believe a word Neil said if his tongue was notarized
We now take you live to Mike Tyson's training camp where he prepares for his battle against Lennox Lewis at the pyramid arena
Met this Tennessee julie
Next
I'm ready for you Mike are you ready to spawn my yeah ready?
I'm ready to be my flower partner. Yeah, I'm ready. I love we're just having a little problem
Yeah, I'm like I can take care of you. Yeah, yeah, I love you. You see slucky. Yeah, I love all your energy
Yeah, yeah, I got to stay away from them. I just jab from far away
Hey, getting close against me slacky. I don't want to get in fight. I'm a fight. I can take him
I'm a free. Yeah, he's
He's an eating all his foreign partners. He's oh shucky
I'm ready for the next one. Oh, that's a good box. Hey Jack Ramish, Fisher. You're next
944 560 WQA. I'm dead. I mentioned that I'm out of the market
I should probably mention that I told George that before the show out of the market. Let's hear it all right
I just I've lost enough, you know, you just have to somebody told me that last year
Remember I got very pissed on the caller and I got all been out of shape
He said just you're not gonna make the money back just get out now while it's good take a heart
I really didn't lose any more than that, but I've lost enough to make you cry and
Based on the first of all the fraud with a mirror Lynch
Which is just a tip of the iceberg based on the fact that everybody's crap it in their pants waiting for the next
The terrorists attack if there is one or for like maybe nuclear war between Indian Pakistan or whatever else is going on
It's all too fragile man. It's all built on a decade cards
It's all being manipulated by a bunch of greedy insiders and the average Joe out there unlike what it used to be years ago
You haven't got a trinum in chance unless it's just blind luck
I was thinking before the show today speaking of that the Stephen Schmuck with the Dell spots
Remember all those spots we had there when the big
Internet bubble was building we had we had all those spots for a merit trade and all the other dot
Yeah, air at douchebag dot com and horse crap dot com and phony baloney dot com and every other time you turn around
Here was another 80 million of those spots and Clinton was doing a thing with that guy from my hey
You're riding away the future all that other crap well, you don't see any of that anymore probably because most of the day traders are committed suicide by now
Pretty hard to find those gay traders out to do that so I'm out of the market
Oh, something if it goes through the roof you can thank me because that's that's the story of my life, but I don't really care
Just like the guy said in kukus nest I
Want my cigarettes I want my money if I get 1% if I get a half a 1% if I get nothing if it's just there
What I need it someday like soon that that's all I care about it. Just don't want to give a fritter anymore of it away
I'll say it again the stock market is Las Vegas without the good time. That's all the days. It's for suckers
It's for fools. It's a shell game. It's a con game. It's a scam
And like I said if you thought that the the thing with the mirror Lynch was a big deal you ain't seeing nothing yet
That was just the tip of the iceberg
speaking of tips
This is why I keep interrupting because I wanted to be sure and tell the story and I am luckily I wrote notes French toilets
Okay, now you're not gonna you know what I'm gonna talk about no
My landlord told me this and his live-in lady his why I keep calling her his wife. She's not his wife
But anyway, she's a very nice person. They told me this story about French toilets
And I didn't want to believe them, but they were so emphatic and so
Detailed in their description and that is that many including even in some of the cheaper French hotels a
French toilet is in a public place and including some of the cheaper restaurants
I guess to like a square
Ceramic thing with a hole in the floor around hole
Okay, you following this now. No, you've heard that expression squatters rights. All right
Well, that's what you have to do you have to squat over the hole
hoping that you don't slip and fall of course
In other words, then of course even the paper goes right in the hole and then when you're done
There's like in many of these establishments. There's a big bucket of water
Are you I don't know whose job it is to keep the buckets filled but anyway you take the bucket of water and you
You splush it down to the hole and you splush it all away and that's a French toilet
your
Kidding me I'm not talking about talking about like in a French home
I'm not saying that they don't have like your regular European toilets with the chain or whatever you use, you know
But in many establishments including even some like cheaper French hotels
You'll find if you're looking for the porcelain bus forget about it
You'll find the old hole in the ground you've heard of the hole in the wall
So it's the old hole in the floor with a splash guard right?
The old glory hole in the floor
Unbelievable, okay, here's our poll question for today
Which of these phrases or expressions is the most redundant?
Schwarzer crack addict might gonna have to spell Schwarzer. Yeah, he'll he'll know he won't shva
R zER I want to spell the way although it probably there should be a T in there too shouldn't it isn't it as CH
No, there's no C in Schwarzer would you get with it?
There isn't Schwarz
Where does the where does the C come from in Schwarz? I don't know
SHV RT listen, we spell the words the way I make a bump on this show, okay?
SHV are
ZER there probably should be a T but just I don't like that Schwarzer crack addict silly Brit BRIT
dumb redneck
Jew-hating Arab
hysterical old Julio
religious fanatic
pedophile priest
Cheap French Canadian
Roode Dutchman, oh I'm poor they are rude man. They are just but you know something. I'm I'm getting him with their own game now
I'll get off the tram
I just elbowed them out of the way part on excuse me and just you just that's just the way survived as a rude baby and
Here's a good one a boring baseball game
He left your own group out now. What is that cheap Jew?
I mean there we go again
Don't we have cheap somebody else on here cheap French Canadians French
I got the Jews being okay, and I plus I'm not a cheap Jew. I know you're not
Well, so that's that's my point look we already got you want to pick on a Jews here
That's because I don't think I'm the use you got everybody else on there you could have Arab hating Jew
Jew-hating Arab Arab now and I Arab-hating Jew is no fun
That was that was going along on such a rule here in thalveston you wanted to get your anti-Semitism involved in this book got your
Antony, and they're out robber
Error it was a robber hit him with a couple of still matemalls baby professional Jew freaking a spick
Which of these phrases are expressions is the most redundant Schwarzer crack addict. I'm doing my list
Okay, I saw what you do for polls on that thing yesterday. Okay with Gary Coleman
That was enough for me with your idea of pool. They wanted it believe me. I do good pull trust me
That's what everybody told me an Amsterdam. I'm coming back for more
You worry about smoking your pot. I worry about my pull
Which of these phrases are expressions the most redundant Schwarzer crack addict now is that a racist thing?
Am I gonna be accused of racism by putting that on a big it? Good. We all know it. Okay
silly Brit
dumb redneck
Jew-hating Arab
hysterical old Julio
Well, see I'd like to put one for like the old Jews, but cheap isn't the word is we want cheap old Jews?
Shirt
Okay, I mean in South Florida that certainly goes with the territory cheap old Jews
Religious fanatic pedophile priest cheap French Canadian rude Dutchman which won't get too many because we don't have too many people
Understand from like what that's all about or a boring baseball game, which I think probably deserves a few votes
Because that seems to me to be redundant. I think I'm gonna vote for that
Don't forget you got the South Florida baseball team against the Reds baby coming up tonight
In fact now that I mention it what's that schedule? I'm glad you asked we got the mad dog at one
We got hanky three everybody's back in order there
I noticed that Mo gave us a nice little partner this morning everything is fine now with Mo
Everything did you straighten it all out while I was gone?
Strict what out the problem that you created there with me my good friend Mo good Jewish boy from New York. I don't know what you're talking about
Well, I think you just said something about cheap Jew
Mad dog at one hanky three we got the a pregame show at 630 or South Florida baseball team against the Reds the baseball team
It was like was it five and nine under 14 game road trip? Is that correct Robert?
Yeah
Now what are you laughing at the look on his face? Why you're forcing him to care and remember and whatever else
He's a sports he he still works that morning show until when you leave in Robert
August oh not your longest on plenty of time to get your life screwed up
Robert's bailing out let's hear it for Robert. Oh he's bailing out of that toilet
Anybody who leaves that place we we said them our best wishes and congratulations
Any K after the baseball game and then Jo and Mark overnight thanks again to Joe Castella for a fillin in there with George
Well, I was gone. I'm sure he really improved the quality of that show tremendously or not as a case
Maybe I don't know how did it go just fine wonder bar. Yeah
Well, let's have that I mean let's hear from the audience. What do you say folks how to go five six seven?
I'm not gonna do that. I'm not gonna do that. Do you think I'm out of my mind? I got I have
It's almost the end of the first hour. I haven't even got to one of my stories here yet
Unless you count the dirty dancing thing is one of the stories
I can't find a story about that because it's too dated now at several days old dammit
I wish I wish you the good and believe me you'd wish you to see those two because there was some really
Heavy-duty stuff going on in there heavy heavy duty call it pillow rally. These are good pal
To be who hate pillow rally like I used to and then the reason that he won't do a damn thing with this radio show
He's doing against rush the reason he won't do it is because he's not a real believer he's strictly showbiz
Mm-hmm and all of this stuff that he says you know, he doesn't really believe it
He just says it to be outrageous and he acts indignant and how can you really be saying he doesn't believe it? It's all strictly showbiz
Whereas with rush he's an idealog man
He believes it released the his ditto heads the people who listen to rush they believe that he believes they believe that he and I'm sure he does
He believes his own bull crap just like the stories about Hillary kill this one and Bubba kill them all of the bubble mice
He said it was passing longer for a couple years till he couldn't hear it anymore
But the ditto heads see they figure they got a real believer as with orally
It's just that it's showbiz it's stick. He's gonna be like a flash in a pan you'll see
He's not a true believer like a pap you can and for example
There's a real Nazi for you G Gordon Litty my close personal friend. There's a real fascist
Well, I'm not eating rat eating fascist with a mustache to prove it
Exactly couldn't set a better myself
Now how come how come it is that we got back and forth now?
I
Mean like I can hear everything that you're saying unlike problems we had in previous weeks and like you just dropped that
Drum roll in there everything sounds like we're in the same room together and you're telling me we're having technical dropouts and stuff
You're dropping out, but you know what I'm not sensing any kind of a delay today between us
Right which is unusual I have the little dropout as long as you tell me there's an amount to too much
I'd rather have it like on a simultaneous like this and you're right. We don't have the delay
So if that's the tradeoff that we have to decide went and of course I can't tell the dropout because I'm not hearing it
I'm only based on we all are yeah
And and you will miss a word or a syllable here and there
Well like how often
Every three to five minutes. Oh, I thought you were gonna say every three to five words
Hey listen, they should kiss the ground in fact the very grounded
I was sitting on a floor here while poor Julio was sweating over a guy named hot cell phone yesterday
And he I'm I'm telling you I don't want I'm not looking for sympathy
But believe me if you could have seen the gyra the whatever I went gyrations on the floor
Spinning around like a dreidel in front of this damn thing and what the hell do I know about this?
It's a good thing. I have a little bit of technical
Something or other you know
Because I had to go through a big song dance and recalibrating this and recalibrating that and punching this button and punching that one and back and forth and up the
The whole deal and here we are
And based on what I'm hearing it sounds sensational
Sounds fun. Yeah, this is the way it should sound
I don't care about the dropout if they can correct that that would be a nice bonus
In other words if it sounds perfect, but this sure as hell beats that delay problem we had before oh that was driving me crazy
See I think now that we like recalibrated both on both of our ends whatever the frequency is that we're
And I know nothing about this stuff about on the phone line. I think now that we did that we're like on the same wavelength
I love it
Well, I don't want to be on the same wavelength with you, but nevertheless
I'll try to go out and find some Jews during lunch hour
950 so I'll go out to the pickle barrel with the deli and see if I can show some steel matsu balls it to help cross most of them are from
India anyway
But I'm sure a lot of people from India here. You know that
So you've told us don't tell the pack ease that
957 at 560 WQM when you shop for quality footwear selection professional service are always important consideration
But the most important thing the bottom line to most shoppers out there is price
Which is why you ought to be hitting immediately if not soon at a brandy shoes at brand ease
We'll find the biggest selection of men's who women choose the best service in town and the best prices under the sun period
And we're talking about not some the second kind of
Names, but we're talking about the top quality names in a business like rock port
SAS spares timberland naturalizer and lots more and with a huge selection at Brandy's chances are you're never gonna hear any of the sales holes say
Sorry, we don't have that style in your size in fact Brandy's is so popular
Their customers keep coming back again and again and keep buying several pair in each visits
Brandy's is open daily nine to nine Sundays 10 till five and you'll find Brandy's at 1290 north federal highway and pompano beach
Be sure and tell met Neil sent you buy and don't forget this week
SAS shoes are on sale at Brandy's say 15 to 35 dollars and take another five dollars off on the second pair only this
Well purchased necessary void we're prohibiting C-store display for official rules and interfort
They don't come any better than Neil Roger
We put a retarded girl in our old him. It should be she to show you. I will drive
Yeah
Our agency thought this would move some product out of the showroom
Look at her gal
This is funnier than watching retards at the park
If someone had some yearly retarded enough that much fun and it's
It's a 10 o'clock at 560 WDQM. I just was just about to reach back here on his fax machine
And and see what this is is this important. No welcome back
You should have stayed out another week the newspapers wrong the covering up a lot of what happened
I worked that festival there were two stabbings a slug fest between six black females against one and only two got arrested
There were over a hundred arrests and near ride if it worked for the show force by the Miami Beach stormtroopers
There would have been a ride not to mention all the businesses that lost two months of money by shoplifters and looters
Although it was better than last year, but not by much. Thanks Rick. Sorry Rick. Sorry. I had to put up with that crap. Okay
See, I don't I don't want to start in with this racial thing
But why is it that when if there were like a whole bunch of white people got together there
Nobody would have said oh gee when lop it in the last year
It's kind like an expectation that we set up. It's part of what racist America's all about
You set up the expectation that if you have a whole bunch of black folks in a very small area in a restricted area in a short period of time
That they're gonna be x number of people gets that maybe a couple good shot and a couple hundred get arrested
In fact, where the hell is my story on it? I might as well get it out of the way if I can find it
Oh Rosie looks at Lisa and dim light. Liza. Did you see that? No
Well, you know something that's the best way to look at liza mle and very dim light. I thought she was a professional faghyl liza
Well, they have a little problem a little
Maybe we'll get to that you know something maybe we'll get all these stories tomorrow the way this show is going
Because I got so damn much stuff. I got a piece of bad news by the way. Okay
I guess somebody faxed this to you this thing about Barry O'Watson
I guess I don't remember from seventh heaven. Oh, yes. Yes
Barry Watson, former star of Warner Brothers Hitch O 7th heaven has been diagnosed with Hodgkin's disease the 20-year-old anchor
Played the eldest son Matt Kimpton on the series
He begins treatment this week and both he and his doctors are extremely optimistic about a full recovery
Watson's publicist Robin Balm said in the statement on Wednesday of last week
No other details were released about his condition or where he'd received treatment for cancer of the lymph system
The season finale Watson's last appearance is a regular on 7th heaven aired on Monday
The episode centered on his character mirroring his sweetheart Sarah played by Sarah Danielle Madison
An official with spelling television which produces the show said the decision is to whether Watson
We return for guest appearances next season's not been made Watson's been a regular on the show since it began in 1996
He also appeared in a handful of films most recently sorority boys
Little piece of bad news all over you know, I guess said and that the same that Mario had Hodgkin's disease Robert
He's thinking
Yes, it is and he's fine
And by the way the reason that Mario quit the game is exactly the same reason that the game sucks right now Gary
Batman you stupid little Jew you pathetic little thing
Nice going there Ron McLean ripping Gary beven a nice a couple weeks ago on one of the games on hockey night and can nice
Go on, errone
with that little idiot an ass
All the clutching and the grabbing and the holding and I mean what the hell's the point even playing the game when
95% of the game is played against the boards and there's no action going on there
And I just mentioned this in passing if Peter Ford's bird wouldn't have come back after missing the whole season injured
You think Connor Reynolds still be going no much less have a three to two lead net the series
Unbelievable on the virgin not gonna off the red wings at any rate hip hop event ends in harmony
Now it's interesting because the article that I looked up yesterday in a herald
Had a totally different tone to it
Emphasizing more than number of arrests
But the article in the Sun sent all this morning since we want to be more timely
Says hip hop event ends in harmony everybody be loving each other baby. We be loving it
It says what a difference having a plan makes a year ago
Miami Beach officials were so unprepared for the quarter million hip hop fans who poured into south
Beach over the Memorial Day weekend that the police were overwhelmed and the city was forced to rewrite its book on handling big events
Now that the holiday weekend is coming gone on south beach city officials and civic leaders say the second hip hop invasion was an unqualified success
All right, let's do it again. All right, all right
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right
The large crowds were back but in contrast to last year the three-day party was an enjoyable and relaxed affair
There's no comparison said Bobby Hernandez booked them from i.e. Beach police
It was an absolute great experience to be able to go out there this weekend and talk to people and see what a great time
They were having as opposed to last year when it was about crowd control
The proof is in the numbers. It says who wrote this crap David Coserace
I never saw that in my life. It's C-A-Z-A-R-E-S and the the ascento is over the first a
You said it right
Coserace well, I know that's why I said it that way because it's got the ascento. What kind of a strange name is that?
I don't know never said that before like maybe Peruvian or something like that could be
I think it's a Peruvian is what it seems like to me and what do we know about those Peruvians not too much
Except they like their Lima beans and they have hairy toes. Yeah
Bad like that kid that worked at whammy and we better remember whammy. Oh good. We're more ecstatic
I shouldn't probably be talking about it out loud
According to Hernandez, Miami Beach Police made 94 rest from Thursday through Monday afternoon down from
149 during the same period last year. Let's hear it only 94
Although the total number of arrests won't be available until sometime later today
Chances are good. The file telly will be fewer than the 190 nine arrests police made last year in total
In most cases the arrest us here be far less serious offenses last year when there were tense confrontations between revelers and police Hernandez said
Last year since we were so short staff we couldn't enforce the minor offenses like loud music
He said if you've got 40 guys fighting in the middle washed an avenue
You're not going to arrest somebody for smoking marijuana. You had to look the other way
But this year we had enough officers to address those issues. Oh, and by the way did not have it on the error
Did I read it on the plane about the fact that the US is cracking down their threatening Canada with sanctions if they decriminalize pot?
You were talking about it on the air right before you left yet. How do you like that for a son of a bitch?
This country not only continues with their repressive our archaic idiotic draconian laws their drug laws
But they're also trying to put the muscle and while I was in Amsterdam
You'll be pleased to know that the big big articles and all the allundin papers
All the British papers about the fact that they're like they're just looking the other way
They're not even wasting their time writing the tickets out anymore. They're just ignoring it
You can't put everybody in jail. Okay, Uncle Sam?
Right here on the heels of Memorial Day when we're supposed to be so patriotic and waving a flag
About freedoms and all the people who died to keep our freedoms. What freaking freedoms? That's what we're asking. Okay, exactly kill that breath
What freedoms freedom to go to jail is what they're talking about for smoking little goddamn wacky weed
Maybe because the city implemented a major events plan that put 400 police. You know something. I'm in a mood for turtleneck screaming
stop
I did just it just hit me right in the middle talking about that
We see you don't have to smoke it to get the munchies from it. Just thinking about it. It's bad stuff kids
Just talking about that wicky weed will make you get the munchies and you'll go run into the convenience store by all kinds of crap
You buy bunch of bunches of Ben and Jerry's fish food and you'll be putting in the microwave for like 34 seconds and getting it
Tempered to just the right consistency and suck it it down and your blood sugar will go skyrocketing and then someday you're gonna die
In fact, I want to go on a year right here today first day after vacation after the holiday
I want to be on a year the first one to tell you beyond a shadow of it out
It's guaranteed I conducted my own personal scientific study and if you eat Ben and Jerry's ice cream you will die someday
Guaranteed guaranteed
Depend on it like Mike Disney used to say depend on boy my pissed off about that party radio thing boy. They're gonna kick our asthma, you know
And you know something we deserve it. We deserve a Greg Reed deserves to get his ass kicked with all the screwing around
It's gone on since way back in October when he started with that first-team crap
You know when you drop a guy them egg from an idiot's straight building how about that those people had dropped that dog
Did you see that story? Yeah, I got that straight. I hope I don't have time to get to it
people like that need to be
Shot no questions asked just blow them away dig a hole in the ground or not as the case may be
We can largely went smoothly because the city implemented a major events plan that put 400 police officers from my
Me Beach and date County on the streets goodwill ambassadors made up about 200 the date
County and city my meach employees patrol the beach to give directions help the intoxicated and two people out of the street
The city also made sure code enforcement parking and sanitation personnel were out in force to make sure the city
Didn't look like a mess by weekends and as it did last year when the city was completely trashed
And they said those efforts won high marks from business officials and residents and George says thank God
There was no weekends there. Yeah, there were over there sure. That's why I said that
Now what is it about Puerto Ricans in blacks? There seems to be this like especially in New York for example in the Bronx
I guess because they live like in close proximity
Yeah, I was happy because they won't look to a Puerto Ricans in the Harlem or what is what's the question
It was very subdued and well handled by the city said David Kelsey president of the South Beach
So I can't believe how good this sounds today
That we're like actually doing a show in real fun March April and most of May we've gone through three months of mine
And able to be in here in New York and saying what what is it?
And today it's like just like I'm sitting right there like it's a post to be god damn it
No talking all over each other
Thank God for a whole year man. Thank God for fat bullioeing this all right now yesterday
Yeah, Kui comes right into the door look at that like you summoned him up
Because my psychic powers just like I mentioned about the normal being on and then yesterday I turned on
Passions and here's normal back again after a long hiatus in the nut house in Bellevue and Norma crack uh
broke out
In fact if you look at that complexion you'll see she broke out real bad anyway
That's a story on the South Beach they had a whole bunch of sparks is there they didn't kill anybody
And we're only a couple of stabbings maybe one whatever you want to believe and it wasn't all that bad and Rick on the beach is pissed off
I know when they have that the awful festival here in Toronto where I think it's coming up in June
Oh, I hope not I hope not I hope it's July
Anybody any my Canadian listeners who know when at the Ross the festival what do they call it thing the caribana
Anybody knows the date for that please factor to me immediately if not sooner so I can make plans not to be here that weekend
Oh, I think it's in June
rhymes with
tune
What a mess that is what ain't and it's the same thing they compare how many people got shot from last years
How many people got shot this year? It's unacceptable and the behavior that goes on oh my god
I just I'm not buying it see I just don't accept that the idea that because you're a different skin color or different
Nothing background that that entitles you to behave in some kind of a an aberrant grotesque way. I'm just not buying it. It's unacceptable
Is that a debatable point? I don't think so no thank you for agreeing with me
Let's get back to the thing about french toilets
I can't get over that medical examiner may rule today in the levy case here
It is it's already we're coming up on the first break in our second hour. We haven't even talked about chanry yet
And to prove to you
Let's see. I wonder what the name of that thing is just a minute. Oh here it is just to prove to you that not everything is as bad as it seems
And now an update on the chanry levy story
See now you probably think that that bit is obsolete of course not
But if you stop it there you say they found a body, but what do they what do they know about it
Nothing
Absolutely nothing see more of this later
I spawn here near lecture and he hasn't lost the touch the old man. How do you like that as long as he's got that goddamn pause button
Don't let me forget about the chanry levy thing. It's a brief story
Okay, and then we'll get to the bad story
Oh, and then the one about the the bush mustard robber will have to hide under the board when I get to that one
I sniff some politics with that crazed look on his face
Hey, I hate to break the news to you robbered, but there's one word for our president. You know what that word is?
I think you've got it in there somewhere George
Yeah begins with an s
Shit no
No, that's terrible
That's so wrong stupid is what I was thinking of oh
Now see you didn't say that was wrong that is what wrong are you gonna start arguing politics now
You're still got to be there till August robber stupid
You know something I kind of like that moe, you know, I think the moe I hear him
I think absinthe makes the heart grow fonder he'll be all right
It took him a while to get used to delay the land he it seemed to me. I could be wrong
But it seems that he's like warming up a little bit again
Maybe it's because you were in there working, you know, maybe he was listening to your show
But I doubt it I doubt it
Well, look at this the congressman's notice operandi for the past year is to not talk to the press to avoid cameras and issue
Statements asserting sympathy through his spokesman and attorneys. It's what he did last week
Oh, and look at the market just took a big dump
It was up by the the futures were way up there. What did I tell you
Nasdaq's already down 15 the s and p underlined the poor part is down a few points. It's not good, baby
It's not good put it under your mattress
Do anything with it stick it under a rock
Whatever one of your guys protect yourself don't get sucked into this guy damn con game
Don't let that marita bar uh
Butter Romo get you sucked into buying a bunch of crap because that's what they're crap peddlers each and every one of those people
1013 already at 560 WQ I'm thinking of painting your home or business
Don't paint protect your investment with liquid ceramic
liquid ceramic the technology born in nasa space program is available right now in south Florida
Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available
You two can have the same high tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle protect your home or building
And you'll never ever have to paint again you heard right liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building
So forget about repainting every few years liquid ceramic won't fade. It won't peel. It's guaranteed the state of the art coating yields an art
Insulation equivalency helping you bring down as electric bills as well liquid ceramics available in over
1800 different colors so check out liquid ceramic two day by calling 305
347
51 22 liquid ceramics been manufactured and sold for over 40 years and available right here in south Florida
Call 305 347
51 22 that's 305 3475 122 or visit them on the net at liquid ceramic dot tv and be sure and tell them that Uncle Neil told you to call or
The show and mark show overnight time sports radio 560 Q a Q a M blanket baby
From an early age John Edward displayed remarkable psychic abilities
He can read you write people in the physical world with those who have crossed over
Hi, welcome to crossing over. I'm John Edward
John Edward connects with a woman who really speaks her mind. I'm raised again. Is there Stacy or Stevie?
What is this now? There's a bill connection also to the family no or Billy or those like a being named like Bill
Okay, and Paulie or Paula or Pilar. There's like a PL sound
No, um, is there like a J.O. connection or like a like a name that would be like jony or jane or
Nope, that means it's a B.R. connection your family also. What's your first name? Mary say again my name Mary
Do you have a different name? You're full of crap is your mom not your mom no idea what you're talking about
You understand this I'm John Edward. Thanks for watching. Let's see next time
10 18 and 5 60 over to Q. I'm happy Tuesday to you man
It's beautiful here god looking out this window. It's like just waiting to go to heaven. What about those leaves? You think they're gonna win tonight? No
What is Robert thing?
No
How come I already knew that well how do you know that based on what?
Uh go Archie and Weaksy based on the fact that they've scored five goals and five games in a series
But the fact that a matter is in spite of that they're still in there that's the amazing part
We got the big cigar chop and fat coach back in there tonight, which probably is not that good
Get the lineup right Pat. Get the lineup right. That'd be a good start
I love Pat Quinn, but he's a little bit you know when he got that high blood sugar
That's up to brown seven 800 all the time
By the way, we are willing to take some spy reports about the last seven or eight now how many's it been seven shows seven that Joe and George did
And of course we're not gonna take them on the phone because that would require taking calls which would be cruel and unusual punishment
And even a bush liquor like a robber doesn't deserve that
So if you want to fax this and believe me see a lot of people probably are holding back whatever they want to say because they figure
That George will intercept their fax and he won't send it to me George will send any and all faxes about the uh
The show to last week to right here or else and Robert's why we didn't equal I one I always do know you don't I always send the faxes that rip me I do all the time oh
Well, how do I know that it's a stack
So if you want to send us a fax about how the show was see the only problem being like look at the pool
See I can always tell because it takes about a week to get the audience back. I shouldn't probably say that but it's true
Which of these phrases or expressions is the most redundant cheap old you I told you that had to be on air is leading with nine
But of course the reason that's because George was just doing the show to last week
See what I'm saying Robert uh-huh
All the anti-semites are listening if for example Jew hating Arab there's only one
Well, what do you expect when you got nothing but Palestinians left listening now?
What do you expect on air out of 43 votes cheap old you nine pedophile priest eight religious fanatics seven dumb redneck that was my vote six
boring baseball game five cheap french Canadians for a hysterical old Julio three
Jew hating Arab one and none yet for silly Brit schwarz or crack addict or a rude Dutchman
Now schwarz or crack addict I'm shocked you say and it doesn't look right. I think it needs a T in air Eric
I don't want to like you know
You may have to push that over a little bit too far
But it needs a T in there between the R and the Z it's just doesn't look right to me
Huh even mr. T wouldn't look right without the T so sent all those faxes 305 650
0198 let's get to spy reports if we got anybody listening
See after yesterday. I mean labor day ever. What was it memorial day? Whatever the whole day it was brutal
There was nobody listening yesterday. Nope. We weren't even supposed to be having a show yesterday
If it was like and and then we had uh, who was it mark mark and a crew doing six to nine yesterday morning
Well by crew if you include board out that makes two of them
Well, oh brother
I mean, I like Mark Eisenberg like our cities in ice sky, but is he belong on you?
Anyway, here's the fact that says hey Neil
I was one of those evil doing hip hoppers who attended South Beach this weekend
I'm in a local rat group ground hogs that's with two Gs in a Z ground hogs and we were promoting our music on a sidewalks
We have T shirts with the same logo for our group and we pass out CDs
To make a long story short
Miami's gang unit task force approached us with no questions through us to the floor and searched our pockets
They said we were a gang and took two of the members to jail for half a joint which they found in their pockets
See, and this goes back into that store where they said oh this year that goodness they had time to search for the wicked weed
Because they have enough manpower. Congratulations. So we're gonna beat you assholes
It says with total disregard to correct procedures and arresting someone the mommy beach police
Just got too hard criminals off the street. You know weed smoking terrorist supporting rappers
F the police sign something I can't read the facts crap down here in the bay
Which is probably just as well. I can't read his name
But his messages F the police to which we say oh right on sweet art
Shaken people down for a little goddamn pin joint. What the hell is wrong with you assholes? You got nothing better to do over there. You jerks
You silly people
I
Don't see any faxes pouring in a butcher performances past with me. They do I
Not a one there is a one person out there in this audience who's got any commentary on the show with George and Joe maybe
05 010198 maybe nobody was less than that could be it
Or maybe they all liked it so well see the problem is I don't want to go into it
See the problem is in the first few days. It's always the people who call and say oh George is such a wonderful job
Which I'm sure he they did no can't sure that's fine. Maybe or not. I don't know
But then as the rest of the audience starts coming back the people who hate you like poison then it changes
I probably shouldn't be asking those questions till like about a week later follow what I'm saying like maybe next Monday
I'll take that pool okay and see how did it go did you listen did you hate it
Antisemitic tirades etc and so on
Medical examiner may rule today in leavey case speaking of Jews leavey case. Yeah, I underline the leavey part
Up into an anti-Semitic frenzy
Oh
Here's another one
Says imagine this the police chief of my knees bookshelf
What is that?
The police chief of my knees bookshelf I
I can't what does this say could you read this writing looks like bookshelf to me
I can't read the name he says how to handle large groups of white people and other says oh I see I see one manual
Can't read your writing sucks by the way sir the point is excellent, but you're writing blows one manual says how to handle large groups of white people
The other says how to handle large groups of black people why is there always problems in the black form into large groups
Tribe mentality maybe they shouldn't do any more events
This is another black eye and the hardworking and honest people of the black community no more black events
It says that's right. That's a good idea. Why do we have to have just black events?
Why can't we oh I guess because it's a hip hop thing? How come they're not a whole bunch of white punks? They're when it's a hip hop thing
They don't want to get killed I saw some when they had the pictures in the picture
Were they doing dirty dancing? Oh, they were on the beach. I can't believe we haven't had a bunch of facts about the dirty dancing story
You know you people in South Florida maybe they blocked that out maybe governor jester blocked it out and
Sensitive from being on the news because you didn't want to offend your sensibilities
Because that would be aiding and abetting terrorism by watching a bunch of kids doing dirty dancing almost simulating sex events
And if they had their clothes off it would be touching and probably making babies and things like that
Medical examiner may rule in levy case today
Washington DC medical examiner Jonathan Arden is expected issues sometime today has ruling on how Sean really be died
Won't you shock when they found that body by the way she died
Arden is told the Washington Post that his ruling will not necessarily be based on lab test
Although they could be performed at a later date
Today's also the day that levy's family will hold a memorial service in their hometown, Modesto, California
Levy families spokesman Judy Smith says that while the families been in seclusion since levy's remains were found last Wednesday
Give a grieving in private the death is a tragedy. Felt throughout Modesto
The entire community has been involved in this grieving with the levy said Modesto
That sounds like and that sounds like an imprage show
That sounds like a name for a TV show. I don't want to sound insensitive
But they've been on so god damn much not last year grieving with the levy's at least in many series right after side belt
Says Modesto Mayor Carmen Sebatino a great many people in this community will be attending the memorial. He says
CBS news correspondent Melissa McDermott reports authorities expect about 1500 people at the service tonight
I think people need closure says one Modesto resident Jerry Martin people need to come together and just support one another because it could happen
Anybody anywhere in Washington police say they recovered about 96% of levy's remains
Doug dr. Douglass ubalacher a former anthropologist at the Smithsonian Institution tell CBS news that even bones can provide potentially valuable clues
The skeletons got a lot of stories to tell if you have the science to unlock the language and allow it to speak properly says ubalaker
Washington police chief Charles Ramsey says he believes the search for evidence in Rock Creek Park
The place where levy's remains were found is just about over
But police are making a final sweep of the area just to be sure they sure did a good job the first time didn't they
Or do you think that possibly the body was moved there huh? It's entirely possible. Yeah
Especially after the in that one grad that they found had
tried to rape those two women in the same park right the serial killer
Maybe throw them off the path a little bit
However, did you hear what shonders friends had to say about her running in the park?
No that she would never ever do that that they tried repeatedly to get her to go jogging with them right hated running hated jogging
And how come she was looking up the the klingel mansion thing on that website that morning and then just happened to be going over the unless
Unless perhaps somebody invited her to be there, huh?
there
And querying minds want to know because then we're just now getting this shondering thing all stoked up again
And you know it's that all the familiar faces including what's the name of that lawyer mark something rather with a mustache the one for
Kindred his lawyer I don't know you know the one I'm talking about I know you're talking about oh my god
He just he makes me ill I just see him and I get physically ill what a glib smooth talking of not just son of a bitch
He is whatever his name is another media horror
But at least we can have some fun with us now 1027 at 560 WQM if you want to have a great meal and have some fun at the same time
Armadillo Cafe is that place and has been for a coons age now for a long time
Armadillo Cafe is an institution in South Florida and now they're in a great new location in the pizza lot plaza
No less 3400 South University dry right beyond Perwin in Portes just the south of 595 in Davie between 595 in Griffin Road
The food at the Armadillo Cafe is unbelievable if you haven't eaten there
What are you waiting for they were there on Davie Road extension for a long time and now they're in an even better new location
Start out with an appetizer like the tequila grilled shrimp with corn cakes or the tempura island princess
Conk then order one of their terrific spinach salads with glazed pecans and a pistachio crested
Much a rull salad with lemon basal dressing
The enthrays are prepared with the best and freshest ingredients that money can buy
Try the pan-seared yellow snapper the yellow tailed snapper with roasted peppers or the sea bass with sweet corn and veal glaze
Choose from dozens of other mouthwatering enthrays on a big menu and for dessert
It will knock your eyes and your socks out sample the Armadillo Creme brulee or the warm chocolate fritters covered in hot pudge
I can't do that. I can't talk about warm chocolate fritters covered in hot pudge without starting to get a little bit of a a
Jonesing and a need you know what I mean a need
Call Armadillo Cafe for reservations at 9.5.4.4.4.2.3.99.59.54
That's 9.5.4.4.4.2.3.99.59.54.
Voted one of the best restaurants in Broward for the past
14 years in a row and you know why they get voted at because they are
Armadillo Cafe a smoke free plenty of free parking as well as complimenting your ballet parking too
Check them out on the web if you like an Armadillo Cafe.com and be sure and tell them that old meals sent you by
They'll take extra good care of you. We'll eat in real style at one of the true gourmet restaurants of South
I just want to contract them
interest of the game
Neon
I do not support the public education system. I think it's a terrible thing for several reasons. First of all
I go into these schools and I meet teachers that are a joke the kids don't have any of the kind of you know
Drugs, they need to you know get ready for the exams. So there's a big debate
Do we try to put in more public resources to fix our schools? No or do we take public dollars away from the public school system and give them to
You know the school of the church of the white supremacist well sure
1031 thanks, Willary
1031 at 560 W and by the way, Willary you're gay while I had that cute up somebody's well played anyway for the next facts
It says so as my piazza gay. I'd like to know and it's signed. Thank you Brady Anderson
In that cute
It says George was great like always in needs a raise and I don't as George faxed us to me twice
Oh that it didn't go through the first time
That was not by intention. It was just an accident that it says George was great like always in needs a raise and George
I just got it and have it a faxed us to me twice and by the way
Okay, here's that story that I've been holding off as long as I could because I want to start when they depressing stuff in the beginning after a holiday
This is from the inquirer so you know it must be the amus baby
And I still can't those pictures. Oh
These pictures will make you sicker though. They're more grotesque than even those death pictures of Harrison Cleibull
Brittany and Justin are back in stink
If you can see the picture of her here you leave the room you just go route
It running in the breeze with your something hanging between your knees you lose your mind
This picture of her could be the best picture that in fact you know what you ought to do is sooner the show is over
Although you what you because that would require spending money. Yeah, you caught a call up captain singer
What's the other guy that brings us all the magazines? Oh bill from Anderson news bill from Anderson news that I was flower
Huh I miss him dearly well, whatever happened in my sense. I left town. He can't be bothered but you're small
Since I'm doing a show out of town
But anyway, this is the June or something rather. I wish they put the damn dates on on the pages would be a nice idea
It's the current issue of the national inquirer which they don't put the dates on the goddamn pages. I'll go buy it
It's the one that's got the Columbine killers the exclusive on the front page with the gray bloody pictures
With them with their heads lying in a pool of blood and shotguns and all the kinds of weapons laying all around it because that's the mercaneff in way
It's for a bunch of gun nuts. Oh sorry Robert
Look at a surgical technique straightens curve penis. Well, that's nice. We'll save that for a little bit later on
Now one facts about well, yeah, we had that one that one that looked you asked
About George and Joe to win a show that's because after yesterday they assume I'm on vacation again all this week
I'm sure the station been running the usual tremendous promotional thing saying hey kneels back from vacation. We've been telling everybody
Well, no, but
On a daily basis, but what could is that do? Oh, that's right. Nobody was listening. What about the other 90% of the audience?
It wasn't listening those seven shows and especially the letter and especially yesterday
Do you think anybody was listening yesterday? Oh, I know for a fact they were
So what am I telling you?
This station probably does the most piss poor job of pruning anything. It's a freaking miracle
That we have any numbers that we have anybody listening at all. How many votes we got on a poll so far cheap old you 18
Which of these phrases or expressions is the most redundant cheap old you 18
Religious fanatic 17 petafile priest 13 as George's influence continues affecting the show
That's what I voted for by the way thumb redneck 13. That's what I voted boring baseball game 10
I thought you were voting for boring baseball game you lie I thought about it
Eight two hating Europe five schwarz or crack addict has got three now hysterical old Julio three
silly Brit none and rude Dutchman none
Yeah, rude Dutchman is definitely redundant
Anyway, here's the bad news oops. They're doing it again
Seriously, this picture her is I mean she I'm sure she's got a lot of makeup on in this picture
It's obvious, but she looks to be the perfect specimen of human femininity
Of the you may the human female species
And of course he on the other hand looks like crap
Yeah, he looks just like what he always looks like crap
Pure on a double rated crap just in tinkerbell. This is what
Yeah, looks like crap on two legs now I realize looks aren't everything. Maybe he's got this gigantic
You know multi-colored penis. I don't know. Maybe that's there. There's something there that doesn't meet the eye
Maybe he's got a sparkling personality because number one. He don't look at the number two. He can't say maybe they maybe they
They share that in common either one of them can sing for crap
But at least she looks great
Don't let me forget tomorrow. I want a critique on this picture of Britney Spears
Here's a fact from Tom. It's his ray hero front page bush photo proves there's no afterlife because
These fallen heroes would have never allowed this phony photo op. Okay. Okay Tom. Whatever you say
Still not one facts about the Georgian Joe not one. Nope
Zero none no commentary. What does that tell you we may have to take calls on this
Ha ha ha
Oops, they're doing it again Britney Spears and Justin tinkerbell are back in sync after a pregnancy scare
temporarily toward a long time couple apart
And sources say the real reason Justin broke up with Britney was that the pregnancy scare
Caused it to stop having sex with Justin and their red hot romance turned ice cold
Well, if she thought she was pregnant what that won't weigh is that like a little bit too late to stop?
Well, they're not gonna do it anymore. I see
And well they are according to this as the inquire reported in late March 20 year old Britney freaked out
When a home pregnancy test came up positive. She later found out she wasn't expecting
But the pregnancy scare put a hex on her and Justin's relationship a friend of the couple disclosed
Britney and Justin waited the years to be sexually intimate and almost as soon as they were they had to face the prospect of having a child together before they were really ready
Both of them have hot careers Justin started out solo after years with instinct and they both realized the trouble of baby could cause them
Britney was horrified over what her young female fans would think ever becoming pregnant outside marriage
Yeah, but at goody two shoes image she comes while she's shaking her naked ass and big tits in front of your face
That's why we can't say tits on the radio
Her whole image is built on her sex appeal and her would be availability to her millions of boy fans
If she became a mom her career would be kaput and so would the healthy moral image she's projected for years the healthy moral image
I'll agree with a healthy part
She's a slut
Is what she is all right
Talk of a baby froze them and they stopped sleeping together while they dealt with the issue
And with their sex life at a standstill just in dumpter ass in the rest of her two
Can you believe that he dumped her you ready for that? Yeah
I believe it
Oh, and there's a picture in the upper right hand corner of them like lying on a beach
And if you think he's ugly with his clothes on he's got like tattoo
He's got a big like iron cross on his shoulder. He's got a tattoo
I'm telling you man 14 pounds of cow excrement look better than Justin Tinkerbell
Said another source Britney was so afraid of getting pregnant that she was avoiding making love altogether
And that's when a frustrated Justin decided to need to break from each other because he was horny wanting to get laid
When in doubt somebody put out
After the split just in 21 hooked up with dancer Jenna Dewan
Who performed with instinct at the Grammy Awards in February and began hitting the strip clubs
Meanwhile Britney struck up a brief relationship with her own dancer curly-haired Brian Friedman
Oh, that's not that little faggot. Is it that little Tinkerbell one? Maybe she's ended Tinkerbells
And also with the party scene hard she hit it hard
Britney was spotted at trendy LA night clubs like last pamas guzzling glasses of Dom Perignon champagne
And dancing with groups of guys of the source kind like zombie charity on passions
She took their phone numbers down as if she was taking applications for potential dates
The party started to get too wild too out of control. She was trying to drown her sorrows
But it obviously didn't work. So in other words she was afraid she was gonna get a knocked up by Justin
But she figured the gang bangs would be safe
She simply couldn't get Justin out of her mind or her heart
Britney finally realized that she and Justin had to get back together and to do that she'd have to get over her fear of intimacy
The friend revealed Britney did a lot of soul searching and just into this well
But Britney was the one who finally reached out
She started calling Justin out on the pretext to finding out about the home-nade sheered or what friends were up to
What she really wanted was to tell Justin she loved him and wanted to get back together
That's what Justin wanted to but pride prevented him from coming right out and saying it or from coming out
Slowly over a few weeks of long calls they both opened up their hearts and confessed out truly lonely
They were without each other and how much they wanted to be a couple again
Britney told Justin she'd gotten over her fear of intimacy and just wanted him back in her arms
Just an agree they got back together
But their busy schedules hardly allow any time to be in the same city that could cause the reunion to fall apart yet again
Anybody believing this?
Anybody buying it?
No
Anybody think he's got a penis?
No
Glad to hear that
Boy
The lengths that they go to spin doctors the Hollywood spin doctors, you know the showbiz spin doctors to make up these stories
She wouldn't touch that thing with your hand. I'll guarantee you
Funny before 11 at 560 WQM has the who you are are we still doing the cutout by the way?
Yes
Oh
That's depressing because otherwise it's so magnificent
So I think there's something to be learned here boys and girls this show is living proof in case you have noticed that nothing is perfect
This is as close to perfection as you'll get but it just goes to show you that even though we go around the same wave life now
We still have to have like a little bit of technical
Because that's the beastly fn way
And without it somebody might think they're listening to the wrong station
If you're ready to get in shape for the summer like the beast now don't go to some fancy
You know restaurant where you're gonna get sick like the beast did he made one he fell off the wagon now
Got punished for it big time
But the beast is lost about 30 pounds with balance for life and you can do the same in fact when I'm coming home very soon
They're gonna be ascending me my little black sack and it's one of the few things I'm looking forward to coming back in South
Florida for a few days is getting the little black sack because it takes it takes all the guesswork out of losing weight
They've done all the work for you. The zone diet by dr. Barry series. It's very effective very complicated too
But
I had a time all you have to do is choose between two alternatives for each meal at you
Each day around a program and that's it those it only choices you make you don't have to count carbohydrates
You don't have to count calories. You don't have to do any shopping at all because all your meals three
Home-only balanced gourmet meals two delicious snacks even a 16 ounce bottle of water I knew your little black sack
And they deliver from balance for life your little black sack right to your door by six o'clock every morning to your work to your home
Wherever you are so if you really want to lose some weight
Get with the real control and prove and weight loss eat healthy lifestyle get in shape for summer starting right now
With balance for life because it really and truly works and like I've been telling you the food is delicious too
Pretty soon you look almost as good as the beast call balance for life at 954
568 3229 that's 954 568 3229 or check them out on the wicked web at balance for life
568
okay
bye bye bye bye
I'm doing her that's right just about every day and night
cause Fritmy's young and tight baby come
I waited endlessly she finally give it to me now just like in her sounds I can hear her mo
I've been feeding her since we were four it ain't no lie I
I was the first to go through that door. It's come by bye bye welcome time everybody knew
And it like punished for a year or two I hate to tell you her virginity has come by bye bye
The speed is cherries us so young and pink I thank out every day that I am within sync
I hate to tell you her virginity has come by bye bye
1045 at 560 wdcm now here's another Joe and George fan and I know exactly who this fax is from
You know who it's from the one you just asked me no
From the punk who called the several months ago and ran was over a year ago I guess
Giving me directions and how to do the show I guess it was before I went off the Amsterdam for last summer
And it was a few weeks ahead of time and he was saying oh just leave right now because what you need to do is a lot more
heterosexual sex
He was giving me a whole list of things that I should be talking about because the near Roger show isn't about pick
In other words, he was gonna make the show based on what he wanted to hear about not on what the show was
Oh
And now he faxes which I'm sure it's the same asshole George and Joe rule finally there were some good topics for a week
Get them on full-time and gay banter go George and Joe and gay banter who's he
Who's what gay banter?
He starts Monday
And just on the heels of that end the gay banter and I'm not making this up here's the nice fax from frank
Speaking of gay banter. He says I just wanted to comment on the Mike Piazza situation
Personally, I think that he's gay not that there's anything wrong with that and I based my opinion on a theory
I haven't heard discussed yet
How did you discuss the Mike Piazza situation?
For 27 hours straight this station was talking about gay athletes. Does it matter? Do you care?
And such and so on really yeah, well, that's so out of character with that station
Which usually in such a deep in a closet pretending that it doesn't exist. That's a shock
Well, that's you know what that sounds like to me
Gay banter
And so it was how do you like that? Well, so don't be pointed to finger with this old fag. Okay?
I wasn't even the guy damn country and there's all this gay banter going on
Anyway, Frank was on to say I think the proof is in Piazza's
Refusing to move to first base. How does that prove that he's gay not that there's anything wrong with that you ask in typical male male relationships
There aren't any infielders roundfielder's there's only a picture in a catcher good point frank
But too much goddamn gay banter cut it out god damn it
So see George hasn't sent me one critical facts. I'll go to I said you want to that. All right. Just relax relax
I just reached back and got it. I said you that before the other two as a matter of fact well
It didn't come out that way okay. I can't be responsible for the order in which the facts has come through my machine
Okay, my whole boy professional. Yeah, exactly that guy. I've sent you his facts. It's all right. Yeah
Yeah, kind of a name is that rack, but he does make a good point made up of all the other
You don't move nearly as much way and understand what you're saying now that we have there on the same audio wavelength here
I think the connection is different
Yeah, because we went on with different I just told you that before the show that we had to like
Go to a different frequency or whatever the hell I think we all would do before was the line the feed that you were getting back from this way was just really low
That's right
Not only was it low, but it was also like there was a split second delay on it
Believe me. Oh, I know that drove me nuts. Well, there you go. So now we've got rid of that and a fact that there's a little bit of a drop-out of it then and
See you're not gonna know I'm gonna start faking it baby
Of course you ought to be used to that. I had
Spy report mumbo boy still sucks is rack and my music chronic George Hader
It's as okay. So you put Josie on a radio excellent choice. He does a fine show
Hopefully he'll be the permanent replacement when you're out, but the Jew Hader never shuts up
If Joe is supposed to do the show all you hear is the pot head jumping in the whole show and mumbling away
Try this when Joe does a show. Please tell George not to speak at all
Don't speak at all George. Oh be happy too. I'm sorry to have to punish your ratings because of the spick
But oh see this guy. I will not fill you in in my diary my friends that I'm filling in also until you shut up the wretched
Spick we're not playing that game. Okay, we we're not holding we already got Greg Reed holding George hostage
We're not having listeners holding him hostage, okay? If you like to need a Roger show you'll fill it out
If in an ambition in which you already admit that you were listening
Wack
Doesn't miss a minute. Yeah, love your show. I would listen to Josie of spick boy which I just love
So you were listening, but you're gonna like punish me by trying to punish your rack up your ass, baby
Take your diary and wipe your ass with it
Here's another one every time you go on vacation. I changed the station. There is no substitute for you period
Absolutely correct. Welcome back. Please play the penthouse Gucci only bit. Oh, what the hell is that?
I don't even remember. Oh, it's on one of these from me and maybe I'll get around to it
Maybe I won't I haven't even got to the thing here
Sniff some politics with this picture of the bushmeister who was just on a virgin losing it
I don't want to get Robert all been out of shape
Anybody bringing you guys lunch today? No, I have my balance for life sack and I think Robert inherited beasts
Oh, he's not here. Well, how do you like that?
One of the I get the B sack anything good in there?
Everything good very good. Well, how do you like that probably even kosher too
Anyway, can I do the thing about George Bush here and stop with this? How's our poll coming by the way
Which of these phrases or expressions is the most redundant if you don't know what redundant is don't waste our time on our poll
Okay, bug off go to the uh bill or Riley pool
About dirty dancing we didn't get one there's not one facts
There was a one person out there who saw that story about the the high school problems. It was in several different cities
Certainly not Miami look at that the doused on almost a hundred points you ready for that
Huh oh right. I feel so much better not not that I want you people out there who still got all your money in there to lose any more money
but uh you know
Better late than ever. That's all I can say and it's a little no laughing matter
Money that matured cost me and like an interest free just into a like under a mattress somewhere
Then you wouldn't have to worry about being the scapegoat every time Greg read gets a bug up his ass
And when you tell me that he had the hoots but a come in here was giving you a song and an answer about something while I was going
That that to me is astonishing that's shocking
Because even if if you walked into a shopping mall anywhere in South Florida
Even people who don't listen to the show they know one thing Greg hate you right you being George
They all know that
Anyway
Keep old zoo 24. Thank God. I you know put that on there
Religious fanatic 22 see this is what we're left with after George and Joe do the show for seven days a bunch of anti-semites
Didn't come up once by the way even though somebody tried what's that
You know
By the way they had a much more terrorist attacks in Israel is moving the tanks back in the big pain to increase the population of settlements to the whole thing
Just goes round and around it's like a dog chasing its tail
They keep building more settlements and they keep blowing up more suicide bombers and the tanks keep moving back in again
And it just uh what's the point? I say let them all kill each other. I'm sick of it already
We got a real money. We got bigger fish to fry. We got guy named Indian Pakistan. Oh, but oh, it's big in a Pakistan
See I saved the depressing news to a little later in the show. I don't want to get too heavy early in the program after a holiday weekend
The from the Sunday times of London
About how we're treating the al-Qaeda down there in the guant and gippmo like like it's a uh
Like it's a fraternity like it's a goddamn nightclub down there. They're getting pignacoladas. Yeah run the call
As
Taliban and al-Qaeda believe plotting within Pakistan all those leaders that we were supposedly you to have killed
But we haven't as many as a thousand of them
Are not getting together in the Pakistan get ready to get all geared up and start all over again
But in the meantime our vice president old dick
That'd be a good poll question to take uh someday who's got a weaker heart pat quinter or a dick cheney
Anyway cheap old ju 25 religious fanatic 22
dumb redneck 20 petafile priest and the boring baseball game 14 apiece
Baseball is boring even though we hear a lot about it on this radio station. It's very very sad very very sad
It's only like what is it a game game and I have out of first place because that division is so mediocre because you've got rapid mediocrity
And what do you expect when the team in first place got the you know gay players on it alleged
Uh, what's the other one cheap french kineen 12 duhading arab 8
hysterical old hulio 8
Schwarzer crack addict 7 and none for rude Dutchman or silly bread. How do you like that? That's her it no silly brits
Panel finds deception in case of missing girl now let me ask you before we go on to that
What were some of the great topics that you discussed besides heterosexual sex because already my mother told me that you talked about sex one day
We did that's what she said what do you guys George talked about the first day sex sex that's all he talks about is sex
He said to pervert you ever see such a person like him sex
Well, we talked about star wars. We talked about you know spider-man stuff spider-man. Yeah
Who the hell gives a crap about spider-man. Oh, you'd be surprised your mom
No, my mom does not care about spider-man
We talked about that homeless voice thing remember we can see that thing going on right?
That's game with the broward by the way George
75,000 pages about that chamberbroward chamber of commerce guy and about the whole thing
I don't want to get started on that. I don't want to move backward. I got too much stuff here to move forward with right
Stuff like that the mystery unfolded and you know just general banter
General banter is opposed to gay banter
Well, maybe if we want to improve the near-rodger show we ought to start moving on to general banter
Instead of my gay banter we're gonna make any changes. No, I don't think so. I'll talk about whatever and how I want to talk about
And then asshole that sent the faction still listening right now, okay?
The one at the amateur program director out there who's gonna give me instructions to what I ought to be talking about
Oh, guess what I'm not gonna do it
We talked about office romance if you got the phone pot open by a chance to rumbert
Yes
Q.A.M. Hello
Hello, yes sir. How you doing? Thank you. Great
Okay, I just heard you talk about the homeless voice. I got a very very funny story for you
Okay, I'm an ad-tell so I'm out of the route on the road all day long
And maybe it's self-serving and whatnot, but at any time I'm going on a rather large appointment
I usually give them a couple bucks, you know
It worked one time so I figured what the hell I just keep going with it
So one day I'm leaving an appointment and I just signed and I was extremely happy
I didn't have any cash on me
But the guy came to the window and I never talked to him before but I figured what the hell let me just say quick
All out
So I gave them some cigarettes that I had in my car and he was very nice to me and then he said I got to ask you a question
My go right ahead. He said listen, I'm a homosexual man
Do you know where I can go to have a little bit of fun in this town?
So and then he just started making a new windows
So the skinny is give him money, but don't ever talk to him because there are a bunch of freaks
Neil you have a great cake. Okay, thanks for the good look. See there's more gay better there
We finally take a call at your out of the gate. All I was rather amusing
It was gay banner. Well the guy was just looking for a good time or hard time
Times or maybe he would like to fall on hard times. I don't know see more gay better everywhere
You look you can't get away from it and you know something the world is enjoying gay banner
Why do you think they were talking about my piazza so much huh?
Because he looks good. I don't think so. I think he's kind of like a freaky looking guy, but nevertheless
10
56 and you know something else by the way that you're going to be very excited about what that call that I just took yeah
I don't have any headphones on the first time I've taken a call up here that sounded great
Because now I've got the level see now that we're on the same wavelength technically
So it's good that there was a power failure here while I was away
And that holy one I had a retool this whole thing if I can say can I say retool no we do this whole thing
And the no delay thing means that you weren't stepping all over each other phone call he sounded great
See we're getting this done right didn't I tell you it's been a work in progress did I tell you that in real time?
I lie now we're finally after a few months because that's the bee'sly way
We have to start out screwing it up a little bit
And now that I took one call I see a bunch of other people are calling
Maybe I'll take them and maybe I won't don't worry about a robber just keep that pot open just in case
But don't hold your breath well, I will see I mean it was a pretty interesting caller when you say on a scale of three
I give them about two and a half
adequate if
No, not as good as you're cutting us but well if you always put off going to the dentist because of fear pain or that's right
You get the intellectual calls I forgot how soon they forget George gets the intellectuals
I just get the gay batter like this last guy, but he was pretty good
If you always put off going to the dentist because of fear because of pain or neglect or fear of pain
Called dr. And a p. Adrien associates and cruel giebles where he offers
Sedation dentistry sedation dentistry by dr. Piedro make you feel at ease while your dental works being done
You'll be sedated just enough to be unaware of the treatment being done yet feel refreshed and have little or no memory of what was accomplished
dr. Piedro does all types of dental work using sedation crowns implants cleanings fillings root canal other general dental procedures
Years a dental neglect can be fixed in as little as a couple of visits and dr. Piedro make you feel at ease while he's doing the work with his
Sedation dentistry techniques
So don't be afraid of that and it's any longer get healthy teeth and gums for a lifetime by calling dr. Rene Piedro
An associates to learn more about sedation dentistry call 305
661 1812 dr. Piedro is located at 4651 Pots daily on boulevard just west of lezune ruin and the gables check them out on the web if you like it floor to sleep dentist
Calm or call 305 661 1812 that's 305 661 1812 for dr. Rene Piedro and associates and be sure and tell him that old Neil who's got a beautiful set and
Scribors in the Canada, US only
The Neil Roger show on 560 188
Where you fudge back him
Hello, this is Bob Gujiali publisher of penthouse the magazine for men who can't seem to get a real woman
In our next issue. I'm proud to say we are presenting pictures of that sexy Russian tennis star with the size 36 c
Brest the lovely Anna Kona Kova. Oh
She really turns me on
Oh, does she turn me on? Oh
Now I'm sure you've heard that lawyers from his Kona Kova say that those hawk and headlights in penthouse aren't hers
Well, I'm looking at these photos right now and oh
I am one extremely turned on 71 year old porn peddler. Oh, I am so turned on and
Oh
Well, let me ask you this does it matter if the sexy pictures of this gorgeous young topless thing are Anna Kona Kova or not
Of course it doesn't the point is they're hot. Oh cool. There's so much. Oh, I'm bucked. Good. You need for penthouse the magazine
That's fun to read in the outhouse
It's occupied give me a few more minutes. Thank God for little heterosexual batter there
It's 1102 at 560 WQM. We got mad dog Jim managed coming up at one o'clock. Hancus in studio at three
We got the ballgame pregame at 630. You're a south Florida baseball team against now. What does it say that? I don't understand what's uh, well, I don't know
What no, it's just the way that the schedule is usually it's the reds the visiting team would be under first
But I'm getting picky. It's it the game is at the a pp park. Okay, they're home after the five and nine road trip
Eddie K after baseball at Joan Mark the a dirty boys back overnight on their own show
They got their own thing now. Nobody can pick on them there in the we hours in the morning when everybody is asleep except for a few drunks in the insomniac's
Rosie looks at lisa in dim light. Here's that story that we teased a little while ago
The friendship between lisa monelle and fat Rosie O'Donnell was severely strained after old scabby monelle
Backed out of O'Donnell's final show or to do barbell waters the view insideers told the New York Post
I saw the view one day. Well, that's terrible. That's terrible. It's terrible. The view
Two weeks ago O'Donnell announced with much fanfare that Nathan Lane and monelle would be her guest. You know, I if you had any idea of how different
This whole the whole experience of doing this show is now that we can actually like hear each other. I have every idea
I mean, it's the audience out of the audience can hear it the way it sounds on the ear
But for me just sitting here in his room. It's like
Machia's they say in Yugoslavia if they still had a Yugoslavia
That's what my loss of it said he said it's a Machia
Anyway
Two weeks ago don't announce with much manfare
Manfare that Nathan Lane and monelle would be her guest stars on her last live show which aired Wednesday, but
Sources said due to a misunderstanding over a Judy Garland song
Monelle backed out and had to be replaced with Christine ever saw who the hell is that don't know never heard of her
Liza promised Rosie she would sing somewhere over the rainbow, but a few weeks later
She had a change of heart and didn't want to do it the post said
Rosie was furious and said if you won't sing it don't come
Liza has never sung that song in public and she knew it would be a big heart stopping moment
She figured that if she was going to be getting a lot of attention from the song
It might as well be in her own Broadway show and out Rosie's the post source said how do you like that old washed up bitch
Ah that freaky liza monelle
Seems to me those two that's a match made in heaven
Fat bull bike Rosie O'Donnell and that uh
Fag-Hag Liza
I
I think she ought to be singing somewhere with a rainbow because you know
She's got that same neurotic thing that Judy Garland had without the talent see Judy Garland had the talent
But she always seemed like she was on the verge of an ever's breakdown
And that's because she always was like every note could be her last you know like she would just crumble and fall down like
Boom Shambi right there in a stage think the pills had anything to do with that might have had a little bit and maybe the booze
Had a little bit to do with it but
Couldn't sing her way out of a paper sack, but also has that same uh, you know what I'm talking about that same song
Yeah, like she's rated like fall apart on a given moment kind like our general manager
Panel finds deception in case of missing girl a major scandal is once again
Jeb Bush in the state of Florida show their absolute total ineptitude
Too bad the democratic party doesn't have a candidate who has a Chinaman's chance in hell and winning even a fixed election
In Florida where fixed elections are now becoming especially they still couldn't do it
This appearance of that five-year-old little girl went on notice for 15 months because two low-level state workers and her caretakers
Deceive the state shall welfare system review review a review panel is concluded
The committee said the workers and two sisters submitted paperwork that falsely indicated
William Wilson was in the sisters care and was being visited regularly by child welfare workers
I sure like to see the workers and their sisters, you know it I sure like to take a puket who they are
There was fraud perpetrated here said Sarah Harold no relation to the newspaper
The two because this is from the Washington Post
The child welfare expert on the four-member panel the group reviewed a 26-page draft or report
Which is being presented today to governor Jeb Bush who appointed the panel
The panel did not recommend the removal of children the family secretary Kathleen Kourney or the agency's top administrator
But it's an agency shortcomings need to be addressed. It's scandalous
Rillia was an infant when she was taken by the state from a homeless crack-addicted mother
The child was placed in the custody of Pamela Graham in April of 2000 went to live in the home of her sister
Gerald and Graham
Gerald and Graham said in April that a department worker took Rillia from a home in January 2001
But Rillia's case worker Deborah Muskely filed a co-report August of 2001 indicating she had recently visited Rillia
Muskely and her supervisor will he hear a squit march amid criticism of the way they handle an unrelated case
Also in March, Gerald and Graham filed for food stamps on behalf of Rillia
She'd also sought food stamps and other government services for Rillia between January 2001 and March
Kourney who's called the girls disappearance and isolated incident said the agency made mistakes
The draft report suggested 30 changes including photographing children every three months and having them come to court every six months
So I've been gone all this time and he's signed her Rillia. No anybody got any idea where she is
No, she's dead or alive
now
Howard Feynman's column in this much last weeks May 27th news week
And here's a picture of Robert's president with that same bewildered look on his post all of an angry bewildered look the people's president
Yeah, the minority of people have voted for him right
Howard Feynman writes it was supposed to be a well-quist like what's her name said and
What's in the Robinson she said the American people are dumb and boy she right American people would even
Ordefied Afghanistan on a map with both hands including this president. So you're right. He is the people's president
They like dumb
Look at Jimmy Carter look at Eisenhower look at your old Ford
To be a routine drop by little more quick strategic review with the president before you awarded a medal to Nancy Reagan
The capitol were tundra but by the time George W Bush arrived at a private gathering of Republican senators in the man's field room
A vicious political war had erupted on the hill ignited by the disclosure that he had been warned last August about the possibility of al-Qaeda hijackings in the US
A suddenly empaddle president felt the need to talk tough at length behind closed doors
No question when he walked into the room. He was shaken one senator later said
What followed according to several sources who were in the room last Thursday afternoon was a jot-jaw
Disjointed discourse with a tinge of die tribe in a crescendo or podium pounding
The president dismissed questions about his administration's counterterrorism actions or lack of them before September the eleventh is mere democratic partisanship
I sniff some politics in the air he scoffed
Asked about them at least he recuttered with a blunt oval office conversation with every else your own
He said he'd ask the Israeli leader if he really hated yester. I'm a fart
Sharon had answered yes according to the president
I looked him straight in the eye and said while you're gonna kill him
Sharon said no to which the president said he'd replied that's good
Bush was just getting warmed up now you guys really got me going
He said he threatened to block the entire defense bill if it contained money for the controversial and costly
Crutator crusader artillery system. I mean it al-vitowate he said tercely
Glancing at senator Don Nichols of Oklahoma where crusader would be built
Bush ended with an attack on North Korean dictator Kim Jong-il
He's starving his own people bush said and imprisoning intellectuals in a gulag half the size of Austin
The president called him a pygmy and compared him to a spoiled child at a dinner table
Stunned senators didn't know quite what to make of the performance
It was like in church when the sermon goes on too long and he knocked you where the point is one told news week
Nobody dared to even look at anybody else
If Bush seemed unsure of his bearings he had reason to be after eight months of political calm the war on Tara
Broad has turned into an uncivil war at home
Until last week the capital was full of urgent but murky bureaucratic debates
Terrorism information now suddenly democrats investigators and the news media asking the horny nixonian questions
What did the president know and when did he know it and they were asking new but equally dramatic ones with years worth of scattered
But numerous hints of al-cat is emerging suicide strategy
Why didn't Bush know more and why were people told after September 11th what the administration knew before that fateful day
In this new question time
What is that new question time Bush has the benefit of a bond with the american people who for the most part seem to hope that he'll succeed
In the new newsweek pool has approval rating is 73% still a lofty number
Yet voters are highly critical of other parts of his administration the CIA the FBI in his own security team
By a 55 to 38% margin they think the administration should have issued a public hijacking warning before September 11th
By a 68 to 24% margin they want a congressional investigation of intelligence failures
And voters skepticism even extends the bush on one crucial subject asked if he has done all he should have with the pre-911 warnings
Voter said yes, but only by a margin of 48 to 39%
Democrats trying to sound more sourful than angry little-own-delighted
demanded answers
noting an instantly famous headline Bush knew when they normally pro-Bush New York Post
Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton took the senate floor to express her concern
So did party leaders Tom Dashel and Dickette Hart
The rest of the party joined in conveniently ignoring Clinton administration figures
And the extensive pre-911 knowledge of their own members of congressional intelligence committees
It was the attack of the mattress rats atop White House 8 said bitterly they were everywhere
Soon after Bush's Chesty Mansfield room talk team Bush gathered itself and fought back hard
Waking the rats as they put it
They despatched Vice President Cheney to waive the patriotic flag at a political dinner in New York
Where he warned critics not to make incendiary comments that are totally unworthy of national leaders in a time of war
The Bushes even took the unprecedented step of wheeling out Laura Bush to defend her husband
Traveling in Budapest, Hungary misses Bush's data plate to watch a condi rice briefing
The next morning the first lady volunteered to report is that it was very sad that people would play upon the victims families emotions or all Americans emotions
The counteroffensive temporarily silenced most Democrats both of Bush administration
Nevertheless found itself in a nightmare issue familiar Washington predicament forced to wish your statements without knowing what leaks might
Immediately undercut them
Investigative committees were demanding in getting access to thousands of potentially explosive documents
And bureaucrats suddenly were less interested in protecting the president than in protecting their own rears and reputations
Under the strain the White House's
Voted message discipline and internal unity were falling apart
privately some hardliners criticized press secretary area fly sure for confirming the basic acceptance of the August 6 memo when it was first reported by CBS
We should have piled up the sandbags and said none of your business had a classified one insider grumbled
Others criticized rice's briefing. She wasn't ready for prime time huffed one staff for that's for sure
Still others privately limited the administration's faded to tell the public more if not be four nine eleven and immediately after
Some wish that counselor Karen Hughes was traveling with message bush and will soon be leaving the White House was back. It's been control central
More urgently needed than a message leader as a message said republican polster frank lunch
The topic what people need to know and what for security reasons they can't be told the public is confused about the relationship between
National security and the flow of information from the government
He said one minute there being issued too many warnings the next minute not enough
That might compromise the war effort
But they need to have a better sense of what the limits are and why
But a habit of disclosure is not in the bush genetic makeup the son of a CIA chief
Bush has always preferred to operate with secrecy and surprise
Cheney sees congress and the media as annoyances at best
This view was reinforced by the advent of war more than ever
They tend to think that the public has a right to know only what the top guns think is worth telling them
But now having said less than he should have last fall Bush is gonna have to say more than he wanted to this summer and perhaps
For the rest of his presidency rights Howard Feynman in newsweek
1113 at 560 wqm here's one thing everybody should know and that is if you don't sleep on a good quality mattress
You're gonna wind up with a bad back and you're gonna wind up as a result feeling like crap
Where do you get a good mattress when you go to a bedding or department store and pay a pay through the nose
You can waste a lot of time and gas and money or it can do the smart thing like I've been doing for years
Just sit right on your lazy fat ass and make one easy call to our good friends at dial a mattress
1-800 macrace
1-800 MATTR ES you'll be instantly connected to an expert bed and consult
Who's only job is to hook you up with a best brand name mattress under the sun and an unbeatable price
And we're talking the top brands in the world
Serta see these Simmons and King coil and when you call dial a mattress and 1-800 macrace
You pick today and the to our window for delivery seven days a week in other words when it's convenient for you
Any to our winter like between one and three two and four three and five etc and so on
No, forget when you do business with dial a mattress
You also get a 30-day in-home comfort guarantee student test the mattress the right way the smart way by sleeping on it
So if you want a great night sleep for years and months to come or is it the other way around called out of mattress today
They'll be there knocking on your door no time at all call 1-800 macrace 1-800 MATTR we answer check them out on the web
We're T for you. We're T morning
3-6 tonight at 5-4-305-60
You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, actually way
Hey hang this up, baby
Poor day that can't be
Serve up a tasty treat with uncle Ben's
Grandly so right
Where a woman I show it hungry now
What's all the blue plate for tonight?
Baby
It's in my town I'm gonna put something good in your mouth
But it's being in an even more order from the beach around
This tastes like old now I can't eat
And all the scrubbing in the middle easy now
Give us a pile of boundaries of what I do
Oh honey, they knew all she got to do was watch how I move
She's going there
Yeah
I'm going there
Mon of our jolly
Boy
I've got it
We show it happy now
I guess we shouldn't report that Pakistan is just test fired a third missile
No, they did too over the weekend. They just did another one just for the hell of it and Indy is getting a little bit tense
And of course you do realize what else is named Vajpa or Shmata whatever that he's 77 years old and in failing health
So what else he got to lose you know at this point
So it's a little bit nerve-racking the fact that you bet and of course if anybody doubts what I've always said in Georgia
Same thing about religion over the years just take a look at this deal over there now
You've got I've really got the Hindus against the Muslims, but you've got the Muslim fanatics against the non-fanatics
Against the people who want to be you know allowed to live out of the Stone Age
And then the Muslim fanatics who want to force them just like the Taliban
We're doing to their people in Afghanistan to live in the Stone Age and restrict this and restrict that and
It's it's tragic
As you look all over these parts of the desperate world you see everybody in all boils down to this religious group against that religious group everybody with the label
See I prefer to consider myself which it's a lot safer that way like a you know a citizen of the world
I'm walking around over there in Amsterdam over there in the Arim-Bron plane or the Damrak or Webinar
I'm like a citizen of the world. I live in Amsterdam. I live in Miami. I live in Toronto. I live around a world
You know what the hell difference does it make?
What difference does it make
Now when you talk about the Mike Piazza thing
Yeah, did you read the actual column that the post refused to a print?
No, we didn't read any columns, but we referred to it
Joe did just started that whole thing by the way
Well, yeah, you were started because it's gay banter right it's gay
Right and you wouldn't talk about that plus you don't know Mike Piazza from Tony's pizza. Who's that?
Now what did you just say?
I said who's that oh
Did I do that? That was the one time I couldn't hear you because you were you were mumbling that time
We're on the same wavelength here, but now you were mumbling Eric says he's hearing me cut out too
But I don't know how that can be I just I think that's what just happened right there for just but you know something
I don't care
Because believe me and and leave it to Eric. Hey, Eric. Why don't you give us the good news? Okay?
Stop being such a sour push just because us fat people tend to be sour people because we hate the fact that we look at the mirror
We see that we're so fat and ugly and grotesque got these big hanging blobs of fat
They're killing us and in a restricting all of our goddamn
organs and there's nothing worse than have it a restricted organ
Especially if the goddamn senior prom
Still and still got no response about that and we have any calls about that already down here saw any of those of the video that you're talking about
Which I wish I could see god you'd have gone nuts
I mean these kids were like you talk about dirty dancing and you and you while this disco
That you can imagine on South Beach in a night of ecstasy filled
Acid-induced wild dirty dancing you have never seen anything wilder and more
Suggestive than what these kids were doing at their senior proms if these
At least four or five high schools
In different big deal
I didn't say it was a big deal while why are you into that too Robert you're gonna be doing some of dirty dancing
In the middle of the shops a lot of ecstasy and does dirty dancing down on South Beach that's right. Well, so what's wrong with girls?
Anyway, go to some schwarz her fest this last weekend forget about that
Anyway, so now which one of these should I do first?
I
Guess I'll read this one. Well, see that's right because you don't do reading because you don't read well first of all right
You know how good my reading is today
It's great. It's sensational. They you won't want because I just came back from vacation
See these people say I take too many vacations and they get pissed off when I'm out there
And because they hate George or Joe or Horby just because they're generally pissed off
Guess what if I had a lot more vacations this show would be sensational in fact
I think 50 weeks of vacation a year and two weeks of work sounds great. Oh, yeah, sounds excellent to me
And what Greg Reid doesn't understand at this point is he thinks he's I gave him back some vacation in august
I gave him back a little vacation into what he doesn't realize is I'm on vacation for seven and a half months
Like right now
I'm doing a show, but guess what the way I look at I'm still on vacation
Because you're not here. That's right
Man, it's like it's like dying to go and have it. This is like paradise
And that's why from the very beginning those assholes who said oh, well, we don't like the tone of the show
The tone is awful right because Neil isn't pissed off it unhappy
We can't share our misery and suffering. We can't heap our unhappiness in our misery upon him because he's not here with us
Go to those stupid hockey games
Screw that you know, I want to go to a hockey game. I'll go pay two grand for god damn ticket tonight in the nose
The the ACC although I think I'll sit here and watch it on TV for free
Thank you in the comfort of my living room as opposed to the air Canada Center which needs some help
You can I'll tell you one thing and I don't care what anybody tells me you can't complain about the atmosphere in the air
Canada Center because there isn't any
But you got to understand these athletes. They got to make their millions and millions and we got to pay
Make a hell a lot more money so Steve's there
We're open afford to pay koo joe and bring him back next year which he damn well better do it and Matt's undine and all these other glam
We got to pay them the big bucks
Anyway
What was I just talking about the fact that I feel so good after a great vacation right?
Amsterdam and you were trying to take on vacation one article and another
John Alpavilla writes now what is this from oh this is from the Hartford current
This is May 23 now. What's it eight the the 20 so this is the last Tuesday this this all happened just a few days ago
Which is why rumor called me up breathlessly
Papa Papa Papa about this story and then of course give me a song of dance about how George spent half the show talking about his
A battle with Greg Reed and about Moe and his son which of course was
Just slightly exaggerated a tad yeah
Get a life rimmer in fact you know something I my best suggestion to rimmer is this burn your radio right now right in the middle of my show
You know you don't get any diaries anyway plus we got that one guy that don't want to put me down because he hates George
Anyway Mike a John whatever this guy's name is current staff writer writes the site of my fiancee denying
Unsubstantiated rumors that he's gay seem to make everyone uncomfortable Tuesday in Philadelphia and the squirming hasn't stopped
He's squirming as the gay batter continues your gay
I'm heterosexual piazza said I can't control what people think I can say
I'm heterosexual I date women. I don't see a need to address it any further. I date women
That's what I'll rant out used to say too
On Monday a lot and I don't I don't know and I don't care okay mic piazza does nothing for me if he's gay more power to him
If he's straight all I would say is like stand up straight and stop squatting down all the time
Although
On Monday a line in the gossip column by the New York Post Neil Travis said a met star was thinking about coming out of the closet
There's a persistent rumor around town that one of the met stars who spends a lot of time with pretty models and clubs
Is actually gay and has started to think about declaring a sexual orientation Travis road
And from the moment the paper hit the streets
The
There's a great line of course in there, but it's not that the Schmidt hit the fan should be the next line. Oh to think
Yeah, the story began to take on a bizarre life of its own. It says including a long run on New York's talk radio circuit
I'll bet
Maybe the media needs to grow up someday instead of minding other people's business met manager Bobby Valentine said Wednesday
reckless journalism met's GM Steve Phillips said
veteran post-sports columnist Wallace Matthews angered by the Travis story
Wrote a column that the paper refused to publish without content changes in the column Matthews asserted Piotse's right to privacy
And was critical of the post on Wednesday Matthews posted his unedited column on several internet sites
Which I have one here including sportsjournalist.com
I always knew the paper I had no integrity Matthew said on the website later the post fired Matthews
It is best to tread lightly less someone comparing in your windows next Matthews wrote in his column
That's why the kind of journalism perpetrated in Monday's post is abhorrent
As are the McCarthy-like tactics of homosexual groups that deliberately out celebrities and athletes under the premise of exposing hypocrisy
SPN radio that it was no longer working for the post
I'm through with them, but I'm not sure if they're through with me Matthew said
Post-sports editor Greg Gallo referred questions to a post-spoke woman
In light of Matthews derogatory comments and insubordination post-management filled
It was no longer appropriate from the continuing the paper's employer statement said
Valentine said professional baseball players would not be phased by a gate teammate
A couple females women athletes if they could play Valentine's set and then of course regretted those comments
You're gay. Yeah
So after the break I'll read the column by Wallace Matthews that the post wouldn't print
Which really is not a big deal, but you know, I guess the post is just so uptight. They can't take any goddamn criticism
And I like the New York Post
Like a lot of the comments for the post, but you know just the way it is
27 after a day hour
Oh jeez
At
560 wqm, you know, I don't have any champion light. Oh, no, I just mentioned that in passing
I come back from acation. I shot I thought for sure there would be like cartons and cartons of champion light
You're just waiting for me and you know, just the way it goes. I don't want to be a free loader
But why the hell not? Anyway, I love champion light and you will too because they've improved the taste
It comes in six delicious flavors right now orange lemon line grapefruit punch and the brand new what do they call it?
blue um
Blue raspberry blue raspberry and lemonade
See I'm away so long I forget what it's all about. I do know with this there's no crap in it
Unlike all the other sports drinks that are loaded with sugar and with carbohydrates and calories and crap
You won't find any crap at all in champion light. It tastes good. It's good for it the same time
No sugar no carbohydrates. No calories like I said no swill pick it up at your favorite store
Now let's see do I have the right stuff here from PD Lenny which I doubt
Uh, no, that's that's age age old if you want to find a stir nearest you the kiri's champion light
Call up PD Lenny on his cell phone. I'll give out the number in a minute or look up on the website champion light
To get a sense in any red
Silver it's in a way it's 630
It's ready you five sixty each you a
You
Yeah
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good hard stiff look and to start up
He was an Indonesian born of Dutch parents who had his only hit with a remake of an American song which you record in in Germany
Was this guy?
Up or what we're talking about taco
You know
Where
Oh, I love him that it's extremely hard to find information on taco indeed
I love him that it's extremely hard to find information on taco indeed our own search for taco proved
fruitless until it finally bore fruit and Jim who runs the only known taco fan website in the world
I want people to know they don't have to be ashamed to visit my site if you love taco
You've found a home here Jim also runs taco support groups for the miserable hideous freaks who actually copped a liking this crappy singer and his crappy song
Hi
My name is Beth and I'm a taco fan hi
How do I explain taco's contribution to this whole
uvrav synth pot versions of Irving Berlin tunes
Where are you taco?
Please let us know where you are and if you're listening I just want to thank you
Oh and please click on the links to my sponsors help keep my website free
What a bunch of crap
Give me the young Frankenstein version any day if you're blue and you don't know where to go to why don't you go where fashion synth
Ah that's better
It's a big juicy shopping west look at show business tonight on inside the behind
We
So whatever happened to Marty Feldman is he still then still dead?
Let me thirty two a five sixty w.k. I am here's
Wallace Matthews column of one of the New York Post wouldn't print and that they fired his ass over
Bobby Valentine made sure not to be everything he thinks he is he says baseball genius restaurant innovator all around
Renaissance man, but I want to show he's wrong dead wrong
Major league baseball is not ready to accept an openly gay player as he told details magazine an upcoming issue
Nor is the NBA the NHL the NFL the PGA the USDA or professional boxing
If they were Mike Piazza would not have found himself thrust in the awkward position of having to address rumors
Concerning a sexuality before the start of last night's Metz Phillies game
If the fans were ready the Metz wouldn't care if it became known that their entire roster was made up of gays
Because it wouldn't matter and the rest of society if the rest of society were ready
I wouldn't be writing this column right now
You think that by now two years past the millennium and in a country that considers itself sophisticated
The sexuality of individual would no longer be an issue
And yet by what happened last night were reminded that it's still a very big issue indeed
Every time we start to believe we live in a mature society
Something like this comes along to remind us we really aren't that far removed from the frat house or the schoolyard or the kitty park
Valentine's comments to details sparked an irresponsible blind item in Mondays post in which a gossip calmist reprinted a rumor concerning an unnamed Met
The gossip calmness then acknowledged that he was unable to substantiate any part of the rumor. He printed it anyway
The
Out of statements of how he is heterosexuality were indirectly sponsored that item
But in truth there was no reason to print the item and even less reason for the met to respond to it
Who's business is it anyway what a player does off the field or who he sleeps with or what kind of car he drives or what kind of a dog he owns
The only time a player's personal life becomes an issue is when it can be shown to be affecting his performance on the field
Even then it is best to tread lightly less someone comparing into your windows next
That's why the kind of journalism prop perpetrated in Mondays post is wrong
As are the McCarthy-like tactics of homosexual groups that deliberately out celebrities and athletes under the premise that to keep on's homosexuality a secret is somehow hypocritical
Does anyone understand the meaning of words like privacy or modesty or discretion anymore?
Perhaps Piazza is probably the most approachable and accommodating athlete at his level in any sport
Felder was best to lay this story to rest by addressing it head on so to speak
Maybe the met's worried about negative publicity in a renewed whispering campaign put Piazza up to it
If so they committed an unspeakable injustice to a good guy
Either way it demonstrates that we have a long way to go before we're truly ready to accept people for what they are
Judging by the feeding friends you that greeted Piazza last night at the vet
It seems that the first openly gay male athlete whoever it happens to be will face to kind of abuse no athlete as face in Jackie Robinson wiped out the color line in
1947 in fact, it may be even worse Robinson mainly had to worry about white racists
Whoever chooses to come out will likely face homophobia that crosses into every race creed color in ethnic group
It'll take a person of incredible courage and resilience to make such a stand now. Can you tell me what's wrong with that article
Nothing besides these critical of his own newspaper for putting that thing in there in the first place
But but I mean that article it seems to me makes a lot of sense
Yeah, I was waiting for something. I don't know bolder no
No, he gets he gets canned over it because he wouldn't edit it. He wouldn't change it to accommodate them at the post
Post is what I said oh
At any rate
More gay banner by the way that's a problem with his show make no mistake about it
We just surveyed 50,000 individuals over on church tree here in Toronto. They said lots more gay banner. That's what we want
They
They times in the UK no less
Well, you're not such a shame that the papers in South Florida suck so bad
I never rely I always do it
But I never realized it quite as much as I do now. Why do you think some of us don't bother? Oh
man
I wouldn't wipe my ass with either of those rags even if I was the one of those French toilets
You know where you squat over the hole in the ground get over that
I they told me about this were sitting there in in Peter's office and we're having a conversation
And I'm paying in my rent and whatever and we're having his come oh there's the pope and a president boy
I'm actually having to talk about the blind leading the dumb or how does that go? Oh, sorry Robert
Remember kids were ever said about that when you bash the pope. Yeah, he likes his smatha
Take a hammer go. Yeah
Look at that. He can't he can't even stand up. They man can't even stand up. He's hunched over
And he's got his head down like he's looking for something believe me. It's not their pop. Trust me
That used to be yeah, I could have been a contender
Anyway exposed al-Qaeda's rest camp. This is from the Sunday Times in London by Tony Allen Mills in Washington
This got to make you pissed off
The interrogation of Taliban and al-Qaeda detainees if the American military base in Guantanamo Bay Cuba has turned into a politically correct forest
Because of Washington's fear of the human rights lobby according to a unique insiders account
Overreacting to the initial outcry at the apparently tough conditions in the camp x-ray detention center
With its images of cages, chains and kneeling prisoners and rumors of truth dogs and sensory deprivation
The Pentagon has set up a kid-glover regime
Suspected terrorists are allowed to treat their captors with derision lying chanting the Quran in unison
Mocking and threatening guards and throwing water at them
Americans are under orders not to react roughly they even transport prisoners in golf carts
Guantanamo has been nicknamed eggshell city by interrogators because of the political sensitivities of dealing with 384
Captured for more than 30 countries among them at least seven riddish citizens
In the first breach of the military secrecy shrouded in the interrogation process William Tierney and Arabic speaker who spent six weeks as an
Interpreter at camp x-ray
Revealed the combination of inexperienced interrogators and stifling political correctness that has hampered efforts to extract intelligence about al-Qaeda
The Guantanamo interrogation team is led by a veteran CIA FBI military intelligence agents
Oh, that you know that would have been a good one for our uphold, you know
What's that FBI intelligence? Oh, no, that's right. We're not doing not oxymorons. That's yeah
The Guantanamo interrogation team is led by a veteran CIA FBI military intelligence agents
But the sheer vitamin work is forced the Pentagon to recruit outside linguists with little wartime experience tyranny said
One interrogator is an army reservist whose previous experience was questioning passengers at San Francisco airport
Another young woman was a good linguist but was treated with contempt by the Islamic militant inmates
American authorities took so many measures to avoid criticism by human rights groups that a marine guard was removed because prisoners
Complainty was too rough
A visiting US general reassured a group of prisoners. We don't want anyone to say we're mistreating you
After prisoners complain that leg irons cut and bruised them if they walked any distance
American officers arranged for them to be wheeled to and from their interrogations on stretcher like trolleys
But a television crew spotted a prostate prisoner one of the Britons
Bring wheeled back to his cell and suggested he might have suffered a beating the trolleys were promptly replaced with motorized golf carts
Tierney a Gulf War veteran declined to decide to speak on after losing his job in a long running dispute with the Pentagon
He claimed that standard interrogation techniques were making little progress against al-Qaeda militants trained encounter measures
Good cop bad cop routine with a Saudi detainees trust to win a Saudi detainees trust the lead interrogator feigned to fit a temper and stormed out of the room
Leaving Tierney to sympathize with the prisoner and tried to it
ingratiate himself by talking about life and reawed it didn't work. Of course he said
Other sources supported Tierney's account of intelligence effort hamstrung by bureaucratic breakdowns and political pressures
The experience on interrogations has been miserable a disaster from the very beginning set a congressional intelligence source
A senior military officer concluded we haven't scratched the surface and getting things out of these folks that we need
Lieutenant Colonel Dennis Fink a spokesman for the interrogation team
acknowledged yesterday that interrogating hardline Islamic militants was a very tedious task a very long slow process
He insisted however that there was no hurry and that everything is going fine
The seventh Britain to be incarcerated at Guantanamo Bay was identified yesterday as Tarek Deregul
A former care worker from East London. He was transferred to the camp with 31 other prisoners at the start of the month after being captured in Afghanistan
The son of a retired baker from Morocco. Deergul was born in Britain and grew up in
Bethnal Green East of London in East London
He attended a Roman Catholic secondary school despite being a practicing Muslim
He traveled to Pakistan last summer to learn Arabic and then moved on to Afghanistan
His mother Rihanna said yesterday. I still don't understand what's happened as a mother. I'm heartbroken
I love my son but I was horrified when I learned that he had gone to Afghanistan
I'm a Muslim and I took him to Moscow. We're not fundamentalists
I don't support the Taliban or al-Qaeda
And I don't think he does but who the hell knows how do you like that? We're doing it there, baby. Oh, not we're doing it
Tig gloves golf carts. Yeah, Arnie Palmer would be proud. No question about that
19 to noon at 560 WQA and if you're looking in the mirror and wondering where it went
Where did that hair go Bob Ball and looked in the mirror he said you know that ghoul on that broken leg was very excited
In over time in 1967, but I look in a mirror and I see that gigantic ball spot
Where did it go the puck went in the net and my hair went down the drain?
If you have it the same problem if you got that male pattern baldness that God is
Afflicting so many men with Charles Alfieiri can do a job for you
Charlie who's appeared as a guest on Good Morning American that today show
He's got the latest technology that provides sensational results for guys who want their hair back
And the most amazing looking natural hairline in the world
So if you want to look natural if you want to look like it's your real hair grown out of your scalp
As opposed to those silly people who water around with those
Mousey looking pieces on their head. Here's the deal call Charlie Alfieiri mentioning the arraggies
I'll like 200 dollars off the regular price by the way for all QA and listeners
Call 1-800-321-2413
There's no obligation they bring you in they sit you down and show you just how much better and younger
They can help you guys look better than you ever thought you'd look again
Call 1-800-321-2413 and get your hair back from Charles Alfieiri or check out his website at www.
But I'm a saint Bernard
The mad dog we tasted one on sports radio 516
QA and Europe
BAM
In a place that smells just like a bad day at the zoo
If it's got back dressed and dragged that drink that we need to
Yeah
If you want to bring the circle that made it to the end
It seems all you gotta do is just ask to you
And yeah
Right
Disassure sound
It's a hell about
Now
Hades girls
We don't care about
That's a hell about
Now
Tell about
Now
We'll take your back
Cutters
We'll leave a drag
We'll quit
Now
Welcome
I found this new
World world
So that we
Can't spare our
Bigverse
I raised my kids
Like
In July
My name is
When I call it
Gary
It's a filthy
Seity
Nand
It's a
Taliban
Land
And
As a
But
Friend
Heard
It's
And
It's a
Taliban
Land
One
It's a bum
For the
Taliban
In the
Afghanistan
And
Oh
And
Oh
Harla
It's
Well
Let me put it
Set it on
Look at this
We got a press conference coming up surely
On the cause of death for a shodderly
I think she'd done herself in
Don't you
Well somehow
I think she took that jogging suit
Tied herself up in
Not in the suit and then
Just started the ruling is
Hard as she could
Downhill in a tree
Fractured her skull
And then just lay there and
Rotten
Until they found the
Pieces
Are we going to carry it?
He's talking
Oh yeah right now
We're positively identified
By the office of the chief medical
Examiner
As those of Chandra and Levy
Yours Jewish
That was done by comparison of dental x-rays
No he's not
For death has been certified today
By the dog
Cause of death has been certified
As undetermined
The manner of death has been
Certified as homicide
In this case there was not
Specific excuse me
sufficient evidence
To ascertain conclusively
The specific injury that caused her death
However the circumstances
Ever disappearance
And her body of recovery
Are indicative that she died
Through the acts of another person
Which is the definition
Of a homicidal manner of death
I will not comment specifically
On the details of the ongoing
Law enforcement investigation
By way of background
Let me share with you some basic definitions
Please
Cause of death is the specific
Disease or injury that leads
To the death of the person
The manner of death is the explanation
Of how the cause occurred
The choice is being natural
Accident
Suicide homicide
Or undetermined
Prior to this press conference
I spoke with Mr. Billy Martin
The attorney for the Levy family
I disclose these results to him
And offered my condolences to the Levy family
Thank you. I'll take a few questions then
Dr. Arden
Dr. Jim
Any other tests?
Any DNA tests?
Any tests on fibers?
Any laboratory tests?
At this time there are no other tests
On going
If any such tests become necessary
Or applicable
Then we will deal with that as the metarises
Dr. Wester
Dr. Wester
Dr. Wester
Dr. Wester
Dr. Wester
One of the times
Dr. Wester
What test did you do?
And why was it difficult to
To come to a cause?
The test that we did really
Were examination of the skeletonized remains
It was a physical examination
In which I was assisted by the forensic anthropologist
From the Smithsonian institutions
As I said when there is insufficient evidence
Of a specific disease or injury
To arrive at a conclusion
Then one has to go with the undetermined cause
Thanks Dr. Dr. Jonathan Arden
DC Medical Examiner
He's the best baby
By the way something
Not correct
What
Oh never mind, wait a minute
No, what's the one?
If there was ever any doubt
About the delay or like thereof
You're playing the audio
And I'm watching the video
And his lips were moving along with the audio
So there is absolutely no delay from you to here
Oh
How do you like that?
I like it a lot
In other words, we're on the same wavelength
Let's hear it
Oh got it
Congressmen are male prostitutes
Boy
Rides around in his limb
Or without wearing pants
If you start dating him
It's a hell of a chance
It'll change your life
He'll tell you he loves you
But won't believe his wife
That he flips does an old chain
With satanite
That's what it's like
If you're a Gary Skull
God help you if you're Gary Skull
Then prove you're gone
You're gone just like that
All the women say
Condit to click and protg
If you write down your name
In his little black
What they might pull
You're from the river
On the end of a hook
He'll change your life
He'll tell you he loves you
But won't believe his wife
That he flips does an old chain
With satanite
That's what it's like
If you're a Gary Skull
God help you if you're Gary Skull
Then prove you're gone
You're gone just like that
See I hope this doesn't take all the fun out of this
For the American public
Because including myself
We want him to have been involved
You know
If you can do it personally himself
Oh wait don't we want him to have done it
Absolutely
Please please
Oh yeah
Because otherwise it takes all the fun
I mean if it's just this deranged
That 20 year old
Whatever the hell that guy's name was
What was his name
I don't know
You know the guy that tried to rape the two other women
But it was very inept
And they both got away in the same park
I thought there was a genuine serial killer
Like two or three
People have actually died
Yeah, I don't know if that's true or not
Because I'm not reading any more about that now
But they're interrogating the guy that they got in custody again
What else is name
I don't know I think
What a loopy okay
Some some holy I don't know
Anyway our pull we're asking today
Which of these phrases or expressions
Is
Be the most redundant
We have 229 votes
That's kind of weak
You know that 229 for this time
Let's see you're a god to some like about 1030
Kind of weak
I'm just judging you know based on this
cheap old Jew which of course was my favorite 51
George dead
A religious fanatic 38
Dumb Redneck 33
Boring baseball game 27
Penafile priest 19
Cheap French Canadian 18
Schwarzer crack-dedict and the Jew-hating Arabartite at 13
Historical old Julio 12
Sully Brit 5 and no rude Dutchman
So I guess what that tells you is that nobody in this audience ever been to Amsterdam
Maybe even my friend Hans Ayn listen today
Anyway getting back to the Taliban can we do that?
Okay, another depressing story from the New York Times today
Virtually the entire senior leadership of al-Qaeda in the Taliban have been driven out of eastern Afghanistan
Are now operating with as many as as a thousand non-Afghan fighters in the Antarctic travel areas of western Pakistan
The commander of American led forces in Afghanistan said today
The commander major general Franklin L. Hagenbach said in an interview that intelligence reports indicated
That the Qaeda and Taliban leaders now in Pakistan were plotting terrorist attacks including car and suicide bombings
To disrupt the selection of a new national government in Kabul next month
We know that they're there and they have a capability of doing harm to this country general Hagenbach said
Our job is to die them the freedom of movement in sanctuary
Though he suggested two months ago that the coalition forces might cross the border and pursue the al-Qaeda and Taliban fighters
General Hagenbach said today that he did not expect that to happen
largely because Pakistan had developed its own plans to drive al-Qaeda to the Taliban from their mountain sanctuaries
Right
But he echoed a concerned voice in Washington that tensions between Indian Pakistan over Kashmir could delay Pakistani military operations in the travel areas
The Pakistan government said last week that intended to move some of its troops from the Afghan border to the Kashmir region
General Hagenbach also said several recent raids and compounds in southern Afghanistan
The Taliban's spiritual base have been intended to break up groups that have been plotting terrorist attacks
Against coalition forces in the Afghan allies
residents of those villages have asserted that the American forces were mistaken about the presence of terrorist groups
And say innocent people have been killed or taken into custody in the raids
General Hagenbach, the commander of the army's 10th mountain division, would not say whether Pakistan had begun pulling back troops from the border
But he expressed confidence that President Perra, Perra, as Mousshar, of Pakistan would fulfill a pledge to eliminate the al-Qaeda and Taliban sanctuaries
In the travel region which historically has resisted the rule of Islamabad
I have no concern that they're not going to do what they said they'll do General Hagenbach said in his office
At this former Soviet base now the headquarters for more than 10,000 Allied troops in Afghanistan
They were interested in reading Western Pakistan about Qaeda he added
With what's currently going on in India, I don't know what the timing is going to be
That's the problem
In other words they got their plate is full
Give that expression kind of like the beast used to use that expression all the time before it got on balance for life
My plate is full
Was it full for long
How's he doing by the way we get any updates is he still alive?
No as a matter of fact we would love to hear from him and how he's doing
Yeah we're concerned about your beast you believe that?
No
He say just woke up dizzy this morning
I see
Maybe he's got that viral thing you know in London they headed this that some of the troops were getting in Afghanistan
That viral infection
That cow
People in some
No not mad cow
Jesus
God
All you know something when you look at the beast you kind of think of like either man cow or mad cow
Man hog
Here's one that says I'd realize you just read Matthew's column
I don't know if you've seen the other stuff from the post and from Matthew's
So
Well
I fact you what was legible there were two other little articles that came along with that facts and they were illegible
Oh I see there was
I already I just got through reading this
But thanks anyway Lauren. Thank you very much. I just got through reading this exact same thing
What she says you did but he facts to me and I did this come before I read that
No
Oh I dropped my pen dammit. Uh-oh
And you know what what it's oh no
Oh
Like just gonna crawl around on the floor and get my pen. I don't want to leave it lay in there. I'll forget about it
Okay forget about it
I'm not gonna forget about it. So thank you very much for Wallace Matthews that he got fired from the post
That's pathetic. I thought this was supposed to be America
I thought that's what this was all about but I guess that the New York Post they don't believe in America
And they certainly don't believe in freedom of speech
York is getting confused with South Florida where we know we don't have freedom of speech
God
Hey, it's brain time again, and that means one thing
It's time to eliminate your carpets of the dirt the germs the dust if you make a long story you short
There's a word that covers all of those things schmutz
If you want to get the schmutz out of your carpets that can cause allergies and they just don't look all
Good in the first place call the experts at dry concepts. I've been using them in my house for over 20 years now
God it's unbelievable a long time
They've been around a long time too and a reason for that being that because they do such as to pen this job
People wouldn't even dream if they ever used dry concepts
They wouldn't dream a clone anybody else and you shouldn't either
Dry concept technicians are school and certified by the institute of inspection cleaning and restoration
They give you written guaranteed the price before they start doing a job. You can't beat him with a stick
Uh, you can clean today entertain tonight because your carpets dry just two hours after they finish the jobs
So don't be fooled by those ripoff artists those 599 specials elite leave your carpets soak for days
And then like I said tack on a gigantic ability into the job
Treat yourself and your carpets to a spring cleaning two day in Broward County called dry concepts at 954
370 778
954 370 778 data Palm Beach column toll free
1 800 2 for 850 710
1 800 2 for 850 710 don't forget guaranteed written price up front
Aesth to pen his job every time and a big smile on your face when they finish the job dry concepts
We're the men and women of the United States Navy
The Neil Roger show on 560
The U.A.
And Miami for learning
Hi the state Goldstein but you can call me Kelsey whenever I'm in town
I listen to wait a minute. I am in town
It's the 12th of 1 hour
dot
He says that free sneaky weasel
Went to be the little eyes
Fable caught on his head he says peace is dead
But he now far even tries
Oh, there's his rain is over time for the chairman to go
Yassos through put him on just blue
Even that you feel old
Well goodbye
Aero fat
Thank your crap and back is that
Get a job when no one dies
Maybe you could do self-priced
Your abilities trouble maker
Quite positive the or is saying
Your moral compass is shot
Now I hope you right just like
South Donald's saying
You're no good if all do
Got a problem making friends
You're a beat-up way and I'll win a day
I bet your knee depends
Will you buy
Aero fat
And your crap and back is bad
Or get a job when no one dies
Maybe you could go self-priced
Fable one at 560 WQAM
One big news
One that bit
Just dumps right out doesn't it
Hello
I'm here. I'm just leaving a long pause a pregnant pause
Oh yeah, just the kind of like ends
Just like that other one all of a sudden like
What was that other one that I played before
The Dion Warwick one right just like fades out like
And that's it
Anyway dog thrown to his death
Barricaded man tosses a dog from 23rd floor
This is sickening
I think what we ought to do is take the guy and toss him from the 23rd floor
Don't you see like tit for tat
You can't say
tat
Melanie left go it staff writer for news day writes this
I love that name Melanie left go it's not a wonderful name
Cutting out again
What do you mean by that I just missed the last two three words you said
Two or three words yeah it was a long one that time
You see what this all boils down to and I wasn't going to get into this
I'm don't let me forget my dog's story I got it right here
I was thinking this during this last break
And that is that if this thing would have been done properly
They had since back in October October
I don't want to start belly again about engineering or management on the year
Anymore than usual so I'll just do it the usual
They had all of that time I rented this place back in the first week in November
You're following this November of last year
So they had all of November all of December all of January all of February they had
For a long ponderous freaking months to get this thing put together
Which the engineers from up here by the way in Toronto did a beautiful job of building it
And it said her and so on and installing all the stuff that we shipped up here to them but
And then coming up here like maybe 10 days ahead of time as opposed to like 10 minutes before the show
But it was still crawling around on their hands and easier Bob Vermuth and fat Julio
Which I'm not blaming them but the fact of the matter is this should have been done well ahead of time
And then we could iron all these bugs out instead of doing a show for three months and then realizing that we're not even in sync
Oh sorry about that, Brianna
Who now wants to be in sync
Apparently no no seriously where they would take us three months to figure that out
And then of course these other bugs with the dropouts and whatever
I'm sure the throws can be worked out
But this should all could all have been done before ever the first show was done from here
So what I'm suggesting since it's the 28th of freaking May
And since the uh
9th of July is supposed to be my first broadcast from Amsterdam
Since we've got all of that time
One would hope that the mistakes of this
Miss of this very sad experiment have been learned by management and of course management
Don't really give a crap as long we get something on here and run the spots
That's all they care about is getting and hoping that there's some big ratings there
You know by by some miracle without any promotion
But that's all they care about but I would hope that maybe our people in engineering might have a little bit more
Something
Than that little more pride although when you're working for beastly card have any pride
See you got me going on that crap again. Sorry trouble maker
I'm sure it's just atmospheric
Yeah, no it's it's not atmospheric what now but I don't have to do with it anyway
Who he was here and he's gonna work on it up to the show he can't do anything well
Well, of course listen don't mess with success man right now while we're we're doing this well right now
And Julio knows damn well what he and I went through yesterday for like uh about two hours of
Craping around him with a phone company on the phone and me crawling around here on the floor
On my hands and knees even my piazza never spent so much time on his knees
But he'll like that
You're gonna start picking my piazza again
Nothing who's making like about 13 million a year
Wouldn't you think if you're making 13 million a year you'd open up a mouth to I guess after maybe another couple of years then he'll come up
A man horrified a high rise filled with dog lovers yesterday when he burricated himself inside his ex-girlfriends 23rd floor apartment in Manhattan
And tossed everything he could think of out the window including a beloved mixed terrier named ribs ribzy
After a two-hour standoff police removed the knife-wielding man John Jefferson
I'm sure no relation to George
43 from the Tribeca building at 12 30 p.m. And took him to Bellevue Hospital Center for a psychiatric evaluation
How do you like that speaking of our engineering problems? I hate this place
Not the works here. No the medications on work. No, I've been here for seven years
Nothing works here. Yeah Bellevue Brian know us
Anyway Jefferson was charged with robbery reckless endangerment possession of a weapon and as a felony
Cruelty the animals
By the time police officers had broken down the door to eugenia Miller's apartment Jefferson had tossed ribzy
Along with an air conditioner computer
TV said closet full of clothing and several other items to a concrete plaza 23 stories below
Ribzy a male terrier was 17 years old
It should have been you a neighbor yelled at jail for cent of five 20 gates Avenue
Inventored sti-vazeta police let him away. You should have jumped instead
Several residents of the building 18 North Moore street were drawn to their windows by the commotion and watched as the dog plummeted to its death
It went right by me. I had to look twice said Barbara Borella
She returned from a walk with her shetland sheep dog named Taylor
You heard the computers go down all the clothing started coming down
Who would have thought the dog was coming down? I started screaming the dog my husband thought I meant this dog
Neighbor said Miller who's 41 I recently suffered a heart attack dated Jefferson for several years
They had one time more engaged to be married
But she recently told Jefferson who neighbors said has a crack habit to leave there. We go at osfars is in the crack again, man
Just like Oprah with her big fat crack problem
There was a lot of strife in the family said she ran azar who lives in a nearby townhouse in his an animal rescuer
I'm a horrified. I used to talk to him and saw so that he loved ribzy
He really did and he was getting his life together. He just had a little crack problem
Police said Miller filed a complaint against Jefferson on Friday night saying he'd broke into our apartment
But we returned about 10 a.m. yesterday
Police said she let him in meaning Saturday
He then pulled out a knife and began threatening her police said she and another neighbor who heard her screaming called 911
And when emergency service unit police officers first knocked on the door Miller was able to escape police said
Well, let his neighbors and Miller's church pastor rally to round her at first trying to protect her from what
Uh
Hearing what happened to a Riley ribzy cautioning everyone in the building. I thought it said Rick Riley
cautioning everyone in the building not to mention until they could figure out how to break the news
I don't even know what happens at Stan Miller. I mean Miller's teenage nephew whom she raised
Stan Miller uh taking care of the dog since it was a puppy added
I just have to be with my mother now
Azar another's brought ribzy's body to a local veterinarian after police without investigating
He'll be buried or cremated after a memorial ceremony depending on the family's wishes
How do you like that, huh?
It's some uh crack induced farts you there and I hate being redundant
Takes and throws all this other crap out the window and a 17-year-old dog
And of course knowing that there's some people out there always try to look on the bright side
They'll say well he was 17 how much longer do you have anyway, right?
At least it wasn't a puppy. I mean, I mean, I'm not I'm not undermining it being the dog lever that I am
But you see if you try to look on the bright side see what I'm saying
Still no, no, I'm not I'm not minimizing
It's grotesque in this son of a bitch this crack-addicted piece of dirt
There are few things in the world that bug me more than crack people
The sick people the obsessive people and they take their goddamn little crack pipes and they
Potsky around and they fart around and they're lighten and they're crawling around on the goddamn floor
No matter where to hand you run into them and they're looking for oh man
Rock down the go to Gibraltar that's what I find a rock
Cracked schfarters it's a it's it's it's unacceptable
Debate about that no
No, how's that doing on our poll by the way not that good either
Not all that good schfarzer crack addicts only got 15 vote
Out of 266. I got one for root Dutchman though finally. Oh, we got one for root Dutchman must be Hans. Oh finally god got on there
Hey, I'm back Hans the coast is clear
No more that heterosexual banner. Okay, we're back to the gay banner that the community loves and is a familiar with
A couple of church stories here that we ought to do this ours since we haven't done really any church stuff
I've been waiting probably disappointed to people out there probably finger
Oh boy, I go off the Amsterdam and he's gonna let us down with all our church stuff
Let me do the break then we'll do little church stuff then we got Kathy Lee throws frank out of the bedroom
Is that from the inquirer of course
Haven't seen that yet super hero nation
Into in touch with your thing about spider-man and Superman and all of these things
Aspirin the oldest new wonder drug
Gonna do I'm gonna do this one first right after the break because I know you hate broccoli
Well, guess what?
Guess what what two things number one. I love broccoli and number two. It's even better for you than we thought
I know it's really good for you and anybody who doesn't like like say broccoli do you ever get like the I guess not
But like the frozen packages like broccoli or cauliflower with cheese sauce. I've seen them around
It's good stuff
You can have my portion. Okay. I love broccoli when I was a little kid when I was a young and stupid
See that's your problem somebody already told me that the Georgia's stupid and I think maybe he's got a point when you're young and stupid
And you don't realize that the stuff is very good for you
And then as you acquire a different kind of taste as you become oh, you know, you can't just stay with the same things
That's what my piazza told me
11 past noon at 560
And by the way, what does that expression mean the tool of ignorance? What is that all about? I don't know
Thinking of a thing in a painting your home or business. Don't paint protect your investment with liquid ceramic
Liquid ceramic the technology born in NASA's pace program is available now in South Florida
That's a good news for you
Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available in the universe
You two can have the same high-tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle protecting your home or building
And you'll never ever have to paint again you heard right liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building
Forget about repainting every few years liquid ceramic won't fade. It won't peel
It's got to be the state of the art coating yields an R24 insulation equivalency helping you bring those electric bills down to
Liquid ceramics available in over 1800 different colors. So check out liquid ceramic today call 305
34751 22 liquid ceramics been manufactured and sold for over 40 years and available right in South Florida as I speak
Call 305 34751 22
That's 305 3475122 or visit them on the net at liquid ceramic dot TV when you call be sure and tell them that old Neil told you to call
You
God where there are no loose
Go straight to hell
On sports radio 560 Q a.m. There's no fact in the church
You
Freeze cat marry that is scary
Because there's still got a bone to bury
Asculot gold chaplain and you'll deny that this is
Happen
Father
Shanley
Father
Shanley
Broken little boys makes him feel manly
He may try to shag you with holy water and fight
Agra
Fly
Fly to the Vatican
They met in roma
Try try try try to wake the pope I think
He's in a coma priest are messing in confession
Tell your sins and they get erections
Just one other thing though who's gone a pole
Who's gone a pole
Who's gone a pole's a ball's at
Thing
Gold
Cross 16 at 560
WQM I guess they probably got enough energy to pull the balls
Chris who says welcome back I tried to listen why you were gone
I like to show when George does it however Joe sucked he makes me sick
He tries hard to be you FM
George doesn't have to do that
I think that George and suds will be perfect next time
Please keep you on the mid-dive when I'm sleeping since Chris
So there's a Joe Bash you run there. That's a good always good to have somebody bash in your ass, right?
Always
Right I said something you didn't hear it. I didn't hear a thing you said
I think you're mumbling again. Mm-hmm. You're mumbling again because we're on it
You just don't you know you don't want to pick on Joe. I mean, I don't know why because when you're not there Joe rips you when ass
Yeah, well, I still love it
Here's another one. It says why does the nothing works here guy sound exactly like christmine glove or marty Mcfly from back to the future
Just an observation Joe and Georgia great, but still miss you. You're welcome back DJ Valentine. Who's that don't know?
What
Yes, then we can start doing that the audience isn't gonna have any idea whether it's real or is it mammary? I hate this place
Nothing works here. Yeah, we know tell something we don't know
Okay, thank you very much, but very little a critique by the way so far of the show with George and Joe
So I'm assuming that means that everybody either was happy and they loved it
Was okay and they're used to it or the people who I haven't turned back then yet
See I'm not so sure was such a good idea and I don't want you to take this the wrong way
But you will anyway because you're so defensive lately and for good reason
But probably wasn't really such a good idea you're doing the show yesterday you and Joe
Okay, should I play the tape see if we'd have had a tape if I mean even even an old crappy tape because there was nobody less than
Anyway, it's Memorial Day, but at least it would have indicated that like I was coming back
You thought of what I'm saying. Hey, it would have been wonderful to play a tape and not come here
But we were supposed to we both well, well, wait a minute when you say you thought we were supposed to based on who who told you that
See, this is the problem and again, Josh and he
Experiences doing a wonderful job my checks came early. I love him
He's he's right on top of the thing with Julio here
He got me in touch with him so we could straighten the phone thing out here and get everything you know
Sounded away this today, which is great, but this goes back to when Duff asked you
When he was still here, right, you know Monday's Memorial Day, but the bottom line was Memorial Day
Nobody was supposed to be working. I mean that's just a given the ass guy. Are you doing a show Memorial Day?
I said, yeah, what's wrong? You're gonna be doing it. And I said yeah, okay. I guess I will let me ask you this question
Did you work last Memorial Day? I don't remember that no back no, do we ever do a show on Memorial Day? No
Fourth of July. No, Labor Day. No Christmas Day. No, New Year's Day. No, those are the ones see hey
We thought we were being troopers. We would have been happy to take the day off. See he's getting defensive
That wasn't the purpose the my the point being which you just you just you want to let it slide by
Just trying to make the point. No, I see your point that at least it gives the indication
Whereas if people who don't want to hear you guys tune in yesterday
They think well kneels gone for another week. They're not listening today
Okay, I know that comes in a great shot
Just like there are people who enjoyed you and they hear me back today
They don't want to hear all this gay banner. They're gone already those people are gone to Joe and George crowd
Except for the one asshole that hung around long enough to fax me the little shot other than that the Joe and George header up
Sexual crowd they're gone
They're gone. It's just kneeling is a mighty cornice now. That's all that's right
That gay banter
Well, we'll never make that mistake again. Okay, but gay banner evidently is big these days judging from the reaction that might piazza story
How come it couldn't be like a Tom Brady? How that would have been an interesting story Tom Brady says he's gay that would be
Fantasy, I think oh, by the way speaking of that. I don't want to get in any more gay banner except to mention
You know what day of the week it is today Tuesday, right now in Robert's home
I'm sure Robert don't watch small village beneath him to watch that right in
Edition which Robert will be watching the hockey game tonight anyway, right?
Go canes go oh
Oh, how sad
If the canes are playing how come we don't have it
How come we're not carrying the game I'm sure you're asking Robert right
Um
We don't want we don't want week's the on there you know seriously how come we're not carrying it at least on one of our subsidiaries on some other
Horseball station that doesn't have anything else to put on don't we generally do that and by the way since I've been gone for a few days
Who is doing and please don't please don't tell me who's doing her a coup in sports now now that mark van demure's officially gone as of the end of April who's
Been named no comment
Tore's a guy oh no no, please please oh now I know why we're not carrying the baseball game that answers my question
So we have the South Florida professional at least close to a baseball team against the red tonight
We don't have any hurricane baseball and some of us with a little bit better taste than Robert will be watching the Leafs and Carolina tonight
Anyway getting back to my broccoli business
Don't give yourself an ulcer eat broccoli this from CNN.com broccoli and broccoli sprouts contain a chemical that kills the bacteria
Responsible for most stomach cancer say researchers confirming the dietary advice that moms have been handing out for years. You know dr
Mom
Like your mom with her bad hemorrhage oh god
Well sulfur a thing killed helicol
Helicopter pilots killed how how you say that
Helicobacter pylori oh yeah, I know what that h that's h pylori
Remember that time when I had all those tests and I had to give the stool samples
And I thought I had stomach cancer and I was having all those pains
That's h pylori they have a test for that a bacteria that causes stomach ulcers and often fatal stomach cancers
And the good news is there appears to be enough of it in broccoli sprouts and some varieties of broccoli
The benefit people with the vegetables the levels at which we tested it are such that those could be achieved by eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts
It's a reasonable level that we think should be reached in the stomach said jad wfahey of the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine
The findings are reported in today's issue of the proceedings of the National Academy of Science which of course all of us read religiously
I feel quite comfortable suggesting people eat more fruits and vegetables specifically cruciferous vegetables
Why do you have to bring religion into it?
Doesn't that what happened to Jesus he got cruciferide
That's what re-fried specifically cruciferous vegetables specifically broccoli phase said no relation to bill phase
We know what safe and healthy we know sulfur a fein is effective in protecting against cancers
Dr. Paul Tallah a co- now have we talked about him before we've had his name on
I don't remember his name. I just know that name
Dr. Paul Tallah a co-researcher at Johns Hopkins and previously reported sulfur a fein is an effective
anti-cancer agent and the new studies extended that worked to the bacteria that causes stomach cancer and ulcers
In the lab the scientists found that sulfur a fein even killed helico back to that was resistant resistant to commonly used antibiotics
study like that so
broccoli is not already good for you
But it's even stronger than antibiotics
They also showed it can kill the bacteria whether it's inside or outside cells and people the bacteria can hide in cells
Lining the stomach make me more difficult to get rid of the infection said fey the studies
Concentrated on mice and the researchers will not seek to determine if the same effect occurs in humans
Oh
Is going to be out for a while with a much I threw the that was the chronic David Jeff Heiss the neighbor that keeps facts
I mean penis stuff. Hey get off the penis crap already. Will you David?
Fact
Big penises and small penises. I was just an Amsterdam. Okay, David. I don't need any affections about penises. I saw my share
So how do you like this about broccoli sulfur a fein has been shown to have anti-cancer properties
But the amount present varies widely among varieties of broccoli
And they're doing research to develop varieties of broccoli with higher levels of the chemical
They're working on it but at the meantime it can't hurt
Well, a little broccoli George. You can't hurt. I wish I could keep it down
You know how I don't mind broccoli is like raw and a salad
Yeah, so much wrong with that nothing you know the balance for life stuff has that in it all the time and I eat that
Well broccoli. Yeah, so then don't give me this crap about you know like black. They don't start sound like the
George Herbert Walker bush leave that to rob it. Okay
Yeah, George Herbert Walker Bush who was supposed to be the leader okay who besides saying read my lips and look at what a
Sniveling a wimp I am also said the broccoli sucks
It sucks
It does not suck broccoli is damn good stuff man
And that next you're gonna be telling me that Nestle's turtle sucks and I'm not eating no Nestle's turtle
They see you think you're gonna get me all whipped up into a frenzy and I'm gonna go out and I have another relapse
Please don't and you might have a point
But I'm not and you want to know why I'm not why because I don't want to go back to all that pain with my back in my
Really act all that stomach stuff because I would love to go and have some of that Thai food again, but I can't eat Thai food ever again
Can't do it
Sally I just can't I mean the tie and I realized that you can go into a Thai restaurant order from the menu and you can you know
You can say my older don't you stuff like that but then with the milder it is the less tasted has so what's the point?
What would be the point in that none?
That would that would be a little bit like going out and getting a pint of Ben and Jerry's fish food and sucking on the cardboard and just not eating the ice cream
I would be the point in that none
Talk about a tease man
Nothing worse than sucking on cardboard. That's what my piazza says
Law suits and prosecutions take legal matters out of churches hands
Long trusted to quietly resolve its own problems the Roman Catholic Church in the US is being forced in the unfamiliar realm of the courts
By the fear over allegations of sexual abuse by priests
Nationwide multi-million dollar lawsuits are forcing church leaders to turn over records and in the case of Boston's
Cardinal law
Testify under oath about what they knew and when there's the possibility of criminal prosecution for church
Superior's who may have looked the other way
Until recently lawsuits by leds victims usually were settled quietly out of court and police and prosecutors
Often were content to give church officials leeway to handle discipline internally lawyer said in the past
There was a minimum level of scrutiny to anything the church did because it was presumably acting in the best interest of people said the Reverend Raymond
CEO Brian a Catholic University law professor and a parish priest the sex abuse scandal now has changed everything he be saying
Although the civil lawsuits seek money damages from the church some lawyers for leds victims are now passing their findings on to
Criminal prosecutors all right
Prosecutors also are increasingly willing to begin their own investigations
And if demanded records on potential abuses from several church administrators criminal charges probably are inevitable for church
Highrups who knew of child abuse and fail to report it or who are shown to have covered up for a pedophile
Lawyer said which is outstanding news to us including cardinal law who ought to be doing 10 to 20 right now
Who by the way your president the Robert supports a whole heartedly and enthusiastically just like you patted the Pope on his children said don't fall fall down pops
Nobody's perfect
Yeah, and believe me he's working hard to prove it
But he sure has an engaging grin
1227 at 560 wqm summertime is here already believe me. It's 182 degrees in the shade in between the rain
Is it still raining?
Look out the window George look out the map. Look at my window. It's sunny and beautiful here
Anyway, Oliomet is a product that will make you feel your best and keep you in good health no matter how hot are you met?
It gets in South Florida and believe me they say this summer it's going to be like a furnace like an oven
Oh, sorry Robert. Goodness said oven
Oliomet is a soft-tailed capsula contains pharmaceutical great olive oil along with vitamins minerals and herbals
Component health for all different aspects of your body for your prostate
There's a separate product for your heart for your blood pressure or cholesterol
Oliomets also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system
Your digestive and endocrine system your skin and bones even your mind all using the benefits of the best olive oil and money can buy
Don't forget Oliomets got products for guys and for you ladies out there as well
Oliomets available at Walgreens whole food markets the Barrel Pharmacy in Sedan is it's a stupendous exciting new product
If you'd like to learn more about Oliomet how it works and what it does for you just call them tool free
They'll answer your questions call 1 866 Oliomet that's 1 866 OLEO MED
We can also order their products on their website
Like they're my nationality
You a yes, hey, yes, oh hey world. I'm back. No, that old thing about diarrhea. Just let it run its course
Oh
Suzy you gotta do something about that diarrhea
Today I did what was right from my body. I took a motor
Why summer when a modium a. D can stop diarrhea safely and gently often in just one dose you need two
Sources believe me
Okay, 1231 at 560 WQ and what are some really interesting factors here including this one that goes you see a one that goes on and on and on for pages
Yeah, make any sense
But at the these people I have like their own newsletter
I don't I just don't get but at the top of this one he writes it by the way
Joe is soft soft as a bag of marshmallows. Please no more Joe and then it's got like a bunch of z's you know
Kind of like
Like the beast
So Joe's starting to think a little a heat from the audience out there which is good because that'll toughen him up a little bit
There's nothing worse than a guy who thinks he's gonna be a talk show with within skin Joe just keep that in mind
What? No, I just reaching back there. Okay, the fact is off of there. It's good exercise man
If you could see you'd be very impressed with this thing and not the fact that we're on the same wavelength today
This is this is
Phenomenal I was just telling Julio during the break
What did that tell whatever they do when they correct the line and fix the problem?
Please don't go back to the way it was with the no way no chance
Tell him tell him I'll be sick for a long time like for the rest of the summer if that happens because I don't
I don't want to go back to that way that when you hear the difference between the way this is and at momentary like
It's always like everything was a half second apart. It was driving me nuts
I'd have a headache by the end of the show right and I couldn't hear a goddamn thing
You were saying which it's not bad enough you mumble to begin with but then on top of that the half second delay
And I'm always saying what is it?
Like I'm like I'm having rush limbaugh does he's all of a sudden like I'm getting deaf
What what anyway? Here's the fact
This is Neil Mohaward read the same post column the writer was fired for last week
And then went on to read an email from a listener that suggested an unnamed bed in the gossip item was robby
Alamar since it has been rumored for years that he was gay because he dated a tennis player question mark
Yes, that rumor has been going around Brady Anderson Robby on somebody called right after that and said how are
Aren't you doing the same thing the gossip communist did aren't you broadcasting an upstate unsubtantiate rumor about a baseball player
Which most said no no no you don't understand we're talking about the bigger picture here
Should a player sexuality come in a question blah blah blah and listen or hammered him at least two more times until most said
Well, maybe you're right. I see your point into the call my chair is still wet says Todd from Hollywood
Of course, I'm doing it again in spreading rumors
Well PSI love George and Joana here if they had two tits between them. I'd marry one of them. Well, how do you like that?
Well, sorry, I only have one oh
And based on the last couple of faxes. I don't think George Joe has got any
So Joe started to take a little bit of he's boring. What was the other one that said he's something come in to soft soft. He's very soft
Here's one from Yale and Marco Islander says in one of the shows last week George's partner that's Joe
Advised is that he loves hip hop and would attend the upcoming festival like I said man between his stock car racing and his goddamn hip hop
Never like that Joe to begin with
After throwing up I gathered enough strength to turn the radio off this guy makes George look great welcome back
Bit of a double shot there. Yeah
He loves hip hop. Oh my god
He's got some very strange taste, you know that
Yeah, I do know that. I mean, I love Joe Castell is a good guy
But he is got very peculiar besides being a Yankee fan, which I mean that that alone, you know puts him into a category that makes him repulsive in some ways
But uh other than that and plus Christina Aguilera. He's into the mousey look. I'm surprised he's not gonna have the hots for Maria Bartiromo
Maybe he hasn't seen her maybe just can't handle the heavy bags all the baggage
Here's one that says I found the George and Joe combo very entertaining. Maybe they can get their own show Bob
P.S. Glad you're back. Thank you Bob. I'm glad to be back too. They might believe it. No sure
I am I'm still on vacation, but I'm right here in Toronto right you're not sunny. It's beautiful. I'm not back
You're back there right I'm back here
Got off the planet Pearson and by the way, I should point out that we were supposed to land here at the 410 p.m. On Sunday
Got off about 45 minutes late because of that usual well
We got some late baggage to put on it said her and so on landed. Guess what time 410 p.m. You could have sit your life on it
How do you like that? Huh? How often does that happen?
I was here in my joint by a before five o'clock in the afternoon. It was sensational. Oh beautiful
Weather warmed up just in time for me coming back all week long. It's looking like it's gonna be beautiful
Sounds great to me
We got Jim Mandage coming up in one now. What's what was this story last week was anybody else out because I noticed that the mode this morning
Said everybody's back. I guess just because of the holidays pretty much
Everybody was there because I know when I left we had Joe was doing a gym and Jim was doing Joe
And then there were all those rumors about Joe wants to go back on a year again. I'll kind of stuff going on
Oh, guess who I talked to from Amsterdam. Norma can't oh, I forgot to tell you this. This is gonna make your day
This will make your day and I haven't even got to Kathy Lee bands Frank from the bedroom yet
or the thing about the
proposed TV show with Bubba and Monica Lewinsky is guest
Bill and Monica TV reunion blockbuster question mark all America would be watching
This is in the inquirer is this from the star nothing choir
So you know there must be something to it or not
So Norma Kent calls me the misguided one the one who just can't find his real place in life the one who really believes he's a broadcaster
To to get my feeling just to feel me out. He's been offered. He's
accepted
There's who knows who's paying for it on FT all the light bulb and our day
Between 10 and 11 a.m. To broadcast. They're underwriting it and paying them a big chunk of money to talk about HIV insurance
Uh-huh an infomercial right
10 to 11 a.m. Everyday for like a year or something like that which I mean after you talk about it the first hour
I don't know what you say about after that, but nevertheless you say it again. He'll take the money
Now you do understand 10 to 11 a.m. This is my attorney who represents me
Sounds like your conflict of interest to me
Oh
Right
I said Norma have a good time sweetheart. Just uh, you know do your thing
You don't get all my face threatened by that. Did I mention by the way about I started to mention small film and Robert
Went into a thing about he was watching the hurricane or some stupid crap like that right never did finish now
Tonight's Tuesday now is at 9 o'clock. I do believe
See I get confused because the global shows it on one night at I guess that's tomorrow night at 8
Well, I don't have to watch it tonight. I can watch it tomorrow night on global. I got the TV guide right here at my fingertips
I'm gonna be immersed in my maple leaves in the Carolina Huracunes. Oh
Is that what he was talking? Oh wait a minute women. I get confused. Those are the correct coins
Oh, you were talking about the hockey coins
The Hockoons
See when he said go Huracunes
I wasn't even thinking because there's so many teams that are named Huracunes
We got treated we got a whole bunch of teams named Huracunes
So you're rooting for Carolina
Go weeksy. No, I'm basically can you weeksy ain't playing okay? We see ain't playing
He's busy picking watermelon seeds. He ain't playing go ahead. I care
Yeah, right. He's just to be country just to be a prick
There's Robert. He's getting even with all the bush bashing now. His comment is go Carolina
You have well, why would anybody root for Carolina?
Anybody
I can't even imagine now looks like Carolina and Colorado now at least they both begin with a seal given that
Carolina Colorado and the stand-in cup finals my god talk about a death male for the sport
Man, yeah, but that's right. I'm the mention and maybe some of her Roberts not so distant relatives actually grew up in a hills up there
Raleigh or in like in the environs
Yeah, yeah, so did you look up in your TV guide is a night clock nine o'clock at it to repeat. Oh, it's a repeat
Well, I've seen it then that it's okay a corrupt cop course is Clark and adjoining forces with him
No, I haven't seen that
Well, then it's new to I haven't seen it either so it's new to both of us all right. Let's hear it for small, Bill
Baby all right and the lovely Tom Welling now when's he coming out?
out of what
hiding I'll tell you what if that ever happened on that they'd have to sedate me you know how we have the
Sevation exactly the sedation Dennis they'd have to sedate Neil
21 before a
Getting tongue tied now just get back quit with the gay batter and get back to doing your radio show stop with all the goddamn hysteria with all this
the illusions of Grandeur
Tom Welling wouldn't give you oh, but the Norma can't speak out of that did I remember I told you about how we met him out there and
Shootin in Vancouver. That's what he said was shooting it
I think it was one of Norma's hallucinations bad acid trip or maybe a bad weed
315 votes on the pool. That's a little more like it which of these the phrases or expressions are the most redundant
cheap old jews 67 which of course George came up with that for obvious reasons dumb redneck 54 religious fanatic for a 52
boring baseball game 33 good one cheap french Canadian 28 petafile priest 24 hysterical old Julio 19
schwarz or crack addict 16 Jew hating Arab 16 silly Brit 5 and rude uh Dutchman's only got one also the belief
And I know which one it is to the one nearly killed me on the tram just practically pushed me right off the edge on the dam rack
415 60 WQM if you want to go out to a great restaurant
I mean we got a lot of restaurants in South Florida. They're pretty good some that are better than others
But one that's really great and I use that term very sparingly
Armadillo cafe is definitely in that category. They've been around in town for a long time for the past 14 years in a row
They've been voted one of the best restaurants in Broward and that's because they really are they're an institution in town
And now they're in a great uh better location better because it's easier to get to because they got tons of free parking
There were 3,400 South University drive just south of 595 and Davy right in the pizza lot class of there behind
Here what imports the food is out of this world start out with an appetizer like the tequila grilled shrimp with corncakes try the tempura island princess
Conk try one of their terrific spinach salads with glazed pecans with a pistachio crested mozzarella salad with lemon basil dressing
So even if you're like watching your weight you can go there and try any of the phenomenal salads that they've got
They're out of this world and the entrees are all prepared with the best and freshest ingredients like the pan-seared yellowtail snapper with roasted peppers
Try the sea bass with sweet corn and veal glaze the roasted portini mushroom dusted
Oh man out of this world grilled tenderloin of ostrich with goat cheese and smashed potatoes in port wine and
Sun-dried cherry sauce and if that doesn't turn you on wait till you get to the dessert
The armadillo cafe's creme brulee is the best you've ever had in the world no matter how many places you've been
And I never had these but every time I read it it gives me goosebumps warm chocolate fritters covered in hot and hot fudge
Out of this world call armadillo cafe for reservations for real feast 954 423 99 54
That's 954 423 99 54 check them out on their website if you're like at armadillo cafe.com
Be sure and tell them that only you'll send you by for a feast
If anyone on to see this video is getting a company doesn't want your offer
And a cap like we nice and 10 on sports video 560
Q a m holy
Mackenna this is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
Tonight on Fox it's celebrity boxing three r2d2 versus Stephen Hawking
Now bye-bye you will overgrown by a breaker
Now we're not in the face the rock versus mini me
Already for it
Oh
Freaking idea 245 at 560 wq am I apologize to Robert for getting all confused before when I was talking about the hockey game tonight
You said her coons and I thought it was the baseball thing because I heard this morning on the update
They were talking about the hercune baseball team made it to the um something the regionals
Yes, they did see and I thought you were talking about her cune baseball because her coons
I mean like is there really a hockey team name that no not really
Here's the facts that says Joe blows. He's brain liboy a lot of a lot of heat on Joe today
He's taking some real abuse and guess what the good news is. I bet he's listening right now. Don't you think?
I don't know usually doesn't get up till four. No, no you don't understand. He didn't work last night. Oh, that's right
See this is really even though it's Tuesday
It's more like Monday because it's a day that he didn't work so like Monday every now and then he would come in in the morning and like
Visitors and Mondays and be sociable for a couple months. He won't be doing that anymore in the future after these faxes
But anyway, so he might be listening right now, which is good knock him down a few pegs
Don't let him get a big swell head, you know
Think he's a big shot with an overnight show where liban. I don't even have enough people listening to filafone booth
I mean, it's nice. You got that number in air and he's working very conscientiously at it
And he's trying to build something that's good, but let's face it anybody. It says he likes hip hop
It says Joe blows. He's brainless putting him in George back-to-back made George look like a genius. Well, there you go
See now like that show
There you go see how I bailed you out you were right on the ropes right on the edge
Hey in the celebrity boxing and I bailed your ass out just when they thought you were out
I drag you back in. I'll never question your judgment again. Joe, have you ever heard the audience? Shut up
Joe pills to the audience who missed the callers and hate you reading the people who oppose thinking
Please keep Joe where he belongs overnight with his sports morons. Thanks is a lady in Hollywood. How do you like that Joe?
Yeah
Not a rousing endorsement from the audience on the Joe factor there
You say why you're not gonna say much. I love Joe
We're not talking personal. This is this is business. We're not talking personal
I like Joe. I like the job that he does on the air
Yeah, I always thought that I mean this isn't the first time you guys it on the show together
But the way these factors are implying and maybe these people haven't heard that before but quite a few of them they don't like it
Good
Although in the past before he had his own show, maybe he was like less uh prominently involved if you get my drift
Yeah, and so now in other words that he's like stepping out and kind of like being more of a part of the show now
They get to understand that he's like a boring. They don't like that
Well, what can I say my mother says all you talk about is sex
She never misses a minute. That's right and just like Rimmer can't stand you on the air
Did you talk about Mo exhibit
The
I don't know what I'm talking about this and Hank talked about
It's amazing to me all is just like this giant closet audience that I've had all these years
I got them there out there right now
They would never admit to anybody that listen to this show and your Rogers is the anti-Christ all those terrible things
He says about religion. He's a faggy's this and they're listening right now
Everybody in that goddamn town black white purple in between Yahoo redneck Jews hold
whatever the LAR holios they're all listening right now you're not fooling
anybody you're not fooling this old queen I'll tell you that right now I've been
around the world a little bit the politics of sexual misconduct this is from
yesterday's boss or Sunday's Boston Globe excuse me by I mean McNamara the
politics of sexual misconduct in the Roman Catholic Church around display in the
case of Archbishop Rember G. Wieckland demonstrating that neither the right nor
the left has quoted the market on hypocrisy it took the Vatican less than 24
hours to expedite the resignation of the Milwaukee Archbishop after we
acknowledge paying for a hundred and fifty thousand dollars to a man who
accused the mosexual assault and allegation to prolethenize the single victim
in Milwaukee if he is one was an adult unlike the scores of children who've
accused priests in Boston of molestation in their archbishop of
complicity for a serial cover-ups of their crimes why no comparably speedy
action on the part of Pope John Paul the tooth to accelerate the retirement
of Cardinal Law at age 70 is only five years younger than Wieckland who's
reached my deterber retirement age consistency is the standard for the
Pope's pronouncements and matters of faith and morals so Wieckland's
quick demise in law stubborn hole could not have anything to do with the fact
that the former has been a thorn in the Vatican side at least as long as the
latter's been a reliable champion could it
while for criticism by conservative Catholics his advocacy of a myriad clergy
the ordination of women in a greater role for the leity undermine the teachings
of the church the Vatican for bad a Dominican run university in Switzerland
the grant Wieckland an honorary degree after he invited women to a meeting
to share their views on birth control and abortion the Pope cannot be
surre to see him go law by contrast is the most conservative Cardinal in the
U.S. with a record of enforcing orthodoxy slapping down the Senate
marginalized in the leity while offering churches as staging areas for assaults
on women's health clinics by such anti abortion extremists as operation
rescue the Pope must be reluctant to lose him but the question of
consistency is not the Vatican's alone the Wieckland resignation forces
progressive Catholics to face the dilemma that confronted liberals in the
cases of President Clinton and former Republican Senator Bob Packwood
Horagon Clinton was impeached for a sexual misconduct with a White House
intern and Packwood was forced to resign for sexual harassment the
work placements conduct for which both men were condemned as an
anathema to liberals but approved difficult for made to denounce either
man because of their political support for gay rights pay equity reproductive
rights family leave and other causes the left holds dear Wieckland has been
one of the highest ranking champions of change in an increasing the conservative
church hierarchy he was a rare sign of hope for reform-minded Catholics who
not see more said than angry at his precipitous fall from grace the
ambulance can be explained in part by the ambiguous nature of the accusation
against him Paul Marquo was 31 in 1979 a graduate student theology when he
claims Wieckland sexually assaulted him the archbishop was 52 Marquo did not
bring his charges until 1997 and when he did Wieckland denied them but then
paid $450,000 to buy his silence in a lane attempt itself justification
Wieckland said he had earned more than that amount in speaking fees that he
had turned over to the arts diocese an 1980 letter from Wieckland to Marquo
released last week reads like nothing so much as a misive of love and heart
break in it Wieckland tells Marquo that he expects to be ridiculed by him for
returning to his vow of celibacy and that he cannot supplement with church
funds the $14,000 in personal funds he had given him to finance a video
project Marquo might be an assault victim or he might be a spurned lover but
Wieckland at the very least put the protection of his privacy ahead of the
needs of his flock and abused his power by either seducing or abusing a
younger man susceptible to his power and influence he's now paying the price
for his misjudgment when will law be a kind of accountable for his as
early McNamara and a Boston Globe this weekend another excellent article that
lobes on a spectacular job blowing to let off this old thing and just get
blows I think is a very good way to put it it blows a lot of blowing going on
wise lady once told us remember her at i.o.d if you blow too much you're in
trouble what she said I think she may have had a point how you doing Terry where
is she these days is she still a where is she what is she doing I'm not sure
she'll call well we wish you the best yeah call in Terry won't take your call
or anybody else's but at least we appreciate it 1252 we did take that one
call that a boy sounded great it almost inspired me to take like another one
or two you know I might just do that when we come back all over 1252 at five
sixty wq we got the mad dog at one o'clock the hysterical how the angry puppy if
you're tired of hassles with the cellular service to your tear to that fifty
dollar a month plan that you thought you were getting which winds of cost you
hundreds of dollars a month they get on the team with team cell tech at
cell tech communications your authorized next-to-represented for over 25
years cell tech has been providing self-loader with the best service they
can they they can they take the hassle away from dealing with a cellular
company not to mention the expense and right now next-to-reward plan allow
you to share 4,000 monthly minutes with free incoming calls for just 54.99
cell tech's got a stupendous selection of other plans no matter what your
budget with most including free incoming calls nationwide long distance
caller ID voice mail and next-to-resonique direct connect to a radio feature
to so whether it's one phone a thousand of resilient take it from me in their
very own starting quarterback these spokesman J. Feeder who's all over the
place cell tech communications your authorized next-to-represented is the only
smart way to go call 1-800 cell tech to today and get yourself connected
that's 1-800 CELT EC and the number two cell tech communications
and I said throw out the first pitch
no you know but I met some nice women I met a woman nice girl speaks eight
languages nice part is she can't say no in any of them so oh you know I still
like to stay fit I went out jogging just the other morning I tripped and dog
gone of the fell right in the river and this little kid comes swimming over to
me and drags me out and I said how can I thank you when he said well how about a
new wheelchair I said well he sure don't look handy cap you said I will be when
my dad finds out I saved your ass
I'm glad I got a talk show here you know it hasn't been easy to talk though I've
had a little problem with my voice so I went to a specialist and I asked the
doctor the best way to stop losing my voice he said stop eating your words
well here's something where you know I went skiing out west and I'm looking in
the snow there and I see someone had relieved themselves and written Clinton
must die in the snow so I called the cops and then they took a sample of that
yellow snow and called me the next day and they said Mr. Clinton that yellow
snow belonged to one of your best friends Al Gore and I said dying I knew I
couldn't trust him what could be worse than that and they said it was Hillary's
handwriting
don't go away we'll be right back
can't wait for that show puts wobblers place I guarantee it and forget the
Super Bowl forget the Oscars get ready for the biggest TV event ever Bill and Monica
together again it's in the acquirer so there must be maybe something to it or not
instant hit possible are you interrupting again not me no wonder Joe sounded so bad
you know it probably wouldn't let him get a word in edge wise probably every time
he started talking about hockey you cut him off I know how that works powerful
friends of the former president have been quietly exploring the possibility of
reuniting the notorious couple on the small screen the inquiries learned
exclusively this will generate the highest ratings in the history of television
declared inside or close to the situation while Clinton has denied numerous
reports that he's negotiating for zone TV show the inquire has learned that
he's still very interested in the possibility what's more high-powered Hollywood
pals are actively pursuing a TV deal for him Clinton could certainly use the
money that a hit TV show would generate while he's burning millions and
leaving the president's East
