I'm a woman, DIY, as you see, hey, yes!
She's a bush girl from a good moral family.
A royal dynasty who knows what's best for us.
A good and decent girl, just like Ann Pulter,
who's a drunk hill poplin' party, and republick in slum.
With your savings!
A American girl with a mom made a lumbar from a third world,
who's a no-rent thief, a tiny waltzer,
cause that is a governor, and her co-be uncle is a planter and cheater.
With your savings!
A good Christian family with integrity.
A right-wing example of how we all should be.
A good Christian family with integrity.
A good Christian family with integrity.
They both turn 21, so now it's official.
They can like, present and bush is twin daughters,
who've had brushes with a law for underage drinking turn 21 today.
Marking their birthday in Texas and looking to stay clear of the spotlight.
Both Barbara Bush and Wattenziell University and Jenna
student at the University of Texas at Austin,
were in their home state and in advance of a Thanksgiving family celebration.
The president and the First Lady plan to celebrate the Wednesday's birthday
during the holiday weekend of White House officials said,
how do you like that?
Are you going to be there for the party?
I told them, call us when the party started.
Barbara and Jenna Bush have drawn unwelcome headlines over the past years for
alcohol-related episodes.
It made 2001 police in Austin cited both of them for violating state
alcoholic beverage laws.
Police accused Barbara Bush of being a minor in possession of alcohol and
Jenna Bush of misrepresenting her age for allegedly trying to use false
ID to buy alcohol, but no more!
The class today, they're both 21.
And they can both wreak up a storm and you know what, I'm sure they will.
Well, we pulled a little swish on you all over the weekend.
On the unsuspecting audience out there, we started out with a poll.
The reason I switched the poll on Friday afternoon is because I looked at that
poll and I thought, you know, we've done this, been there, done that.
You know, I've done this before.
Too many times.
And you already know what the result's going to be anyway.
Does TV show too much nudity and indecent material?
This wasn't responsibly victorious, equit, uh, New Ha Ha.
If you're offended by any show, change the F in channel stupid.
60% of the audience, 309, said that out of 515.
Hell no, I want to see much more 112 desperate, oh, said that.
Too much violence, not enough sex, 63.
Yes, it needs to be stopped.
21 people said it needs to be stopped.
Too much sex. Too many nipples.
And nine people said no, just about the right amount.
Tickled a death here from Paul Harvey, Jr., you know something on Friday?
Showed his two colors.
You were right, rich, packed here and two bad Georgia's off this week.
Because for once I'd have to tell him he had his thumb right on it.
He was right.
Paul Harvey, Jr., is a major asshole.
Calls in after we begged, you know, we got a little Joey to call in.
Some voices from the past.
I think there was one other one.
And then Paul Harvey, Jr., he wasn't listening.
Well, I listened to Tony Bruno.
And I hear you after him right all the way to the end.
Didn't know that the thanks for calling Lady had passed away.
Didn't know anything that's going on in the show.
This is the same guy that thought Christina Moran was a great hockey announcer.
Paul Harvey, Jr., you're out, sweetheart.
You're dead meat.
Now here's the second pool we took.
And it's real interesting to me to go to show you the kind of audience we've got.
We've got a big audience out there, the problem being that they're just, I don't know.
They're never happy.
They're never satisfied.
It's a typical South Florida syndrome.
No matter what you do, wow, we don't like this.
And we don't like that.
See, if Larnas Limbaugh, just to use an example, if he took a pool among his audience of millions and millions of ditto heads,
I guarantee 98% would say, even if we disagree with you, we like it just fine.
Don't change a thing.
It's just the way it is.
Not in this crowd.
We asked it, I'd like Neil show better if, and then we gave you some choices.
Let's see, 610 said, I like it fine now.
That's 74.4% out of 819.
But that leaves over a quarter of the audience.
It's got a problem.
For example, if he was religious, 22 people, 2.6% said, if I was religious, I'd like to show better.
A gut about it.
Right.
If he was nice, you'd a mo, 49 people, 5.8% said, if he was nice, you'd a mo, we'd like him better.
A gut about it.
We'd draw the line at 9.
Don't forget about that, okay?
No chance.
If he was straight, 51, 6.1%, you think that's going to happen?
A gut about it.
Right.
And my favorite, which got the greatest response here, in terms of if we could just change to please those people in the audience,
if he wasn't so liberal, 91 people, almost 11% said, if I weren't so liberal, they'd like to show better.
Well, guess what?
A gut about it.
Yeah, forget about that too.
Very, very sad.
This is the prerequisite for being on the year in America today.
You have to be right-wing and hope the further the right, the better.
The bigger your numbers are going to be.
That's why we're going to do this poll today just to see if there's anybody out there who's not to the right of a till of the hunt.
And no matter what the result of the poll is going to be, a gut about it.
I'm not just selling out just to please handful of assholes in the audience.
Okay.
Oh, if you just more conservative, if you just suck up to the president a little bit more, no.
Isn't going to happen.
I get paid the same regardless.
Here's the poll question today.
How do you rate yourself politically?
Very liberal, fairly liberal, independent, fairly conservative, very conservative like Miguel, or not into politics at all.
I think we covered all the bases there, don't you?
Sure.
Did we touch them all?
Don't pretend like you're on the outside of this thing.
We know where you're coming from.
We saw your card.
How do you rate yourself politically?
Very liberal, fairly liberal, independent, fairly conservative, very conservative like Miguel, or not into politics at all.
And that's the poll.
So we'll see.
We'll see if there's any hope.
I don't think so.
I think the party's over.
Been Lodin tapes found in Valley House.
Indonesian police yesterday found video recordings of speeches by Osama Yamama and other extremist Islamic propaganda at two houses once reddened by the alleged mastermind of last month's bombings in Valley.
The discovery appeared to strengthen growing suspicions that Islamic radical sympathetic to bin Laden's al-Qaeda terror network were behind the October 16 blast that killed nearly 200 people, mostly foreign tourists, mostly Australians.
Officers also on earth an empty cartridge for an M16 assault rifle or one of the two houses near Solo City Central Java local police Lieutenant Colonel Bombang Hamaru said.
Hamaru said the houses were once reddened by Imam Samudra, the top suspect in the bombings and several of his alleged accomplices.
Samudra was arrested Thursday at a very poor on the western tip of Java.
Police say he's confessed to planning the bombings and that he also received military training in Afghanistan.
We found recordings of speeches by Osama Yamama bin Laden and military training clips featuring Arabs said sergeant Waihono who like many Indonesians uses only one name.
Did you know that only Indonesians lot of moldy use one name.
Officers also recover several militant Islamic magazines that take record in a computer at the state news agency in Therese.
So there you go. The fine finger of Osama Yamama is right in there.
And then of course these Saudis see that's where we ought to be bombing.
I was going to do that pull question today. I'll save it for tomorrow.
Who we ought to be attacking first and foremost ought to be Saudi Arabia.
We ought to be over there bombing a re-eyed back into the stone age. They don't have far to go and just put kind of a big hose.
We already got our base over there. Just took up a big hose so Americans can have like 25 cent of gallon gasoline.
And we wouldn't have to be worried about Christians for against this UVs and all this other bull crap.
That's what we ought to be doing. And of course they got all these excuses and they got the schmatte heads coming on there talking real soft.
You know, who the hell you people kidding over there at Saudi Arabia? Not kidding this kid. I'll tell you that.
Scumbags. But before we get into that basketball scrimmage at church center turns violent.
One player shoots another and Milwaukee.
This of course right intended with the abhorrent behavior in Columbus, Ohio.
I was very pleased. I had to say this Mr. Mayor dog. I was pleased. I saw the end of that Ohio State Michigan game on Saturday.
I was ecstatic to see Ohio State win that game. It was a beautiful thing.
Didn't you like it? Why is that? Why did you enjoy that so much?
Because I went to Michigan State. I hate Michigan. By the way, do you see the Penn State Michigan State score?
What was it? 161 to 7 something like that? That was close.
Yeah, we stink and we see we don't care. Michigan meanwhile has got real service.
They got those NCAA problems going on now and they lose to Ohio State in a big game.
Oh, man dogs going to be in spite of the daughter when yesterday he's going to be hanging his head big time like Tom Dooley today.
Speaking of football, man, I'm still sick to my stomach from that dog that the New England game yesterday.
Even though we won. Man, New England Paul. What can I tell you? Tommy Brady played good. He looked pretty good to me.
But boy, oh boy, they just try to make it exciting. It's always got to be exciting. They never want to blow anybody out.
When it doubt, let's blow them out. Now let's make it exciting. Let's tear your guts out.
A basketball scrimmage among teenagers at a church recreation center turned violent when one boy shot another after this after a dispute over a foul.
Police said in Milwaukee. How do you like that? Over a foul. Oh, that one no foul.
Tyrone turn a 17 was hospitalized yesterday after being shot twice during the game at a gymnasium in Layton Park evangelical church on Saturday.
His condition was upgraded to satisfactory. Authorities are still searching for a 13 to 15 year old suspect.
It was strictly an argument in the heat of a basketball game said police Lieutenant Tom as well.
Police said the shooting happened during a practice for the church's community youth basketball team or attended 12 boys were practicing without the coach.
According to witnesses, one boy followed the other one the suspect and threw a ball at turn age with the suspect in the face.
His nose bleeding the suspect walked off the court reached into a book bag on a sideline and got turn age when he followed him.
He was lying on the ground saying God forgive me for all my sins. God forgive me for all my sins. He just kept saying it over and over again said the angel or right 16 Tyrone was just on the ground screaming.
Mario Luzano who runs the basketball program said team members are required to be in high school and must take part in weekly Bible studies to participate.
He said the suspect is not a member of the team. How do you like that? They have to take part in weekly Bible studies.
We need a lot more guns. A lot more guns and you know what else we need to go along with that guns and booze like at that Ohio State game.
Maybe lots of booze like the Bush sisters would tell you Bush booze and football. Let's you murk in a way make no mistake about it.
Which I think we need not more beers at football games. Definitely always more beer.
That's the reason a lot of us stop going at often games in the first place and finally just turned on the whole damn thing just out of disgust was you be drunks you obnoxious idiotic drunks who go to football games and before to even start your life.
Sloshed out of your mind sloppy and obnoxious and loud and nasty and brawling and fight in the stands. Yeah.
Right. That's what you like and you're not sitting out there. You're up in a guy that box anyway. I guarantee you or in your seats or in my seats very nice. Yeah. That's right. I forgot about that. Are you sitting in my seats in my nice box.
Hey Miguel stay out of my box. 913 at 560 WQM had a holiday's or here baby thanks give it'll be here in a couple of days and then of course you get the big stuff you got Christmas and Hanukkah new years got all those guests coming.
You want to spruce up the house and make it appear that you're really like not to slide that you probably really are how you do that you call our good friends and dry concepts.
You can check them out of the web at dryconcepts.com if you like get all the information on the fantastic stuff they do for you. I don't need to check them on the web because I know about it. I've been using them in my house for over 20 years and once you use them you'd never dream. I guarantee you you'd never dream of calling anybody else because they do a stupendous unbelievable job they give you a guaranteed written price before they start they make your carpets look sparkling just like brand new they dry in a couple of hours they smell a mini fresh and you're ready to rock and roll and put on a good front for all your company and don't forget they also do a stupendous unbeatable job of furniture.
You're cleaning drapery cleaning spot dying fiber protection carpet repairs in plant oriental rug service second in nobody in the world and that great new plan to theirs the
authorization and a flood hits your house complete water damage restoration to their best in the world is as simple as that you can call them tool free from anywhere it's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 so cleaned up for the holidays for all your guests that you're going to be entertaining clean today entertain tonight not just their slogan is their
business at dry concepts.
We're sports when you're 5 6. You a yeah only my queen.
God.
Just something about you.
So plump.
You look great there on my table.
Take one of your legs, lift it up and.
It's been often eat it.
You know you're a bird right?
You know what they it is.
I'm about to carve you with my knife.
It's stainless steel blade.
I hate to do it.
It's not so fine to see you cut it's such a shame.
God that white weight down to the phone.
Right right right.
Listen tender.
Share you with the people in my home.
My family members.
I'm just so with me.
Ain't nobody else to like I roast ya.
Open love your cavities.
I'm 25 pounder.
I love you.
With the carcass left over.
Don't check in.
How do you like that?
You like the way that ended little abrupt just just abrupt.
I like those bits of it and like and leave you like hanging.
The poll is up 19 votes already.
How do you rate yourself politically?
Fairly liberal five independent four very liberal four.
By the way we will be tracing those of you who say very liberal.
I'll be a little knock on you doing about a half an hour.
Nine in the politics at all three fairly conservative two and very conservative.
Long so I guess Miguel voted already.
Let's be pretty fairly was that your vote you voted fairly fairly.
Uh huh.
Likely story.
Fascist in denial.
Don't forget you and the overnight guys doing Mark tonight.
Nine to 11 against these and Davy staff by the win prizes.
Enjoy specials on crown royal.
You can celebrate the busier girls birthday.
It's the 49ers and the Eagles for Monday night football.
Gatsby's didn't they I was going to say it should be a pretty good game tonight.
But you never know because the NFL is so mediocre now that who the hell knows.
Look at the results from yesterday.
The giants losing to a girls team like that.
Tampa Bay with a big fat war in sap beating green Bay pounding green Bay who lose for the second week in a row.
Not that it makes any difference.
Saudi 9 11 money trail probe continues.
Allegations that money from the Saudi royal family and directly helped 2 9 11 hijackers mean a well financed terrorist structure.
Still could be in place in America capable of striking again.
Lawmaker said yesterday.
Oi a link between the Saudi government and the hijackers if true raises the stakes substantially of what the threat is in the US.
The Democratic senator VDI Bob Graham of Florida outgoing chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee such a network can facilitate the next wave of terror.
Wait till we get to what his counterpart there is Republican buddy bavish a Richard Shelby had to say.
I don't understand how the public is able to continue functioning from day to day with all these psychotic terror warnings.
Anyway a White House official told CBS News Correspondent Mark Noller it's important not to rush the judgment.
That's right we don't want to pick on the Saudis too much because there are partners in crime.
Saudi officials have denied doing anything intentionally to help the 19 hijackers and when 15 were from their country.
Foreign policy advisor Adel Al Jubeer said yesterday we will be merciless against people in the war on terrorism.
Right.
The FBI is investigating financial records indicating that Princess Haifa Al Faisal, wife of the Saudi ambassador, wrote monthly checks that ultimately went into the accounts of Omar al-Boyami and Osama Baznon.
Two hijackers in the plane crashed into Pentagon may have gotten money from these men while the terrorists were living in the United States.
A spokesman for the Saudi embassy told CBS News on Saturday that the students received no money from Princess Haifa's account that the allegation is absolutely not true.
It reminds me of one that Egypt airplane crash remember that?
When an Egyptian pilot who decided it was his turn to fly the plane and was muttering Allah the appraised Allah the Sunnah and then all of a sudden they went into a swan dive and everybody died.
And the Egyptian government was saying, oh no, it wasn't him. He didn't do it.
Yeah, it was an accident.
Arabs in denial. That's what it always is.
Arabs in denial.
Senator Richard Shelby, don't call me Dick and eight year veteran of these Senate Intelligence Committee,
were in Americans yesterday to expect another major attack from Al Qaeda.
Oh, absolutely. Now wait until you hear the quote. Oh, absolutely. It's going to happen.
Shelby said NBC's meet the press. He said he based his opinion partly on a warning of a spectacular attack contained in that audio tape broadcast November 12 on Al Jazeera TV in the Persian Gulf Emirates gutter.
US intelligence experts attributed the tape to Assamu Yamama.
There were several messages there said Shelby, one to all of his supporters and to us that he's alive.
He's kicking and he's going to be around. And I think he also sent the message. He's going to attack and attack our allies.
In an interview a week ago, Shelby noted a rise in interceptive communications that suggests terrorist strikes with a bin Laden tape as possible harbingers of a new attack.
And after you're warning that probably the appearance of the tape was not overblown. He said,
and there are ominous signs we should not ignore ominous. He spoke with more certainty yesterday.
Wait until you hear this last quote. He says, I think it'll be spectacular.
He said, will it be on the order of the world trade tower? The Pentagon? I hope not, but that's something we've got to stop.
It'll be spectacular.
It'll be spectacular.
It'll be spectacular.
It'll be spectacular.
It'll be spectacular.
It'll be spectacular. He said, will it be on the order of the world trade tower? The Pentagon? I hope not, but that's something we've got to stop.
It'll be spectacular.
It'll be spectacular.
It'll be spectacular.
It'll be spectacular.
It'll be spectacular. He said, will it be on the order of the world trade tower? The Pentagon? I hope not, but that's something we've got to stop.
It'll be spectacular. He said, will it be on the order of the world trade tower? The Pentagon? I hope not, but that's something we've got to stop.
560-560, pound 560 on EAT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I just mentioned that I threw that out there in passing, you know?
Just the amusement of the audience.
I'd like you to call or two here and there. Right, Carlos? Mike, you're one or two?
There's one.
There's one.
Well, grab it.
Grab it, man. Don't just sit there looking at it. Grab it.
He hung up on me.
Good. Good for him. Probably the first guy, the Raspberry Guy.
Waiting for our first call of the week. This could be this could determine the tone of this in Tower Week on his show.
Thursday by the way, the beast.
I'm Thanksgiving Day is going to be on his kind of a treat for everybody.
I hope it's going to be a treat as opposed to those crappy best of tapes.
560-560, pound 560 on EAT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
The Saudis are subsidizing even more so than we already thought. Terror attacks.
They're writing checks.
They funded those madrasas. They're teaching them. They're training them.
They're supporting them.
They're encouraging them. And then they lie about it.
And the public don't have a goddamn thing to say about anything, which is typical.
Sarcrowd.
Our male content crowd.
Oh, we sure wish you were more liberal, Neil.
We wish you were a nice heterosexual guy with like a wife and 15 kids.
We sure wish it was this and wish it were that.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Good morning, Neil.
Okay.
Wow, first of all the day, I'm in front.
Well, we're not impressed yet. We'll see.
Right. I'd like to go back to the thing about the Victoria Secret, Newtoday on Television.
Right.
I can't help you don't mind.
Go ahead.
Let me ask you a question.
What is the difference between a overweight man with a hairless chest and large breast,
or a man that's a bodybuilder with large chest, hairless, and a woman's breast on television?
What is the difference?
Good question, excellent question.
How can they say that one's bad and one's good?
Where are they getting off to say that, you know, I'm a heterosexual male.
You know, I don't care if it's a man or a woman on television.
Yeah, I don't understand the difference.
Wait, there isn't any difference.
But you keep in mind, this is the same government where the attorney general had to cover up the statue.
Just a statue of woman's breasts with a sheet.
That's absolutely same.
Like a woman that's breastfeeding a child.
I don't, you know, I think that's personal.
I don't really care if it's see that.
But you know what I mean?
I don't see how they can say that, you know, allow to do that.
And I not only that, but why can we see the rest of the breast, but not the nipple?
What is it about the nipple that gets the FCC and all these right wingers so crazy?
What is it?
Well, I can go to some of these strip bars now and they have to wear these little pieces of tape over the nipple.
Right, right, pasties. That's right.
What is the difference?
It's the same.
Well, we'll find out for you today.
You're great, buddy.
Have a great day.
We're going to find out what's the difference, okay?
Between fat boys nipples between his breasts.
How'd you like to see that, huh?
Oh my God.
Can you imagine?
Can you imagine Josh Friedman's breasts?
He'd have to wear like a, he'd have to wear a Z cup.
Just gigantic, enormous, disgusting, nasty things.
How about those sumo wrestlers?
We see them on TV all the time, don't we?
That's almost comic, though.
That's not the point.
They've got breast sizes, some people that you've seen.
Certainly bigger than Carlos.
I hope so.
And yet nobody gets all bet out of shape.
It says, oh my God, we saw the breast on here.
And I hate to break the news to you, folks.
I know maybe some of you haven't checked lately, but men have nipples.
I don't know.
Is this sports 20 or 560?
A few way, yeah.
Sports coverage is my life.
Look for your choice.
You're cheating.
I don't go like my baby.
You knock, gone down the road.
Stop it, Fanny Mae.
I want to tell her, Fanny, what I heard of Barbara Siddler.
Those starbeats talking.
I want to tell her, Fanny Mae.
That's the best thing I know.
I want to break up the signifying, whoa, people, somebody's got to go.
You know, Neil total rich.
Richie told the burden, Burry told Annie, Annie told her mother.
Tell her, brother, two don't stop me talking.
I'm gonna tell everything I know.
You know, like that.
Yeah, just like that.
Notice how I have a comedy bit or a drop in or something for just about anything you might
send my way, you know what I'm saying?
That's where you don't have no idea who that is.
That was Dion, I for the uninitiated, there are a couple of punks.
I have no idea.
It wouldn't know Dion from Dion Sanders.
The one from the wanderer?
Yeah, the one from the wanderer.
Very good car.
It was the one from the wanderer, you know, and run around and sue and stuff like that.
The one from the wanderer.
Anyway, love Dion's music.
But what is the fact of the matter is that he turned out to be an asshole.
It was a big fan.
I was on IOD.
We had him in the studio that day.
Loved the show.
He's sitting there with his, that cap that silly cap he's been wearing.
Anyway, the fact is Dion sang with Bruce Springsteen this past weekend at the American Airlines Arena.
One song he sang with Springsteen.
Dion looked like it was a hundred years old.
He was donning his signature hat and jeans.
I guess he thinks he's still 20.
Anyway, I was about five feet from him in a VIP section and I said,
he arranges his god.
He turned to me, shot me a bird and turned away.
Yeah, see, he knew that syphilisou thing, man.
They even sent us a letter.
This is after we had him on the air.
He showed up at one of our appearances also in addition to coming into the studio.
So twice he was consulting with us, at least.
Big fan of the show at that time, he lives up in Boka.
You know the kind of kind of sour people live up in Boka.
But at any rate, and then we were out here playing syphilisou and spider the letter that they sent.
Oh, well, Ernie Moresco, who wrote that, who Erwin Helm was, was very offended.
Well, tough crap, okay.
There's nothing wrong with syphilisou.
It's a funny song parody, don't you guys think?
Yeah.
Everybody loves syphilisou.
And so since that day, he turned on us, which is why I'm sure if this is true,
we shot the guy to bird because now I'm a bad guy.
Still love your music, Dion.
You can still sing like crazy.
You're just an idiot.
You're just a Schmidthead.
See, just like I've been trying to tell you folks,
because somebody is a good performer.
Doesn't mean necessarily.
See what I'm saying?
Doesn't mean that they are a good person.
They can be a great performer and be a real asshole, be a Schmidthead.
And Dion, I guess, in that particular case,
or maybe he's just overly sensitive.
Maybe that's his problem, I don't know.
Now, what are you doing with these promos here?
I'm starting to get really aggravated.
Sorry.
It was this year work?
No.
Join the overnight guys.
Join Mark tonight.
And I will have him along with a special guest in the dolphins.
Trent Gamble.
Well, who the hell gives a crap about him?
Who's that?
Who's Trent Gamble is related to Bruce Gamble?
I think it's a linebacker.
Specialty.
Who the hell knows who that is?
See, and neither one of you know who I think it's a linebacker.
Neither one of you knows who.
Get out of here.
You wouldn't know Trent Gamble from Trent Green.
I had a crush that I'd rather hang out with Trent Green myself.
Stuff I do when prizes enjoy specials on Crown Royal.
It's the 49ers and Eagles from London and Football.
Why not have gaspies and Davy?
Why not just make a book out of this like that one piece of coffee
that Skippy sent me this morning?
It's a book.
It's not a piece of coffee.
It's a book.
It's 400 pages long.
What am I getting all worked up about?
It's only Monday.
I got to do that.
Thanks for Thanksgiving with the beast working.
Just calm down.
Just take the money.
Okay.
Take the money and run.
That's what Lynn Samuel tells me.
Just take the money and be glad you're working.
Every other liberal's got kicked off the year already.
You're right, Lynn.
86 votes.
How do you rate yourself politically?
Fairly liberal 35.
Independent 18.
Largely conservative 11.
That's Miguel fairly like Wishi Washi, but leaning to the right.
Not in a politics at all eight.
Very liberal seven and very conservative seven.
So we got two people on the extremes on the outer fringes there on the edges.
Very this and very that.
Who are the liberals?
See, this is the problem when you come right down to it.
What liberals have we got left?
This is why there's no liberal talk to your host because there's nobody.
There's nobody to support us.
First of all, you're out of your feminists, okay?
The women who want to get into Augusta.
What time will give a crap anymore because it's golf?
It's stupid.
Feminist.
Do we have any feminist?
We don't have any women in the first place.
No.
We don't have any of those.
Then you got your schwarzers, okay?
They wrote democratic because it's the only choice they've got.
We got a lot of them.
No.
We don't have a lot of dark folks.
There's no few, just a smattering.
Then you got your fags, right?
Yeah.
Most fags with democratic or liberal.
But the problem is they're not listening to the show because I don't look like Tom Brady.
If I looked really good, then we'd have all the male fags.
Dikes forget about it.
So we don't have them.
And then you got old Jews.
Our still liberals, most of them.
So you put those categories together there and we don't have those people listening.
So what am I talking about?
What are you talking about?
Huh?
No, seriously, I'm talking to myself on this show.
I'm sitting here reading all this stuff about Bush did that and Rumsfeld did this.
But all these months I've been doing, and I must be farting into a win storm for all the impact I had.
Got Paul Harvey Jr. out there, got the intellect of a fruit fly.
Oh, I'm listening to Tony Bruno.
Yeah, good.
Get out of our hair.
Okay, you idiot.
You simple then.
I'll say it again.
Rich Pacto was right.
What a moron.
This is a guy that thought Stan Major was funny.
What does that tell you?
And I'm sitting here puking my guts out.
There's no point.
There is no more liberal anywhere in America.
And then this poor bitch up here, which I was the first one given that story last week.
In the middle of the week, way ahead of everybody else, because it was on the front page of the national post about Jean Critschens assistant,
who she says, you know, kind of like in passing that George W. is a moron.
Well, there's no big bullet in there.
And now they make it a big stink about that.
I guess on Crossfire they're going to be discussing that tonight back and forth.
Everybody knows he's a moron.
Yeah.
Even he knows he's a moron.
Why do you think he's got that look on his face?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Happy Turkey, AT&T folks.
Canadian Thanksgiving was last month.
So the rank going to be no turkey up here on Thursday.
Oh, not a shame.
Here is Volker. Hello.
Volker.
Yeah, a little sheepish.
What I must have been Deon.
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hi, Deon. How you doing?
OK.
I've been listening to you for 15 years because it's the first time I've ever called.
OK.
I got a question.
You know, we had the World Trade Center things, you know, 14 months ago.
Every day or, you know, every other day we hear this, they're going to bomb us and they're going to do this.
We're going to do that.
Why hasn't anything happened in the last 14 months in the US?
They're supposed to have this war with us and they haven't hit us damage on anything.
This is why I swear.
I believe it was all an inside job.
It was an inside job.
What does that mean?
It was an inside job.
So what does that mean?
I think.
I hope that you don't mean what I think you mean.
When you say it was an inside job, what does that mean?
It was a shout out by our own people.
By our own people.
What people are you talking about?
Sir, you're suggesting that our government was responsible for killing 3,000 innocent people?
Absolutely.
Our current administration is responsible.
Oh, get on it.
Wow.
Well, what kind of crap is that?
Maybe you can elope with Bill Maher, OK?
You idiot.
See, that's what's wrong with talk radio.
And that's why I enjoyed those 7 months of the bedtime stories.
Even though Miguel didn't...
How do you know?
You didn't like...
You don't like it.
I'm asking you how you knew.
Because I said you didn't like it.
You did not.
It's not your bag.
OK, it's not your thing.
You're just not an intellectual.
Your markers didn't get laid all the time.
That's your big thing.
Absolutely correct.
Well, so am I, but I can't...
We can't all look like you, OK?
But the fact of the matter, plus we don't all have that nice new mattress,
some dial amateurs like you got.
True.
But what kind of swell?
What kind of schmuck calls off a talk show?
I mean, yeah, you can say it.
That's your opinion.
You're entitled to it.
But I don't want to listen to it.
It's...
It's grotesque.
It's grotesque.
We know that there were 19 of these assholes.
We know 15 of them were Saudis.
We know they were all Arabs.
And here's a guy who was an inside job.
And because nothing has happened for 14 months,
therefore this guy tells us that nothing's going to happen again.
Well, if that's the case if it wasn't inside job,
why does our government go ahead?
The same people who supposedly were behind in the first place
and do something else just to prove to us that it's going to be bad?
Why don't they unleash a bunch of crap?
Speaking of a bunch of crap, by the way, people magazine,
this has got to be a comedy magazine, doesn't it?
Every year, for the last 400 years,
the sexiest man alive.
Well, I happen to be in the news stand yesterday,
so I picked this piece of crap up and great expense to me
to think about its Canadian currency.
Ben Affleck is on the...
He's okay.
I mean, you know, I'd take a look at it.
Ben Affleck, he's all right.
Is he the sexiest man alive?
Not even close.
And when I get to this thing and read you the name,
Don Rumsfeld is one of the people in here.
How do you like that?
Don Rumsfeld is one of the sexiest men on the face of the earth.
And also in people magazine, under these surprisingly sexy categories,
James Gandalfini.
How do you like that?
James Gandalfini, is he sexier what, huh?
It's hot stuff right there.
He is pretty goddamn hot.
Slide in, local.
Here's sports radio, five sixes.
You ain't...
You ain't...
Holy macken on!
This is Joe Bohr in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs
and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God.
This week on Eats, the end of the call,
Thanksgiving Special.
Yeah, I'm doing a porn omelie.
She ate the entire friggin turkey.
A big fat turkey.
She ate the cat too.
Let us see a one for small, cheap pizzas.
The end of the call, Thanksgiving Special.
This is kind of scary for sure.
943-560 WDQM, happy Monday, 2 and happy Thanksgiving.
Speaking of hockey, how about those Leafs and Eddie DeBiegel?
They turned it around.
I have no idea how.
And how about those Panthers last night,
stealing a point in Anaheim against Brian Murray's mighty duck,
huh?
That was pretty exciting.
Last part of the regulation came from two goals down.
Sandus Ozilens ties it up there at the end,
him and Kristen Huzelius, and Stevie Weiss.
They're playing great.
Even though it's a bunch of ties,
but nevertheless, they stole a point.
They're great over time, wide open.
Like it's supposed to be those inner conference games.
Any interest?
No.
No.
No.
Oh, I just don't get it.
I scratch my head and my head and my thing,
and I keep asking myself,
how can we have a hockey team in San Florida?
Now, Miguel goes to a hockey game or two?
Or two, yeah.
Used to anyway.
But you haven't been to one this season.
No, I haven't.
How did I know that?
Well, I've been to one.
And of course, Carlos tells me before the show today
hasn't been to the New Arena for anything yet.
He even forget about a hockey game to a concert to anything.
But in the New Arena,
we only had it for five years, dummy.
Okay, you better get in there before they decide to close it down,
before the team moves away.
Like the San Jose or somewhere?
Good.
A bunch of deadheads in that town.
In Miami, here's some good news, though.
In Miami, a tree to top rocker fellers.
Good news in the New York Times, no less.
Miami may not have snow or much of a wonder for that matter.
It says, but it's determined not to be out of the way.
It comes to holiday cheer to prove it to City claims
it has the tallest Christmas tree in a country.
Oh, right.
Did you know that?
Nope.
You see Miguel Nucaz, he was reading the paper.
See, Carlos don't read the papers.
He only reads the funny papers.
Never mind that the tree 110 foot Norway sprues
had to be shipped in from New Yorktown Heights, New York,
and is sitting in a pool of water
so it won't wither too quickly in the tropical heat.
No one here seems to find it strange,
either that the tree is surrounded by palms
in a downtown park near a bay full of sailboats.
We always felt Miami was lacking something in the holiday spirit,
being in it so warm said Nelson Alba Reida,
president of Unipro Group, a marketing entertainment company,
that setting up the tree in the miniature holiday village around it.
I think a lot of people from South Florida,
when they think holidays think of snow and cold in New York,
Mr. Alba Reida said what resembles New York in holidays,
but a tree.
Pushing things a bit, Mr. Alba Reida,
both did that Miami not only had the largest tree,
but perhaps the most spectacular one as well.
Don't tell that to the folks in Rockefeller Center
who all but called it scrawny.
If I came back with a tree that's tall and errone skinny,
it wouldn't be fun, so David Murbach,
the Rockefeller Center Gardens manager has been picking the tree
there for 19 years, New Yorkers are very outspoken, he said.
In other words, if we had a skinny one, people would have the laugh at it.
And the tree too.
This year, Mr. Murbach selected a 76 foot Norway spruce,
discovered in Bloomsbury, New Jersey after a year-long search.
He said, you can easily find tall trees,
but it's hard to find one that's dense and wide enough.
I'll bet yours is wider and denser in our tree too.
What yes and oh it says, the Rockefeller Center tree,
which is 70 years old, is 44 feet wide at its base.
The Miami tree estimated to be 85 to 100 years old is 55 feet wide,
but it had cosmetic help.
Branch implants actually, workers nailed and tied,
dozens of extra limbs to the Miami spruce,
to give it a more full-figured appearance.
They spruced it up in other words.
The naturally well-endowed Rockefeller Center tree required no such enhancement.
Well-endowed.
New York Times used in spicy language like that, well-endowed,
and you got the FCC worried about a couple of nipples on TV on Victoria's Secret
and all these damn emails, all 300 of them coming into the FCC,
as if that means something.
What's your crap?
123 votes on the pool.
How do you rate yourself politically?
Is there any hope out there to combat this wave of right-wing extremism in America?
No, of course not.
Fairly liberal 48, independent 22,
fairly conservative 17, very liberal 14,
mounted a politics at all 13, very conservative, nine.
Like Robert Creeper, he's one of those nine.
Self-hating right-wing, very, very, very conservative.
You say, do you say fairy?
What do you just say?
Very.
Do you hear what Robert McGell just called you a fairy?
The last week we discovered that he's a eunuch.
He just didn't have anything.
He had no equipment.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Line Delray B.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, listen, I think you sell yourself short sometimes,
because I've met Tom Brady and one, you're definitely better looking.
That's the first point.
Second point is about the hijackings that more on earlier.
The only good thing that came out of that was that some of those hijackers had no idea
they were going to crash into the building.
Did you know that?
They said that just something was going on.
Yes, I did.
I thought it was going to build it.
And then the last point is the guy who said the guy with no shirt and a girl with no shirt,
basically the same thing.
What do you with no shirt on next to Jackie Johnson from Channel 7?
Mm-hmm.
Same thing.
Same thing, wouldn't you say?
The point that guy was trying to make is why is that female breast to get everybody so tidally
that if I can say that?
Can I say it?
No.
Not anymore, I can't.
In terms of like seeing a little bearness here or bearness there.
And that's the same thing with ASS.
American TV, if there's going to be naked ass,
they put the gray a little square over it because God forbid you to cheat.
Huh?
Not Spanish TV.
No, not Spanish TV because that's got European origins in it, okay?
All of European channels, they would be embarrassed to be doing something like that.
They'd be humiliated and degraded.
They'd be laughed off the air if they were put like a little gray thing over some of these cheap.
And then the interesting thing about ASS to go back to the thing about comparing a man's big fat breast to a woman's breast.
And the same thing with cheeks.
Here's a little baby like the pamper spots.
You see those TV spots.
Right.
And you see the baby's ass.
Naked.
There's a little baby's ass.
So how old do you have to be?
How big does your ass have to be before it becomes sexual and threatening?
Okay?
That's the obvious question.
Maybe we can get an answer from the FCNC.
Bunch of assholes.
Bunch of crap.
When is the, I mean, here we're worried here.
Richard Shelby's on there yesterday saying it's coming any day now.
They're going to be spectacular attacks.
Get ready to die.
Okay?
And what's America worried about?
A little bit of bear skin on TV.
This is, this is one of the many things wrong with America.
Crazy people.
Uptight right wing lunatics who want to repress everybody.
Who want the whole world to be just as sexually repressed as they are.
And thank goodness we got plenty of men floored it because that's the state model.
Okay?
Missouri loves company.
We want you to be just as miserable as we are, which is why anytime you spend out of Florida is time well spent.
Believe me.
Trust me when I tell you.
Every second of your life that you're outside of Florida is a second of happiness and greatness.
Even if you're in God damn entry.
Anyplace else can only be an improvement.
Missouri loves company.
We want you to be just as miserable as we are.
And look at this tremendous response.
We get this guy to cause before it opens up a mouth about the government.
Was behind the attacks on 9-11 killed 3000 innocent people in New York and in Washington DC.
And look at the response.
From our enthusiastic crowd.
From our football, from our overdose, overdose football crowd.
Too much booze.
That's what happened at the Columbus, Ohio.
I'll take that right now.
Why not just bring the whole goddamn town down kids?
You idiots.
College games spark fan riots.
And not just in Ohio by the way.
Not just there.
Police fired tear gas and wooden pellets to break up riding by Collins football fans who said fires to cars.
Through bottles and burned furniture in the streets early Sunday.
And celebration of Ohio State University's victory over rival Michigan.
At least it doesn't fire as we're setting you to Columbus campus.
Police said 45 people are arrested for disorderly kind of alcohol violations.
Football celebrations also got out of hand in South Carolina.
California, North Carolina and Washington as well.
How do you like that?
And you want to know why?
Because getting drunk in football.
That's the American way.
Exactly.
You've got it.
You've got your thumb on it.
But we got spectacular attacks coming, baby.
We got to get down to brass tax to business.
Don't we?
No.
Now, would you just give us the ball ready for smash my football?
That's what it's all about.
Man.
560, 7, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a lot of day I'll buy the C. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing?
Good morning.
You're so good morning to you.
Let me tell you something.
You've been in radio business for a lot of years.
OK.
And I know, I have the expression, but you've got a lot of absils called you want to hear.
But you've got a guy about 10 minutes ago who called about the World Trade Center.
I just want to tell you, he has to rate as probably number one.
He's probably the biggest asshole I remember that on the radio.
He's right in there.
I don't work at the World Trade Center for five months, Neil.
I was up there digging through the rubble and, you know, I don't appreciate what that guy had to say.
You know, I know you have color ID because you know what?
I'd love to have his number because I'm not coming through it tonight and I'll kick his ass.
Good.
All right, he's an asshole.
Well, we'll send Luke a Brotty with you to help you out.
No, I don't need nobody.
I don't need the ID.
He's putting the problem with taking care of him.
OK.
All right, Neil.
He's the biggest asshole I've ever heard on the radio.
I'm with you.
All right, brother.
Thanks.
Thanks, brother.
Yeah, we'll send James Gandalfini there.
That'll fix him who's not only a tough guy but also very cute, according to People Magazine.
This is the most ludicrous.
See, they have a bunch of women picking these guys.
Now I understand why some of you really ugly guys out there got hot wives and girlfriends
because they either got bad taste, bad eyesight or whatever.
Or maybe you guys have got something that doesn't meet the eye readily apparently.
See what I'm saying?
Money.
That's one of them.
But this magazine, man, see if they just picked some of us bags to pick good looking guys,
we could do that in a problem at all least.
I guarantee if I did the selecting, this People Magazine would sell 40 trillion copies all around the world.
When I get to that list, which I will eventually, I'll get around it with sooner or later when I'm good and ready.
Oh, you're going to laugh your ass off.
And the best part of the whole deal is there's a full page ad speaking of Tom Brady like the other guy mentioned.
There's a full page ad that Milkspot, you know, the Tom Brady's doing.
We've got the Milk Mustache, which gets me very aroused when I see that.
But at any rate, it's right in the middle of this section.
This section goes on for about 100 pages here in People Magazine.
And that's it.
That's the only appearance he makes in there.
Is he on the list?
Does he get any kind of mention?
No.
Tom Wally mentioned in there?
No.
The only Tom I see in here is Tom Cruz.
Boy, talk about an old troll.
Talk about a burnout.
Talk about gross.
The hunchback of Boston College.
What some other catholic school beside Notre Dame?
Holy cross.
The hunchback of Holy Cross.
Well, I'm sick and tired of Notre Dame.
Okay, they make me sick to my stomach.
And why is it that Notre Dame has its own God-dem television network?
Does that tell you the influence of the catholic church on American daily life?
Oh, we don't want to get Dennis upset.
How come it is that Notre Dame has its own freaking network?
There's 85,000 college football teams, and we got one.
It's got its own national network, which is why most of us hate them like poison, like poison.
If they got beat 145 to nothing every week, that wouldn't be enough.
Don't you agree?
Yes.
Good. Good for you.
What about McGill?
145?
Don't tell me you like Notre Dame.
No.
I agree.
Brother.
5.6.7.
Look at this tremendous response we got here today, man.
It's unbelievable.
It's typical.
5.6.7.0.5.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line.
In this highly politically oriented show, the highly activist people of South Florida.
You know, before the show, we were looking back at the statistics page.
We have on our website to see the response we've had on it.
The highest response, well, the greatest response in a single week was back during the Chad Week,
November 5th, 2000, during Election Week, with the hanging Chad's all on that crap.
But second of that, the only other time we had a spectacular unbelievable response was,
Ilion.
There you go.
Ilion.
That's what gets them whipped up into a frenzy.
Anything else?
Forget about it.
Coral Gables.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Good.
You talked about the Saudi thing, and I want to get back to that, but you have read that nice little piece about the Christmas tree down here in Miami.
Yeah.
And it seems, you know, I'm pleased as punch that they think that Miami has a lot of Christmas spirit and to exemplify that they get a Christmas tree.
You know, maybe, you know, the remedy of the other problems down here, they might actually get a working infrastructure or decent schools or something.
But no, instead they go out there.
We don't care about decent schools.
We just have a nice big Christmas tree, man.
Just a tall skinny tree in any case.
And a new arena on every street corner, a new sports arena.
That's all we need.
And that is why Miami is the greatest city in the world.
You got it.
But seriously, you were talking about the Saudi thing, and no one else has really mentioned it.
Thanks to that moron, that made that call earlier.
The one that's living in the ex files world.
I heard from the conspiracy theories.
It was an inside job.
Yeah, it was an inside job just like Pearl Harbor was.
Right.
You know, not the Japanese knew that at the time.
But anyway, in closing.
In closing, you know, perfect, a more perfect world.
What would you see us do with the Saudis, you know, concerning the soul?
What would I see us do with the Saudis?
Bomb them into the stone age and take over all their oil.
We already got to base there and get that world family.
Put them in the middle of the desert and don't give them a map.
That's what I would do.
Miami and locals.
This is for trail by city.
Way, way, yeah.
And that's what I think.
Sometimes you feel like the dark.
Sometimes the white.
You, we tell you can't make one more light.
Pour all the cranberry sauce right down the road.
Drink proud once they leave straw out of the gravy boat.
And then he's been has a roll.
Smells like a gun.
And until that takes off his pants when he gets drunk.
We hope that you survive.
Thanks, give it a day.
Oi!
That was one of five sixty WQM Happy Monday to you.
A man wants Jew fish prequel named calls it anti-Semitic.
Last year a Georgia scientist successfully lobbied that the official name of Florida's largest groupers species be changed from Jew fish, which he found offensive.
Oi!
Took a lieth grouper.
Now another man is seeking that the name of the narrow key Largo channel known as Jew fish creek also be amended.
Arnold G. Conheim of Washington DC.
And first of all, the guys in Washington DC, what do they all see about some place in the key Largo, huh?
What is it his business?
As petition the US board on geographic names to change the name.
The word Jew in any of the form that now is derogatory conheim wrote in his name change application is request as some support, but the issue hardly seems to be a divisive one.
Jim Borizak, the congregation president of the Key Jewish Community Center in Tevernir, said the issue was irrelevant.
Absolutely correct sir.
In other words, this should be your biggest problem Arnold.
It's not a subject conversation among Jewish people around here Borizak said. Most people don't even know the name of the fish has been changed.
Monroe County commission is voted unanimously last week against renaming the creek, which has been known as Jew fish creek since the early 1900s at least.
In fact, postal records show that the town now known as Key Largo was called Jew fish until 1921.
Huh.
Did you know that did you?
No. Just barely 10 o'clock and already you're learning a hell of a lot of important stuff until 1921 key Largo was called Jew fish.
Interesting.
The commission is ruling is significant because the federal name change board considers local opinion will make a decisions.
Gary Grossman, the scientist who lobbied to have the fish species name change said it continued usage of the word Jew fish is anti-Semitic.
I don't believe anybody would let a derogatory geographic name stand for African American or a Hispanic in South Florida right now.
We said a fishy colleges at the University of Georgia.
So I don't understand why this is any different.
Well, don't we have an animal called raccoon?
Huh?
And what do we call them for short?
Coons.
Right?
So we're going to change that?
No.
How about a rac contour instead of raccoon?
Get out of here.
I do uptight sensitive asshole people speaking of assholes.
Here's an instruction to you guys back there when I'm sure that Miguel must be sending the facts this morning.
Yes.
Don't and pass this along to little George which I'll tell him on Monday when he comes back.
Don't ever.
And you had no way in this.
I don't.
I want to sound like I'm going overboard but I will anyway.
Don't ever fax me again.
Any any communication from this New England Paul asshole.
He is a major.
He's worse than Paul Harvey Jr.
He's worse than the guy who called before about an inside job at a World Trade Center bombing.
This is the biggest asshole.
Talk about a phony.
He says how about our Patriots yesterday kick ass on the Vikings.
Kick ass my ass.
There had 21 nothing and about five minutes and it hang on for dear life the whole rest of the game.
And then this is the same guy who last week was ripened Tom Brady and ass.
As if it was somehow his fault that they lost that game to the Raiders which was not his fault.
He says so let's make a big shout out to our man Tom Brady going to lead us back to the Super Bowl.
Can you believe what a phony this guy is the one reason South Florida.
Hypocrite.
Going to try to facts you this picture of the lovely Tom Brady.
Thanks to I already got pictures of Tom Brady.
I don't need any help from you.
You idiot.
You phony.
You're front running.
You're perfect for South Florida man.
One week he's ripened him and asked.
That'd be like my talking about Ed Balfour stinks to join out and not telling you how great he is because he's got two shutouts and Roney's playing great.
Always like to any the bigger you know what.
The England Paul get lost okay get a life you loser you chronic you failure look at that phone baby is it smoking or what.
There's not a call on the board.
To sure what kind of activist we got in this audience out there these are people are really civic minded man.
They're going to really get some changes made.
And you wonder why nothing ever changes in Florida.
It's like doing a guy then showing a funeral parlor in a cemetery.
Oh my god getting back to people magazine okay something it's a little more up there alley.
About four and you remember I don't want to start picking on a woman again but I will anyway and that's why I'm off your side with this Augusta thing.
It's golf anyway.
I'm I'm all through going to vent for women on anything.
Because back during that week speaking of alien remember that.
Oh brother we had women up the ass during those days for weeks on the day.
And that's all they want to talk about was alien.
We had either wild Hispanic women calling in and you know screaming at me or we had of course the other women who hate every Hispanic was ever born screaming about alien and about this and added about the community being torn to shreds and why won't they speak English the same old crap.
Do we have one woman on there today no swing have any women listen.
But it's amazing when we're talking about one or two of things that the only stuff that gets any bilingualism that's it you hate the specs.
That's it anything to do with hate.
The women of soft floor that's where the problem lies the real serious problem.
Anyway here's the sexiest man alive in people magazine a real joke if I ever saw one.
Then I like okay okay he looks okay he's alright is he the sexiest man nobody at least it's a choice that you don't have to have like a nervous breakdown saying how could you say that.
Especially in this picture here from going all the way where he's like make it almost 1997 it was pretty good there so I'm not going to fight them on that but.
But John Corbett is second on his list John Corbett from my big fat Greek wedding I'm going to tell you I've had ball movements that look better in this guy okay.
Do you know who this guy is yeah when I move it and you think he's good looking.
It's a guy whatever no no don't start giving me that usual response you know a good looking guy when you see one like when you look in the mirror in the morning okay don't be giving me this crap he's a guy alright that's lame that's weak.
You've got an opinion okay.
John Corbett how about Carlos he's not as uptight as you are about your sexuality.
Yeah but he's not a borderline you know.
No but no but I just don't know who he is.
Oh now here's Enrique okay here's the only really hot guy in a whole list is Enrique Glacier and they got a nice picture he's got his shirt open he's looking he looks pretty damn good to me.
And that's it that's the end of that.
Tom Cruise oh my god give me a break even quasi motor look better in him speaking a hunchback Donald Rumsfeld.
What is this a joke has to be John Leguzamo I have no idea how you pronounce his name Leguzamo yeah.
Leguzamo who played the to loose the the Dreck in Mulan Rouge underline the Dreck part five foot eight Colombian born actor who looks let me say it again my dog is left dropping a pussy rules that look better in him.
George Clooney looks a little like Betty Clooney forget about it.
Mehmet Oz who the hell is that gross grotesque Alejandro Sons man.
And it gets worse James Blake with the roster here Rick Yoon.
I mean I don't mind my Asian guys okay it's not good looking Asian guys the only problem is he ain't one of them.
Kenny Chesney Anderson Cooper.
Oh brother who are these people?
Hugh Grant that's your giving idea what this list is all about Hugh Frickin Grant Scott Morrison Kirk Franklin I rather I rather do Benjamin Franklin.
Harry Connick Jr.
Rocco Disparito who the hell is he he's in something what is he in?
Never heard of him.
It says thanks to appearances on live would read just him Kelly and the food network smelting pot the divorce Disparito is marinating a new founder claim never heard of me there when he's gross Fabian Cousteau.
Now of course bonnet for MSNBC's National Jaguar geographic explorer he was a kind to a Jacques Cousteau.
He looks like something Jacques brought up from one of the city like one of those barnacles he script off the bottom of a ship and speaking of that here's Jesse James.
This guy's got more goddamn tattoos than Carter's got pills grotesque a host of the Discovery Channel's monster garage you know what that is?
Nope yeah easy to why and I hope you do.
Yeah see you ever seen this guy yeah Jesse James is nothing good look at about that guy.
Even you Carlos look better in this guy okay even you look better.
I'm not saying a lot Greg Vaughn.
Now here's the guy's pretty good looking is a bad picture he's in the young in a horny.
He's pretty good he plays what does he play somebody oh Diego that's right Diego Gludillette is.
Yeah he's pretty good looking.
Keeper Sutherland okay.
I mean what are these people talking about Simon Cowell from goddamn American Idol.
My ass looks better than his face Mel Gibson.
Oh good god and then hot hot hot it's just goes on Richard gear Pierce Brosnan M&M Jimmy Fallon.
He just played with him.
Harrison Ford Antonio bandedis and now we're getting into really good stuff it's got like the bubbling out of sting.
Russell Crowe Sidney Pate just turned 120 years old Tiger Woods Joaquin Phoenix with a cliff lip.
Jake Glynahal Gillinahal whatever the hell is name what tells he on moonlight mile in the good girl he looks like a good girl.
Josh Lucas Dominic Purcell Jesse Bradford you couldn't take the best looking features of about the last 30 of these guys putting together make a good looking guy.
Carl Urban from the Lord of the Rings the two towers.
Mickey Piper from ER.
Really gross grot huh.
McCoy Piper grot I don't know what the hell why would this make he's a grotesque looking sparser man Adam Rodriguez even George Rodriguez looks better in him and George is a pretty grotesque Michael Ealy.
Nasty looking John Buffalo Mailer and here's the picture Tom Brady would at football a thing on with at the most most ash got milk.
How do you like that right in the middle of this but somehow they neglected Tom Brady on the list I mean granted he's no what you call no Vin Diesel.
Who's on the list by the way and it just goes on I mean why am I even wasting my time with his Vin Diesel Arnold Sparks nigger TNO Reeves Samuel L Jackson Russell Crowe Harrison freaking forward a mayor looked at about a hundred years ago will Smith.
And then we got knock around guys air everybody how come we didn't get in here everybody else is in here.
John Hannah surprisingly sexy John Hannah and James Gandalfini there you go you can't get much sexier than him I'm going to be the one to rub his ball spot Alan Rickman who looks like the bottom of my ass Mitch Plegge you know who that is from the ex files don't want it.
I guess they must like ball guys and this thing Michael Boltman David Allen gear who's one of the obvious parts is ever seen in my life Tony shall how.
Stanley Stanley Tushy and it goes on I can't stand it burn that burn that issue okay burn it.
This is this is going to be a joke this is what they do every year in people magazine come up with the list of the grossest and nastiest the smart me they throw a couple of good looking guys in there just for measure and arrest them or I'll
gruesome grotesque James Gandalfini I mean can you get any sex you're looking to that or what huh he makes me look good.
He makes Josh Friedman look good almost 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line 194 votes on a poll how do you rate yourself politically we ask going to change again right here.
Come on either do it or get off the pot how do you rate yourself politically fairly liberal 78 independent 35 fairly conservative 27 very liberal 25 not into politics at all 19 and very conservative 10.
Now let's see very liberal 25 very conservative 10 that's good that's a good sign we got a few liberals out there on afraid that somebody's going to trace this we are tracing it by the way.
10 13 at 5 60 WQM we all have different lifestyles we all have different political opinions therefore well the comment denominator is health no matter what you're a politics you want to be healthy.
Oliomed Mediterranean formulas are designed to just that help keep you healthy their advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with vitamins and minerals and aerobols and other good stuff.
Scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs look for Oliomed great three new formulas is one to help you sleep when to help you control your weight and cook you 10 great for your heart using the benefits of the finest olive oil find any place.
Oliomed is an outstanding new product you pick up all over town at public secrets and Walgreens for more information call Oliomed at this toll free number 1 866 Oliomed that's 1 866 65 365 333 can also order their products online at OliomedAmerica.com.
And if you visit your nearest public and buy an Oliomed product and date a brow you can still get a coupon but it's been going on for a long time you know what you better go in here and get one to make them feed you wanted.
Great feed Larry Coker Bobblehead doll that supplies last don't forget to visit their sampling ability that sports done every Sunday with the offensive plane home games pick up some free Oliomed samples and start pop it in your purse for good health real soon.
I'm not.
And look all this is for real by city.
Way.
Way.
Pretty ends done as dirt.
Hey, baby.
Hey, baby.
Hey, baby.
Hey, we fast.
We fast.
Hey, baby.
Hey, baby.
Hey, baby.
Hey, we fast.
Look right there.
What you try a little real life that you can't do without it on breast or thighs.
Pour it on.
Pick up and try a little on potato or the stuff.
Try a bit for it.
Best with chip and.
This is nothing like gravy on turkey.
Give me just a little bit of gravy taste so you need kind of gravy on my plate.
It looks so sweet and wonder that I drew.
Hey, baby.
Hey, baby.
Hey, we fast.
We fast.
Hey, baby.
Hey, baby.
Hey.
Please fast.
We fast.
We great.
Okay, it really grosses me out.
People are putting gravy on stuffing.
Makes me nauseous.
Why do asses know how you guys aren't doing that?
No.
That stuffing?
Unstuffing.
No.
And Carlos, you notice how quiet he is?
I bet he does it.
No, I don't.
Yeah, you do.
Okay.
Later.
Now, see it.
Nervous laugh.
He puts gravy on a turkey and on the stuffing and probably on the yams and the cranberries too.
You're a little slums at you.
You're not a big turkey fan?
Nope.
What about him?
Eh?
Better than turkey.
Little spick.
You can't look.
You can't have beans for every meal.
Your whole life.
Okay.
Bad for your system.
Bad for your IBS.
That was good for it.
Oh no.
You kid me.
Beans?
Holy cow.
You're a little bean syndrome.
You never heard of that IBS?
No.
Wow.
Here are your kiscus up.
Anyway, forget about you.
Keep him on the outside.
Okay.
He just out of the loop with a whole human race.
Was picking on poor Eric this morning before the show.
Wants to take over that website.
Speaking of eating a lot.
I wonder if Eric, poor gravy.
I think Eric just got like a spigot.
You know, he just opens up the spigot and the gravy comes out all over the whole of
thing.
He just ladles it on.
But seriously, your gravy should be like, I mean, your stuffing should be moist, not
real moist, not wet, but a little on the moist side.
And just fantastic all by itself.
You don't spoil the stuffing with gravy on it.
The reason you put gravy on the turkey is because turkey generally it has no taste,
right?
It's dry.
And even if it's moist turkey, it still really have a lot of taste.
So you put a little gravy on there.
Some real nice thick mushroom gravy would be good.
Mmm.
So even though it isn't going to be Thanksgiving here on Thursday since I have the day off,
I'll find a place where I get a nice turkey dinner.
No problem at all.
Just pour it on, man.
But don't put any gravy on the goddamn stuffing or we're going to come to your house and
get your ass.
Five, six, and have we had a woman call this show yet today?
No.
Doesn't it piss you people off that there are some people in South Florida that won't speak
English?
Doesn't that frost your ass?
Man, oh man, oh man, it's so sad.
And I'm getting all whipped up into a frenzy.
What's the point?
See, let me just say this few folks.
There is no incentive in South Florida to strive for excellence.
There's no incentive because no matter what you do, it basically comes out the same
anyway.
You know what I'm talking about?
If you make a tremendous effort, if you wear yourself out, if you knock yourself
crazy, it then make a difference.
We're just here killing four hours every day.
And every now and then I go off to the depend and I lose perspective of that.
You know, like over the weekend, I'm emailing back and forth about a good friend of
Ellen Samuels about what we need to be doing to get the liberals and the moderates and
anybody who's not a right wing, willing to take a little bit more active and start with
a bunch of websites and do that.
What am I worrying about that for?
What's the point?
Especially out of South Florida?
You can't even get a goddamn, the phones going here.
Okay, got calls in and says it was an inside job, 9-11.
Any other market in America, I'll guarantee even in Geneva, New York, the phones would
have been smoking off though, as soon as some asshole calls up and says that.
Not here.
Not here because these are the people who adamantly refuse.
Not wanting to send it very best to send anything.
We don't care.
Here's Delray Beach.
Lynn Samuels, I remember her in New York.
She used to go on right before Bob Grant.
Right.
Here ever going to New York.
And they can't, they can't, or recently because of the fact she's liberal and you can't
be on the R&B liberal anymore in America.
So they can't.
In 1988, she was all four Jesse Jackson's campaigns.
Yeah.
A little out there.
A little part of the list.
What is it?
It's Hank Goldberg on the list.
Is he on what list?
The sexiest man alive.
Mm-hmm.
No.
He is on her.
Yeah, he's read after James Gendolfini.
Chad Pennington of Atomber 80.
Chad Pennington?
Chad Pennington.
Oh, Chad Pennington from the Jets?
Yeah.
You mean, he's talking about how he's money.
You're talking about how he's money.
He looks.
I've never seen what he looks like.
I've seen him play.
He's playing pretty damn good.
Okay.
I'll check him out next week.
Chad Pennington and the Trent Green on the Kansas City.
You don't look too bad either.
Nobody touches my boy Tom Brady, including that asshole in the England Paul.
What a phony you are, man.
Just a week ago, he's faxing me about all Brady sucks.
And what are we going to do, Bubba?
And all of a sudden because they won the game and believe me, he played pretty damn good
himself.
They're defense sucks.
They try like crazy to blow every game.
And all of a sudden, oh, let's hear it for our boy.
Oh, go away.
Go away to England Paul.
Go back where you came from.
They probably kicked your ass out of my institutions.
Okay.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Go up to Roxbury me.
They'll let you in, but I doubt it.
Go to Dorchester.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Go to Revere.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, like what are you doing?
Yes, sir.
Long time, listener.
Excellent.
Listen, I read a great, well, not a great article.
It's our local rag.
That article about how the Catholic Church is going to deal with allegations of child abuse
by priests with closed tribunals close to the public.
Mm-hmm.
They were hit by the last week.
Second?
I said I had that story last week, but it's probably just getting around to the local papers.
Sorry about that.
But it's which of three, three verbs can be rendered innocent, not guilty and guilty.
Yeah.
Anyway, all right.
That's old news.
Will we be hearing from Paul Boomer and Lord Windess Meer this Thanksgiving?
You're going to have to ask, what's his name?
You're going to have to ask the beast.
Oh, okay.
You don't have that card anymore.
Oh, yeah, sure.
We got it around somewhere.
In fact, every Thanksgiving.
In fact, when the beast won't need those guys, he can do his own card in contest, okay?
Yeah, he can just do it the whole four hours.
Okay, Neil.
Hey, have a good holiday.
Would you call my brother Andrew a douchebag for him?
Okay, have a great day, whatever.
Oh, we got a lady.
I can't believe it.
I just get through with the people magazine.
Forget about the other stuff.
I mean, why should women be concerned about the world is coming to win in and stuff like that?
You know?
Boy, just do the thing in people magazine with that grotesque list of guys who are supposed to be the sexiest in the world.
And then come on.
Come on.
Let's get serious.
That would be like making a list of the hottest babies in the world of putting Janet Reno in there, okay?
With all the respect to my close personal friend, Janet.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, my name is Susan and I've never listened to you guys before, but I've been laughing as I'm driving.
Where have you been, Susan?
I've been in Fort Lauderdale for 10, no, 11 months now.
And a friend of mine just called me and told me to put on the station.
And I was listening about the turkey and the beans and all that.
Yeah.
So you guys, what do you believe in?
What do I believe in?
What do you mean what do I believe in?
Well, in the last 10 minutes, I can't get whether you're liberal.
I don't think so, but I don't know.
You don't think that I'm liberal?
I don't know.
You haven't said enough.
You've been talking more about turkey and...
Well, let me ask you this.
Are you enjoying the show?
And what?
Are you enjoying the program?
Oh, yeah.
It's excellent.
What difference does it make?
What difference does it make whether I'm liberal or not?
Well, because you just said no women are concerned that the world's going to end.
And I'm just hearing bits and pieces.
I can't...
Not in South Florida.
They're not all that concerned about it.
There are too many people who won't speak English.
That's the South Florida women.
Well, that's true.
There are a bunch of neurotic bitches.
Yeah.
Okay.
Can you answer your question?
Yes, I'm a very proud liberal.
Yes, you better believe it.
Okay.
And I'm a very, very proud conservative.
You're a very one?
proud conservative.
Well, just keep in mind nobody's perfect.
Okay, sweetheart?
That's right.
Okay.
Have a great day.
You too, bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Okay, then.
That caught really real fast.
Are you liberal?
Come on.
Are you liberal?
One of those?
Comedy Pico Fag, yes.
All of the above except the Comedy Part.
229 votes on a poll.
How do you rate yourself politically, huh?
How do you rate on a scale of 1 to 5 million?
Fairly liberal 90?
Independent 42?
Very liberal 32?
Fairly conservative 31 like Miguel,
who's on offense.
He's on offense, so but he's got, he's got a chief.
Brack them.
Ask.
Put some cashmere bouquet on it.
Okay, that'll do it.
Okay.
In fact, you know who you can get some from the Crow.
Noted a poll and fixed at all 24 and very conservative 10 like this last right when
moment we just head on from Pittsburgh.
Okay.
I'll see if the Mountain View and in Greensburg.
Okay, sweetheart?
And Mike Lang ain't too happy about you either being too conservative.
You ain't too happy with that.
Trust me when I tell you.
How the penguins doing?
Anybody know?
No.
No.
No.
Mario's doing pretty good.
Can you believe Oli Yokinin is tied for second and legal even points?
You know Oli Yokinin?
Hey Carlos, you know who Oli Yokinin is?
No.
You.
You.
You a silly person.
You know what?
You're perfect for South Florida.
We find the perfect producer for this program.
He wouldn't know a hockey puck if you stuck a dozen of them up his ass.
Oh, we got a hockey team in South Florida.
Yeah.
And let me ask you this question.
What religion is Christian Hoseelius?
1026.
Just dummy up.
Okay.
Dummy up.
It's such a pathetic goddamn place.
Okay.
Leafs six flyers.
Nothing Saturday.
All right.
We're smoking baby.
Back to back shutouts.
Ready to begal.
Always told he was great.
Didn't I?
No.
Thanks.
Givens coming Thursday.
Everybody's going to be flocking home to be together again.
Gather around the table with delicious homemade food and family.
Traditions after all it's not the turkey that makes the meal special.
It's the people getting ready for the hungry guest can be really stressful, especially
for staying overnight.
If you're having a house full for Thanksgiving, let dial amatris make your holiday
preparations a little bit easier.
Now's the time to call 1-800-MATRUS and get you that new mattress
ending for the house guests get there.
If they're already totally dead, they're coming.
Or even if you don't hear from them like till Wednesday night, dial amatris can still deliver a top quality
silly, sort of a similar king-croll mattress the very same day you be calling them.
I've been sleeping on a dial amatris for years and look at what a support I am, man.
Call dial amatris tool free right now at 1-800-MATRUS and talk turkey with a bed and consult
a suit from the very best mattresses and even better prices.
Rest easy this Thanksgiving knowing that everybody is sleeping comfortably.
You're ready for the holidays right now but time is running out.
Call 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS for dial amatris and be sure and tell them that old neo and fat boy
toward you to call.
Brand name bed same day service, call them now and be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight.
Live and look all this is my city.
The radio's on your side.
You in.
What's your problem?
I'm so patient.
And culture is a party girl's life party girl's life party girl's life.
And culture is a party girl's life party girl's life party girl's life party girl's life.
I'm her back with dark thread.
And this trash is good at every smell.
And this trash at least at every smell.
And this trash at least at every smell.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
political pondent on death the kings from on the law and masturbating a republican's ganky hoes
she's a federalist emote thinking liberal is dirty what you know in a minister show in camo dough
and culture knows what they could be in a minister than spells fish she she's a tall drink of water on the side of the law and order with the back alley look you'd be like your broad scholar if you got the money she'll spread those names with the cigarette and the charge pay
and tell their children political pondents be angel of the eye at a PC lay
maybe that lines of the question for a nice lady friend from Pittsburgh whether we're on this show
I say we I'm talking about me and Carlos and George not Miguel Miguel is in this week because George is on vacation
so Miguel can hold up your end okay lady you're gonna hold up her end depends 10 32 at 5 60 WT QYM happy Monday to you
man don't forget to be still be here on Thursday that should be a real hoot he's gonna be doing his own
heart and contest can you just hear that I wouldn't be so now have you seen him lately yeah because it wouldn't surprise me at all if he's like put some of that weight back on you know
the weight that we sowed desperately and frantically helped him to lose to keep his ass alive the ice eating hooters wings now
nice here's a lady in bokeh hello yeah and Neil in defense of all the lady Neely's out here we get it we don't call because we listen to hear you
well wait a minute that sounds wonderful but let me ask you this how come when we had the alien thing going on and also
during the hanging chat those two episodes only out of the 800 years I've been on the year in this market
how come the women were coming out of both ends of the phone in those days I don't know desperate needy
well what what does that mean you know I listen to you to hear you I can't stand the callers go
I don't call her yeah all her stuff including me I'm not a material okay see you she said she sucks and I saw a smile go up on me girls face and
Carlos do even if I can't see either one of them you're right five six seven oh five six you know
say conservative lady from Pittsburgh she didn't say she sucks and that's because she's a conservative and we know
conservatives don't do no way they don't do that five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 what do you say
let's go get the Saudis baby that's what we ought to be doing instead of pussy foot and around with this
Sodom a crap okay that's just a diversionary tactic this is all a dog and pony show and the Saudis
and of course the bushmasters and all of that crap the Carlisle group all these people are in bed
to get a speaking of politics by the way I thought this is kind of interesting since the Democratic Party
is so desperate and out of material a general for the Democrats question mark this is in news
weaker time time this week our despetic American Democrats ready to turn away military man
for leadership it asks we're tired forced our general Wesley Clark who's been famously opaque
about his party preference and political future met privately last week in New York City with
the group of high-roly Democrats and told him he was seriously considering your run for the
White House sources sell tell time all right you've seen him having you on us CNN so he's one of those
guys it stays by the map I think I know which which guy that stands by the way here the general
launching with about 15 Democratic donors and fundraisers at the park avenue or offices of
Andrew capitalist Alan part of cough they strong Gorebacker in O.O. who's neutral so far in O404
Clark laid out his credentials and his differences with George W a Rhodes scholar who fought and
Vietnam and served the Supreme Allied Commander in Europe from 1997 to 2000 Clark said the U.S.
should finish routing al-Qaeda before taking on Iraq and criticized Bush for being too dismissive
of non-war options there commander of NATO's war in Kosovo in 1999 Clark who juggled the interest
of 19 member nations also took issue with what he sees as Bush's go at a loan style Clark 57 is
an investment banker Lil'arok Arkansas and a commentator for CNN in the interview with Tommy
wouldn't discuss his plans or the lunch I haven't made any decision to run I haven't declared
I'm a member of any political party haven't raised any money he said adding that he has been
traveling around the country talking to groups about developing an American global vision for the
21st century whatever the hell that means one question at the lunch was whether Clark has the
stomach for the attacks on his candidacy would draw from the military enemies he's made during the
Kosovo war despite its success Clark's book waging modern war was tough on many at the Pentagon
including the defense secretary William Cohen who replaced Clark before his tour was up still Clark
might be an attractive new face to the Democrats all right it's clear the public today doesn't
want to think Democrats are strong on national security is the GOP said a source of attended lunch he
has the capacity to negate that argument sounds good to me he's got my vote already Wesley Clark right
great Carlos got mine too yeah leave Miguel out of this because we know that he'll vote for the
Bush mixture okay he's big into Bush that's what I'm here to round town Miguel is big into Bush
Bush Bush Bush did you vote in his last election by the way Miguel no I did it good excellent
one they can have it what's their word of publicants like that five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon world was like this last woman called up and said you
call her suck is what she said she said the call suck but she still didn't answer my question
about how come when we talk about bilingualism we get women up the ass huh how come we get 85
million women call this screaming yell about bilingualism you don't think it's because they're full
of hate do you hear her huh they're much of hate mongers hear her off a lot of men's out Florida
hateful nasty miserable south so many here's North Lauderdale hello good morning yes sir first of all
happy early turkey bird and back to you and now you know you don't put gravy on your stuffing do you
no sir thank god the reason I'm calling I got a call Friday from this is Reverend Jones yeah
five six seven oh five sixty am I getting good or what huh you're good yeah that was him you
recognize him now that I mentioned it carlos how much it does yeah I'll get it don't forget
join the overnight guys Joe and Mark tonight from a night we'll have along with a special guest
from the dolphins Trent Campbell anybody know who that is no Trent Campbell he's kind of Bruce
Campbell used to play for to make believes into the flyers probably not Trent Campbell be there at
gaspies and Davies stop by to win our usual a very low budget QA and prizes and enjoy
specials on crown royal it's the 49ers and the Eagles from out of that football at gaspies and
David night McGill will be there because his booze he ain't paying for it right damn straight there
you go and he's damn straight too fine now what's the story are you going to and now is this the
week for treasure island this week yes this one's there well I don't understand I thought George
was on vacation all week well he's in town he isn't town umph oil I don't understand I thought he
was going away he's gonna know where to go he's got some place to go but he won't miss treasure
island for anything on days when he's sick on a Wednesday if they got treasure island he's over
there okay hoping he might get a little bit lucky you don't think he's getting any at home do you
no chance no chance oh brother what are the odds on that just we know that and what he needs is
one more kid that would that would finish him off another little girl yeah another little girl that
would be good household little girls five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line got a whole bunch of tabloids stuff you want to know why because the tabloids
come out here about a week before they do not know or even know they're published on there I still
don't get that Richard Richard Gears is a stud but the Neuros are done that's in bed I got that
stock got a whole bunch of good stuff drugs destroying four Michael Jackson he's on a way out they
saying we can't wait doctor feels boob of session got a whole probably good stuff might get to it
today before tabloid Tuesday tomorrow that he's a boob you mean he is he to me he is one of the
most anxious in fact that bit that we play about him that that's him that is absolutely him don't
tell me about you tell me about her don't talk to me about her tell me about you yeah just a
an asshole yeah like the bully people oh man and come to find out he's a real scumbag on top of
a doctor feel he makes me kind of long long for that Jonathan Edwards guy and miss Cleo and
every other fake that's been on TV five six seven oh five sixty pound and the ladies are going
to be caught in by the dozens to talk about that people magazine thing aren't they no here's
plantation hello good evening good evening to yeah I'm walking space yeah I do believe what happens
is when people come down the floor are they checking at the border and they leave their brains behind
because every time I try and get a conversation with somebody in the cab and talk to somebody
about something sensible and something about what's going on on the country it's like most people
don't know anything yeah I'd honestly say that 75 to 80% of the people didn't know that ask
Croft or wrecked an occurred around the statue lady justice yeah that whoever I was talking to
about that they didn't even know what I was talking about it's amazing people living their own
little world they live in their own little bubble I think they're like Max most smart and the chief
in the coming of silence that really makes it really makes me feel like I did the right thing
those seven months I was sitting here reading all that stuff that I was very impressed by most of
it myself but I think that 95% of the audience couldn't have given a flying crap less people both
they really don't care they live their own little bubble and they can care what's going on but when
the wolf comes to their door yes when they start worrying about it but I really do think it's a
new thing to say that you're conservative that you're right wings that you're this that you're that
and it's just it's becoming you know it's like the 50s again with the coffee right you're
liberal you gotta hide you gotta like perturbly sneak from doorway to doorway yeah like you're
afraid to say the L word and you know what how was that I'll proud that I'm a liberal proud that
I'm Democrat oh right there you go there's two of us anyway I have a good one male and you two
and don't say titties again right away John Ascroft really get upset and the FCC also okay we don't
want to have no nipple on here baby that Victoria's secret I mean stop and think about how embarrassing
how humiliating and embarrassing that is we got a government agency that's worried now we got
that cop sky there at the FCC Michael Cups all whipped up into a frenzy because he got a handful
of emails we better clap down on this we're worried that we're going to have these spectacular
attacks that thousands or millions of people may die at the hands of maniacal lunatics and we're
worried about nipples on television what's wrong with this picture folks exactly by the way
that's skipping you know in our sales department major asshole 1041 at 560 WDQM while new
balance is done and again just as that big Thanksgiving meal made you sit down to relax new balances
out photo wants you up on your feet they hit in for the big actor Thanksgiving sale this is
absolutely the time to talk turkey new balance see they've been putting thousands of people
of the most comfortable shoes they've ever felt including the ones I'm wearing by the way
walking all over town and and now it's your turn and the good folks in new balance are going to
help you with 15% off their entire stock plus up to 15 50% let me say it again up to 50% off
selected styles what does that mean to you means big savings new balances stuffing you with savings
and all your athletic and footwear needs like shoes for cross training running walking lifting weights
cross dressing new balance wants you to gobble up shoes for any of your weekend warrior activities
make the pilgrimage to new balance for the big actor Thanksgiving sale with 15% off style sizes
and wits issues that you staff to shop for and catalogs are by mail order new balances you one
stuff shop to leave in special order for you know extra charge new balance that sizes from
infant to size 20 so there are no excuses to keep you away from the big actor Thanksgiving sale
and you can get all the trimmings to like new balance athletic shorts shirts and all styles of
athletic socks you can find new balance in the average room all in pinecrest the bokeh town center
and their newest location in prestigious Palm Beach gardens will open in December don't forget
15 to 50% off other stores are turkeys compared to the price ever since selection you'll always find
at new balance a soft border be sure and tell me old neal sent you by
you a m
fly I am not a Nazi
rocks rocks rocks you will find what you are looking for at rock mark
grab a fistful of savings on de Palestinian areas favorite projectile
protest in style with an assortment of fine itnius and conglomerate rocks many sizes available
helped with pride with our handsome selection of metamorphic rock and new imported granite chunks
toss in fashion with a fabulous selection of limestone and shale in the latest new fall colors
plus brows our last minute summer clearance specials on sticks and bottles while supplies last
so for rock bottom prices on de Palestinian areas favorite projectile flinging today to the rock
mark for a fistful of savings there's one just a stone throw away from you 1047 at 560 W
to come we got the mad dog gym manager one he's gonna be really happy about that big dolphin
went over the pot raise the pot raise the charger get same difference same difference and the
eagle all of their teams are not as script how's their hockey team doing seen them no
anyway the chargers yesterday what was it 30 to 3 yep yep he'll be whipped up about that but he's
not going to be too happy about me she can get near ass kicked by Ohio State in a barn and community
burn around Saturday and then we got Hank from Shula State 2 at 3 with the net more at the
5 to 6 to kill an hour 6 30 got her a cool hotline a 30 got the big because we got absolutely nobody
else to stick in there any K at 10 o'clock in June mark overnight no ball games no hockey game no
nothing how about them panthers huh so nice point last night and he calls about that any interest
I'm playing pretty good keen and got him going good made all the yoke and into a real player great
golden in there most of the time nice move by picking up by Yani Hermey from Ottawa anybody know
who these people are no 5 6 7 0 5 60 you know something I might as well be doing this show in some
foreign language like Greek or in Russian or some other guy damn thing what you think
or probably have the same impact here's a lady in sunrise hello hi Neil yes man
I went to high school with the aunt's daughter and she was a skinhead yeah and she will come at
boots and head and shaved her head well how about that and um you came to school once and did a
little thing for music class he's saying everything also I'm burning I love his music he's great
I love his music but you turned out to be a real asshole I'm sorry I'm burning all my
YouTube rise okay okay okay good job she's burning her seat through bras let's hear it right
seventh telegram to John Ascrow saying it's starting to work now okay no more nipples no more sex
no more nothing no more this titty crap okay I don't know for that no more bear
I can ask pretty soon on TV are you going to have his Bob Novak Tucker whatever his name is Carlson
there who's some of these other right wing assholes Sean Hannity Villa Riley that's a
large assing at his TV show back that's are you going to have his right wing propaganda 24 hours
of that every goddamn channel that's what it's going to be 5 6 7 0 5 60 lot of women called
in about those people magazine selections huh and I don't care what anybody says including the
two you and Rika especially compared to that group he's in here he stands heads and shoulders
above them I don't disagree huh what about Miguel how about Miguel's one of your people man
you know like you don't like and Rika all of a sudden yeah what he has no idea what to say
he's insecure what up what up pussy you are man what is wrong with you so in other words you
can't even say you can't even bring yourself to say that a Rika degree says there's a good looking
guy or whatever the hell he is he could get chicks yeah who who is trying to forget about what he
can get I don't think he's getting chicks whatever he's getting that's not the point
he's probably listening right now he's a big fan of this show he invited me personal to come
into his can always does he had his friends surely call personal to invite me to Wisconsin when
I was down there did I go no I was going to the track sorry and Rika I love you he's a wonderful guy
he's got a great sense of humor he loves this program and you're sitting there as one of his people
oh he and one of your people aren't they Spanish yeah they're Spanish yeah he and one of your
people at all okay no one of your see all them six man they hate each other the Cubans hate the
spaniards and a Colombians hate to go out of mall and say I'll hate each other and George hates
the Puerto Rican or George hates everybody now that George ain't here this week that he's on
vacation let's rip him an ass what do you say all right sure yeah he ought to be used to a
bayeye you see he's waiting in the wings he wants to move right in era he wants Eric job he's starting
to get like yeldy this kid you know how guilty wants jugs McDonald's job he wanted to Joe Zagak he's
out he wants everybody's job which is why he's sucking up to that old man so much the unmentioned
old one but same thing with Carlos there he wants George's job he wants Eric's job on the website
which from what I'm hearing there's no money to be made there anyway so what do you want that for
I just want to help I mean Eric gave me this tale of whoa on Friday I called him just to change the
just to change the pool not to like gonna have a long heart to heart conversation oh my god
I thought I was gonna break down in tears from such a depressing conversation
but drop a little bit Eric okay I know you're under the gun you're under a lot of pressure
up there it's cost a lot of money to maintain that growth to keep eating enough you know what it's
blue sky and sunny now here which it wasn't supposed to be today can you believe that
what well it's only gonna be 40 so don't get too carried away yeah it's better than 80 oh
is it 80 there it's gonna be god damn now it's I like this it's really invigorating I have no
complaints yet it's gonna get colder toward the led lighter part of the week I have no complaints
yet about the weather I like it I like walking out there with my leather jacket on you feeling
the figure-rated the air is fresh you don't feel like you're gonna pass out and wilt from the heat
book says nazis paid the Dutch attorney in juz
I'm shodam Dutch bounty and see I don't care what anybody says maybe it's only my landlord
that I'm judging all this by and as much as the Dutch hate the Germans like poison and they really
do because they hold a grudge for a long time but I think that some of them Dutchman there
had a little like German in him if he kids my drift Dutch bounty hunters paid by the Nazis
captured thousands of Dutch men and women and children during WW2 and sent them to their debts
in concentration camps in new book says doesn't surprise me at all I don't know what the hell
of me does do it I think the mate is working in the place next door to me this morning rattling
crap around in the hall quit all the noise out there you maniac we'll send you back wherever you
came from all you illegal aliens now they are there a bunch of illegal aliens in this building a
price on their heads by Dutch author ad van limth highlights a dark page in Dutch history a band
a 54 middle aged men who scoured the land in search of Jews and hiding oh hey mr. van limth
asserts that eight thousand to nine thousand people three times more than earlier estimates were
turned in for cash the findings could help us plan by the hundred eight thousand Dutch Jews
forced from their homes total far more per capita than in Belgium or France at David Barna
of the Netherlands Institute for War documentation what his work reveals is that contrary to earlier
beliefs it was largely the Dutch themselves and not the Germans who turned in the Jews Mr.
Bruno said mr. van limth said in an interview that he was shocked by the extent of this painful
chapter of human betrayal in his country famous for being the place where Anne Frank had for two years
mr. van limth takes a close look at the bounty hunters describing them as family types often
unemployed or low-end jobs who volunteered for the work out of greed and hatred of Jews who
their victims probably would be killed he must have owned my landlord the Dutch department as
the Nazis called it was also known as the colon heineke after its leader Wim heineke he'd
been trafficking in stolen Jewish property and whole Nazis begun offering cash for Jewish prisoners
workers were paid about 15 gilders a week or 75 bucks in today's exchange rate plus seven and a half
gilders or 37 and a half bucks per capture jume Mr. van limth writes that that would be enough for them
he says that to make a man named David Sanders reveal where his children are they knocked out his teeth
in that they traveled for days to capture a three-year-old girl Florthy Scythrin who later got gas
to the camp in Sibur Sibur Poland so be more whatever it is the hunters were poses friends of
relatives to trick people into revealing hiding places and would use papers taken from captives to
find new victims mr. van limth says he poured over 450,000 prosecution files on Nazi sympathizers
many of them kept secret until recently a few perpetrators received the death penalty after the war
but many more flooded Germany and elsewhere other than heineke and his partner William Brydie
the names of the bounty hunters have been changed to protect the privacy of their children
after the war the death siverland of collaborators were unfairly punished for these of their parents
mr. van limth said some of them are still traumatized today i don't want to contribute to that he said
how do you like that huh i hear you thought those Dutchmen were such wonderful folks with all
that in a frank crap how's that and do it now anybody seen her lately not recently no
too mild of getting see that's what a lot of people all realize is that eventually they caught them
somebody squealed on them and they came upstairs they're out there's the hiding place
you're all going to get a shower and uh whatever and they did and probably got turned in by the
by the Dutchman goes to show you those fractured fur details man a lot fractured history
10.55 at 5.60 w.o.a.m 5.6.7.05.60 pound 5.60 of the 18 in team so glad i spent all that time on
that people magazine thing you know which you'll see the tremendous response plus it's your shop
miguel real fast because they basically according to miguel he's the only good-looking man in the
world everybody else should say he's got no opinion comes that way it works huh of course okay
you know what it comes to eating in good food there's so many good restaurants to choose from
but if you're looking for the best deli in town you bet it's her bets her bets has been slicing it
and piling it on thick for over 30 years it's New York style deli and it's finest with her bets
homemade pea soup delicious daily specials and the best pastrami corn beef and brisket out of
the sun could i take a drink of this it's a machaya her bets even has got the pickles coals long
cucumber salad on the tables like the old days before those old Jews put all the other delis out
of business her best was even voted the best breakfast in cheap eats restaurant on city search
dot com now is the time to start thinking about your holiday party needs you bet and her best
does a fantastic job with holiday planners and catering for your family parties are at the orifice
her best has been serving some of my least top corporations for years if you order now next
with me a Roger show you'll get 10% off your holiday catering order you can't beat it her best is
on 79th Avenue just off the palm it'll call Greg and tell him your mighty glad that herb goal
it isn't there anymore call Greg at 305 59278 18 that's 305 59278 18 reach him on the net if you
like it her bets dot com the best alien mime you bet it's her bets
you know when he like suck s coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity
music bag of your profile story we take a good hard stiff looking to start him he was such a
strange little mother people used to say he wasn't alien from another planet well folks he was
he was Gary Newman I tell you the guy was scary hold those eyes he looked like he could suck the urine
out of your bladder with the power of his mind alone Bobby large man was a roadie for Gary Newman
during his heyday after every show he uh she's it's too weird he's like unzipped his skin
and there was this spindly-ass glowing alien from what close encounters I s**t my pants I'm
not ashamed to say it in 1980 BBC rock critic Edward Upper Glass was sent to interview Gary Newman
he has never returned but an audio tape was mysteriously delivered to BBC headquarters in London days
later wake up and get up the BBC what the holy crap where am I Gary why am I strapped this level table
you wish you interview me I also need certain things from you wait a minute where's that
probe going up what is your first question so Gary is who are your musical influences
I'll let the other John and the Bee Gees are you bleeding kidding me
Gary Newman think about it you never see him and the being from outer space in the same
photograph together it's a big juicy shopping-weather look at show business tonight on inside of
a high level of two at five sixty wqa and we got three hundred and thirteen votes on a pool
today on your Rogers dot com how do you rate yourself politically as we're trying to find is there
any point is there any use what do you think no no let's see like I said it's read three hundred
sixteen votes fairly liberal 11 look out McGell we're gonna come and get you I'm writing
independent sixty fairly conservative 51 very liberal 48 not in a politics at all thirty two and
very conservative fourteen we got fourteen very conservative people out of which is good
which is good we don't want everybody just to agree here what's the plan in preaching to the choir
right here we don't want to have too many liberal people out there it's bad for business it's bad
for America we got a leghou step in alignment here's our last call looks like to me for Lauderdale
hello hey Neil first time long first time long time eleven years okay thanks for the last listen
three things first of all there must be a lot more European countries that can spark with the
Nazis than I have a thought possible you mean like Austria like Austria now you're talking about
the Dutch I guess when you have a country had it's kind of hard to to not the choir no I don't
think so I think that there were plenty of Dutchman and plenty of Austrians who were very enthusiastic
in fact as far as Austria's concern which in order to get the elections there they're going
back to the far right I think that they were more gumhoe than the Germans were really yeah
wasn't there always the threat of the Gestapo if you didn't cooperate I'm not I'm not talking
about those people who were coerced into cooperating I'm talking about those who did very enthusiastically
okay there's a big difference have it in full one final thing the Palestinian bit I had a pull
over in my truck I was crying so hard from laughing I couldn't see where I was going okay very much
back out for the rock on a windshield deal man okay have a great day okay that takes
here our calls for today we want the calls back me we want the calls take some call okay we did
let's see into those I would just calm down and relax that nothing there is ever going to change
you're just the same I just said said I don't know what it is that could possibly change that place
maybe maybe like an influx of maybe a several hundred thousand more illegal aliens sounds good yeah
that'll get you bastards all whipped up to a frenzy again that's what it's going to take you know
that small handful a couple hundred Haitians a few weeks ago that ain't going to do nothing I think
about another four five hundred thousand Cubans what do you say yeah that'll get all his women
out of the closet calling in that that that that that that that that that that that all whipped up into a
frenzy look at that is that incredible look at that phone man are we on the air is this a joke is
it I know it's not a full fool is the different holiday is this a practical joke today that you guys
are pulling on me did Robert Creeper actually shut the transmitter off all this show was on the
here had to be five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon and what that was
Robert Creeper doing the netherga this morning sucking him around with us you're not fooling anybody
Robert okay you turn coat you backstabbing phony you're not fooling us just keep in mind Robert the
new motto on this show we draw the line at yeah that's it you got it we draw a big thick broad line
yeah geek is he is he not the definitive geek or what huh he's all right first of all you don't
know what a good good looking guy looks like beside yourself secondly Robert you wish you what what
does he got naked pictures he wears something with a bellygoat what do you what do you have to
suck up to him for I don't have to suck up to me good guy he is not a good guy he's a phony he's a
the only reason I'm saying that is every now and then we need him for information exactly see
right I always thought Robert was a pretty good guy okay good Jewish boy here's Kendall hello
Kendall yes sir how are you doing okay hey I'm calling a
a bit of a listen to you for a long time and down nervous foot uh hey um I got a funny story
I was a first remover for 13 years I moved on Nicholas Lindstrom from Red Wing yeah and I was
in this I was moving his tie rack and I was trying to get the bolts out of the wall and I said
Mr. Lindstrom I said how do you you know how does come off and as soon as I get that the whole
damn tie rack is spelled right down on the floor nice nice nice really still ties and all that you
but uh and another uh different Anthony Cardi's to play for uh the biking yeah I moved him one
time and his wife uh I was moving him from Michigan to uh uh West Palm Beach and his wife one we
was like I'm really back to No Stop and they wanted me to leave the um of mattress the king
mattress in the house I wanted to leave that night and his his wife said she goes hey uh let me tell
me I've never stopped on the floor of my life but I'll be again if I'm gonna start now if you
start unloading that whole truck if you can't come back tomorrow and I thought man oh man you know
what what a miserable lady right but uh hey how what's your what's your cake on the Red Wing this year
uh well since Kujo is playing over there I hope they lose every game oh oh all right Mr.
Nile thank you we're lucky pal thanks that is our Anthony Carter little piece of tribute that nobody
cares about he went to some coast high in West Palm Beach and I broadcast those games on WJNO
did you know that nope some coast high football yeah expose minor league baseball in West Palm
Beach I'm WJNO it's one of the many uh side things that I did up there I did a lot of things on
the side five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon World of Slime those
were the days baby 1975 lost a hundred pounds in a year that's the only time in my adult life I
honestly say I look human can you believe that lost a hundred pounds in a year 47 years ago
and what are you laughing about see see that's the way it is being fat what you know nothing about
you say to yourself she it's been five years since I lost all that weight and I just can't seem
to do with him then all of a sudden you say god that was 10 years ago I lost all of it and now it's
20 seven years it's almost a lifetime ago it's my life time ago yeah it's Carlos's freaking
lifetime ago I lost all of that weight so what's my big claim to fame okay besides being fat
versus why I work in QA because working there I feel very skinny I feel like Karen Carpenter
working on that station the fattest radio station in America by far by far we got more fattets
in miracle that building holds up you know what what are that elevators in such bad shape a Greg go
higher some skinny people you have butt blood that's why we had to hire Carlos
do you are you aware of that I thought it's because there was nobody else no that's your
reason he got the job he's the only skinny punk that we could find who'd work cheap very cheap
almost for free now who now is this online too hello hello yes sir okay sir did you see the
okay great that's great okay now the model is from any cloney fans a couple weeks ago was
probably calling and saying bye they really suck and they look as sucks in a whole team sucks
they're going to the Super Bowl we'll see maybe they will and maybe they won't maybe they will
and maybe they won't I was busy watching the Patriots game which even though they had a hell of a
time with those damn Vikings it was sure a lot more exciting than a 30 to three blowout I mean
you know when in doubt blow them out there's nothing wrong with that just like the way that the
Patriots man handle the bills a couple weeks back that's that's fine
but sometimes a little bit of excitement is more interesting to watch even though
it gave me a pounding headache in for my gut sound I got a Super Bowl man
we we we we you're something after last Thursday night and this is yesterday are we blessed to be
in South Florida when you come right down to it oh yeah aren't you blessed to be in South Florida
since I'm out there five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless
line how about them Panthers man oh proving last night that a tie is not necessarily like kissing
your sisters especially when you come from two bulls down and the third period and tied up with
24 seconds left in regulation anybody watching anybody care no no here's plantation hello
yeah eleven o'clock I turn on the radio and turn you on and I hear you the
no phone calls I don't have any calls I don't have any calls so I figured let me call
a miserable bastard yeah say hello and ask them to play or they can go back to Canada you you bastard
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line see every time
we get a call like that you know what it's like him saying I have no material see rather than go
through that long torture things you're wanting to just say I have nothing to say I've no
material here's vocal hello hi Neil how you doing okay it's difficult to follow the intelligence
that last color but he was great the while I voted for a very conservative on the poll I never
miss a show and I I love the bedtime stories and while you and I don't always don't always agree it's
it's what I mean always agree if you're very conservative how why would we ever agree well no say
I'll tell you where we agree on two areas first I disagree with this whole database set up by by the
government the second thing is I agree with the Saudis we should have we should have taken
them that a long time ago yeah fly the Chevron flag over that country once and for all now you're talking
that's right I take Condolecia to get the old Chevron flag on for all and get it over there you
know that is and that's one of those things that the the Republican Party and the conservatives have
let them get away with forever and there's I'm sure you know all those reasons behind the scenes
that we don't know about but I've I've just had it with this group and let's let's take you know
what we should have done when the commies were around let's draw a line in the Middle East you
guys take this half we'll take the other give Russians this half and we'll take the other because
this that's the spot in the world that's a lot of source of trouble it's enough is enough so that
is that in the database but I but I have to say that I really wish especially from the 12 to one hour
just a suggestion from me it seems like the operators tend to call you know soon as new
rules around you get you know you get all those left and intelligent people who call and
and give you a hard time so maybe more bend you know that maybe more bedtime stories then
and I missed the the volume of bedtime stories used to do and I appreciate it with them other
so it was it was really because I don't have a chance to sit down and go through every single paper
and and even though like I said you and I don't always agree which I really would be if you could
see the pile of stuff I got here which keeps getting bigger and bigger because like you say and I
don't read that much anymore like I used to there for those few months but you know I sent to
myself not that I really mind doing it it's just that I realized I'm wasting my time and there's
a big percentage of it I said no I am wasting my time in South Florida you kidding me I might as well
be talking to my little dog well you got one here you got you know why I can't be the only person who
enjoys it definitely Tom jick I can't be the only person who enjoys it oh and by the way time jick
it wants you to know that that Martin and Louis show on CBS last night was a great movie which I
watched 20 minutes of it was the worst piece of crap I've ever seen in my life it was garbage was
annoying and I turned it right off well you can let Tom know that I listen to your show every day
and I never read his column so take that for what it's worth good choice thanks a lot I see you I
didn't like that little Tommy you idiot oh yeah he don't write anything local Tommy even though
he says I'm out of touch because I'm in Toronto right now in Amsterdam part of the year he hasn't
written anything local except that puff piece about y 100 being on Hollywood squares or whatever
hell it was that's his idea of a local story you're a joke Tom and you're taste in network
television man the Martin and Louis thing last night the war it could then the worst show I've
ever seen in my life horrible acting ridiculous just crap did you see any of it no I didn't see any
of it man I wonder you're in a good movie I'm glad to watch something else what else was on
it's a proud of man oh I see I was watching the part of the Panther game I was all over the
dial I was around after after 920 I gave it a chance hoping that it might go somewhere and it went
right in the old crapper garbage horrible acting over done with the thing with the with the crackers
in a mouth and break into plates and it was it wasn't funny see see one thing about Jerry Lewis when
he was funny I know that's hard to believe but once upon a time he was actually funny not a mismovie
Monday racing is back at Pompano Park tonight Pompano was now open for live harness racing every
Monday like tonight Wednesday Friday and Saturday we're into our full four night a week schedule first
post on 715 p.m. there is free general parking free clubhouse and grandstand the mission every afternoon
evening but don't forget if Monday racing is back at Pompano Park then there has to be a free
spaghetti night coming up oh how about next Monday December 2 with every Pompano Park program
purchased that Monday after 6 p.m. next Monday you get a coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner at
the fourth floor of players lounge life doesn't get much better than that free spaghetti well or could
you want bring your teeth in a glass why not come out for an evening or great horse racing action
root humble winner from the rail preach yourself to a private box seat on the fourth floor or enjoy
a Ben and Jerry's hot pot Sunday with slice of a lot of pizza by the way Neil we know you like Ben
and Jerry's any other foods you like that was one of my favorite crawls last week curlings
yeah remember that guy yeah any other foods you like no that's all I eat Ben and Jerry's
and the Broward County Fair is underway Pompano Park through December 1 naked a double header
with a trip to the fair then the night the races plung your brains out no free yet every Wednesday at
Pompano Park is dollar a night you can get a draft beer hot dog soda large pretzel or popcorn for
only a bucket piece this Saturday November 30th will be family fun night at the track with free
finger painting I thought with a free finger printing oh I can't believe this free finger printing
and photo IDs for kids they're gonna fingerprint your kids free free many horse rides they
have a finger prints some of the drivers free popcorn free face painting and magic show and stuff
with the parents too like free drugs when tickets on CSC just you know dinner crews what is that
Pompano Park offering full card silent casting every day 70s we starting at noon with
highlight harness and thoroughbred racing action don't forget the big news is live racing tonight
and every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday 7 30th at Pompano Park on Powerline Road of Black
South of Atlantic Boulevard and prestigious Pompino Beach
by and local here sports video 560s you a U-A-A
it's day
this is Miami Town at 560 WQ-A-L
all right
Condoleezza Condoleezza
stop
Black head token, schmarts the stars.
Is you day, cause you are Hatton, bootly foe?
Is you deflacte and jemma meh, who'll be smart?
Does they like how you shot their shoes under Lisa?
On the way you wash and pop the white his cars.
George it's you, you're seigny trust you can't believe you.
Who's they la, allies of the greedy oil low?
But then he make you clean all the white past basil.
The cup the scene, the toilet and then scrub the floor.
They tell you don't wear sandals, god don't leave them.
Your cold-kipped toenail makes them warm of wretchin' you.
Your nappie lega look a slide, get me velcro.
And you'll be what you'll be let go this new.
One day while you be flippin' fang, you may realize that they're treating you just like your esterone.
That's when your head will move from side to side, from the Lisa.
Until bush and rummy, they be cracked or asshole.
The even people magazine asked to suck up to the right fingers now,
but put Donald Rumsfeld or Rummy in there in a list of the sexiest men in the world.
I mean what are we talking about here?
Seriously, a cow pie is sexier than he is.
Even Miguel would admit that.
Who doesn't know what a good looking guy looks like number one and number two don't want to offend anybody on the right.
Baton Rouge, Louisiana, speakin' of politics and already a bit of US Senate campaign got personal Saturday afternoon
the conclusion of a tape debate between Democrat Senator Mary Landro and Republican State Elections Commissioner Suzanne Tarell.
What if she's kind of tami-tarell, you think?
After a 10th 30-minute segment, tape to WDSU studio is in New Orleans.
How about the Saints, Losing a Who did it?
What girls seem to they lose to the other day?
The Saints lost like to the Browns, didn't they?
Oh my god.
Anyway, after a 10th 30-minute taping segment, the two candidates were preparing to leave.
According to witnesses, Landro looked over her shoulder and told Tarell,
this is your last campaign.
A stun-tarell replied, she threatened me.
No other words passed between the new New Orleans two New Orleans women,
but moderator Alec Gifford said Landro appeared peved.
She just kind of stalked out of the studio, Gifford said.
A Landro spokesman, Rich Mastersett, said the comment wasn't a threat,
but a prediction that after running such a negative campaign, Tarell would no longer be viable as a candidate in Louisiana.
A Tarell spokesman said Tarell was shocked at what happened and saw this aside of Landro's desperation.
The bad blood has been a long time coming.
Don't we have that record bad blood by the coasters?
No.
During the primary of the National Republican Senatorial Committee financed a bare knuckle campaign against Landro,
claiming she had turned her back on Louisiana, and the runoff Landro has begun to strike back.
In a new TV ad she says, to well-favorite tax relief only for the wealthy.
Sounds like kind of a bush thing, if you ask me.
Sounds like kind of a Republican thing.
If you ask me.
56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T line,
354 votes on a poll on theorages.com.
How do you rate yourself politically?
Fairly liberal 115, independent 71.
Fairly conservative 63.
Very liberal 57.
Very liberal.
Not in the politics at all 33.
And very conservative like that last caller was a pretty good guy by the way 15.
How come he was like so reasonable and how are those real goose stepping card curing?
How come how come he was like that?
Maybe he wasn't from here.
Here's Volca. Hello.
Volca.
Yes sir.
Hello Leo.
Yes I am.
Yes this is from Volca.
I want to share a laugh with you guys.
I hope you enjoyed as much as I did.
The other day I was driving down the street and I remember that bitch you guys do about the retired little girl riding a driving a car.
I think she goes, do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do.
Yeah.
Anyway I looked up and somebody had a home drawn sign that said, slow children at play.
And I the bit in that picture I couldn't help the crack up.
I just went hand in hand and I know you inspired you inspired me to play in a little bit.
Well thanks for me and Neil and I appreciate you for last 10 years.
Well thank god for you sir and have a great day.
You too. Thank you.
Little see that nothing wrong with that.
It's holiday week.
We got Thanksgiving coming up.
Let's be thankful we got some nice people out there who are not upset.
Who don't want me to become more conservative or more religious or to become straight and start chasing after a hot woman like Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
Rosalina.
She quarantined right away.
with Dim Philippa.
Congratulations.
We apologize for doing that.
What number currently in this
school?
to show you how well it drives.
We're in the car.
We're in the car.
We're in the car.
We're in the car.
We're in the car.
Our agency thought this would move some product out of the showroom.
We're in the car.
Look at her go.
We're in the car.
This is funny.
You're watching retires at the park.
We're in the car.
We're in the car.
We're in the car.
We're in the car.
We're in the car.
If someone that's severely retarded, you can have that much fun in it.
She's hungry.
She's having a lot of things to eat.
Watch out for the bullets.
1131 at 560.
I don't like to step it on when that last thing is just about to hit the wall.
I can play James Bond music for this because it's a Bond kind of a story but I think this is more appropriate.
The resourceful Q James Bond's chief engineer has captured movie goers imagination for decades
by offfitting the secret agent with a stazzy instead of spy guides.
It's fake fingerprints.
Underwater breeder, toxic pens and killer umbrellas.
But reality might be catching up with the fictional spy.
Take for example,
the self-destructing DVD.
These describe the information that's stored on them for a set amount of time, 8 to 60 hours, then poof.
The content mysteriously self-destructs.
Have you heard about these?
You have now.
It fits the theme of James Bond very well, so Alan Blasden had a flex play
a two-year-old start-up in New York City that is patented to technology.
What a great theme, huh?
Let's do those TV themes again.
What do you say?
I love those shows.
Think the audience hates those?
They like them.
I like it.
At any rate, the latest Bond flick, Dianna the Day, uses flex play DVDs to show reporter scenes from the movie before was released.
The discs included a letter from Q warning recipients.
Once you remove the DVD from its packaging, you only have 36 hours to watch it.
After the time is elapsed, two letter advises.
The disc then makes a nice martini coaster.
How did the disc work while Blasden was secretive about that?
Chemistry technologies, all he would say.
But watching the discs turn into a deep purple color after the allow to 36 hour interval yielded an important clue as did the company's website.
Because DVDs are optically read, the clarity and transmission of life through the disc surface are critical to playback performance.
Blasden said the self-destructing discs are a good way to give customers a quick taste of music, movies or TV shows.
The discs which are copy protected, enticed by us to plop down money for the non-disappearing version of the content he said.
Like that self-destructing tape, right?
In fishing if possible?
The technology could also be used by software companies trying to disweight computer owners from illegally sharing the same version of it installed disc.
Flexplay discs are so known that they've been used only for one other promotion in October at Music City was handed out to MTV Latin American fans.
When his brother company will go from Ears Top Secret Blasden, say he's working on a number of deals, nothing I can talk about right now is simply.
He's not worried that reality will catch up with James Bond's script writers. Hollywood is 50 or 60 steps ahead and everybody else keeps his sand.
Alright!
Oh! I love it!
26th till noon at 560 WDQM got mad dog coming along it to be kind of a schizophrenic mad dog today I would assume.
Very excited about the Dolphin Big Wind yesterday, very depressed about Michigan getting beat by Ohio State on Saturday.
What a shame, huh?
What a shame and as I said, anybody who went to Michigan State, I see I did make an exception when Tom Brady played for Michigan.
I was rooting for Michigan. I was pulling for him.
Which was the sure where I'm coming from.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 CM of Gillson.
Faggot mighty corn.
Yeah, I can hear it up here. I hear you mumbling that under your breath.
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T. Am I right Carlos? Did you see him out of it?
Yeah, right. He thinks he said you're a burgundy. He wrote some more like...
There's more like Candace burgundy, what?
He didn't come on there.
Who didn't?
No, he says that I didn't come on there.
When I said that I did see his lips move.
See, he's trying to stop me from saying things.
Yeah, I could control your board from here.
See, look, don't push him too far. He already admitted that Enrique is a good looking guy.
And that's it for the day. Okay, don't push him beyond that.
You'll have an emotional breakdown.
Here's North Miami Beach. Hello.
North Miami Beach, where there's a lot of Tittorign going on.
Hello.
Okay, too much Tittorign. Okay, take the phone out of your...
Correct.
...to next time you call. Okay?
Boy, here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Miami. Sorry. Hey, Mayor.
Listen, what you do right now is the best of both worlds.
You could read articles and take phone calls because when you do too much of one and not enough for the other, it's kind of boring.
That's right. You got to mix it up a little bit, baby. That's what I always say.
And also, the James Bond movie, the May 47 million.
And they said that eight miles may be 54 million.
So they're saying that they might make a whole bunch of eight mile movies.
And some crap like that. Did you hear anything about that?
Sure, hope not.
Maybe they can move down to seven miles, seven mile in Liburnoy.
Yeah, I'm out of material.
Okay, you worry before you start it. Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I understand what he's coming from.
In other words, if M&M movie made more than James Bond,
then why not have a whole bunch of them? What do you say?
Why not have a whole bunch of M&Ms anyway?
I sure do like them purple ones.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
When's the last time you had a good crunchy bar, by the way?
Did we ever have a crunchy?
Never heard of it.
I ain't chocolate, so.
I got the strangest people I work with on this show.
You know, whoever heard of anybody who hates chocolate,
whoever, whoever, whoever, heard us such a thing.
Most people would die for chocolate.
Most people are obsessed with chocolate.
Most people are chocolate.
When I talk about that Nestle's turtle ice cream, people are going,
they're making guttable sounds.
They're sticking their finger in each other.
And if they can't find somebody else in their own.
But really?
Now, when you eat ice cream, for example, you eat ice cream?
Like caramel, dulce, lait, cha.
I said you eat ice cream, is what was the question?
What you just mentioned is not ice cream.
Okay, first of all, I must be hoggendaz.
No, I hate hoggendaz.
Oh, farm stores brand.
Oh, that's even worse.
Farms did. That's about it.
That's about it.
That's about it.
That's about it.
Ice cream.
And why not?
Because Carlos is kind of like a generic guy, if you saw him.
He's about as generic looking as anybody I've ever seen.
So if it's right in, there you go.
Five, I just, I don't know how to, how there it is.
I thought I lost my damn theme thing.
See the.
Now, don't push your luck.
Okay, that one was great.
Fiction impossible was good.
Save it for another day, like maybe tomorrow.
388 votes on a poll already.
How do you rate yourself politically?
Fairly liberal, 125 independent 81.
Fairly conservative, 69.
I think you made that number up, Miguel.
Sure did.
Very liberal, 62.
Not into politics at all, 34.
And very conservative, 17.
Got him all over the place on his show.
That's the way we like it.
AOR, all over the road.
Stephen Schwartz writes in the New York Post today.
News of possible support by the Saudi world family
for the butchers of 9-11 and a new report on the massive
Serbian arm sales to Sodom who's saying should revise our
membership list for the axis of evil, the evil doers.
But President Bush first used the phrase he preferred to
Iraq, Iran and North Korea, three-row states that have assisted
terrorists throughout the world.
But Iraq is different from Iran and North Korea.
The latter to our tyrannies and crisis in Tehran,
reformers are locked in combat with reactionaries to be to
defend the nature of the Islamic Republic.
Further, Iran is indicated it would support our actions
against Sodom who's saying.
And Pyongyang, a brittle and impoverished experiment,
more confucian and communist is clearly failed.
It would have been the Pyongyang.
Sodom who's saying is a fascist and fascism is different
from ordinary tyranny.
Fascism has a stink that chemical weapons use
to massacre whole populations of cut throats and of spilled blood
of the wholesale degradation of society.
Tehran may be tragic, but fascism is simply criminal.
Iran does not support Sodom, but Saudi Arabia does,
if only back candidly, by trying to divert our attention
from the serial killer in Baghdad to the ongoing crisis in Israel.
And while our political and media geese cackel that there's no
connection between Sodom and I-11, more links between that
horror and Saudi regime are revealed daily.
The latest federal authorities have not decided how to
investigate a monetary gift from Prince's IFA,
wife of Saudi ambassador to the US Prince Bondar Ben Sultan,
two of the 9-11, to two of the 9-11 hijackers,
15 of the 19 as we know were Saudi subjects.
Saudi Arabia and its Wahabi death cult represent naked Islamo
fascism, or I like that word Islamo fascism, with the same stink.
The order that hung in the U.S. long after 9-11,
the unmistakable smell of the dead victims of Wahabi Saudi
terrorism inside and outside the kingdom.
There's nothing surprising in fighting a money trail
from the 9-11 scum to the police residence of Prince Bondar.
15 of 19 was not attacked by Osama bin Laden with the
logically inevitable product of Wahabi as in the state religion of the Saudi
monarchy, and who occupies third place in the fascist axis,
much more so than North Korea.
The government of Serbia, no less, which only three years ago was
busy, busy, with murdering Albanian children in Kosovo.
As detailed in a major report to be released today by the
International Crisis Group title Arming Sodom, the U.S.
Lump connection, Serbia has derived billions in income from the
massive sale of the Sodom of biological chemical and missile
technology from military use.
Serbia, the murderer of hundreds of thousands of Bosnian Muslims and Albanians,
is a national partner for Sodom, the killer of the Kurds and Saudi Arabia
paint pit of 9-11, the stink is identical.
Serbia reintroduced real fascism the Europa decade ago, with all the
prerequisite props, concentration camps, mass rapes, liquidation of whole
villages, the massacre of civilians, Serbian society is rotten to the
core and seems almost incapable of redeeming itself.
Sodom, Saudi Arabia and Serbia constitute a genuine fascist axis,
and that's the real axis of evil.
As more necessary against all of them, no Serbia has been defeated,
what it needs is the purge of all fascist elements from its political and economic
life, and their full punishment.
Nor is war needed in Saudi Arabia.
We must compel the Saudis to come clean about their involvement in 9-11,
thoroughly and truthfully.
We must demand full and exemplary punishment of all criminals behind 9-11,
and we must compel the Saudi rulers to sever the links between
monarchy and state on the one hand, and Wahhabiism on the other.
Good luck. He says this can be done and must be done with a
Wahhabiism ruled from power in Saudi Arabia.
A transition to democracy may begin.
War is not required for this to happen.
In Iraq, our President will, I believe, make the right decision.
Using the military technology we saw used so effectively in Kosovo,
but make no mistake, the real axis of evil stinks of fascism of death
and cruelty from Belgrade to Baghdad via Riyadh, and war against fascism
is what we should be ready to enjoy, where it's even shortsighted that is near
a post.
How do you like them, apples, huh?
Like it.
18th to noon at 560 WQM, let's go kick some ass, baby.
My, my, and look all, this is 430560.
You ain't can't weigh.
Two young, baby.
Longed you couple missiles.
Tour to place we know.
Yes.
And aim a madame fella, whose first name begins with a hoe.
There's one thing we all understand.
Al-Qaeda won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
Yes.
We could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops.
But special forces are some tired of jumping through them who's
you'd go and we need another airplane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and go blow up Pakistan.
All right.
Now quit and even nuclear tank.
Why don't we stop pussy food and go blow up Pakistan?
And of course Saudi Arabia happens to be on the way.
If you know what I'm saying.
1147 at 560 WQM.
Look at that phone again.
Well, I said it's a battle today.
What kind of a show do you think the beast is going to have on Thursday?
Poor guy.
Don't you think that if he's smart being Thanksgiving asans for years on his show,
we've had the vision on Thanksgiving day of playing like mostly comedy bits all day?
Do you see what I'm saying?
Don't you think that would be a good idea?
That would not be a bad idea.
I'm not trying to tell him how to do the show.
And I don't think that would be, you know, since he's going to be there actually live,
it's probably, you know, would be a cop out to do all stuff.
But a lot of that would probably be good.
I'm just a suggestion.
Yeah, because I think you're going to get tremendous amount of response on the phone.
Like we're having a day for example.
I mean, how can you beat this?
Here's our call from Poor Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, how are you feeling?
Okay.
By the way, thank you for reading all these great articles.
I wanted to let you know that in the 2000,
October 14th, 2002, New York,
there's a great story about Condoleezza Rice.
They talk about her childhood or background or parents.
They quote some of her friends.
And if you haven't seen it,
the app you just send it to you if you,
your screeners can give me a PO box.
And also in Harper's,
there's a story by Nicholas Frazier about what the Europeans are all saying behind our backs.
And it's called,
do Europe and America have irreconcilable differences?
And I know those are two articles that you would enjoy based on what you read.
And I think that if you somehow get them to you if you want them.
Okay, hang on.
Thank you very much.
Okay, give him an address and the pretend we want.
I mean, no, we want those.
Take care of that, Carlos.
Okay.
Got five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, boy,
it's few and far between and I sure am glad I wasted my time with that people magazine thing.
A lot of women calling it about that.
No.
Not one.
Not one.
The annual issue I got right here on the floor where it's belongs,
sexiest man alive, then Eiffelac.
Which is your list, huh?
Maybe they agree.
Yeah, but that's not the point.
How about all these other people on the list?
How about Simon Cowell?
Huh?
How about Benjamin Brat?
Pierce Brosnan.
Jimmy Fallon.
Oh my God.
Is he ugly or what?
What do you mean he's not ugly?
Seriously, this is the biggest bunch of keep resuddling.
Twenty four is a good show.
Jesse James.
Most of these are people I wouldn't touch with your hand.
Harry Connick Jr.
Oh, good.
Golly Miss Molly.
Let's take up a collection and get some guy to him eyeglasses.
Let's get some ophthalmological appointments for some of the women on his panel who picked these for people magazine again.
Anderson Cooper from ABC's The Mole.
He looks like The Mole.
Kenny Chesney from No Shoes, No Shirt, No Problems, No Schmidt.
Man, is he gross?
Mimit Oz?
What a list of losers on here.
And Donald Rumsfeld.
And not to mention John Ligwiz.
What's his name?
Like Wizamo?
That's it.
Ugh.
Who's a midget from Mulan Rouge?
I've stepped on stuff that looked better than that.
But nothing from the audience because we don't have any women out there.
Don't give me this song in advance about they don't call because they have whatever whatever that woman was saying earlier in the show.
They don't call because unless it has to do with hate, unless it has to do with a hate spicks, they don't have anything else to say.
That's it.
They hate spicks.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, speak in English.
Buh, buh, buh, that's it.
That's the repertoire of South Florida's English-speaking women.
Or when they want something.
Oh yeah, you're going to eat free tickets.
Here's Hialia.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, this is Paul from Hialia.
Yes, Paul.
By the way, my wife's Cuban and she wants to get out of Hialia.
But I've stayed here since I was born.
Yeah.
But anyway, I'm a green goat.
I've been wondering, is it possible that there's Kaola in the talk show industry?
Meaning what?
Well, since 9-11 you get all these bright wingers are on the radio suddenly everywhere.
Where we go?
All the stations, except for...
It has nothing to do with Peola.
It has nothing to do with the fact that there are no liberals anymore.
If you'll notice today, I'm struggling here to try to get...
I think I've had two people at Anting Political to say today.
And the rest of the public is out there.
Like that.
Yeah.
Because the right wingers are well organized.
They support these fascists that are on the year all over the country today.
And the rest of us, man, we're sucking wind.
There's no liberals on the year anymore.
Well, it just seems to me that every time...
No matter what they're talking about,
somebody squeezes it into something about how bad Clinton was.
No matter what they were talking about.
Yeah.
And it just seems like, you know, maybe they get paid for saying something about Clinton.
Last time I checked, he wasn't at office anymore for the last two years.
I was saying, don't talk about him.
It's amazing.
But anyway.
And have a great day.
But anyway, so here's this picture of Enrique.
He looks pretty good to me.
And spiderweb, the Miguel said.
John Corbett.
Man, is he grotesque, huh?
He's not just not hot-looking.
He's ugly. He's an ugly man.
He's an ugly frickin' man.
At least spend half like he sees okay.
He never stole a freight train.
He even looked too bad.
I bet you meant demon.
Huh?
He got J-Lo.
Very well, like I said.
Don't be too sure what that means.
I think I got a pretty good idea about that.
She also had puff ditty.
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
I'd love to see it.
Just the one day before they stick me in a box.
Just the one day when all these phoneies have the balls to come out of their frickin' closets.
Oh God, what I would pay to see that.
And to see the reaction of all the America.
Oh no, that can't be.
Oh no.
It's gonna be a lie.
Right.
J-Lo, my big fat ass and hers too, okay?
There's about as much chance that she's gonna see Ben Affleck naked as you're gonna see him.
None.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Hey there, guys.
Listen, I want to get back on the whole Saudi issue you were talking about before.
It's a really good article.
And, you know, it just goes to show that these Saudis are the absolute worst.
You are absolutely 100% correct in throwing them into the actress's evil.
Put them at the top of the dam.
What?
Top of the list, man.
You got it, man.
It's ridiculous, you know?
They're all thinking about that.
Just stick a big hose in the ground and put a USA flag over it and we'll start pumping the gas tomorrow.
Let me tell you something.
Let me tell you something.
This whole thing that we're talking about with Iraq and everything else will flip space back.
This whole deal going on with Iraq now has absolutely jacked to do with weapons of mass destruction.
Right.
It has to do with OIL and it will only work.
That's all it is.
This whole power is fixing its oil and everything boils down to.
You got it.
And it's a good move and it's a real good move because when it's all said and done, when everything is over,
the people are going to be crappin' in their pants or the Saudis because they're going to be sittin' there going, you know what?
Now we got an applet.
Now the United States isn't beholding to us for oil anymore.
Uh oh, we got to start flying straight.
And that's what we're talking about.
Yeah, really?
How come, how about on a way over to Iraq?
We drop a few on the Saudi since it's right on a way anyway, you know?
Oh, because we got to be politically correct, you know?
I mean, that's the whole point to it all, you know?
We go in under the pre-pants of drugs.
We're taking out weapons of mass destruction.
But hey, guess what?
When it's all said and done, guess what the next arrows are going to be pointed at.
You don't think it's because our government is in collusion with the Saudis in business, do you have any chance?
Oh, well, the only collusion we have is the fact that we're beholdin' to them for oil.
I mean, that's it, you know?
We're dependent upon them.
It's been that way for years.
And this why this whole crisis has gone on as long as it has because we're because of the whole entire world situation.
But you know what?
No one ever took out the World Trade Center before.
Once you play that game, it's like, oh, well, if you're going to do that, then guess what?
We're going to change the whole politics of the situation overnight.
We'll take out Iraq, and now all of a sudden, we're not beholdin' to you anymore.
Now you've got to fly straight.
You know?
And that's what it's all about.
As soon as you start acting like it's like a pararise, it's destroying a...
Oh, forget it.
Now that the situation has changed totally, and it's time to do what we have to do.
And that's exactly what this is all about.
And it's good for Bush.
Well, I believe it when I see it.
We'll see.
I hope you're right.
I believe when I see it.
Moderate Saudis.
You know what that's like?
It's like kosher bratwurst.
Ever see any of that?
415 votes on a pool.
How do you rate yourself politically?
Fairly liberal, 131 independent 89.
Fairly conservative 72.
Very liberal 66.
Not into politics at all, 37.
And very conservative 20.
Five and a local.
This is five cities.
The rate is all yours now.
You will.
But now I do believe it be the one that's low, now.
I've come back to the desticular model that I'm going to move to the show.
Good boy.
Now, when we got here...
Hey, mom!
If you say I'm trying to think...
How you trying to tell me, you lean on over my lap again.
I thought I smoked something.
I'm ginger.
So what's wrong with you?
No! I'm white!
Oh, I split my bag here.
Get back a lot of my weight.
Where am I supposed to go?
The hell you squeaky little bastard?
Hey, I don't think I got any meaty voice.
You don't, huh?
No!
I think you need your balls examined.
My balls!
That's right. Now drop your pants so I can examine them.
No!
Do you ever want to wipe in this penis again?
Yeah.
And obey my command.
Okay.
Boom!
That's bigger than Oscar Maya truck.
Yeah.
Jesus, look at that.
Look at my flashlight over here.
Where's your balls?
They're there.
You're packing up tight on your pants and no balls.
I got balls. They're at my lips.
Oh, yeah.
Let's see what happens when I slam my foot down on your feet.
Oh, yeah!
That hurt, ma'am.
Hey.
Your voice.
Yeah?
He's sound kind of normal.
Oh, yeah. It's quite right.
It's a far, far better way to sound.
I don't believe this.
Hey.
Let me see if I can get a hold.
Come on.
Now say something.
Fall off the bone baby back ribs.
See, that's your balls dropped.
Pretty good, huh?
East of the Rockies.
You like that, huh?
Thanks, ma'am.
Yeah?
You like that, huh?
Let's see what happens when I put them back.
I'm putting them back.
Don't be the same.
When you get a better voice than me.
Hey.
Hey.
What do you think?
This thing's wrapped around me like a cobra.
Yeah.
I can't fool.
It's a coin around me.
Pop the mouse.
What the fuck?
Bravo one at 560 WQM.
Happy Monday to you.
We got the mad dog at one.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Okay.
The reason the women have been called regarding the people's magazines meant sexiness man awards.
Yeah.
We're all in shock.
We're just in shock.
The list.
I don't understand.
These women must have been on heavy, heavy alcohol when they made those decisions.
Maybe they were all blind.
You think that could be it?
Well, you know, there's a joke about how the two o'clock woman in 2 a.m. woman keeps looking good
after the men have been in the bar for a couple of hours.
And I think that these women must have been in some kind of a bar drinking and anything look good to them
after 2 a.m. in the morning.
Maybe these were like Afghan women who had to book on for like the last 30 years.
Got a rum spelled.
Give me a break back.
I mean, if I'll tell you there were some really grotesque choices.
But rum spelled.
Can I try this?
Please.
Please.
I want to be so bad.
I mean, it's only 100 years old.
Oh my god.
I can anybody even one even touch that man without getting him at least 100 different types of vaccine.
That would be like taking a beautiful rib eye steak and putting it on a plate and letting it sit there for 100 years and coming back 100 years.
They say, what is that a beautiful looking steak?
Oh my god.
How horrible.
I think I must have gotten paid for this to put this guy on there.
But they do this every year every single year.
People magazine is famous for taking some of the most grotesque looking people and putting them on his list.
And I have no idea why.
What about Ross Nick?
This guy, he's like, he's had it.
I mean, let him get somebody else to do bonds.
He needs to go into the pasture real quick.
And I know that he's nasty looking on top of it.
Well, you know, all that makeup and everything, you know, even then.
But if you've seen him on television without any of that makeup when he's like on being interviewed, he's got, he's just full of freckles.
And what about, what about Hugh Grant?
I'm leaping through the steak and I'm looking at these people.
I only had with good hair.
I won't be going.
But other than that, you know what?
I do have to agree.
I do think that Aflake says, good looking guy and so is Enrique.
So I do agree with both of those choices.
And how could they have Tom Brady's ad in the middle of this thing and the somehow they manage to leave him out?
Yeah, yeah.
I don't understand.
I'm telling you, they must have been, you know, drunk out of their mind and anything looked good to them at that point.
Have he drugs it people?
Okay, thanks.
Thank you, dear.
Have a great day.
Yeah, there's also a thing.
I mean, they've got 700 different categories in here.
It killed a fill up a lot of pages in between all the ads.
And there's a thing in here, men of action.
And there's a, what, what, oh.
And they also ask which of these guys looks better, do they look better with glasses or without a heart?
Here it is, specs appeal.
People.com asked 20,665 readers that these men look better with two eyes or four.
And they show like Freddie Prince Jr.
And 60% says he looks better with a glass than 40% without.
But how come Freddie Prince Jr.
aint in a list of good looking guys?
Even Miguel would admit he's a pretty good looking guy.
Like I said, even Miguel would admit you're a piece of crap, man.
And you're so full of crap.
Carlos is right about you.
There's no hope.
You are such a brainwashed, spick, it's just unbelievable.
Mr. Macho.
He wouldn't know a good looking guy if he bit him on the lip.
He might enjoy it though, because he's Cuban.
Nat Hendoff writes in the village voice this past Friday the 22th,
resistance rising.
He says despite the self satisfaction of George W. Bush and John Ashcroff
and the Sam no-Lence of the press, there is rising resistance around the country
to the serial abuses of our liberties.
More Americans are becoming aware of what Wisconsin Democratic Senator Russ Pinegold prophesied
from the Senate floor October 11, 2001, when he was the only Senator to vote against
Ashcroff's USA Patriot Act.
There is no doubt that if we lived in a police state, it would be easy to catch terrorists.
If we lived in a country where a police were allowed to search your home at any time for any reason,
if we lived in a country where the government is entitled to open your mail,
even drop on your phone conversations or intercept your email communications,
if we lived in a country where people could be held in jail indefinitely based on what they
would think or based on mere suspicion that they are up to no good,
the government would probably discover more terrorists or would be terrorists
just as would find more lawbreakers generally, but that would not be a country in which we want to live.
Some of that warning has come to pass.
What has become more specifically evident is underlined by Lincoln Kaplan
that in November, December, issue of legal affairs, a magazine of Yale Law School.
The USA Patriot Act authorized law enforcement agencies to inspect the most personal kinds of information,
medical records, bank statements, college transcripts, even church memberships,
but what is more startling than the scope of these new powers is that the government can use them on people
who aren't suspected of committing any crime.
As then-house majority leader Dick Armie, a conservative Republican libertarian tool
Georgetown University Law Professor Jeffrey Rosen on the October 21st New Republic,
the Justice Department seems to be running a muck and out of control.
This agency right now is the biggest threat to personal liberty in the country.
The Defense Department isn't even bigger threat with its or well-earned plan
to place all of us under surveillance more on that and later column that had all rights.
One side of the growing fear of losing our Bill of Rights protections against an out of control government
came from the heartland. On September 8th of this year, the journal Gazette,
a daily newspaper in Fort Wayne, Indiana, published a full page, five column editorial,
its first such broadside in nearly 20 years.
The headline was the tax on liberty in the name of national security president Bush,
Attorney General John Ascroft, and even Congress,
and pulled strand after strand out of the constitutional fabric
that distinguishes the United States from other nations.
Actions taken over the past year are eerily reminiscent of tyranny portrayed
in the most nightmarish works of fiction.
The power to demand reading lists from libraries could have been drawn from the pages
of Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451.
The sudden suspension of due process for immigrants routed up into jails
is familiar to readers of Sinclair Lewis's if can't happen here.
But what is most encouraging is the continued growth in citizen towns
throughout the nation of Bill of Rights Defense committees or their equivalents,
a number of which are working with ACLU affiliates.
The first VORDC is reported here was formed in February this year in Northampton, Massachusetts,
when about 300 doctors, nurses, lawyers, students, teachers, and retirees
formed a group to protect the citizens of that town from the USA Patriot Act
and the subsequent unilateral attacks on our liberties by John Ascroft.
After the Northampton City Council unanimously passed in May a resolution
officially supporting the protest of the VORDC, other towns and cities
learned how to organize similar committees through the Northampton Group's website,
www.vORDC.org.
14 towner city councils from Tacoma Park, Maryland and El Achoa County, Florida
to Santa Fe, New Mexico and Berkeley, California have now passed
sometime unanimously similar resolutions originated by the local VORDC organizations.
Other proposals are pending before local government bodies in 40 more cities
and towns in 24 states. One VORDC is information in New York City.
Next week, the details of some of these resolutions that involve city and state
police and local members of Congress, the roots of the Bill of Rights Defense committees
it is important to remember are in the pre-revolutionary committees of corresponded
initiated by Sam Adams and the sons of Liberty in Boston in 1754.
In 1805 in Boston there was published Mercy Otis Lawrence,
History of the Rising Progress Interimation of the American Revolution.
A historian, playwright and political pamphlet here, she wrote in this her major work,
perhaps no single step contributed so much to cement the union of the colonies
and the final acquisition of independence as the establishment of committees
and correspondence. This supported a chain of communication from New Hampshire to Georgia
that produced unanimity and energy throughout the continent.
Sam Adams and other patriots continuously spread the news of attacks on liberties
of these new Americans by the king, his ministers, and his governors and officers in the colonies.
These committees, as Supreme Court Justice William Brennan once told me,
were a precipitating cause of the American Revolution.
Yet John Ascroft accuses his critics among the most active of which are the Bill of Rights Defense committees
of capitulating to the enemy.
More Americans are coming to agree with the curvy that Ascroft Justice Department
is the biggest threat the personal liberty in the country who then are the American patriots now
as Nat Henneth in Friday's Village Voice.
Pretty good article, Nat. Ascroft, baby.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Don't forget to join the overnight guys, join Mark tonight and I will have it along with special guests from the dolphins.
Trent Gamble, who?
And Gatsby's and Davy stop by to win prizes and join specials on Crown Royal.
It's the 49ers and the Eagles, Monday night football Gatsby's tonight and Davy.
And Miguel will be there to suck it up the free booze.
In fact, I'm sure after a couple of drinks, he'll be turning.
Boy, you know that Enrique really is a pretty good looking guy.
So is that Freddie Prince Jr. man?
He's bad.
431 votes on a pool.
How do you rate yourself politically?
Fairly liberal, 134.
Independent.
92.
Very liberal, 76.
Fairly conservative, 72.
Not into politics at all, 30, 70, and a half percent of this crowd.
We don't give a crap.
And very conservative, 20, 4.5 percent.
Now, let's see, when you take fairly conservative, about 21 percent.
You're not trucking to you?
What is it?
What the hell was that?
Exactly. That was my reaction exactly.
What is he doing?
Is he reading the funny papers again to win a show?
George told me all last couple of weeks since he reads the funny papers doing a show.
Yeah.
I don't know if you're able to get that surprising too.
I don't think Eric Scott, anything to worry about.
No, I see it's usually about 18 percent.
And it has been 18 percent.
But I think now we're starting to get some, you know, some intruders in there.
Some carpet baggers.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
I'm right.
Hey, I wanted to tell you, man, I've been listening to you for a long time.
My dad turned me on to you.
Yeah.
And I'm on a little break at school over here.
I want to talk about a couple of things.
First of all, I'm a little young, so you can maybe correct me.
But it doesn't depend on the liberal, the same thing.
I mean, does it kind of have no political affiliation?
No.
Isn't that kind of like the same term?
Independent and liberal is the same thing?
Well, you know, I mean, in terms of being able to make a decision for yourself
from that really voting across the line.
No.
No, liberal is liberal.
Independent is like what you just said.
Independent is like non-committal.
The Comsi comes side, you know.
All right.
Well, well, well, well, well, well, well.
I got some interesting to talk to you about the president.
And a little bit about the Panthers, two Go Panthers, by the way.
Panthers, call.
How do you like that?
Oh, you know, you know, maybe I love the Panthers.
Are you still going to Panthers games, by the way?
I was to one while I was down there.
I went to one game.
The Pittsburgh games.
You're going to do a pretty good game one at overtime, by the way.
You know, I mean, I got to take a number when you said you have adventures.
I used to come in the speech every once in a while.
You need some great stuff when you're trying to fire the Murray.
You have some great stuff over there.
But did you know that our great president never served in the National Guard?
Yeah.
Did you ever know about that?
Well, he was a pilot for about five minutes.
Yeah. Well, did you ever know that he was this honorably discharged
because he refused to take a drug test?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We already had all of that before the election.
It didn't amount to a people in the snow.
He's the kid on his whole family is the Teflon family.
Yeah.
It's kind of interesting because, you know, you know, he's trying to pass a lot of these interesting laws
across the board that let people look into your background or whatnot.
But, you know, no one really takes a look at his background.
Yeah.
They're just like that alleged abortion in Texas that he paid for that somehow shut that woman up right before the election.
Yeah.
And that's crazy stuff.
It's crazy stuff.
I also don't understand how they put rumse on the list.
They should at least put Ari Fleischman.
He's a lot cleaner than rumse.
Yeah. He's lovely.
Sure loved to rub his ball spot.
Not.
Not.
How are you, how are you liking the panthers right now?
They're looking for the fighters in last year.
I'll tell you, Kenan's got these kids playing good, but you know what's really very sad though, which nobody wants to talk about.
Because nobody cares about them anyway.
Is the fact that if they just had one or two more young veterans on the team, if they would have kept Whitney, if they had maybe kept Syllin's your own team.
And maybe what's his name?
The defenseman is playing for the Black Hawk's now with Ellis's name.
Whatever.
He's talking about the...
What's his name?
It comes from the...
The English person.
No, the English person.
Oh my god.
No, he's playing in St. John's now.
That was the maple leaf.
I was playing in Chicago.
Let me say...
The hundredth ericson is playing in St. John's, sir.
I'm talking about Yaroslav Spachek, who's not playing with Columbus.
Spachek.
Spachek, I'm sorry.
And I'm saying if they had two or three more veterans on his team, they could really be a serious contender, but unfortunately it's strictly the youngsters new organization.
And Kenan's got him playing very well.
And last night was a nice comeback.
They got it, you know, picked up another point.
And even though they're getting all these ties, the points are mounting up.
Yeah, I mean, I like...
I like Downmister, and I like my S.K.
I think that they're pretty good, too.
And they got crotch, and they got filled, no, that coming.
And they got some good young defensemen.
Yeah.
You know, but maybe in the off season they'll go into the make-up push for some free agents.
So that was a lot of money.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
That's his sound.
And let me tell you right now if you want to feel a bit better about yourself.
If you want to improve your health, here's a great product.
Very inexpensively, you can do it.
Oleumed.
That's right, Oleumed Mediterranean Formula is our advanced accommodations of the finest
olive oil.
You'll find anywhere you can search high and low and you won't find better olive oil
than you find in Oleumed.
And it's combined with good stuff, vitamins, minerals, herbals, other nutrients, and each
one of these products is scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help
you support different aspects of your health.
They have one to help you lower your cholesterol, etc.
And right now, look for Oleumed's three new formulas.
They have one to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight, and coque you tend
for your heart.
All I've used in the benefits like I said only moments ago with a finest and purest
olive oil that money can buy.
Oleumed's an exciting new health product that's available all over town, more and more
people are prominent, picks them up at publics, records, or Walgreens.
If you want to get more information about their products, call Oleumed Tool Free at 1-866-Ollio
Med.
That's 1-866-536-633.
You can also order their products online at oleumedamerica.com.
And don't forget, how could you?
If you visit your nearest publics and buy an Oleumed product and data browser, you can get
you a coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll while supplies last.
And don't forget to visit their sampling provision at sports done every Sunday with an
Offensive Plane Home Games.
Pick up some free Oleumed samples and product information and for good health.
If you want to start feeling healthy again, start popping some Oleumed in your push.
Why?
When will he sell out how long do you think before he joins in sync?
Probably 18 at 560.
Speak it up and stink.
Did you take a look at this thing?
You just fact me?
No.
For you are, I'm telling you, you're about as useless as a frog's fork today.
You know what?
What did I fact you?
I forgot.
It says, I work at a music distributed.
We compile the top American rock band list.
Let me know if you concur.
You got the top 13 rock bands in his opinion or we or whoever they are.
And the answer is, I certainly do not write off the bad.
He's got the Beach Boys, his number one, the best American rock band of all time.
The Beach Boys?
No way.
He don't even have in sync on here.
Or the Backstreet Boys.
Just a joke.
The Beach Boys number one, he's got the doors number two.
Now, anybody who would say, and it's good thing George isn't here this week because
you know what a prick he is about this.
He gets militant.
Anybody who would suggest that the Beach Boys are better grouped than the doors needs mental
help.
No way.
Not even close.
Beach Boys had one great album, the pet sounds album.
Now, see, you don't know what you're talking about.
That is such crap.
That's, you're just repeating something that some pseudo intellectual music, so-called
expert ones said.
No, that's the only thing that's okay.
Pet this.
The Beach Boys had just zillions of great hits, okay?
It was fun.
All their music was fun.
No, they had fun, but they had fun music, but they had fun fun fun.
They had fun fun fun, Mr. Baby surfing a lot.
They were surfing a lot.
They were driving them their woody.
They were doing their woody.
Brian was laying in bed with his teddy bear.
What's wrong with you, man?
Surpping you with a, and there's a show yesterday.
I'm going to watch her.
I'm going to reach in my pile here and get some guy named Beach Boys song out here.
That'll kill the show for today.
But you just frosted my am.
I mean, I'm not saying I don't like the Beach Boys, which is what you're saying.
That's not what they said.
It is what you said.
Oh, look what I've just found also.
See this guy changed the whole agenda on the show now.
Were we talking about music or musicians today?
No, I don't think so.
And this guy changed the whole agenda, which is probably a good idea.
Now, where the hell is my Beach Boys stuff?
Don't I have Beach Boys music up here?
There's, oh, here's all that Elvis stuff.
Remember we did the 25th anniversary of Elvis's stuff?
And look at this.
Am I on top of it here or what?
Huh?
Oh!
Yeah.
Put that in your pipe and smoke it little Tommy.
Jika, how do you like that?
Oh, he's going to lose touch with all his music collection.
Guess what, Tom?
No, I'm not.
And just to show you a thing or two.
If everybody had a nose.
How do you like that, huh?
He should crap, Tom, you idiot.
Anyway, so what they got here, let me put Elvis away.
Hey, Elvis, back to bed.
Have a nice nap, sweetheart.
Stay off mommy side of the bed.
What do you think of a guy that sleeps in the same bed with his mother till he's 20 years
old?
Huh?
Little weird.
That was the king.
Some people said it was the queen.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, the people that you see.
Follow me.
See, basically what you're doing when you're comparing the groups you're like comparing
Brian Wilson with Jim Morrison.
And you know what that is?
It's Asinine.
It's insulting, you know?
Other than the fact that Brian Wilson is still alive, although it's pretty hard to tell.
But I mean, what are we talking about here?
Brian Wilson against Jim Morrison?
The music of the doors against the music, against the fluffy music of the beach boys?
God!
Wishful, dressed up, all the colors, everything in blue.
Let's play Rick's songs when they talk up to this one.
What do you say, huh?
I'm 5'62", I'm a hearing child.
Now, how do you compare I get around with Puch Me, huh?
Is there any comparison at all?
No.
Are they in the same league?
No.
Is it embarrassing to compare us?
Yes.
Come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, just me, baby.
I can't see.
Okay, I'll tell you what, let's change the pool today, okay?
Okay.
Well, what do you think?
You think Eric is going to be put out because I know Eric's very busy up there.
Just like Luca Brasi said, Don Corleone, I know where you are very busy.
So I will leave you now.
Hey, Eric, get with it, okay?
Equip Belliac and quit acting like a little girl.
Don't you think Eric sometimes acts like a little girl?
Chuck, he's chicken to say yes.
Yes, so why not say it?
Why not say it?
What is wrong with you guys?
You work on this show.
So how come you guys are such a couple of pussy's, okay?
I don't want to.
Jesus.
You did work on this show and the fact that you didn't get paid for it, ran away with
your tail behind your legs and it wasn't you doing either, it was because George talked
into it.
That's why.
Good, George, you didn't pay extra for this.
That's because all you little sticks stick together, that's all.
You would have still been doing this show.
Carlos never had a chance to come in the door.
So he owes you a gratitude and of course he's getting paid big bucks anyway.
Actually got one paycheck.
Do you get your check today, Carlos?
Yes.
Now, right, let's hear it.
Oh, right.
I wonder he was gone like that before.
He saw a full of himself.
Now he can't speak.
Okay, let's have the poll wind up the first one.
How do you rate yourself politically?
Fairly liberal 144, independent 100, very liberal 82, fairly conservative 74, not into
politics at all 39 and very conservative 24 out of 463.
Okay, I see into that poll.
I mean, you know, we got the sampling there that we needed.
That was it right after you get to like a couple of votes, you got your thing.
You think Eric's going to be upset or put out about this?
Too bad.
Exactly.
Those are going to be my next two words.
Too bad.
I mean, you know, how long is this going to take?
About two minutes is that what it's going to take?
A harm to changes.
Okay.
Now here's the list he's got.
Here's the poll question.
I like this list.
Well, we'll give you a chance to add to it.
Okay.
They just calm down.
Okay.
Then later when we do the question about the hottest looking guys, you silly, spick.
Good.
You're seriously, I just can't believe how repressed you are.
Here's a guy that were were you born in Chicago?
Yes.
He's lived his whole life in this country.
He didn't like living Cuba under repression all those years.
He was born in the USA.
Yep.
And he's still such a repressed spick.
He just can't express his emotions or attitudes because he's afraid that I might somehow
reflect on his macho-ness.
We all think that you're fairly macho.
We think you could probably beat up like freaky carlos out there at the desk.
I could flick him off on a good day.
You probably would like to flick him off.
Anyway, let me do the break.
And then I think what I should, you have the original facts, right?
Yes.
Well, why don't you fix a copy of that to Eric so we don't have to like put him, because
we don't want to have to put him through a lot of stuff because he's really working
hard these days.
He was telling me that in between tear drops on Friday.
He's going to be fucking home to be together again and get it around the table with delicious
homemade food and family traditions.
After all, it's not the turkey that makes the meal special.
It's the people.
Getting ready for the hungry guest can be a real pain in the ass, can be stressful, especially
if some of them are going to be staying overnight.
If you're having a house full for Thanksgiving, let Dalai mattress make your holiday preparations
a little bit easier.
And now it's the time to call 1-800 mattress and get that new mattress in before the
house gets there.
If they already told you they're coming, if you don't hear from them until the night before,
Dalai mattress can deliver you a top quality seely, Sura da Simmons or King Crayle mattress
the very same day you call them.
I've been sleeping on a Dalai mattress for years and my back is one of the few parts of
my body that's even more talking about.
Call Dalai mattress right now, toll free, 1-800 mattress and talk turkey with the bed
and consult who really knows their crap and choose from the very best mattresses and
even better prices.
So rest easy this Thanksgiving knowing that everybody is sleeping and cover with a smile on
their posts.
Get ready for the holidays right now.
Do it now while you're thinking about it by calling 1-800 mattress until that old
Neil and Fatboy Jeff Hyde turned into call.
Mention Jeff Hyde a couple of times they'll laugh like crazy.
1-800 mattress, 1-800 MATT RES for Dalai mattress, brand name beds, same day service column
right now will be sleeping like a baby two nights.
2-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
2-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
2-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
2-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
2-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
2-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
2-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
2-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
3-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
2-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
2-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
2-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
2-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
2-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
2-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
2-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
2-800 MATT RES for the weekend.
I mean they were fine.
See it's like the argument I always have with George when we argue about Marvin Gaye and the Beach Boys, which Marvin Gaye of course wasn't a group.
He was a group but he's dead.
But anyway, he always argues that the Beach Boys were better than Marvin Gaye in terms of just relative importance in the great music.
There's no contest.
And I love the Beach Boys but the compare their music with Marvin Gaye is ludicrous and to compare them with the doors.
It's insulting.
You know what that's like? It's like comparing Ben and Jerry's ice cream with a great rib ice steak at Ruth's Kris steakhouse.
See what I'm saying? Chocolate ice cream?
Yeah, chocolate ice cream. There you go. Fish food.
What do you know about ice cream?
Anybody doesn't like chocolate. Your taste is in your tush.
Okay, here's the list that they've packed me so far. Has Eric got this now?
I fact it.
He's going to start getting really pissed at you, Miguel.
Messing around. He already had the one pull going here. He's probably busy here.
He's having a couple of brunches, man. Working on other stuff.
So anyway, here's the list from this music distributor expert.
I was hoping I could put four in around here but then I realized four inters like half and half.
They're part British part of American.
This is top American rock bands. Beach boys, doors, aerosmith, van Halen, van Halen.
Oh, give me a break. Do you agree with van Halen?
No. Kiss.
All men brothers.
Ramones.
Leonard Skinnerd.
The cars.
Tom Petty and a heartbreakers.
The Eagles.
Red Hot Chili Peckers and Bon Jovi.
Bon Jovi is not a group.
Bon Jovi is not a group.
I mean, he's got a group of Bon Jovi is a guy. He crossed him out.
Cross him out, Eric. Bon Jovi, my S.
Right?
I'm excited.
Bon Jovi. Technically you could call it a group but it's John Bon Jovi.
That's not my deal. Would you call it a group?
Well, it's a group. He has, you know, Richie Samboer on one not in.
Bon Jovi is not a group.
The same context.
It's just the lead singer and Edie Bon Halen.
Yeah.
And what about David Lee Growth?
The lead singer, right?
What do you mean the lead singer?
How can you call David Lee Growth the lead singer?
Van Halen.
Okay, put Bon Jovi on here.
Okay, if it'll make you happy.
He's not going to get any votes.
What's John? What's your couple of songs?
Okay.
He's not going to get any votes.
So that's the list so far.
Now, any additions that we've left out since you were grumbling before?
I'd put Guns and Roses over Van Halen.
Guns and Roses?
Guns and Roses is fine. Who else?
Nirvana.
Over any of those.
Over Bon Jovi or Guns and Roses.
I mean, for the influence they've had a member van.
Nirvana is fine. That's a good one.
How about the doors, man?
Are you putting Nirvana over the doors?
No.
Are you putting Nirvana over Eros Smith?
No.
Thank God.
Why don't you two be one?
I don't want to put any pressure on you, but expect you another paycheck.
What was that promise that you made?
The Beach Boys number one in the doors number two.
Oh, I sure wish there was a guy who works with a music distributor.
You better learn your music, Mr. Because you sure don't know it.
I'll say that right now.
Got it.
There you go.
The battle between the Beach Boys and the doors.
Of course, the Beach Boys had the advantage because Brian's still alive in my club.
Nobody else is though.
Right?
Dennis Wilson is dead.
Carl Wilson is dead.
Right?
Right.
So what do we got left?
We got Brian Wilson is just barely hanging on and Mike Love.
Although, basically, they would lead singers in most of the songs anyway, right?
How about the Mamas and the Poppins?
How about the Turtles, huh?
There you go.
You get serious.
The Mamas and the Frickin Poppins.
How about the Carpenter?
There you go.
Carpenter's won a rock band.
Mamas and the Poppins were like a folksy rock band.
Yeah, yeah.
Now we're going to have to start putting them.
How about the Pean Park wonkel?
Peter Paul and Mary.
How about Simon and Garfunkel?
Huh?
How far do you want to carry this?
I can make this last till next circus if you want.
You know me with this.
You know me.
I can drag these things out for months.
I got my billboard book that I dug out from underneath what's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
Shakira.
Well, how soon do you forget?
I just said out of mind.
Sorry, sweetheart.
I love Shakira.
How about Shakira?
She could be a group with a pair of my shoes, guys.
She could be a group.
How about a group group with Shakira?
Shakira Shakira.
1240.
All right.
Calm down, Brian.
Take the teddy bear and crawl back under the covers.
Wouldn't it be something of Elvis and his mom or another?
1241 at 560 WQM.
Thanksgiving is this Thursday.
If you're traveling, if the family is coming to you, the last thing you want to do is go to the airport.
And have to start looking around for a place to park.
Serious pain in the ass.
Then when you finally find a park in spot, it's usually a zillion miles to go wherever the hell you have to go.
National limos can change all of that for you.
They'll arrive at your location on time in a new sedan, a new limo, van, whatever you need to take you wherever you have to go.
Completely hassle-free.
What a smart way to go for the holidays.
National limo, don't worry.
It takes care of your transportation here.
But anywhere in the world.
So when you get at your destination, national limos will be their waiting for you.
Call National Limos toll free 1-877-376-3200.
And now it's a smart time to start planning because believe me, all these holiday parties you're going to be going to and all the traveling people are doing.
Let national limos get you there in fact safely and conveniently.
For you sports fans out there, there's no better way to get to and from the game than in one of national limos super-stretch limos'
or their luxury coaches while everybody else is going out fighting traffic.
If you're looking for way to get to the airport, the game will just a night around town during the holidays or anytime.
Call National Limos, they're doing it for me. They'll do a great job for you.
Call 1-877-376-3200.
Be sure and tell them that NeoTorchard you'll get 10% off your first airport service or free hour of started limousine service.
1-877-376-3200 for National Limos.
Fly in and local.
Here's sports radio 560.
You a-you a-you.
Spread them and say cheese.
This ain't a song about a happy couple.
Since we got married, my wife's weight doubled.
Dice, I can see and she's got a big touch first on it so that the better covers her push.
It's my wife.
I know she's back cause.
She got more chance than China does.
If she sits on me, I won't survive.
It's my wife.
Raccoon.
When she sits around her, how she really sits around her, how she'll say.
If she sits on me, I won't survive.
It's my wife.
What about Blondie?
Huh?
That's only one person.
No, that was a group.
Get outta here.
Are you outta your mind?
Jimmy Harry, Kristine, Franken Fondie, Jimmy Deshri.
I'm the person.
I'm the person that never Harry in that thing.
I see the same thing with Bon Jovi, but it says in my book Rock Group, which of course they are, but from Sarahville, New Jersey.
John Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora, Dave Ryan, Alex John Such, Such, and Tico Torres, whatever.
You're right, it's a group.
What about the Grateful Dead?
That's what you're gonna be pretty soon if you don't cut the crap.
What about Grand Funk Railroad?
Yeah, definitely.
What about Huey, Lewis, and the News?
That's just a joke, but Grand Funk Railroad should have been on here.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see what Eric puts on there.
We'll leave it up to him.
Bruce.
Because I know it.
Bruce?
Bruce Bringsden in the East.
Get outta here.
Don't start Bruce Bringsden is a solo now, and the fact that he used to be, I mean, cut the crap.
Okay.
Plus, are you gonna tell me that he belongs in there with these other people?
Because if you are, I'm gonna get you all a bottomy, okay?
Bruce Bringsden belongs in there with the freaking doors.
Jesus!
Let's up with it.
Yeah, let's get up with it.
I think American, though.
I beg your pardon?
Is let's get up in an American band?
You know how much these books weigh?
I think I just read, I did my arm again.
Thanks to who was it?
It was Miguel de Danza.
Come on, you and Lewis and the Nudes.
Nah, let Zeppelin's British.
They're from England.
Okay, Robert Plant, that's right in Jimmy Page.
They're not American.
Hey, Miguel, you better forgot it with Warner Chicago.
You know about America.
We could stick in the symbol and have room for Enrique left over, okay?
And Enrique, by the way, is gonna come over and compare notes with you tomorrow.
He said he's gonna show you a finger to instrate your ass out.
So what do you think?
We got a pretty good, what about Grand Funk Railroads?
Didn't we put them on there?
They were very big.
They're great.
Not just that they were big, they're great.
Yep.
I didn't even remind that they stole a little Eva.
Low commotion, I didn't even hold that against them.
Not that they're any little Eva.
And of course, if you want to go into rock groups, then you can start with all the Motown 2
and really get people pissed off.
Because let's face it, if the Beats boys belong on there,
what about the Marvelettes?
And what about the all the the Supreme's?
What about the...
Huh?
The Jackson Five.
The Freaking Jackson Five.
What about the all the other Dan Motown groups?
How about the four tops?
Right?
Yeah.
How about the what you call the miracles?
We can't, I don't know, see this is the problem.
And of course, this guy, the music distributor, I'm sure he would say,
oh well Motown is, that's not rock groups.
Those are like, I don't know what the hell else you would call him.
I bring you a pardon?
But he's gonna say it's Motown.
So what is that?
Soul.
I got your soul over here, sweetheart, okay?
Don't be knocking my Motown.
Well, we'll start out with this.
In fact, let's make a series out of this.
Thanks very much for the music distributor, okay?
Nobody wants to give a crap.
I'll save all my tabloid stuff for tomorrow.
Excellent, for tabloid Tuesday, including Dr. Phil's boob obsession.
Do a little tease on it, get a 90 share tomorrow.
Everybody wants to hear about Dr. Phil and his boob.
Here's Elvis.
Wasn't he part of a group, Elvis and Mom?
Come on, where the hell's all my Motown?
God damn it.
I sure is how better it had here we go.
How about the Isley Brothers, huh?
Wow, that's rock.
You don't think the Isley Brothers are a rock band?
Are you out of your mind?
I'm telling you what you know about music.
I could stick in a fumble and have room for Josh Friedman left over.
I have a hard time putting Motown this.
This isn't a rock group, the Isley Brothers.
This could be the greatest song of all time, Mr.
I didn't know Beatwai's, I'll tell you that.
You better run your crap, because you don't know it.
You don't think that's one of the great songs in the history of the human race?
Yes, that's correct, I was confused with somebody else.
What?
I thought I was talking about Keith Isley, is that what it was?
No, the Everly Brothers.
The Everly Brothers, we're not talking about, see, there's a difference between duos in a group.
You got it? Duos?
Right, that's what we're talking about.
Like you mentioned Simon and Garfunkel, that's our freaking duo.
That'll be on Friday, we'll do that.
It's 12.50, I do love the music ones.
So, of course, you know what happens, as soon as the show over, it gets over, I got to run out,
run downtown, go to Sam, the record man, all the other record stores,
and I got to start spending money buying a bunch of CDs again.
And there's a signal to the audience that just hates that.
Oh, you're not going to do that one here, wonder where again?
No, we'll do something different, that would create those folks.
Eric is still working on this, okay, he said,
which American rock group is very liberal or very conservative is what he said?
12.50, 1 at 5, 60 WQAM.
Tom Laman and Halifone at GMC are proud to announce the great Neil Rogers,
Neil Deal, 0% sale.
Count how many times we say Neil in this spot, try to keep up.
That's right, with the proof credit from GMAC,
get zero down payment, zero down payment, and 0% financing on all,
2002 and 2003, Pontiac and GMC models, plus zero payments for 90 days.
Or if you like, you can take a rebate of up to 5 grand.
And as always, at Halif, there are zero hassles.
Don't forget to mention you heard all about it here on the Neil Rogers Show,
and save even more.
Check out the complete line of great gas-gustling GMC SUVs,
included in the Envoy, voted by Motive Trends SUV,
the year in the All New Pontiac Vibe SUV that's got the power of a big gas-gustling sports car.
Halifone also got a stupendous selection of dependable used cars,
trucks, and gas-gustling SUVs.
And if everybody else in town turns you down,
or maybe recently somebody said,
eh, your credit just isn't going up to cut it with us.
It'll cut it with Halif, because they will cut you a deal.
It's the great Neil deals, zero percent sale going on right now at Halifone,
Ag GMC, and you'll find them in that 10-grade location.
They've been treating people great for over 35 years,
134-01 South Dixie Highway.
That's right on US-1 across from the falls open every day,
seven days a week.
For more info, call the Neil Deal Hotline,
toll free, 1-885-344-211.
That's 1-885-344-4211,
Halifone, Ag GMC, who be professional grade.
My, my, and loco.
This is 4205-6-1.
Way to go, eh?
Neil, God!
I have a hairy chest.
I have a hairy chest.
I have a hairy chest.
Real men have hairy chests.
I like to watch Baywatch.
I like to watch Baywatch.
I like to watch Baywatch.
Real men like to watch Baywatch.
I like to listen to Ricky Martin.
What?
I like to listen to Ricky Martin.
Hello?
Real men don't listen to Ricky Martin.
Sorry, pal.
Ah, s**t.
Mr. Ruggler, I'm real men.
Remember, this phone and gasser.
Wonderful WQAM.
Okay, who wants to go to the talk-up?
Let's go.
Come on, Ricky.
Get that cap off, baby.
Send it to the cleaners already.
Things starting to grow inside of that, baby.
Come on.
Where am I with you?
Something inside of us, you're burning.
And I feel with these eyes.
I'll never let me out.
Where am I?
It's like I'm in pain.
Where am I?
I can't be from here.
I'm just tearing me apart.
Where am I?
I can't be from here.
That's what you're saying.
Have to do a separate one for those kind of groups, right?
Yeah, I think we should.
Well, yeah, you can't put it.
You can't put it.
I mean, there's so many of them.
How about the spinners and the four tops and the soprimes
in Martha and the Vandellas that we just heard.
And the Isle brothers, huh?
And the Commodores.
Yeah, there's way too many.
Those are like soul groups.
Okay, well, I have to do a separate thing for soul groups,
as opposed to like what our elite is done.
I would call rock groups.
But then again, are the Beach Boys really a rock group?
When you come right out of it?
Huh?
Yeah, see?
But because of their importance in the history of all these
very, very important matters, you have to say, yes, I would assume.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello?
Because of the state of Florida, I had thousands of miles.
When that thing started off, I thought they were playing music for us.
So did I.
That was great.
That's the first time anybody ever put us out of hold
and it turned out to be great.
That was sensational.
Well, they've been on there for about an hour.
Hey, that's the way it goes.
Okay, we got an important thing going on.
I already cast my vote.
And of course, you know, I love Aerosmith,
but I didn't vote for Aerosmith.
How do you like that?
You're kidding.
No, I voted for the Doors.
Well, yeah.
I mean, I love Aerosmith the pieces, okay?
I'm one of the big Aerosmith fans in history, the human race.
But I got news for it.
There are no Doors.
You kidding me?
You smitten me, mister?
You disagree with that?
No, no.
I just don't know how much you like Aerosmith.
Well, I love Aerosmith, but the Doors are like, I mean, heads and shoulders.
Completely agree.
Sorry about that, Stevie.
And your daughter still looks great.
Here's Tamarack.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got it.
I agree with you.
You got to put the Doors at the top of the list.
Oh, you're...
A question.
Did anybody mention Chicago?
Oh, my God.
How can we leave off Chicago?
I love Chicago.
Yes.
I mean, they're right up there.
You're right.
And I have a vote pick, if I may.
Go right ahead and take off your light.
Here, oh.
Dr. Shapiro is killing me.
Oh, listen.
Listen to the ad.
He uses the word, especially.
Yeah.
That's not a word.
Nobody got your attention anyway.
I wish him a happy Chanuku.
Thanks.
Chicago, put that on there, Eric.
Okay, I don't want to start pushing you around, but get Chicago winner.
Doors in first place with four votes.
Oh!
The votes are starting to come in.
We just got the new poll up.
Looks to feel like we really have caught up some...
