Friday you were still
Will I'm Jerry Hallwell on the right hand of God?
And when I woke up today I put my TV on and instead of happily
Or CNN I saw Purple creature with a gay sign on his head
It was an upside down triangle purple pinky winky
Upside down triangle purple pinky winky
Upside down triangle purple pinky winky
Hey, tell it to me
Where just when I thought things couldn't get worse
I noticed he was carrying a little purse now
How can they call this a children's show?
I may be purple but I have a ground hole
He has an upside down triangle purple pinky winky
Upside down triangle purple pinky winky
I close to your hair in your balls
Hey, tell it to me
Will most about Christian life is hard to believe
But on the tell it to me is a TV screen
It had a purple penis pointing straight at me
That was flowing an eye through the hole in the thing
Hey, he may not be good but he's consistent
Exactly 902 at 560 WQA
And Falwell says Muhammad a terrorist
And by the way the audience really led us down yesterday
Not only did they come up with a name
I still can't remember his name of the former Ohio Congressman
With the dead brown mouse on his head
Right
But they also didn't alert us to the fact
That there was that great front line show on my SNN on PBS
Oh I didn't
I could be wrong
Maybe I blew it because he little Tommy jikiter
And his son sent was written 42,000 articles in the last two or three weeks
All about about each one of the new um
Fall TV shows
Right
Not about anything else
And then of course I got blinded by that cooking show schedule
Yes they did more
I don't
But I don't think he had this thing on here early
And then they must have put it on later
PBS profiles man who knew about terrorist
It was not last night on PBS on channel two and 17 and 40
Whatever was 42
And what a show and I taped it
I haven't watched all of it yet
But about the John O'Neill
Which we've talked about FBI agent John O'Neill
Who was the one guy that was on the Al-Qaeda
And Bin Laden for years
And of course the FBI didn't like his altitude
And they gave him like all kinds of crap and finally forced him out
And then he took that job at the World Trade Center in the bad timing
First day was on 9-11
And any rate fall well says
Islam's founder and most sacred figure
More hamadizate terrorists
This man just can't keep his foot out of his mouth
In a 60 minutes interview with CBS News Correspondent Bob Simon
Fallwell also affirms the Christian rights
steadfast support for the state of Israel
Against its Islam economies
And hints that right wing religious groups are
Influencing US government policy toward Israel
Right wing Christians believe the turmoil in the Middle East is a harbinger of the second coming of Christ
How do you like that?
I do that
The interview while we all knew that
But it's just just to put it into words
Just to verbalize it is enough to make you gag
The interview with Paul won't be broadcast on 60 minutes this Sunday
It says it's 7 p.m.
But basically what that means is after the football games are all over right
Whenever they get around to starting it
No, but actually that's good because if some witch you forget 60 minutes is on you know
But seven is kind of early
So then a lot of sins like 7 20 and say oh I better go over to CBS
And then of course so there it is
I think my hamad was a terrorist
I read enough by both Muslims and non-Muslims to decide that he was a violent man a man of war
Fallwell tell Simon
In my opinion he didn't
Moses
Jesus Christ
And I think my hamad said an opposite example
Yeah Moses was a good peace loving man
Lottery baby murder a virgin raper
I think he was as mad as Moses myself
I think here he follows as mad as Moses
When President Bush urged Israel to remove its forces from Palestinian towns earlier this year
Fallwell sent him a personal protest
And the White House received a hundred thousand email protest from Christians
Fallwell says he believes Bush is well aware of the Christian constituency
There are 70 million of us and there's nothing that would bring the wrath of the Christian public on this country down on this government
Like a bandoning or opposing Israel on a critical matter he says
Followed and conservative Christians support the Israelis and condemn their enemies because they believe the triumph of Israel is God's will
No God
The Jews returned their ancient homeland. I thought that was Manhattan
The Jews returned their ancient homeland and so I thought it was Brooklyn
And sole ownership of the territories Arabs and Israelis both lay claim to is a precondition for the second coming of Christ
According to the fundamentalist evangelical Christians interpretation of the Bible
The biblical scenario is not a savory one for many Jews however
God save us from these people said Israeli political analysts
Yossi offer when you see what these people are encouraging Israel and the West to do
Ignore the Palestinians kicked them out. They're leading us in a scenario out and out disaster
He tells Simon
But the Zastras partly scenario
Many many fundamentalist evangelicals are crazy as a bed bug by the way
Believe there be catastrophic events honored some occurring already including the turmoil in the Middle East
Cominating in the Battle of Armageddon in which Christ will triumph and begin ruling the earth at this point
They believe non-believers will be destroyed good Christians saved and remaining Jews converted to Christianity
Oh, at least like we get in our second chance. It's about time heathen
Says Ed McAteer founder the moral majority and known as the godfather of the Christian right
I believe that we're seeing prophecy unfold so rapidly and dramatically and wonderfully and without exaggeration
It makes me breathless. That's what you really do. I said too
Just before he married his 12-year-old cousin
Nobody said it leaves in breathless something like that
So there you go more hysteria from crazy religious nuts
Which is what all these problems are all about these people are the problem boys and girls the religious nuts
They're crazy
My little and they're dangerous. See it would be one thing if they were just crazy, you know
As they are as they say in Pakistan
But they're crazy and dangerous
How that pull about yesterday speaking of dangerous hair pieces?
Who do you think has got the worst looking hair piece in the world? We asked we have 865 votes
868 votes
Tony will work from the bottom up. Okay
Poor Tony Bennett only had one he left his piece in San Francisco
Paul Simon has appeared which most of us weren't even aware
I wasn't
Martin Landau has two
That's because most people in this audience don't even remember who the hell Martin Landau was mission impossible, baby
Barbara Bain Martin Landau and then they got divorced
Like everybody else sooner or later they all get divorced. You don't miss that George. Yeah
Sean Connery for Lionel Menendez five Bob Eisenberg six which I think is a pretty good showing since so there's must have all the inside votes
Because nobody on the outside's ever seen Bob. I'm hoping for your sake
Tony Curtis and Michael Douglas tied with ten of peace
Aaron Brown wound up with 11 finally after we spelled his name right
Why any Aaron Brown who's on night whining the news on CNN. Well, there's Bob Graham really right. Ah too late. Famous
Willard Scott and a Charlton Heston each had 13 Elton John she had 25
Bill Shatner good Canadian boy and 27. Oh, and by the way good Canadian boy. I'll get to it
I'm so excited about Ron McLean sending that deal with CBC. Thank God. All is okay here the coast is clear
They worked when in doubt they worked it out
Shatner 27 Henry frame head 36 was I think that's excellent. Don't you? Yes, I do good memory on these people
Because you know out of sight out of mind and most people forget who the hell he was. Yeah, he was outside all right
We could have put former day the school so pretend and Henry framed anybody who ever saw him on TV
That was the worst weave man ever
36 Burrennels 38 and now we move into the real love big numbers marv Albert 86
Sam Donaldson 124 James Traffa Kent 201 released he had a good sense of humor and moe Howard David no contest
256 votes
29.3 percent. I mean it was a fairly a good battle air between one and two between Traffa Kent and the Moe Meister
out of 871
But nobody could hold the candle the most peace a lot of people would like to
Don't get started with him now. He didn't even mention. He named him plug the C-SPAN audio today or the organ grinder
Or the organ grinder no actually earlier early early in the morning somebody said something about a monkey and he oh
That's the that's the a nine o'clock or aren't you starting the pregame now nine o'clock?
See one thing about your comebacks, mom man. They're really dangerous, you know
I was a 17 suits named former priest in sex abuse. I was new new several suits against the John Gagan
Thank you very much, but enough with him already. Okay. I know for the gig in Meister
So anyway time jica and you like I said you people out there hope some of you actually
Can't maybe we have some people watch front line like every week, you know
Just as a matter of course at nine o'clock on Friday night
At least on channel two anyway
But uh because nobody told us about it and we would have promoted it
I'm sure a lot more people would have seen it now tonight when you go to bed you can set your vcr
Because it's on at four o'clock in the morning tomorrow morning on channel two wpbt
And it's worth watching
time jica writes the September 11 attacks on america were so well organized and executed
It's possible nothing could have been done to prevent them
However, if there was one person who might have uncovered the terrorist conspiracy in time to thwart it
It was former FBI agent John O'Neal the head of the bureau's flagship anti-terrorism unit in New York City
O'Neal had been tracking Osama bin Laden and al-Qaeda for more than six years
Going back to a time when our government considered the mere nuisances to insignificant to designate his priorities
He also was the first to contend that al-Qaeda agents had infiltrated this country
The bureau paid little heat until O'Neal was instrumental in preventing a massive millennium terrorist catastrophe
And the month immediately preceding 9-11 he also reported suspicions based on information from his intelligence network
That's something big
A foot involving bin Laden and al-Qaeda was so it was in the wind was on a way
And then there's a whole bunch more about here in times column yesterday
But the bottom line is we forgot all about it. I never knew about it
So I taped it and I saw it part of it and then of course I had a phone call and bap bap bap bap bap bap
And I'm gonna have to watch the rest of it later a day like a one o'clock sounds like good time to me while I'm enjoying an ice cheeseburger for lunch
And that's not good. Sounds wonderful. Yeah, what's wrong with a couple of it's three four five cheeseburgers
But no one of course no balls of course
And no crap this weekend. I think no more crap
Sounds good anyway, don't it? Yeah, in principle it sounds good. No crap man. No crap no smoking no bad no bad weed
Maybe some good weed no none at all although now that we know that beer is better for then wine have you know
30-40 beers each day on a weekend when did we get ready huh? What did that come out?
I haven't gotten to that story. I said my pile. I don't know if I'll get to it. It was in my pile yesterday
Hey, I don't always get to all the stuff in my pile in fact the pile here right now
He's like halfway into the ceiling. I got a big pile man
I got a huge pile on it to put it right on Greg Reed's desk. Well, there's a guide. Don't give me started on that the piece of turret. Okay
He is he is absolutely a turd burger on two legs is that's the only way I can describe Greg Reed a man who continues
How how he this is he's like a plastic man, you know what I mean?
I'm not talking about that sales guy a plastic man Ken de Brito
I mean like plastic man in the cartoons
He just mannels to wiggle and wriggle and you know and worm his way through life avoiding and hiding and lying and
You know evading
You can't hide forever Greg. That's all I can tell you man
You're just the biggest faker that ever and he's got a horseshoe up his ass
This is a man who some somewhere along the line
Maybe in his youth somebody in his sleep slipped a golden horseshoe and 50-40 clover's up his ass. I mean way in there
Because anybody on his level who no like that who can achieve whatever he's what's he achieved when he come right down to it
Well, the beesleys have a lot of money and so does his wife and I guess now so does he as a result
Okay, kind of like siphon it all out nice going air Greg by the way. It's Wednesday. This asks me out today. It's Tuesday
913 at 560 WDQ I am at any day is a good day to call our friends in dollar man
Chris especially now with a weekend coming up get you a great night's sleep every night this weekend and next weekend
Six weeks from sookas every night of your life for years to come by calling dollar mattress and getting you a great brand name
mattress at an unbeatable price and what a deal. They got all the way around they got top names in the business
They got Serta see Lee Simmons King Coil when one of my mattresses wears out in the house
But I'm on the phone to dollar mattress. I talked to somebody who knows what it's all about and in no time at all
They're knocking on the door. They take away the crappy old vetting and set up your great new mattress in no time
At all and believe you me you'll tell the difference your back will feel great
And you'll feel great when you get a good night's sleep every night and when you'd call
Dala mattress you pick the day in the to our window for delivery any day seven days a week
And you also get that 30 day in home comfort guarantee what a difference that is to go into a department or bedding store
And they let you they still got to class to cover on a mattress
They let you lie down on for like 10 seconds. Okay. How does that feel? You know? Well who the hell knows
But when you have up to 30 days to try it out then you know what it's all about whether it's the right one for you
So get you a great night's sleep for years to come by calling dollar mattress right now
1-800 mattress
1-800-MATTRES or check them out of the way but mattress.com
I want to bang in the butt honey
Okay
See you walk outside my office
Your butt cheeks catch my eye
They're so tight and firm and perky
We almost make me cry
Even though our pants are covering that I can see it in my mind
And I lose butt cause it's quite so mass it's quite so mass
I drank too much last night and dreamed you rest
Because there was money studied all your butt cheeked impulse
The rest I'll probably be
And even though it smells like just past gas
Where the tear comes to my eye
And I lose butt cause it's quite so mass it's quite so mass
I want to thank you
We're gonna be the best day of my life
No
Just to slap that ass
You're having the best day of my life
Welcome
919 and 560 WK
Let's get some of these promos in here man
There's a whole cramplow to stuff coming on this week and then
Look for the Q&A van 1101 today at TK Performance Center at the Home Depot Shopping Center corner of Red Road in the Palmeiro Miami Lakes
Stop by to play the Budweiser Super Prize Machine
What the hell is that? It's big and it's super
Yeah, I see
Oh it's the usual crappy Q&A prizes?
Yeah but now I have to send the giveaway
They're in heavy very lonely so go out there 1101 today at the TK Performance Center
Home Depot Shopping Center corner Red Road in the Palmeiro Miami Lakes
And then Joenjo Castello 3-5 at Publix at 1395 South East 7th
Teen Street in Fort Lauderdale for the Mike's Hard lemonade NASCAR giveaway
Stop by maybe a L-Gorlbee there passing out Mike's Hard lemonade
Stop by to win prizes and register to win two tickets to the homestead Speedway Race in November
And tomorrow as if that isn't enough to what you're appetite for a real busy weekend
Tomorrow George will be a Jared Jewelers
I love Jared Jewelers
Even though you never heard of them right at 1630 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale
From one to three tomorrow afternoon he'll be there because they're paying him
Stop by to win prizes and register to win trip for two to see the dolphins play the jets in New York
And what ought to be like a walkover the jets a little teeny weeny girls team a girly team
Why are they pathetic or what man they're tragic
Here's our poll for today and over the weekend and not too many choices on here
And of course with everything that's going on in the world today with the economy and with the war on terrorism and with
The impending war on the invasion of Iraq and all all these things
Keeping those things in mind
Who would you prefer to have as leader of the free world today?
I think the word leader ought to be like in italics or capitals or like in something Eric can Eric hear us today
Probably we never know. We're never sure because they've got issues up there with the usually all this if he can't hear as he calls instead
I see so he can hear us. Hey have a great day Eric. Okay
Who would you prefer to have as leader of the free world today?
G.W. Bush
Bill Clinton Tony Blair or Al Sharpton
Well, that come from what do you mean where that come from come from a story?
I got coming up here about how he's uh
He's uh, I sharpenized the White House. I'll get into it right now if you prefer
The Red Manound Sharpton's getting ready to step down as president of the civil rights organization
He founded to explore a bid for the presidency in 2004
Hey
The early next year I'll be stepping down Sharpton said yesterday and announcement that had been expected
But was nonetheless that had been feared it should say not expected
But was nonetheless delivered with a certain amount of fanfare. Come on. Can we have a little fanfare? Oh look a drum roll would be good
That's good
I'm gonna travel and see if it's feasible to run for president
I'm a client to run all determined by spring if it's feasible. He gets saying feasible
Sharpton said he'll begin traveling around the country in 2003 to evaluate where they could raise the money and build the infrastructure
Needed to run for president and therefore he would not have the time to run the national action network
Sharpton once successfully ran for mayor of New York and for the US Senate who's a professional candidate and a professional smithist
Derber has been outspoken on many local and issue national issues most notably on police brutality in the highly publicized cases of
Aminu, D'Aloy and Abner, Luima and the US military bombing in the tiny port weekend island of V.A.K.s
Sharpton made the announcement of this 48th birthday celebration attended by community political and religious leaders at Canaan Baptist Church of Christ
Where a national action network chairman Wyatt T. Walker is pastor
Sharpton said he asked his board to seek a replacement at the nonprofit grassroots organization he founded in 1991 because he's got bigger fish to fry
Baby he's making a run. So if that's the case, we ought to play him on there something for people to start fearing and thinking about
Who would you prefer to have his leader of the free world today?
George W. Bush, Bill Clinton, Tony Blair, Al Sharpton. Am I leaving anybody obvious out?
Sit on the same. No, I'm serious. These are not these are not gag choices. These are serious choices. Don't be don't be starting to play the light for my
The next thing you're going to want me to put them all how are David on here again? Okay. Okay. He know he's had enough
Opportunities this week. Okay. He won yesterday's here's down. Okay. Here's down your back
So let's uh give him a rest until Monday and then we'll rip him an ass again
Now he's he's got that big income on of Sunday. We don't want to start messing with him here on c-span audio. How about Al Gore?
No
Listen like I just got to say we got a weekend come up. You trying to spoil our weekend?
Spurl
You trying to ruin my weekend
Just don't mention Al Gore again. That's my one suggestion. Okay. I said very uh, you know with a spirit of friendship and the hand of friendship
The the bird of paradise extended to you. Don't say Al Gore again today. Please
Box
You know say lock box or as they say at the deli locks box
Hey Ron McLean procrems no grudges
This is the big news. Okay. Let's stop worrying about all this other crap and the leader of the free world and the leader of the pack and all this other crap
CBC reverses decision, baby. Yeah
That's why everybody from coast to coast and all the ships that see they got a big smile on their face from
Most jaw to Halifax from a medicine hat to
Caliwitt they all got a big smile on their push
And up there in a Caliwitz some of
Aldoom coher but you can understand why it's probably already like 20 below up there. You know what I'm saying
We say jaw
Right, it isn't
Have you ever looked at a at a map of this country? Why tell you a lot of space goes all the way up almost to the guide in north pole, right?
Big open barren spaceshure
Ron McLean is returning to hockey night in Canada after an immense public backlash for CBC back to the bargaining table just days after dropping him from the broadcasters fact ship sports program
Everybody in this country loves hockey. I'd suggest they love for hockey night in Canada
And they clearly love Ron McLean a slightly sugrim looking Nancy Lee executive director of CBC sports
I yesterday after a full dating of negotiating with Donnie me and me and McLean's agent
Lee characterized the deal as a compromise and said McLean will rejoin Don Cherry in the popular coaches corner statement when the show is 50 first season begins next Saturday
I'll share it okay
It's about time something good happened for Christchurch with all the other crap
That's enough
So we got that straight new
That's good. That's important stuff. Oh, you know, it's really important stuff. You know governor to a jab
Yeah, I don't remember him. My buddy our good post personal buddy
One thing we can say about him today. I guess we've said it many times before he's an asshole. Yeah, and he proved it
He's got juicy details in the real case. Did you see the story? No, you didn't see it. I call a sought
Yes, he's seen it
Well, we're getting out of that way where we're as soon as we come back as we got to do the break
But boy, I'll tell you this man the
He and Jerry fall a lot of willope because the two of them making stick they can stick their legs down each other's trotes or something
This is a bigoted nasty mean spirited prick is what our governor isn't by the way the apple don't fall through too far from
The it's twin brother tree which he and his twin. He's his evil twin. I would say
That may have been pulled to take which one is dumber which of the bush brothers do you think is the dumbest
And don't forget don't forget the dumb go the other D goes with a dumb and dangerous which I think in both their cases is very
appropriate
Anyway, we'll get to those juicy details about the real case and about how governor jester continues alienating more and more
Factions of the populace out there with stupid idiotic comments because he's a bozo and a bigoted right wing Christian
In fact, I think I mean redundant there. Okay. I think we had several redundancies in that sentence
926 at 560 wq. I am hey, let me tell you something you want to do a little something for your health
Start popping olio med and your poison to no time at all
You'll feel the difference because it's a great product that features the best olive oil you'll find anywhere
Along with vitamins minerals and herbals all rolled up into one little soft gel capsule your pop in your ugly
Puss and they have a separate product designed to help your heart
There's one specifically to help lower your blood pressure one for your cholesterol one for your prostate
One for your circulatory system your digestive and endocrine system your skin your bones even your mind all using the benefits of
Honest of goodness pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with all those other good things
Oliomid manufactures products for men and some specifically geared for you ladies out there as well
It's an outstanding exciting new product. It's spiffy and picks them up today at Whole Food Markets and Walgreens
Sedanos and Avaropharmacy's get more information by calling the toll free number and that's how you all about it
Call 1 866 olio med that's 1 866 olio med which you can also order on their website if you prefer
It's easy just log on to olio med america
Like I said log on to olio med america dot com
This is for 305 city
Way
But it's not good. It's great
This time when all I want to have are
For you to eat
Yeah, mine
And
And everything that I
Just make me
June
Thank you
Oh
No
Yeah, they sound like you're on, you know, like that weed, you know, like Rick and Skud.
I'm 31 at 560.
We got 28 votes on a poll which just went up on early a moment ago.
Who would you prefer to see as leader of the free world today?
Bill Clinton 13, George W.S. 6, Tony Blair 5, and Al Sharpton's got 4 eyes.
See, you're laughing at him.
How do you like that?
You're laughing at that.
The investigation into defrocked priest John Gagan now widening 17 more people in Boston
have filed lawsuits alleging they were sexually abused by Gagan over a 32 year period.
Last month, the Catholic Archdiocese in Boston reached a $10 million deal to settle about
86 cases related to the former priest.
Thank you, Bill.
Don't forget 4 o'clock in the morning, set your VCR on PBS Front Line.
What was the name of it again?
Yeah, I forgot.
I forgot.
The man who knew something.
I don't know too much.
I could play like a few seconds of the audio there, but it probably would be like out of,
you know, would make any sense.
I guess you hear it.
Where is it?
The New York Times article, the outstanding issue about the missing bed.
There had become such a personal cost and I think.
Yeah, they drummed his ass out of the FBI.
The FBI are a bunch of far-bitching to go.
I'm gonna tell you that right now, man.
They are evil doers.
Make no mistake about it.
And let me ask you one thing before I get into that juicy details.
Yeah, is Louis free?
Governor says juicy details in a radio case.
This is a worldwide story now.
This isn't just confined to the Yokel papers in Florida.
This is made it all around the world, more embarrassment.
Well, there's Hans Blix.
He's a decent person for the inspectors.
If they get into the city.
He's agreed to delay the return of the inspector.
Certainly the US threat of consequences for Baghdad hangs over everything.
There are five permanent members on the Security Council.
The US could not just do whatever it wants to do at least diplomatically.
There's a Richard Roth.
He looks awfully Jewish to me.
Anyway, Governor Jabbush told a delegation of lawmakers that they had some juicy details
about the sexual orientation of a Missy Mime Girls caretakers.
During a meeting Wednesday, Bush implied that the two women who had just been charged
with fraud stemming from the investigation into William Wilson's disappearance were lesbians.
As Pamela Graham was being arrested, she told her co-workers,
tell my wife I've been arrested.
The wife is the grandmother.
The aunt is the husband Bush explained using his fingers to indicate quotation marks to
emphasize the word grandmother.
You seeing this?
Wink wink, nudge, nudge.
You don't get that in Pensacola, Bush told his guests, the group of lawmakers from Florida's
Panhandle, and attorney for one of the two women called the governor's comments outrageous
and said the women are sisters, not a lesbian couple.
The women, Gerald and Pamela Graham were charged Wednesday with stealing more than $14,000
in pubic assistance.
They were not charged in this appearance of a radio who was missing 15 months before
the State Department of Children and Families realized, Napoli, she was gone, she would
have turned six last Sunday, would have been the operative term there.
The radio case threw a spotlight on the DCF, the leading top child welfare administrators
to quit, and Blue Ribbon Committee to examine the agency.
But six months after the agency reported to William missing, the $75,000 reward for finding
the little girl remains unclaimed, it's up to 100 now by the way.
And no criminal charges have been filed.
Elizabeth Hurts spokeswoman for Bush said yesterday that the governor relayed details
and factual information regarding the arrest of Riggas caretakers, he intended no offense,
and continues to focus on the safe return of young Riggas.
Oh yeah, please.
But Joshua Fisher, Pamela Graham's attorney called the governor's comments outrageous
and disgusting.
He's making jokes when they're still missing baby here or doesn't he care for his
daughter?
He said yesterday he's trying to get paperwork including birth certificates that will
prove that the women are sisters and not a couple.
Nadine Smith, executive director of Equality Florida, the state's largest gay and lesbian
advocacy group called the comments, childish and locker room homophobia.
Bush made his remarks to three-beer public and panhandle legislators, two GOP state house
candidates and aides during a meeting in the governor's office.
He apparently didn't realize a reporter with the Gnett Regional newspapers of Florida
accompanied the group.
His comments were first reported and went to his edition of the Pensacola News Journal.
It was a non-events said they'd mercenac GOP nominee and state house district two who
was at the meeting.
It wasn't any big deal to us.
Really, all of us were there for more important stuff than a bunch of died comments.
GOP state representative Greg Evers said Bush simply informed the group about the arrest
and he didn't make any indewendowers and situations about anybody quote unquote.
See what we're saying?
What are you saying?
I'm saying he's a bigoted right-wing cracker is what I'm saying.
What a shocker.
What a silver spoon up his ass.
What a dysfunctional screwed up family.
Another one of these far-bisoner right-wing GOP state-wingers now anybody in their right
mind unless they're a cracker like him.
I make a vote for him for even dog catcher just beats the living crap out of me.
I'll tell you.
Just as Stanish is the crap out of my ass.
Forty-eight votes on there.
Who'd you like to see as leader of the free world if he had your druthers?
Bill Clinton twenty-four, Tony Blair ten, W nine and El Sharpen's got five.
So either it's five dark folks or it's five people in a good sense of humor.
Hey, maybe he's got a shot, you know what?
You actually got that out straight.
Hey, at the way those people multiply man and dark folks the rapidity with which they
multiply like rabbits by the time two thousand four election comes around.
There might be like six hundred million darkies in the country and then he'd have a real
shot.
El Sharpen.
Can I like Jesse as his runny made or maybe Louis Ferrican could be secretary of defense,
secretary of state?
Huh?
Nothing.
Butler accuses US of nuclear hypocrisy.
The former chief weapon.
This is in the Sydney, Australia morning, Harold by the way.
I thought not in your weekly reader.
Remember Butler Richard Butler?
Yes.
Well, poor, huh?
Well, poor, huh?
The former chief weapons inspector in a rack Richard Butler has lashed out at the US
double standard saying even educated Americans were deaf to arguments about the hypocrisy
of their stance on nuclear weapons.
Mr. Butler and Australian told the Seminar University of Sydney Center for Peace and
Conflict Studies that Americans did not appreciate they could not time or write to possess nuclear
weapons, but deny it to other nations.
My attempts to have Americans entering the discussions about double standards have been
abject failure, even with highly educated and engaged people, Mr. Butler said, I sometimes
thought I was speaking to them in Martian so deep as their inability to understand.
Mr. Butler's comment to the Seminar are reported to the university's latest newsletter.
What America totally fails to understand is that their weapons of mass destruction are
just as much a problem as are those of Iraq, he said, adding that Hollywood storylines
fueled such attitudes.
Mr. Butler said the horror of 9-11 had only entrenched the idea in Americans that there
are good weapons of mass destruction and there are bad ones.
Yeah, it's good bombs and bad bombs, right?
Smart bombs and dumb bombs.
And then some that aren't quite as smart as we thought they were.
The ones that like, you know, blow up people's weddings, things like that.
Mr. Butler and the Kill Four Canadians.
Mr. Butler handed you in weapons inspection team in Iraq in the early 90s as a former
Australian ambassador for disarmament.
Earlier delivering the university's temple in lecture, Mr. Butler said one of the most
difficult times when the Iraqi regime had been dealing with the issue of inconsistency.
Among my toughest moments in Baghdad were when the Iraqis demanded that explain why they
should be hounded for their weapons of mass destruction when just down the road Israel
was not, even though it was known to possess some 200 nuclear weapons, he said.
I confess, too, that I flinch when I hear American, British, and French flamination against
weapons of mass destruction, ignoring the fact that they are the proud owners of massive
quantities of those weapons, unapologetically insisting that they were essential for the
national security and will remain so.
Mr. Butler said that manifest unfairness, double standards, produced a situation that was
deeply inherently unstable.
That is because human beings will not swallow such unfairness.
This principle is as certain as the basic laws of physics itself.
Mr. Butler said one problem in countering Iraq was that materials and technologies employed
in making a chemical or biological weapon were identical to those used in a range of
benign products for medical investor agricultural use, and maybe even like baby milk, too.
The UN Security Council's decision, 91, to destroy, remove a render harmless or
racks weapons of mass destruction, was unique in far-reaching, far tougher than past attempts
to disarm defeated countries like Germany and Japan.
So how do you like that, poor Dick Butler, that whether he's a pissed off or fired up?
He doesn't understand that we're the good guys that weren't at the world as split into
two now.
Right.
The world according to the Bushmeisters, there's the good people in the evil doors, and that's
it.
There ain't nobody else.
There's no riding on offense on this one, okay?
Put on your guide to encaboo a hat, get your six-year-old out, and join with us or your
genus.
That's it, simple as that.
Kind of like a QAM.
There's either the good people or the evil people, the evil people of course being all of
those on Greg's side.
Sixty-three votes on our poll.
Who would you prefer to see as leader of the free world right now, this moment?
Bill Clinton, 30, Tony Blair, 14, W-11, and Al Sharpton, 8.
I'm telling you, I think Al's got a shot.
Is there still anybody out there who's not plunging their guts out at a VIP sports
book talk?
Especially with a weekend and all a football coming up.
Then we better tell you right now you're missing out on a really great sports book.
You're all these ads for these other sports books, but do some research before you hand
your cash over to these people.
Some of these are 10th world countries that they're from, you know, like OGIS.
Let me help you out.
VIP sports book talk.
It comes as the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs.
They're Dutch based, so they're worthy of your trust in one of the first online sports
books.
So if you go on a rule of a lifetime, as if you get lucky, you want to be at that time
with the best sports book available, which is beyond the shadow of a doubt, VIPsportsbook.com.
So open an account online and get you a 15% cash sign up bonus just for doing it online.
And did I mention that they got the highest parliage?
You'll find anywhere up to 2000 to 1.
So get your ass over to VIPsportsbook.com and plunge to your heart's content while it's
still available at a book with class called Tool Free 1-866 VIP Vets.
Listen, I hang this afternoon and then plunge your lungs.
1-866 VIP Vets go to VIPsportsbook.com on the net and get that 15% sign up bonus.
VIPsportsbook.com where you be the VIP.
Friday, you bastard.
Oh, I'm going to be a big fan of you.
Friday, you bastard.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Are you sure?
I'm sure.
See, I didn't do that right now.
Biggest console week I think I've ever seen.
Biggest one.
See what I say, Tom Cruise, but he's a man at that point, Phil, should say.
Are you sure?
See what I'm saying?
Tom Cruise, thing.
Well, next time I'll know.
945 at 560 WQ, I'm happy Friday to it.
You see Friday ordinarily, you're pretty enthused that it's Friday and see into the week and all those clichés.
But I'm not all that excited about it because the problem was the week as fast as the weeks have gone last three or four weeks.
The weekend goes like how about like that?
Like that.
Yes, like that.
So what I'm thinking is that before I know it, it's going to be Monday morning.
And again, it's a terrible cliche, but nobody even fast-dominable into crazy about Blue Monday.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
Not too thrilled about that.
But at any rate, New England Paul Fax is and says, hey, go to Sunday's Patriot Dolphin game with about 15 Patriot Dolphin games.
All right.
You remember one fan, listen to you show every day, want to let you know that there are a lot of Patriot fans.
Go Tom Brady, kick some serious ad.
Yeah.
Kicks.
In fact, I'd like to see them turn J. Feeler into a human bagel on Sunday would be great.
And that's not, you know, and that's not personal, Jay.
It's not that we know like he or nice guy and just the fact he went to Dartmouth, we won't hold that against you.
But you ain't no Tom Brady sweet, how do I put it that in any sense of the word?
I'm going to be sitting there just sniffing that TV screen.
I'm going to be sitting there inches away from it.
In fact, guess what I got right over here.
Oh, I got my sports illustrator.
What was the date on this?
The date was something April 15th of this year, April 15th, what an interesting date, huh?
The tax man come with and so does Tom Brady.
Good court.
Well, how come this thing looks looks much the worst for wear?
Oh, and inside is a picture of, look at that.
What a fag, huh?
Me meaning.
Not seriously, Josie Theater, the Montreal Canadians great cool tender was wrapped up by the Leafs last night.
And the next edition is gaming month, you're all five to three, but nevertheless.
See one thing about the Leafs now, we give up the first goal in every game, the first shot, right off the bat,
just to give a false sense of security.
And then we catch him while we're there.
Look at that picture on page 35 of sports illustrator Tom Brady.
There's a face that everybody can love.
I don't care how but you are.
I don't give a crap.
Even Mo probably has got a soft spot in his old ass for Tom Brady.
Good God.
Is he a sweetheart or what, huh?
But behind that boyish look, don't confuse yourself.
There's a dangerous arm behind that look.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm saying he's going to kick some ass.
I'm hoping that if not, that's okay to you.
Even if he doesn't, he still looks a lot better than Jay Feeder.
With those big goofy ears, the fact Jay Feeder, anybody ever see him in Dumbledore at the same time?
Now that was bad.
Why are you picking on Jay Feeder?
Because everybody else does.
Why can't I?
I wish Jay Feeder all the luck in the world off the field.
I'm the field up yours Jay.
But off the field is a good guy.
Good Jewish boy from Dartmouth.
What's wrong with that?
I hope he makes a lot of money.
He ain't no Dan Marino.
We know that.
He ain't no Dan Marino, baby.
I'll tell you that right now.
All you people I used to pile on on Danny's ass.
Oh, there's no super balls with Dan Marino.
Yeah, right.
As if that's his fault.
I guarantee if they would have had Ricky Williams with them.
I mean, if the timing would have been different and Ricky Williams would have been, uh, see what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Then you've seen a different story.
Said what had a running game.
Who do they have?
They had Mark Higgs.
You know, another and a Troy Stratford.
Oh my God.
Good sales guy.
Nice ball spot.
But I mean, is he a running back?
No.
Get serious.
Okay.
He couldn't run from where you're sitting in the wall.
No, seriously.
In fact, the only person, the only dark, complex, ex-jock, ex-dolphin-jock that could run that far was...
Roar!
And that's only because he saw that huge black dildo up there on the, uh, on the, uh, thing, on a wall.
Remember how fast he moved for the...
I gotta have that.
Man, he just pounced on that thing.
Just grabbed it.
And I'm not making that up either.
I'm not embellishing that story.
His eyes were like pinball machine.
Ruled it around when he saw that thing.
I wonder what he did with it.
Oh, and speaking of that, what a great segue of this story from the Washington Post.
Man's friend space, Levy Case Grand Jury.
A Grand Jury has subpoenaed friends of a man who's now the focus of the Sean DeLevy investigation.
You want apology to Gary Condoet, by the way?
I won't let it give it to him.
I don't give a crap what you say.
You want apology.
You were relentless on it for a piece of crap.
Yeah.
So he likes a little rough sex, okay?
And so, I guarantee you, you've eaten more ass than he has.
No.
Oh, yes.
Oh, no.
Yes.
He's a congressman.
Oh.
A Grand Jury has subpoenaed friends of a man who's now the focus of the Sean DeLevy investigation.
Among them in apartment managers who told the Washington Post a man had facial scratches and a swollen cut lip
around the time that the federal intern, the former federal intern, disappeared.
How do you like that?
A facial scratches and a swollen cut lip.
Sheila Cruz, the manager of building on Somerset Place Northwest, where Ingmar Guandique lived,
said she can place the time she saw the facial abrasions as late April or early maybe because it was shortly before, uh, what?
I'll be shortly before Juan D.K. then 19 was arrested May 7, 2001 on charges of breaking into an apartment in the complex.
Levy, whose remains were found in Rock Creek Park, this spring, disappeared May 1, 2001.
You follow me, miss?
He was arrested May 7.
She disappeared May 1.
And D.K. blamed his wounds on his girlfriend saying she had hit him.
Cruz said, just like O.J. went at the cut down the hand, you know?
Right.
He just had coincidence.
But the former girlfriend and interview said she had not caused injuries to her.
In his face, she said she never saw the scratches and swollen lip.
She described the relationship as tumultuous and said it was on and off and in and out by May 2001.
Cruz was subpoenaed late Wednesday and hours after she was interviewed by the post, her boyfriend, one of Guandique's friends, also was subpoenaed.
Juan D.K.'s former girlfriend, Iris Portillo, and her mother said in an interview that they were called, sound like a bunch of beaners to me,
were called the US Attorney's Office last month.
Portillo 20 said she took detectives to a spot in Rock Creek Park where she'd gone with Juan D.K.
Less than a mile from where Levy's remains were found.
She said investigators took a gold bracelet which she sent was a gift from Juan D.K. in early 2001 and a necklace.
It's unclear what Jolary Levy was wearing when she was slain.
Law enforcement sources have said that a gold bracelet and gold ring were missing from her belongings.
Uh-oh.
You owe an apology to Gary Conda, God damn it.
No.
I think this whole country owes an apology.
In fact, let's hold that.
No, that's right.
I forgot he's a right-wing Democrat.
He's a right-wing goody Tushu Democrat who was all over Bubba on Peniscape
and in the meantime, he was screwing everything with a skirt on.
Now they're one of them right-wing hypocrites.
What a piece of turd, man.
What do you think about Jeb Bush and the Catherine Harris, by the way?
Cruz said that until this week she had not been contacted by DC Police during the 17-month investigation,
she has won a civil Juan D.K. friends or relatives who have been subpoenaed in recent weeks as investigators focus on Juan D.K.
A salvage Dorian immigrant who was convicted last September of assaulting two women,
jogging in Rock Creek Park not far from where Levy's remains were discovered.
The attack occurred May 14, 2001, two weeks after Levy disappeared,
and July 1, 2001.
I think he done it.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I mean, what do I know?
I'm just reading from a Washington Post.
The flurry of subpoenas in the Gran Jury's interest in Juan D.K.
Marquets significant change in the investigation which had focused on representative Gary A. Condit,
with whom Levy was having an affair at the time she vanished.
Police have not interviewed Condit since the discovery of her marines officially turned a missing person case into a homicide investigation.
And now how the president says it, homo site detectives have no evidence linking Juan D.K. or anybody else to lead these death police have sent a closed Juan D.K.
was wearing when he was arrested July 1, 2001 for the park assaults to the FBI lab test for DNA,
Corninga Law enforcement sources.
Following that, they want some DNA tests on that clothing.
They want to see if Sean resergan any hint, a hair, a curly one, a straight one, anything.
I think he's going to get it.
97 votes on a poll so far.
Who would you prefer to have his leader the free world today if you if you could like say, okay, you're it.
Bill Clinton 49, Tony Blair 21, George W. 15.
And Al Sharpton 12.
Hey Sharpton's given the W. Meister a pretty good run for his money there.
So anyway, Jim Bush was telling me this story about these two dikes.
I mean, not necessarily.
What kind of what kind of people I get the same kind of people that he and his family are some that that's the kind of people that would vote for jab bush for anything.
Scum because that's what they are.
I remember seeing him at the ballgame.
Meck when we had those I would be baseball.
But early years of the Marlins the founder seats remember those.
Oh, yeah.
Well, no, seriously, you didn't go to the games, but you know what I'm talking about the game of those founder seats right there.
Long right behind the first baseline great seats by the way, but my misfortune.
And one of the reasons I stopped going to Marlin games very early on by the way is because of the fact that jab bush and his cronies and all these right wing assholes, they they had that like whole section there.
And it was just filled with them, including this one guy to wait about 800 pounds who was a one of their fun razors from telehassy.
He and his Yahoo wife.
I'm surprised they didn't bring their trailer with him, but at any rate they they were sitting like and this guy weighed at least 900 pounds easy.
And then one game, jab was actually there and somebody poked him and there's that bag back there, you know, because we were standing up before the game for whatever.
And he turns around and give me a look and I like I nodded at him like, hey, hey, asshole. Hey, asshole. How you doing? Hey.
And by the way, you better take that spoon out of your ass. It's still stuck in there. Somebody should tell you man.
Dogmon, Tarot and they were supposed to be having had a piece by him in a long time. You know what?
Then you want to know why? Why? Because this priest thing has been on a hiatus.
We've had all the Sodom stuff and Gamora stuff.
As a result, there haven't been all these articles about the priest situation and that's what they counted on.
You know, oh, something else will come along. You know, they've heard the public's offended. Just like the Maryland shooting spree.
Pocity of what the projectile will travel. Yeah. See now they haven't a big song and it's about what kind of a weapon was it and the kind of bullets and how.
I mean, oh brother, the FBI, you talk about evil doers man. They invented it.
I think it started with that gay and your Hoover.
Hey, well, I'm getting wound up to a frenetic frenzy here. I shouldn't be doing that under Friday.
I should be saving my energy for lunch. Don't you think? Is it going to take energy?
Oh, and you know something speaking of that isn't the day Friday, the day the beast is supposed to be in there to weigh himself? Right.
Where is he? Don't see him.
And I was thinking another thing about that topic and you know since a balance for life, I guess that are playing like a.
I don't know what you would call it playing with his emotions and saying well, we'll bring your food Monday through Friday, but on a weekend, you're on your own fat.
So I think what they should do is that he needs the food seven days a week is they should just quit bringing you food. You don't need it.
Okay, they'll bring me a lunch.
Well, there you go right there. Quit bringing George food. If you add those lunches up, that's five lunches a week.
That more than compensates for whatever crap that I mean good stuff they'll give him for the weekend. I guess I shouldn't mention that he hasn't picked up his food for the past two days.
Like I said, I think you need to watch yourself. You better get your food. See, I try to go to bat for a guy like that.
And he's he's not fooling us. He's off the wagon now. If I'm them, I don't bring him anything anymore.
If it's just going to sit around there, in fact, I'm I feel jealous right now. I bet you there's some good stuff in there that I would enjoy having right now.
No question. I bet you there's like an omelette. I could he didn't my microwave in the kitchen, which is only a stone surf or I'm sitting right now.
That's the great part about being like in your own apartment, doing a show.
Can like crawl into the kitchen there, hop in and refrigerate or give me some more diet soda. Give me that balance for life omelette or wrap or something like that.
But of course, I don't have any of that. I didn't get a box yesterday and well, 956 and 560 WQ.
I'm speaking of food castaway seafood company knows seafood like nobody you knows. They pride themselves on serving you the freshest and the best seafood available fresh fish that is never frozen.
Castaways also features grilled certified angus beef. That's with a G burger is filet mignon or a big huge juicy New York strip.
Castaways is great weekend specials like all you can eat fried catfish for only 1095. A seafood medley with calamari shrimp and fish only 1395 or chili and sea bass only 1995.
If you want to castaways tailgate party at the hog fish bar offering college and NFL football specials, including all you can eat hot and spicy Buffalo shrimp for only 795.
Why do you watch your favorite teams? Why do you watch the Patriots kick the stuffings out of the office on Sunday? I hope. Yeah, you never know.
There's also live entertainment every Saturday night at castaways. Castaways seafood companies got a full bar the open seven days a week and located on the Southwest corner of University.
Drive in Griffin Road and Davie not too far from Steve M's house. If you're looking to cater your next homeroppa's party, castaways can do that for you too.
The castaway seafood company featuring seafood so fresh, it might just reach up and slap you in that ugly put.
We're sports radio 5cc. You A.M.
Why the you bastard?
Oh, we're all working that's on to be the lockers out on a haunted spring. If she's gone to hell then she'll lift when she should.
The night that Gary can't give a tour. God, good.
They were out on a date parking Gary's car. Maybe Gary had gone just a little too far. He shut up the motor turned her rent said.
How about it? Maybe I could use me some care. Maybe that young intern thought that that wasn't right.
Put the cocktails in their system made them feel so like. Sounds are thought for a moment and said you're no place.
Let me be true said Gary, but I still want your real.
Welcome.
Yes.
Oh, where can that shoulder be? She ain't been hurt or seen for so many weeks. If she's gone to heaven then she'll lift when she should.
The night that Gary can't give a tour. God, good.
When he woke up the next morning, Shantou was not around. Though Gary had noticed his pants were still down. He remembered her points into her hearted thighs.
Yes, Gary finally got bored. He wanted last night. She had opened the door, winked at him and said,
I'll remember just a little bit to what happened. She took off after he blew her up his and no one including Gary has seen her since.
So the fact is she's gone. These facts made not be right. If somebody knows the truth will then the truth will be nice.
Well, the truth is this El Salvadoran guy may have been the one may have we underlie that and of course alleged and possible and maybe not. You know what I'm saying?
Always have to have 85 disclaimers on there just to cover your ass. A luched supposed right might be and it might not be 10 out to a five 60 WQ I am 125 vote.
Who would you prefer to have later the free world today? Bill Clinton 63 20, 25 George W 22 and Al Sharpen's got 15 year of little afraid.
So you thought he was like a crankboat. I think you'll do better than Bush actually. Do you want to know how I see the reason we can't get the name of that congressman with the bed here piece because he it just dawned on me during that break.
He's from California. I see not Ohio and he's not in congress anymore. I do know that he retired or whatever or got his ass kicked at any rate.
Right wing he was on a house investigating committee in the judiciary committee back when the penis gave thing was going on.
It looks like a brown small brown farm animal died on his head. The were far worse than most will ever be. I mean just the most silly ass looking person somebody maybe will know former.
Of course there aren't that many Republicans from California anyway in the house and in anything. Follow what I'm saying. Yes.
I said orange County of course where they're all like you know having a birch meetings but nevertheless.
So maybe somebody will know now because I'm just Jones and get his name before the weekend.
So anyway Doug Monteiro writes in New York post was about half hour ago I started getting in this right priest told get a lawyer.
He says priest should remain silent and get lawyers whenever their bishops confront them with sexual abuse allegations.
A well respected church attorney told a roomful of clerics who might yesterday in the current scheme of things you should not admit anything.
Monsignor William Varvaro told about 150 people attending meeting of the voice of the ordained a new group for current and former Roman Catholic priests.
Varvaro also warned that the information accused priest give their church leaders could be turned over to prosecutors and held against them.
The father's son relationship between a priest and a bishop has been destroyed. Varvaro's advice and curated priest sex abuse victim Daniel Dubu of Brooklyn who interrupted the speech by saying I've heard enough.
This is a map to cover up crime he said before he was forcibly thrown out of the meeting room at the West 52nd Street Manhattan Club as several priests hollered get him out of here.
Despite it all do go in the priest for Varvaro was trying to lecture share one common thin thread they don't trust a church hierarchy.
The mistrust was born shortly after the June U.S. bishops conference where the church leaders hammered out a zero tolerance sex abuse policy designed to oust child molesting priests.
The Reverend John P. Duffel who organized yesterday's meeting said policy not only violates priest rights especially those falsely accused but fails to call of account the bishops who transferred known molesters from parish to parish to cover up problems.
They said sexual abuse is wrong but they didn't talk about handling of it by bishops Duffel said. Some priest said they feel like sacrificial lambs who are paying for the sex abuse scandal even though a published report showed two-thirds of the nation's bishops mishandle abuse cases.
It shows the inequality and I think everyone should have been held accountable for what they did or did not do said months in your Larry Hinch of the holy child Jesus church and queens.
Now for the first time innocent priests or those who knew about an abuse are feeding like the victims who's right provided by the church hierarchy.
How do you like that? Get him out of here. Get him out of here and shut him up. Dummy up you goofball.
Miami mom pleads innocent in death of baby left in van. We seem to have an epidemic of these. Yeah, no, it's disgusting.
A woman accused in the death of an infant left inside a sweltering minivan pleaded innocent yesterday to charges of aggravated manslaughter.
You need a Perez. You need a Perez why you in I a you need a you need a Perez 26 of these suburban Nauranga neighborhood sat silently as a public defender all over all of her.
Morales entered a plea of innocence before circuit judge Roberto Pinero. Well, what what country are we talking about?
Well, what country are we talking about with a bunch of names like that all I lumped out in a ranger.
Perez is charged in the August 29th heat stroke death of seven month old Philip Goodman. If convicted, she faces up to 20 years in prison.
Police said Perez a neighbor of Phillips mother Clarice Gutman let Philip Rauer strapped in his car seat in the back of the minivan.
Perez was supposed to drop Philip off at a daycare center discovered the child dead hours later police said.
Pinero said another hearing for November 11th, Friday for November 25 since 1992 kids and cars had reported 18 deaths in Florida involving young children and cars.
He knew there was an organization called kids and cars. No, I never heard that before. It sounds like toys are russed on a kids and cars.
No, no, seriously. What what is that? I never heard of that. No. This is from the Sun Semmel kids and cars. It's an organization, I guess.
18 deaths in Florida involving young children and cars and probably a bunch of others that we never heard about. But this wasn't even a wrong kid.
This wasn't even a wrong kid. This was a neighbor's kid and she left the kid strapped in the back of the minivan in sweltering heat and humidity for hours.
Oh, guess what neighbor your kids then I screwed up. I guess something must have happened while I was in there. I mean, what are we talking about?
And what kind of a goddamn foreign country? Jesus, God and Joseph, man, I'm so glad I'm not an epinano republic at least at the moment anyway. God, I may have to reconsider that whole idea coming back there even for a second.
That is just some kind of a, and that's not a third world country. That's an 80th world country.
You people in date County, man. I don't know when you're going to wake up and stuff the daffodils, but you better get out of there while they're getting still good.
I don't want to start getting on date counties asked but get out of there. That's my best advice when in doubt. Get the hell out.
How about Carlos? Where do you live? Date County. Yeah, unfortunately, they can't. I keep trying to talk to him about that. Well, I were in Dave County. Well, now I live on the beach, but that's just recent.
I have my whole family lives like a Westchester. Oh, Jesus Christ. That's not even close to the county line. Nope. Not even the same country. You can't even make a run for it.
And then we got Miguel who also lives in Dave County, which of course is just outrageous, just outlandish. And you know who else lives in Dave County, which goes to show you that somebody with money lives in Dave County, obviously is lacking for brains.
Great. Yeah. How do you like that? Of course, in a big fancy expensive house, lives in Dave County in a house that Enrique used to live in. I wonder if Enrique left any droppings for him. You think he has a bird?
No, small one. I think it's a cockatoo. 149 votes. Who would you prefer to have his leader of the free world today if you could choice if you could say if you could choice it.
Bill Clinton 75 George W. 30 20 Blair 27 and I'll sharpen 17 shots at you and nearly misemployees. A lot of guns going off last couple of days. You know, that a lot of stories involving gun rights.
And of course, we all know why there's a lot of stories involving guns. That's the American way. Exactly. A gunman apparently protesting these. What is that? What is that? What was that?
I think this thing is on automatic pilot myself. A gun and apparently protesting the state of human rights in North Korea climbed over an unpatrouled fence that you went headquarters yesterday afternoon and fired seven shots.
At the building with the revolver, nearly missing several employees, the one security chief said, the man identified as Steve Kim, then threw down a 357 caliber magnum.
Wasn't I talking about 357 magnums yesterday? Yes. Maybe he was listening to the show walked over to a bag. He had brought reached inside tossed a handful of written flyers into the air that contained a rambling political message about human rights in North Korea. So chief Michael McCann, did you see the rambling message that he wrote?
No, it looked like some of the stuff which I don't want to mention a names to encourage anybody to start faction us again, but some of the stuff that we've received on the fact machine over the years. You know, I'm referring to yes, I mean, like that.
Kim then leaned against the flagpole calmly watching a security agents approach and handcuffed him. He did not resist. The flyers were addressed to all people who love freedom and justice and complained about the plate of North Koreans that were written in English and signed by Steve Kim, citizen of the UN.
The UN Security Council was meeting inside of the time. No evacuation or other steps were taken. Said you and spokesman Huai Zhang.
Kim was taken into custody by members of the protective detail was preparing for the departure of the motorcade of a visiting dignitary. The detail included members of the Secret Service, the State Department's Protection Service, and the New York Police Department, UN Security personnel also respawned a McCann said.
Kim was turned over to the FBI will be a raided federal court today said Mike Kullstad, a spokesman for the West Attorney's Office. He sent at least two of the shots struck windows on the 18th and 20th floors of landmark building in Manhattan along the East River.
Didn't we just have like a guy going out shooting your Died Dream man in New York on Wednesday?
We had that story yesterday and we have that story about not taking shooting all over the place. Yeah, Maryland.
No, no, I'm not talking about knowing New York shooting out the sniper in New York. You guys better get with it, mister. You're confusing your Maryland shooters with the New York shooters, whether you win shooter.
Man, you better get with it because if you're going to be on the bandwagon here in the good versus evil access battle, you better know who you're shooting at. You follow what I'm saying?
Instead of John Wayne, you're starting to like in La Caja full. You're starting to act a little more like Feywayne.
154 votes on a poll. I'm watching this with great interest today. Who would you love prefer to be the leader of the free world today with all the stuff that's going on? The economy is in the crack.
Oh, gee, I'm looking at that little thing on the right hand side that Dow is down another 55 and then has that down to almost 10.
Man, hey, was it Robert Dornin or something like that? No, no, but he's you know something.
James Rogan. That's it. That's it. Oh.
In fact, how about some Rogan for James Rogan? Too late. How are they spawning that R O G A N? Yes. That's the one.
But now that you mentioned it, Bob Dornin, who's a real card carrying Nazi who got defeated last time. Oh, man. Let's hear it for that.
We got rid of Bob Bar and that Nazi in a very short period of time in a couple of years. Bob Dornin and Bob Bar.
Maybe they can go over there and celebrate. They can hang out at the Brandenburg Gate. You see who was at the Brandenburg Gate ceremony, which I talked about yesterday.
You see who was there yesterday? No, Bob. And they loved him. They loved him. See, see, they don't see in Europe.
And most of the rest of the world, they don't care about the leader of a country getting a few blow jobs. In fact, they all just, they were cringing.
They couldn't believe this, the shenanigans that were going on over here. While we should have been worrying about terrorism and about finding Osama Yamama and doing important things.
We had a waste two years and 60 or 70 million dollars of the taxpayer money on a, on a witch hunt about a guy's sex life on his banana business.
And they can't relate to that. They don't understand it. How, how anybody can be so puritanical, even though we're descended from the brits, they still can't understand it.
So Victorian, so hypocritical, so full of crap. And especially when the people who were conducting the witch hunt come to find out, most of them are a bunch of hormongers anyway.
So the fact of the matter is they love bubble around the world because they realize that they're, he's got, he's got something.
We don't know exactly what it is, but he's got something.
Especially, you know, an IQ larger than his thumbnails, especially compared to certain others, which we won't mention. 12 minutes elected governor, 12 minutes after 10 and his brother at 560 WQ AM,
Pompato Harness is doing it, baby. They're back in action with live racing tonight and every Friday and Saturday night.
There's a new first race post time, 17, 715 PM, V alerted to that, 715.
And for the first time in the 40 year history of the tractor is free clubhouse and free grandstand admission all season long and is always free general parking.
There are two new wagers this year at Pompato Park, completely super, super with a $10,000 bonus payout or try one of the two pick four wagers.
This Friday night tonight is CScape night. There'll be free prize drawing to win one of five trips for two on the CScape Casino dinner cruise.
Also on a program tonight is the $48,000 finals of the Florida Sunshine State for Trotters and tomorrow night is the $48,000 Sunshine State finals for PASERS.
For the next two weeks, Pompato Park will be open for live racing every Friday and Saturday as in tonight and tomorrow night.
The track is open every day of your life seven days and nights a week still for a sidel casting starting at noon.
Please don't forget the new post times as tonight and tomorrow 715 for live racing.
Pompato Park on Powerline Road to Block South Atlantic Boulevard. Horsepower we can plunge your guts on.
This is sports waiting for you by city.
You way out.
Kill Nicole.
World's trests in a suit. Congress hit a male prostitute.
Right around is a slimmer without wearing pants if you start dating him as a hell of a chance to change your life.
They'll tell you he loves you but won't leave his wife.
Then he flips does it all change when it's out of night.
That's what it's like if you're a dairy girl.
God help you with your dairy girl.
Then who's your god?
Your god just like that.
All the women say.
Condits a quick and pro-de-shane.
If you write down your name it is little black both they might pull you from the river on the end of a hook.
You're not going to be able to get your life.
You're not going to be able to get your life.
You're not going to be able to get your life.
You're not going to be able to get your life.
You're not going to be able to get your life.
You're not going to be able to get your life.
You're not going to be able to get your life.
You're not going to be able to get your life.
You're not going to be able to get your life.
You must go to it.
YUKS.com.
You will just craft your pants, especially the Britney poster.
Oh, you already won.
See this one.
I guess maybe James Rogan is still in Congress.
I don't know.
I haven't seen him in a long time.
We know James traffic.
He made like a departure resort time ago.
We know where he's hanging out.
But at any rate, are you on it yet?
I'm getting there.
I'm on the opening thing.
Enter your success.
Enter your success.
Tell us about inspired ver魚.
Mary nude. Oh, there's some great stuff. And then they got Arrey Fleischer's picture.
There only says Arrey Lai Shure poster. Mad as hell. There's Alfred E. Newman and Ron.
Oh, it's got some beautiful stuff. But anyway, so what inspired me to check that out is
because David faxes me this battle of the bad two pays. And it's a contest they have
an ongoing thing. I'm not finding it on there right now. Maybe you will. It says each
week will put two competitors with whacked out hair hats in a quest to find the ultimate
champion in the battle of the bad two pays. Our first competition faces off two politicians.
James traffic and Democrat of Ohio and James Rogan and Republican of California, both
members of the Wig party. That's W-H-I-G. Do you do any vote now? I can't find that
on there. Can you? No, I'm trying to get it. I know you're born off my face. You're probably
busy. No, all this crap is popping up here. Oh, it's a beautiful thing. Yuckst.com, folks,
when did I check it out right now? Why UK? I had to close the browser. It was taken over.
Some excellent stuff. I'll still do it anyway. Moving right along. Well, that's because
you got that crappy, you know, you got the belts that belt south, whatever it is, that
piece of turd. Plea for help in Maryland shootings. Five shots in Washington. Boy, they're going
on about this on CNN because I guess there's nothing else they're setting going on
today except the fact that Hans blitz is, oh, we'll wait. We'll wait. Police hunted a very
calculating killer or killers yesterday and they're still hunting who shot to death three
men and two women and what they believe were random incidents all outside over 15 hours
in the affluent Washington, summer of Montgomery County. Officials reached out to the public
for help and offered a reward. If you have any information on you might be helpful call
the idea, you don't want that number. Said Montgomery County executive director Doug
Riz Duncan. We're also offering a reward of up to 50 grand for information leading to
the arrest and indictment of whoever's responsible for this. Montgomery County police chief Charles
Moose. Appealed to anyone who might have seen something out of the ordinary to notify
police. Please, please, we need people to talk to us. He said, let us piece it together.
This is not some lightning bolt from the sky. Somebody knows somebody saw it. The killings
brought a character for the area. He said nothing like this has ever happened in Montgomery
County to say very safe community or used to be a homicide rate just decreased by 25%
in one day. All public schools in Washington, DC and the Maryland suburb of Montgomery
and Prince George's County canceled after activities. We strongly believe all of these
are connected Moose told reporters. I wonder if he was kind to the late Pirates pitcher Bob
Moose. He said a statement was based on the weapon we used but did not elaborate. Moose
said the police believed the victims were randomly selected. These are simply victims
and we need to figure out a way to stop this. He said, most describe the killer or killers
is very calculating. Anticos out of describe all this and the list each one, but we already
know that anybody's been watching TV more than two minutes and less than 48 hours. But
we already know that. Yes, I would think so. I tell you that Yuck's dot com. It's going
to take me wild to recover from that. See the thing with James Rogan is and the pictures
on there on their website don't do him justice is that the peace starts so far back on his
head. It starts like in the middle of the head. You know what I mean? Yes. Like a bad
piece of head gear. Here's Paul Finley writes. So this is in the LA Times. Paul Finley
a Republican represented Illinois and House of Representatives from 1961 to 83. He was
a major author of the war powers resolution 1973 and he says don't give Bush war powers
is what Paul Finley says. He says my former colleagues in Congress are grappling with
President Bush's request for congressional authority to use all means necessary including
force against Iraq and to take action in order to deter and prevent acts of international
terrorism. It is unlikely that Congress will ever face a request of higher risk to the
well-being of the American people as well as the wall of humankind. In brief the President
asked Congress to support his decision to establish warmaking as a presidential policy
tool rather than instrument of last resort until now declaring more has been accepted
as the exclusive domain of Congress the people's branch of government. The president's new
security document shifts basic policy from deterrence to dominance of adversaries and
irrigates enormous new authority to the president. To fulfill the self-appointed duty to police
the world our government declares that it must maintain absolute military supremacy worldwide
and take all necessary action to assure that adversarial nations do not increase their
military power. In a notable bit of arrogance the plan even assumes US responsibility to
advise other nations starting with China on proper budget outlies for military purposes.
The plan relegates the United Nations and all their international institutions to supporting
rules if they take the lead that the United States directs fine if not they become irrelevant.
Is the attempted worldwide rule prudent for any nation even one is large militarily strong
and democratically basis the United States should the President abandoned this country's
longstanding principled opposition to preemptive acts of war. If we do strike in violation
of international law other states will reasonably conclude that such strikes are acceptable military
conduct in that case the world may sink to the law of the jungle. Even if Congress concludes
that preemptive acts of war can be justified other questions remain should advance congressional
approval be required in each case if so can Saddam Hussein regime interact be considered
a sufficient threat to US security to qualify for preemptive assault. Any resolution must
be drafted so carefully that it cannot be construed as an declaration of war which would
automatically convey dictatorial powers to the President. As a member of Congress in
1848 Abraham Lincoln said it wore making is the most oppressive of all kingly oppressions
and he also declared that the Constitution was constructed in such a way that no one man
should hold the power of bringing this oppression upon us. Congress must deny the President's
request for fast approval of a preemptive strike against Iraq the issues involved are
too monumental for a quick decision. But as an interim response Congress could enact
a concurrent resolution listing the circumstances in which the President may constitutionally
order active war to comply with a treaty obligation or to repel a military attack against
the territory of the United States its possessions military services engaged in peaceful maneuvers
or shipping to participate in humanitarian rescue operations or in response to a declaration
of war other authority approved by majority of the members of each house of the Congress.
Written by Paul Finley in the LA Times today.
And by the way speaking of war I'm referring war on the beast.
Okay.
Well no seriously what kind of crap is that?
I don't know maybe as an excuse maybe he's incapacitated or something.
He's incapacitated.
He's being held prisoner.
I understand the way fat people work being one of them myself.
I understand the way that our minds work and here's a guy that comes back after going on at crews.
Okay.
Now you know God damn well that he ate like a pig on that crews you know that for a fact.
Wouldn't you bet the Greg's life on it?
I don't know it for a fact but likely you bet a lot of cash on it.
Sure.
Somebody else's.
And the fact of the matter is that now that he doesn't show up today's and Rowan leaves his little black sack there means see this is really going to piss off Troy over there
at balance for life.
You do understand that doctor.
I know I didn't want to say it.
In fact it wouldn't surprise me if they put me in my opinion that I appreciate need every bit of every crack.
Right.
In fact Georgia probably take that home for the weekend because he's got you know starving family there with that I'm on a new little kid and all the
other stuff going on and his wife who can really eat up a storm.
So you know you put all of that together.
Then you've got this beast creature there that we're trying to save his life and he just refuses now he just bailed out on us.
Which I find totally unacceptable no wonder they can't is also is also off that morning show you know what I'm starting to think now maybe we're giving more like a bad rap.
The bad mole rap will probably be playing that next week.
1026 at 560 WQAM.
If you love your home but you desperately need some more space for your things what do you do what you do the smart thing like Georgia's doing hundreds of other people are doing you call our good close personal friends our palies at strictly additions.
Whether you have an a baby need another room maybe you're converting a carporder patio and living space maybe you're going into business for yourself want to make home office for Miss Cleal.
Call strictly additions.
There you're one stop shop more space for your place with an absolutely positively worry for your approach to expanding your living space.
Those no shows by the contractors you've heard about will happen in complete work no chance no one expected bills no worries about the job not getting done right and they take care of every single last detail.
They drop your blueprints they get to building permits have all the inspections strictly addition has gotten easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction.
First they call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment right in your home or a project estimator will determine the scope of your addition.
Secondly they schedule a bid appointment in their convenience or where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work.
Third select your finishing touches you go to contract.
Fourth review the design architectural drawings and once all of that's done number five sit back with a big fat smile on your ugly push and relax as your dream addition moves
head on schedule with unbeatable quality you can't beat him with a stick there's your ball of brow in South Palm Beach County check out their ad in the other pages if you like
or just call strictly additions at nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred that's nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred their license they're
ensured and they do spectacular work for you call that number today time that old Neil and PD Laney told you to call strictly additions nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred
nine five and local here sports radio five sixty two eight you a.m.
Were you fudge back in yes I am
am
Oh
changing
months
dare
There ain't no freaking babies, we'll stay in the straights of Hades, Bonsa Dom
Bons Bons Bonsa Dom
George W is getting out of you
He's having it in to it, so it's way over soon Bonsa Dom
Bons Bons Bonsa Dom
Bons Bons Bons
Oh, Lardom
So Dom is an A-hole
Let's turn him into Chalacol
Bonsa Dom
Bons Bonsa Dom
That's 33 at 560 W at QAM
So that beast thing man is staring at really green and sick
He's on his way in any way, he's sick
He's sick but he's coming in any way because he's a real trooper
He's a ripped him and he's sick
No, no, you wanna know why he's sick?
Because he went on that cruise with mommy and daddy
That's why he's sick
You're probably right
No, and I'm not probably right
All that unhealthy stuff
Just ask Dr. Nieloke
Who just performed a very delicate operation during the break that you're not even aware of
Okay
You know, I had a paper jam
Let me just give a little piece of advice to all the people in this audience
Okay, don't panic, okay?
No, seriously, a lot of times things happen
And just like our engineering department always looks down there
Knows that the rest of us like we're a bunch of morons
Well, it's pretty amazing how EPP I've been in this studio
Since way back on the 1st of March
And every single thing that's like, you know, little things that have gotten screwed up in here
I've been able to handle how do you like that?
We're impressed
And even when the engineer, when our Toronto engineer came in that one day
And got on the full with Corso and but I'm with the mini Bob
But I mean, but I remember all of that to try to get the phone thing unscrewed and turned out
Was then the firewall was on that end anyway
And then when we had to get that things straightened out
I sat in here on the full with mini Bob and in about 30 seconds there was
Got it back on, how do you like that?
Got it all straightened out
Good job
So anyway, we had like a paper jam in here but not like your ordinary
Like the paper came about halfway out, you know?
Right
And I pulled that sheet out and then I looked and I looked up the cover and put it back down
But it's still saying paper jam and I think, uh oh
And I look inside and sure enough there's a sheet stuck inside
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm
Like inside the guts of my fax machine
My very, very mediocre, that's pretty good actually
Makes a lot of noise but it's okay
What?
It's not as good as the one that's sitting there
Oh no, this one's a drain
Or the one that I'm sitting on
But at any rate, so I look into it and I see all I have to do is lift out the ink cartridge
The toner cartridge
Yeah
Where the paper is like, uh, because I see where it's going and I lifted, when it's out lifted out
I yanked it out of there in the paper too and we're rocking and rolling again
How do you like that, huh?
There's a little pad on my back and why not?
So the beast is sick but he's coming in
Well see, I have to embarrass him in with that so there's a method of my madness and it works
Come in and get your sack man and quit the making excuses
And if he's sick, that means he ought to do good on the scale, right?
Right?
Worked for me and Anxiety and boy that week I had the flu got all my day lost about 600 pounds in five minutes
That more like crazy, you can sweat and that and that too
So get his ass in there and arrest him too and let's get him going here
Let's not let him slip off and like I said, you don't need any guide damn food
You're not on some diet
No seriously, I could do without it but I really really love it and appreciate it
I don't care
Okay
I want Troy over there at Balance for Life
Let's take care of the beast, let's save this one man
If we can make him into a human being, I'm trying to, that's going to shock the world
That'll be more impressive than anything
So somebody faxes me a long article here by somebody by John Murphy
This is on salon.com, the bald facts and informal survey of two paste transplants, weaves and dye jobs are reels that 10 to 22% of the recenters are engaged in a cover up
Well, I'm not, it's a very long piece, so to speak
But he says, Senators Joe Biden, Democratic Delaware and Strom Thurman, Republic of South Carolina are the transplant leaders
Thurman who was born in 1902 was at 97, probably in 10 to keep all the plugs and brown here in cosmetic surgery as heart desires
Just keep him away from foreign policy
William Roth, Republican and Delaware has, oh, yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh, it must be the most egregious wig in the Senate
But you have to give him credit for at least going with gray and keeping with the 78 years
Have you ever seen him, William Roth?
No
It's like one of those that's like sitting on the head, you know
Like don't lean your head too far to the right or the left
Senator Bob Smith, that big tub of crap from New Hampshire with his rugged movie star looks
Well, it kind of looks like Wallace Beary, it says, has the second worst to pay although Senator Daniel Akaka, Democratic Hawaii looks like his is one that covers the most territory
Senator Akaka, his piece looks like Akaka, Senator Akaka from Hawaii
Oh, this is a good story you're going to like, which I bet you didn't even know about
Well, or maybe it did
Couple of cops, populating in Cathedral Rune, a sexathon prosecutor say, did you know that?
No, I did not
From news day, maybe they were also trying for the Guinness Book of World Records
It says, the couple arrested in August, allegedly having sex in St. Patis Cathedral for a raunchy radio show
Also did the deed in a half-dozed other public places that afternoon including the F-A-O Schwartz Toy Store
And the sidewalk in front of the Carnegie deli set a super-sourced familiar with the case
In court papers yesterday prosecutors claimed Loretta Lynn Harper 35 and Brian Florence 37, both in Virginia, engaged in sex act
That several public Manhattan locations for a total of three hours before ending up in the Cathedral
I guess practice makes perfect
Although the papers do not list the locations the surced decides for a taxi, a bank vestibule, a hotel, and the Cinderella section of a Disney store
In addition to F-A-O Schwartz and the Carnegie deli
Florence and Harper were arrested on August 15 on charges of public movements after allegedly having sex in the Cathedral as part of the Opian Ante radio show
A stunt that offended Catholics and others and led to the discontinuation of the program they got their asses canned
Also charged in the stunt was comedian Palmer Currier 40 of Manhattan, an employee of any WFM who allegedly led the couple from location to location and provided a running commentary
Court papers say Maccurrier will possess the list of sites that stated the point values for each the churches were 25 points, Rockefeller Center 30 points, and described the sex acts on the year
The radio show was holding a contest whereby couples engaged in sex in Manhattan for the chance to win a trip to Boston, a tour of a brewing house and a chance to attend a party with Opie and Anthony
Speaking by phone later Carnegie deli owner Sandy Levine recalled his workers called him outside that August day and the privates were to be seen
Levine said he didn't mind much but he wasn't trying to name any sandwiches after the couple either, in other words he's not changing the names of his meat
Employees at Disney store said they know nothing of the alleged incident while spokesman for F-A-O Schwartz didn't sound quite as accepting
We won't confirm or deny it said the spokesman Alan Marcus. I have no comment the story isn't over the amorous couple in their alleged moderator were in court again Wednesday in their due back November 13
So how come we didn't hear about that until now?
Don't know
Because evidently the other people and even the one place did they weren't all our Senate about it
But they were all bent out of shape like the church people were
Right
Because one thing we owe there's no hanky panky going on in the church baby
It's not a lot. I know that bull crap going on in the church make no mistake about that when it doubt don't whip it out
My life and loco this is 4.256
You weigh a few weigh
Bush, bruh, bruh, bruh, bruh, bruh
I was killed by my daddy
Who wants to find my dad?
Knock me off
I was a snitch out queen
It's not a media of mystery
My month's the one who knows
We beat the end, beat the end, beat the rapper out
And dash my head as you know
He's up the end, oh, so slow, come on out
So they're gonna let him go
My dad likes me all
He needs to be together
Tell me someone who did it
You'll never hear him have any
Knock my daddy not be all
Knock my daddy not be all
I'll tell you what he wants to see it in and see their website in his batters, the heroes, the update stuff whenever they feel like it
I guess I'm gonna have to tear up this story White House to Blix don't take no out no for an answer
Because they just had on there like 20 minutes ago that thing about the while they decided the inspectors are gonna like put it on hold
You know they're holding it before they go back in there
They want to make sure they get it right
Anyway, speaking of John Bane
John Bane Ramsey police tape to wear more than a year after the murder of John Bane Ramsey
Investigators suggested to her mother that physical evidence link to their herd of the slang according to a video tape police interview
More than a year after the murder and investigators suggested to her mother that physical evidence link to her to the slang
The interview to be shown on CBS 48 hours tonight
Is youth in a segment called searching for a killer
It wasn't clear who made the video available to the network, bolder police and says they didn't do it
During the June 1998 interrogation detective said if I told you right now that we have trace evidence that appears to link you to the death of John Bane
What would you tell me?
Pancy Ramsey replied that's totally impossible go retest the detective respond to how is it impossible? Ramsey replied I didn't do it
CBS will show another video that includes bolder police chief Mark Beckner confirming in a November 2001 deposition that detectives regarded Pancy and her husband John as suspects in the death of a 60 year old of the little girl
Beckner declined to come on in his deposition except setting an excerpt citing confidentiality order
Beckner said his office gave the Ramsey's copies of each video tape interview, he said his department did not give copies of the tips to CBS and refused to speculate how that network required him
115 votes, 215 on our poll so far today?
Who would you prefer to have as leader of the free world right now?
Bill Clinton 115, 53.5 percent
George W. Bush 42, Tony Blair 38, and Al Sharpton 20
Speaking of that, a majority of Hispanic voters identified themselves as Democrats as the Washington Post, but they show significant ambivalence toward the party suggesting a growing electorate that may be up for grabs according to a survey released yesterday
Although 49 percent of Hispanic voters surveyed identified themselves as Democrats, 1.5 is Republicans and another 5 is Independence, the Democratic advantage disappeared when those surveyed were actually more competent and Democrats in Congress or President Bush
43 percent favored Democrats and 42 percent chose the President according to a national survey by the Pew Hispanic Center and the Kaiser Family Foundation
Were you familiar that there was a Pew Hispanic Center?
Nope
Republicans, Puerto Ricans, Mexicans, beeners, Dominicans and South and Central Americans, those foreign-born and those native-born have political views that defy easy categorization said Robert Suro, director of the Pew Hispanic Center
With the Latino population, it's very hard to pigeonhole Suro, said, Cornhole, yes, pigeonhole, no
Latino Democrats are very different than traditional white Democrats and Latino Republicans are different from the traditional Republican, there's not a clean and easy fit, he said
Unless, of course, it's at the T-room of JC Penney's and Westland
Hispanic voters have more confidence in Democrats than Republicans when it comes to the economy by margin of 53 to 27 percent but for intense, say there's no difference between the major political parties
Well, now we're getting warm, okay, not much difference, it's just that one isn't as dangerous as the other one, I think that's basically what it boils down to
Well, you know, see what this doesn't do though, it doesn't separate because I could waste your time and go through this whole thing, but it doesn't separate like the Cubans from the Puerto Ricans and the other
Phoenix are more diverse even than Anglos
They're more perverse even than Anglos, but there's no question about that, especially at Westland, there's a lot of perversity going on there
If you want to go and have a good time this weekend doing the limbo rock, take your power drill and just build a few extra glory holes if there's still some room left
You can like put your initials underneath it, okay? Just be sure where rubber gloves be a real good idea
Pakistan test nuclear capable missile
Pakistan has successfully test-garde and indigenously developed medium-range surface-to-surface ballistic missile after warning neighboring India in advance of the exercise
The test conducted this morning came as more than a million Indian and Pakistani troops remained locked in a 10 standoff along their shared border that's lasted almost 10 months
The missile named is the Hattif 4 or Shaheen is believed to have arranged a 610 kilometers, 380 miles, and is capable of carrying both conventional and nuclear warheads
Prior notification of the test had been given to neighbors as well as some friendly countries, the Inter-Services Public Relations Directorate said in the press release
A Pakistani military official quoted by the AP described the test as routine
It's unclear why Pakistan chose to test fry the missile today less than a week before Pakistan holds elections October 10th and during the final phase of voting in Indian controlled Kashmir
The test also followed the visit by Christina Raqq, a US assistant secretary for South Asia who left the region Thursday after attempting lower tensions between Indian Pakistan over the disputed territory Kashmir
For its part, India's dismissed the Pakistan, he tested a publicity stuff ahead of next week's voting
As we've said before, we're not especially impressed with those missile antics of Pakistan, external affairs minister, spokeswoman Nirompama Rao told reporters
How you doing Nirompama? As his well-known Pakistani missiles are based on clandestinely imported materials, equipment and technology she said, unlike ours which are made of good stuff
It's really great, isn't it?
Oh boy, yeah, speaking of crazy people, prosecutors are pissed off and fired up about the Eskakel movie
Prosecutors who want a murder conviction against Kennedy Cousin Michael Schakeler upset about a planned movie which they say gives undue credit to Mark Furman, the former Los Angeles police detective who wrote a book about the case
Furman known for his role in the OJ Simpson murder trial wrote murder in Greenwich, the only book on the case to lead Schakel murdered Martha Moxley in 1975
Schakel, a nephew of Ethel Kennedy was convicted as we all know in June of beating Mark Furman with a golf club when there were 15-year-old neighbors in wealthy granites
Now 42, he was sentenced to 20 years in life in five years to life in prison. I wonder if he used the same golf club that Mo was using in that one bit
Remember that go to one of them 20 years in eyes?
Putter
Furman's book is being made into a two-hour movie to where in November 15th on USA Network
Christopher Maloney who stars an NBC series law and order SUV you and HBO's eyes plays Furman. See there's that eyes again
Prosecutor Jonathan Benedict says a draft of the script wrongly suggests Furman's book, Prompens Kakel's Prosecution
It implies that he was, if not responsible, certainly greatly influential in the decision to bring about a prosecution Benedict said
They just don't like him, you know?
No, they don't
Because he wants to use that in word
I bet you use that S word once too, you know what that is?
What's that?
Speak?
Probably fair.
That assertion is the meaning to the entire division of criminal justice in Connecticut
But oh, it's by the way speaking of Connecticut. Now I sure hope that the beast isn't too sick. Is that a home game?
That the U.M. Basser game this way? I mean UConn game?
We don't know.
How would we?
I don't know, maybe Carlos might know.
No, I'd all be watching it on TV, but that's about it.
You'll be watching it on TV?
The U.M. against another girl school against Basser? I mean, UConn?
I'll skip through it.
Get out of here.
That assertion is the meaning to the entire division of criminal justice in Connecticut, but it's totally AP.
The train was out of the station and weighed down the tracks before that book ever came out. He said,
This is a guy who was trying to jump on a train that already left the station.
The script-outs, Connecticut authorities convened a grand jury to investigate the murder of a month after Furman's book was published in May of 98.
Benedict said he decided to seek a grand jury investigation in January of 98 when he took over the case,
but authorities were awaiting results of forensic tests.
Furman, the addict, who found the bloody glove in the Simpson case, pleaded no contest to perjury after being accused during that trial of lying about his use of racial slurs,
including Nigger and Spick and Kite and Machi Bastard and Wap, etc.
He said it was not claiming sole credit for Skakeholt's prosecution and crowd, but on Nick, but uncovered evidence in the case,
including a book proposal by Skakeh and Mouli that was a key part of the trial.
I think it certainly put the person on Connecticut to do something Furman said,
Benedict strongly disagreed saying authorities already had the book proposal.
Every piece of information he had, we had months in advance of the book coming up,
Benedict said he tried to take credit for things he simply did not do.
So there's a big contrast to that.
Did he do it today? Have something to do with or not, okay?
And Gook.
Bigs think and deal.
Gook.
Wait.
See, you're always picking on those poor Chinese people.
But you know it's on the other side of the way.
And that guy was Korean yesterday at the UN, the guy with the gun that was having a talk about.
What I'm talking about, the Koreans are Gook.
Korean guy.
Oh, I see.
Chinese people are our friends.
Koreans are Gook's.
How do you know we don't have a couple of Koreans listening to the show out there right now?
I'll take a Korean over a chunk any day.
Is that South Korean?
We are, of course, of course.
This is in, what is this in?
This is in time October 7th, the new issue of Time Magazine.
In fact, there are a couple of interesting things on here.
The lessons of empire by Michael Elliott as Bush considers colonial colonizing your back.
You got to look at the last attempt.
I'll save that though for a couple of minutes.
This one, General Karl Rove reporting for duty.
Karl Rove spent last week where he usually does out of the limelight.
But that didn't stop Democrats from seeing Rove everywhere.
His invisible hand guiding all that the White House has done to prepare the U.S. for war.
For months, Democrats have suspected that Rove, president Bush's chief strategist,
was manipulating the war on terror to Republican's political advantage.
In August, when Democratic operative Jim Jordan was asked how war might affect the November elections,
he replied, costically, you mean when General Rove calls in the air strikes in October?
And when Majority Leader Tom Dashler ruptured on the Senate floor last week,
accusing the Bush White House of politicizing the national security debate,
he fingered Rove as a principal culprit.
Over dinner in a Washington steakhouse,
Rove laughed off suggestions that he had manufactured the evacuated ever-attention
from the Sagan economy.
It's ridiculous, he told time.
That's not me and you know it.
But that's the thing about Rove.
Few people know exactly where or whether the perception of his clout diverges from reality.
There is no doubt that Rove ranks among the most influential staff members
ever to advise a president.
He is so paripatetic, his political impolice,
and for his so Catholic, that's what the small sea,
that it's tempting for Democrats and Republicans like to assume there are no limits to Rove's power, even if there are.
Rove has the habit of fueling speculation that the White House is wagging the dog.
In January, he suggested that the war on terror created a political advantage
because Americans trust the Republican Party to do a better job of protecting and strengthening
America's military might and thereby protecting America.
In June, a misplaced discat containing one of Rove's presentations
included advice to candidates to focus on the war in the election campaigns.
When friends ask whether Bush really plans to invade Iraq, Rove has been known to reply,
let me put it to you this way.
If you want to see Baghdad, you'd better visit soon.
But the image of general Rove drawing up war plans exists mostly in the imagination of Democrats
who fear and loathe the man, inside his swear that vice president Cheney
defends Secretary Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Powell wouldn't stand for interference
from a political operative.
Superhawks Cheney and Rumsfeld didn't need Rove to tell him to target Sodom
and Powell has warned the White House that he doesn't expect to receive
and won't accept phone calls from Rove.
Then there's the president who likes to keep his exuberant aid in check
by tightly reminding him whose boss says.
He says, and, Gillespie, a Republican strategist who worked with Rove on the Bush campaign,
if Carl said we should invade Iraq to help us in November elections,
he would have found himself sitting on his ass on Pennsylvania Avenue
because the president would have thrown him out of the Oval Office.
Still, Rove knows an opportunity when he sees one.
In private, Republicans can see that Bush's focus on Iraq has vastly improved their chances in November
and bless Rove for his efforts.
More than a few Republican candidates taking their cue from Bush's political guru
are beating the war drums in their speeches and insinuating that their democratic opponents
are soft on defense.
But other sphere this kind of talk has gone too far and could backfire.
There are some high-level people in the White House, Carl Rove being the main driver
who are using this for politics as a Republican senator whose message to his colleagues is
don't be baited, don't let Rove hook you.
The Rove insists he doesn't play a foreign policy role.
He fought an internal battle, after with Bush's economic and foreign policy advisors,
over steel tariffs.
Rove was for imposing the duties favored by steel companies and unions in midwestern swing states,
anyone.
It was Rove who in July warned Republican lawmakers who wanted to lift the trade embargo on Cuba
that the White House would never go along.
Bush's position was based on policy, not politics.
Rove promised but the congressmen didn't buy it.
The Cuban-American lobbyist Keeta Bush is hoping to win in Florida in 2004,
not to mention his brother's tougher election bid in November to be the state's governor.
Since anti-embargo Republican Jeff Flake of Arizona, everyone recognizes
there is a political element to this.
And almost everything else Rove has involved in, Rove has already drawn a plans for the 2004
re-election campaign, White House sources have told time, Ken Melman, his deputy,
will leave the White House to be the official campaign manager.
I wonder if he's keen to bud Melman.
But Rove will run things from inside following the example of James Baker,
who managed Ronald Reagan's 1984 re-election effort as White House chief of staff,
like Baker's as a senior White House official, Rove wants to be as much about policy as politics.
How do you like that, huh?
Guess what?
What?
We have a special guest.
The beast, right?
And?
Yeah.
He's so sick.
Well, I didn't want to, I didn't want, so why didn't you just call and say that?
He did.
And he wanted his food.
And he wanted his food.
You wanted his food?
Well, so what you been eating the last two days?
Chicken soup?
Good.
So we hop on at scales, even on the scale yet?
I did.
I have bad news.
What?
I gained two pounds.
Well, you sound like crap.
How are you going to do the ball game tomorrow?
I have no, and plus I'm doing the pre-game show, and the post-game show,
because John's home game, I hope.
It is a home game.
Oh, thank God for that.
Vassar, who they're playing?
You can.
Like I said, Vassar.
And maybe the second I think they could play Temple again sounds good to me.
The Jewish boys.
I think that Carl Rove is a roving maniac.
So you gained two pounds back, but that's, don't blame balance for life for that.
He went off of the thing.
He went on that cruise, definitely.
And I'm going to tell you something.
There's a special place in hell.
I don't want to cruise to your parents.
I'm sure they're nice people, or maybe they're not.
But there's a special place in hell for people like, you know, kill young people like you with food.
I'm trying to get a ride.
And look all sixes for trade-o-five-sixties.
Way too late.
Way too late.
Try the, you bastard.
I'm going to tell you something.
I'm going to tell you something.
Check out Howard Friendin Lawyer and the Purple Hair Kim.
Bobby Trendy, her Sunday in your sugar pie.
You know him.
Critics say it's cables worse.
Get it's number one rank.
That's don't bother.
And a nun she's laughing all the way to the bank.
Yes indeed.
Baby she's got ratings that dazzle.
So just save your Sunday night for Hannah on the E Channel.
She got bigger hunts than an Arabian.
And camels are just a savior Sunday night for Hannah on the E Channel.
Love the bloodhound gang.
I'll turn to that right now.
Whatever happened to them.
I'll tell you what happened.
I'll tell you what happened.
No, they got something new.
But you see it in Europe when I was in the end.
Oh, oh.
And in the summer I saw their new video.
Huh?
You just don't see it here.
I should say you don't see it there.
Because they don't show any videos there.
Plus, where would you hear their music in South Florida?
What station?
My car.
250 some odd votes if this thing ever changes again.
254.
Who would you prefer to see as leader of the free world?
They built Clinton 142.
George W. 49.
Tony Blair 43.
Al Sharpton stuck on 20.
Good.
Here's that.
And so is the beast.
Okay.
He sounds terrible.
I mean, he's good.
He sounds and looks terrible.
Let's see. That's good that he came in.
I mean, particularly terrible.
You follow what I'm saying?
Yes.
Because if he wouldn't come in, we just said, oh, yeah.
Sure.
He's a very likely story.
He's sick and he's making excuses.
And he's going off the wagon, et cetera, and so on.
But his parents are giving him the whammy.
Okay.
Stay away from your parents, beast.
Okay.
Just take their money.
Just tomsend me a check.
This cruise business that made him sick
and it made him gain back two pounds.
We hadn't had one way in with him where he hadn't lost at least a pound.
Am I right about that?
If my math is right, he had lost what was it?
55 pounds?
Is that what I'm talking about?
55 pounds.
That's right.
It's an honest 53.
Which is still pretty good, you know, when he started 284.
But he's got a long way to go.
He's about two feet tall.
You got to understand.
He's a human-voling ball.
He's a good thing he didn't have three holes in him.
Or he might, you might wind up heading down the old alley.
But that'll show you.
Stay off those cruise ships.
Stay away from your parents.
Stay away from people who want you to see.
I don't understand that.
You think that his parents would be happy as losing the way we're keeping him alive.
Maybe his parents want to get rid of him.
Huh?
Aren't they Jewish parents?
Aren't they compelled to feed their children to self?
Oh, that's right.
I forgot about that.
Yeah, yeah.
This deal on his dad's head.
It's the push with one hand and pull away from the other so they can say,
oh, you're so fat and an S-S-E-D.
Yeah, that's the old Jewish thing, you know.
Not seriously.
Oh, you're so fat.
Here, eat some of this.
That's why my friends died.
Because he was Jewish.
Because of his mom.
Look for the QA in Van from 11.
I want a TK performance center.
Right now, as a matter of fact, good that you're doing this now.
Thank you.
You're welcome, Miguel.
Even if you do live in Dave County, Puts.
Located at the Home Depot shopping center corner,
Red Road in the Palmeiro, Miami Lake.
Stop by to play the mediocre Budweiser Super Prize machine.
But you'll see the lovely Miguel.
Okay, maybe give him like a little tickle on the chin.
See what happens.
Join Joe Kostello 3-5 at Publicst at 1395,
Southeast 17th Street in Fort Lauderdale for the Mike's Heart Lemonade NASCAR giveaway.
But that's for real men.
You know what?
Mike's Heart Lemonade NASCAR.
You put that together and you got real men.
Stop by to win prizes, register, win two tickets to the homestead Speedway Race in November.
And then tomorrow, they really big appearance of the weekend.
These are just kind of like teasers, you know?
The big appearance of the weekend in March, Georgia will be a Jared Jewelers.
Why?
At 13.
At 16.30 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale 1-3.
He never heard of them.
But when he walks in, he'll say, hey, look at that.
Who's that?
No, they'll say.
How the hell are you?
Stop by to win prizes, register, win three for two to see the dolphins,
pound the crap out of the jets in New York.
That's tomorrow from 1-3 at Jared Jewelers in Fort Lauderdale.
So we got a heavy duty weekend of all kinds of good stuff coming out.
And speaking of the weekend, here's that story about beer more helpful than a helpful and wine,
which you didn't believe me.
For years, brewers have been trying to match claims that red wine can prevent heart attacks.
Now, there's research showing that moderate consumption of beer,
one long neck a day for women and two for men is even better than wine.
One long neck?
That's what it says here in the Fort Worth Start Telegram.
What about a wide mouth?
How about a big rectum?
Nothing would make the industry happier and in June National Group of Beer Whole Sellers,
presented professors from Harvard and the University of Texas, Southwestern,
to journalists to publicize the favorable studies.
Exposure in the Wall Street Euronell and on CNN, NBC's Today Show and CBS News,
the early show, followed throughout the summer.
The research is stressed that going beyond moderation even slightly causes the benefits to start decreasing
and triggers the host of other problems.
No one should condone binge drinking and if you have liver problems, you shouldn't drink at all.
Cautions Dr. Norman Kaplan, a hypertension specialist in Dallas,
who teaches at UT Southwestern.
Kaplan has been reviewing the medical literature on the subject for years and since that a little bit of alcohol
and beer specifically is a good way to be healthy.
Why less for women? They get a bigger kick out of alcohol. He says, just ask George.
Yeah?
And two servings is the upper limit for a man.
A serving is 12 ounces of beer, a four ounce glass of wine, or one and a half ounces of 80 proof to still liquor.
Or that doesn't matter.
That even don't get you to the Atalegate Party, much less so through the game.
12 ounces of beer?
Nothing.
Kaplan who enjoys both beer and wine himself in moderation says nobody assigned to be determined
just what makes beer somewhat superior to wine could be the malt, could be the barley, could be the folates.
A vitamin that's known to provide protection against...
Ah! Here we go! Dr. McColley Kilmer-Calkin Schmendrick.
Your buddy.
Could be the folates, a vitamin that's known to provide protection against homocysteine, a protein that's been associated with more heart attacks.
See, instead of drinking beer, just take folic acid, that high folic complex like I do.
Yeah.
And get your homolivle down to about seven like minus, seven point two, I believe, which is a real good number.
Or you can just drink a bunch of beer.
See, one thing about those capsules I take, it won't make any fat or new already are.
But drinking at beer...
There was evidence for the past 30 years that beer was beneficial, but none convinced him more than a study by Kaiser Permanente published in 1999,
issued the American Journal of Cardiology.
It showed that moderate beer drinkers had fewer heart attacks than people who drank equivalent amounts of wine or whiskey, he said.
Unlike other research, it seemed about Beloligosi knew something, that's why he never drank the wine.
Unlike, what's his name?
Alchemychtel?
Unlike other research, it more carefully meant study participants, so it wouldn't be skewed by heavy smoking beer-binge drinkers and wine drinkers to exercise more regularly and went to the doctor more often.
So a little bit of air, like two long necks, for a man, one for your women out there.
That's before you get in the car on a way to the game, and then like 50 or 60 in the parking lot during the tailgate, which starts about eight, eight, nine in the morning.
And then when a kickoff is at one o'clock by that time, what differences do they make?
And then on your drive home.
Oh, you know, I remember one time, several years ago, when the panthers were still playing in Miami, at the Miami arena.
And one night some assholes were having a pickup or a van or something, just about wipe me out.
Whatever the hell is it, flag your street?
No, it's not flag your street. One of the side streets that are going back to 95.
Just about wipe me out.
And then all of a sudden the window was, I'm sorry, Neil.
It was one of our listeners just struck off his ass, man. Just struck as a skunk.
I'm sorry, I'm up in panthers.
Giving new meaning to the word coverage, a pencil vain numeric is introduced to build a require insurance companies to pay for hair pieces in certain cases.
State representative Anthony Delucas is to pay should be covered by insurance if hair loss is caused by a medical condition.
Delucas build notes to pay their off and prescribe her can see as opposed to like in most cases, just old age.
Delucas build notes to pay their off and prescribe her cancer pay.
And you know something before I go into that, you know, it's not that important.
He was talking about his grandchildren today, my friend, Mo.
Yeah.
Now let me ask you how old you think you'd be before you'd have grandchildren?
Well, it depends on what kind of a family you got.
Like in the sound.
I mean, like if your grandchildren are 30, for example, in this time, I don't have any idea. No, seriously.
And the self could have the grandchildren when you're 35.
Yeah, possible. Yeah.
Yeah. But I'm talking about in all likelihood, you know, if you're 50 and let's say you had a kid when you were 25, OK, so the kid is 25.
Yeah, it's very conceivable, right? Sure.
But if the grandchildren are like 20, yeah, if again, grandchildren are like 35.
Well, I don't know. We're working on that. We're going to get that birthday. Come hell or high water.
June 3rd Carlos is working on that. By the way, he's researching this.
And then of course, we also have to find out if that's his real name. I never trusted Jews with two first names.
Like Ted David, Howard David, Logan David. I never, I never buy that. You know, I knew how I feel about phony names on the radio.
278 votes on a poll. Who would you like to see who prefer to I can't even read this. Who would you prefer to have his leader of the free world 279 votes built,
Clinton on 154 55% towards W bush 54 55% to 90. You know something I'd like to see that is the next election. Right now this November, let's have another presidential election.
Let's forget about the election and all the other ones unless you just have another presidential election before it's too late before they call them all off in the future.
See, I think that's what they like to do. This band, a gang robbers of election Steelers of electoral manipulators.
I would love to see another election pronto right now and emergency election for president Clinton against bush.
We'll just this one time will wave that restriction in the Constitution that amendment that says he can't be present more than two terms.
We'll just wave that right now. Get surgically altered changes, name it, come back as somebody else. He could be Hillary.
No, don't you understand he could be Hillary, but still him. He could be Hillary in his body. Himmere. It is kind of like in fact, maybe he could take her heart.
No, that's not because you got a heart. Oh, that's forgot about that. I'm thinking of guiding light. You know, Rick Fowler took Richard's Prince Richard's heart and I'll pour Riva cheese shrieking and screaming and carrying on there
in front of the judge. I'm guilty from my ass. Yeah, but that's always there. We didn't get carried away. They're desperate. We're just desperate. In fact, that's why they had been running around his underwear. Let's see that again.
12 minutes after 11. Don't forget Tom Brady and Jay Fieler. It's the big showdown this weekend at the P.P. Park.
Any predictions on the final score in our Carlos is a big dolphin fan. He's probably like on the edge of a seat about this. Yeah.
Any prediction on the final score? It's going to be close. It's probably going to be a shootout. 3735.
Well, we'll take it. Pay attention. We'll take that on the last minute field goal by Adam Veneteri. All right. 64 yards. Brick and Tom.
Densy's record or a little in the. Hey, by the way, Jill Castella went to school with Olanda.
Yes, I did. He was in the same class. He said Olanda was hung like a butterfly. That's what he said. He said he said the tiniest penis he's ever seen in my in his life in my life.
12 minutes after 11. Ever. You got a small penis or a big penis. Your back is very important to you. It can't like hold it up in order to say and do things with it.
And if your back isn't feeling that probably part of the reason for that or maybe all of the reason is you're just not getting you a good comfortable night sleep night after night.
And that's the signal. That's the message that your old mattress has had it time to get you a great new mattress the smart way from dial a mattress called one 800 mattress and get the ultimate freedom of choice in brand names when you do business with these people.
The best in the world. That's a mock brand that nobody ever heard of before. Sir, C. Lee Simmons and King Coral and whatever you do, don't rip that little tag off there. You'll go to jail.
No store can master selection of their simply low prices and because dial a mattress has the deepest selection of great brand name mattresses.
There's no bait and swish exactly the one you order is the one you get and you get it in no time at all. You know how it works. You get that the great delivery deal you pick today any day seven days a week when you're going to be home in the to our window.
This is almost unheard of because most times you're waiting for something to be delivered. You know how works you sit around waiting all day they'll say all between noon and six or between nine in the morning and four and a half noon and you wait and sometimes they don't even show up.
The hour of the day will be there they'll take away the crappy old vetting set up the brand new and they give you a 30 day home comfort trial and test it out the real way by sleeping on it make sure it's the right one for you.
Call them right now believe me. You'll thank me for calling dial a mattress one 800 mattress that's one 800 MATTR ES or check them out on the web at macrush.com.
Find a local. This is five six. The radio's all yours. You and I can't baby.
What a hell of my always getting raped by men. You have a nice back. I'm sure but I'll never get raped by broad.
Women don't wait man. And it's too bad. There is such a thing as an attractive man. You know.
What are you know you're crumb when you're some kind of fairy. Why don't you go pay another monkey for your can grind it down a hole.
I'm not a queer. What do you know about being queer you moron. I'd been right there nothing on a different.
Sorry mo dad. Now see here we're supposed to be talking about sports here not about good looking men just men in general and nothing else.
This is sports radio over here. We love men. But I guess the city have a bird. But just the other night I saw this commercial on overnight TV when this guy was growing out at the ocean.
See this island filled with skippers that are brought. They looked okay. But this guy in the commercial I would say in an objective sort of way.
He was pretty cute.
You're laughing. You laughing. Did I give you clearies to laugh with this for a script to eat mo.
And the guy was growing on the island you thought he was cute. Yeah that's right. Are you asked me to be objective.
I agree. And you still make fun of me. You want to get fired again. That guy there had pinchable towels.
I told you we told God damn funny. That was George.
That was George.
You know, can grind those monkeys.
You know, maybe I haven't loved with that mango much in a sec.
He certainly does make a big lemon nose glow like a neon rainbow.
One thing you might have must have been just a reaction on suppress the truth about a bee.
But I can't prevent but he know how much I want to make his friends.
Get out of the hole you're all nuts. You're all. Hey, I can't move.
Look at the bulging your pants, smell.
Oh no. It's like move the wrong way out.
Hey everybody, moment this pants.
The bouillon grub.
And I think I'm allergic to mangoes by the way.
I'm allergic to mango tree bark. There's a mold and it only grows on those.
1118 at 560 W.M. Happy Friday to you. We got the mad dog at one who's going to be all whipped up about that big game.
It's the game of the season so far on Sunday. No mistake about that.
The hump will be along three to seven. We got hankin' because it's Friday already again.
You got the day wants that. So 530 to 630.
It's part of that whole business. And then look what we got tonight.
Oh brother. 7 to 10 o'clock. It's the Hooters Collins football preview with Don Bailey Jr.
And of course the anxious.
The terminally and then any K after that at 10 o'clock and overnight ESPN radio because the dirty boys don't work on Friday night.
Let's just say they don't work Friday night because Joe's got to get up early tomorrow morning to do his NASCAR show.
Okay. The good excuse that we said.
Sure. Makes sense.
Charges may be filed against radio station employee for stonk.
I just yanked this off the Fax machine that you just faxed me.
A radio station employee may face criminal charges for allegedly soliciting a 17 year old boy to walk naked in public so we could win concert tickets.
Authorities are trying to determine whether chargers would be filed against the teen or anyone at radio station.
KPWRFM and Los Angeles with conspiracy and soliciting a person to engage in a lute act in public.
The teen was arrested to the unsuspression of intentional and public exposure of one's private parts.
Police officer Jack Richter said the boy's name was not released because of his age.
These stunts should be a matter of common sense and responsibility by the participants and the station itself Richter said in this case however the behavior was not only audacious but ill-eagle.
Police said the youth was encouraged by Joe Grande, a state reporter for Burbank station morning radio personality.
The big boy Grande is known for getting people to perform what the station calls a dare of the day.
Police said Grande was in the San Fernando Valley when he asked people to do something crazy to win tickets to a concert by the band P3.
Well at the location Grande announced on live air that he wanted somebody to move all their clothing and walked to all four corners of the intersection naked Richter said the teen neutral station workers he was 18 offered to perform the stunt police said.
Police said they got complaints of manic exposing himself to a school bus and the families driving to school.
Station officials could not be reached for comment immediately.
How do you like that?
When you think that these guys would learn but that's how desperate they are folks to try to get an audience desperate desperate.
Kind of like that pay phone challenge thing you know.
Yes you're miss that.
Yeah.
Drive home with us today.
And you know what we should really play this in light of that story you read earlier.
Play what?
Here is good for you.
Let's not we don't have it.
Oh good but we do have I like Chinese.
Yeah I got the money Python thing right here.
Oh that's right.
Let's do that honor Rick and suds okay and the legions of people out there who are missing them better sure hope it's on this money Python because I'm not going to.
Haven't played any decent a long time you know what?
Maybe we can get money Python singing beer is good for you.
I like I bet you it's not even honest this.
I like Chinese.
Huh?
I liked it.
That was kind of cute.
Anyway this isn't too cute it's a pretty good article oh by Michael Elliott the lessons of empire it's in this week's time magazine or you're not going to be where articles from time magazine are you?
Yes.
He says his bush considers colonizing your rack you ought to look at the last attempt.
The photograph below I wish you could see the photograph below all these sluppers man looks like something on the stone age.
Sheik Mahmoud with his men let revolts against British rule in Iraq you ought to see this band of Murray men.
The photograph below of a first looking group of men quailing antique machine guns comes from an old album in my home it dates from about 1930 in its caption reads sheik Mahmoud of Kurdistan surrendered to political officer Victor Holt V.C. accompanied by F.O.M.O.
Sheik Mahmoud was Mahmoud Barzani.
Cheafed him to the famous Kurdish clan who let a series of revolts against British rule in Iraq after WW1 F.O.M.O. was royal air force flight officer Max Oxford my late father-in-law.
Max had splitted adventures in the service of the British Empire everywhere from Central Africa to the South China Sea but he always had war memories of his years in Iraq though this may be because he learned the noble sport of pig sticking there we got pictures of that too.
I suspect however that his affection for Iraq was a rarity Britain's attempt to rule there was a disaster.
At a time when broad-chested conservative believers in American power and dewey eyed Wilsonian internationalist counter played a new imperial adventure in Iraq it's worth recalling what happened last time.
In the carve-up of the Ottoman Empire at the end of WW1 London thought that the best way to secure routes to India the Jule and imperial crown was to dominate Mesopotamia.
To that end the treaty closer the war cobbled together Iraq from three Ottoman provinces one Kurdish one Sunni Muslim and the other Shiite Muslim.
The British moved in under a League of Nations mandate they didn't have a clue.
In 1920 a full scale revolt broke out by one account Britain lost 450 in the rebellion other sources put the figure higher.
Very quickly the British public wary of endless war and shocked by reports that the RAF routinely bombed women and children in Kurdish villages turned against the intervention in Iraq.
By the time the British slunk home in the 30s Iraq's brush with imperialism seemed over or perhaps not George Bush's speech to the UN last month explicitly cast America's Iraq ambitions in terms much wider than the removal of Sodom Hussein's weapons of mass destruction.
Bush contemplated nothing less than he'd be making in the Middle East into an area of democracy and economic freedom.
The President looked forward to a day when people of Iraq can join a democratic Afghanistan and a democratic Palestine inspiring reforms throughout the Muslim world.
Who could argue with that? If there's a problem with Bush's vision it'll have to be imposed from the outside.
To be sure in the past American imperialist practice has usually been more benign than Britain's the RAF bombed Iraqi villages that were late paying their taxes which even the colonial office in London thought was a bit much.
And America's ostentable motives today are pure so long as we don't mention oil.
Liberty for the Iraqi people said Bush is a great moral cause. It doubtless is but just as beauty is in the eye of the beholder so imperialism is in the mind of the imperialized.
The motive of imperialist is irrelevant. France justified its past colonial policies by omission to civilize.
What does matter is that imperialism means ruled by others and the end is the old colonial powers came to understand that breeds resentment across both money and young lives.
Today's neo-imperialists claim that if the US could rebuild West Germany and Japan after WWII it can rebuild Iraq.
But the cases could hardly be more different. Both West Germany and Japan had fixed national identities. Iraq does not.
Both nations Germany especially had memories of democratic institutions. Iraq does not. Neither Japan or Germany had bitter memories of prior attempts to impose colonial rule. Iraq does.
Nor has Washington said precisely how Baghdad will be transformed into Omaha and the Tigris. Bush has signaled that Washington has no intention of doing the job alone.
He looks to the prospect of the one helping to build a government that represents all Iraqis.
But there's scant evidence at the administration yet thinking about what an international effort to create a new Iraq would entail or how to canvas outside help.
A free or back in a prosperous era world isn't everyone's interest and unseating Sodom would be a good start down that road. It's what follows that's tricky.
The lesson of history is that reform succeeds best if they will up from within a nation not when they're thrust upon it from outside.
If the administration seriously thinks otherwise it will be nice to know what lessons it's learned from the failed imperialism of the past and that's not just about the finer points of pig sticking.
Where it's Michael Elliott in the swish time magazine. Every done any pig sticking? No. Frogs.
Never stuck a pig? No. 27 after 11 at 560 WQM. Here's something that's good for you. Okay. Maybe even help a pig. Top a little olium edamist's voice and watch it just squeal with.
Delight. That's right. Olium ed is a great new product just like I said it's a little soft gel capsule easy to take but a lot of good things are in there.
The best olive oil in the world is in each capsule along with vitamins, minerals and herbals and there's a separate concoction design to help each different part of your each different aspect of your health.
There's one specifically designed to help your heart. One to help lower your blood pressure. One to keep your cholesterol low. Your prostate, your circulatory system, your digestive and endocrine system, your skin, your bones, there's even a product to help your mind all using the benefits of the finest the purest olive oil you'll find anywhere with all these other good things in there too.
And olium ed makes products for men and ladies as well. Pick them up today at Whole Food Markets, Walgreens, Sedanos and Nevorro Pharmacies. If you'd like to find out more about how it works and what it can do for you, just call the toll free number and ask to your heart's content. Call 1-866-Olliumed. That's 1-866-O-L-E-O-M-E-D and don't forget you can order products and get more information on their website too at oliomedamerica.com.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
Because it's big, it's scary, it's really really unexpected too. It's to show everybody's gonna be talking about. You already said that. Oh sorry. Survivor Thailand, it will astound you. You'll be overwhelmed, dumbfounded. What is it? You'll be fascinated, catnivated, mesmerized, superfied, hypnotized, unnothin-ready. It's to show everybody we'll be talking about.
I already heard that twice. Oh sorry. It's true. It's your squeamish. Easily nauseated. A big baby. Watch anyway. Because everybody's gonna be talking about.
What a love of peace! Survivor Thailand. Shocking. Amazing. Forget it. There's a nice on CBS. Television will never be the same. Yeah right. No really. What am I? I'm serious.
There's must see TV. Then there's you really gotta see a TV. You are an idiot. Possibly true. But this is amazing. You lost me. I wouldn't watch it now if you paid me. No you'll be one. No I won't. You'll say it's gonna be big. I wouldn't ever try to see me as again. Big big big. Yeah big like a mouth.
1132 or 560 WQ. I'm gonna 313 votes. Who would you prefer to have as the leader of the free world today? Built in 181. 57.8%. George W 57 18.2% Tony Blair 50 and Al Sharpton 25. Al's kinda slowed down a little bit.
Because I guess all the sources have voted at least twice that we have in the audience. Don't forget 4 o'clock tomorrow morning. Set your VCRs. PBS WPBT channel 2. The man who knew the front line show by John O'Neil the FBI agent.
Rest in peace. Who was really out of the hot on trail of Osama Yamama. And was the only one who was well aware of the fact that there were al-Qaeda cells inside this country and screamed and yelled and hollered. And of course the rest of the FBI didn't like his attitude.
You know they thought he was a little bit out of control. And so they did everything in their power to finally force him out when in doubt they forced him out.
And then he takes a job as the head of a head of a security in the World Trade Center and starts his job on 9-11 of last year.
Won't see him no more. Actually he got out of the bill out of the second tower and he went and turned around went back in to help some people and that was that was the end of him.
Good show. Great show. It's on PBS 4 o'clock. You won't you won't remember to tape it. No I already forgot.
4 o'clock tomorrow morning. Okay. So when you go to bed tonight put on like a six hour tape. Just roll it. Put it on PBS and roll it. Idiot.
Martha Stewart resigns from NYSE Board. Now let's see did the beast take his stacks and everything or what? Yeah he took them. All three of them? No the today's one.
So what's going to happen with that other food? I'm going to slap the hogs with it.
Martha Stewart the style guru and former Wall Street poker now under investigation religion, cider training resigned from the board of the New York Stock Exchange yesterday.
Stewart owns big board listed Martha Stewart living on the media ink which is now what is it about six bucks. Quit citing the rigors of her corporate life.
New York Stock Exchange member Richard Grasso said. This is what is this in news day? Man my dog could write it better than this.
Where Santa Luz Martha Stewart is build a brand and company admired around the world. Grasso said our board will miss miss Stewart's council and insight.
Grasso told reporters yesterday morning before the NYSE monthly board meeting Stewart submitted a resignation letter. She had served on the board for four months.
When asked if Stewart jump from the board was pushed. Grasso said her departure was voluntary. He also declined to say what the Stewart departure was in any way linked to the insider trading probe.
As we all know Stewart's under investigation by the Justice Department for sale of those nearly four thousand shares of info and systems ink those shares that maybe for the stuff we end up plummet on negative regulatory news.
The FDA said take your role. What's the name of that drug? Are you 46? That was not what what was it? No, that's another. See that that's fixing your mind. See you don't have the real name of that either and I couldn't pronounce it.
Also I got some some gay banter here. I think we've been letting the audience down on that lately. Including that one guy who wants to hear the gay banter on the show.
This is from out magazine and I got two pieces here which tie in together. Remember Brendan Lemon. No.
Brendan Lemon who I think is the what is editor in chief about magazine. Yeah about a year ago and he wrote this column about his boyfriend is a majorly baseball player but didn't name him.
Okay, yes. And there was actually some discussion on a radio station about that which is shocking because WQA and being the all-jock radio station is so homophobic that it's terrifying especially in the morning. But at any rate there was really some discussion about that.
And then of course we had the former UN the tight end for the jets that asshole or the giants rather carrying out about wow you know if there's with somebody was gay we'd have nervous breakdown we don't want to be taking showers with no facts.
And I said that on Howard's sperm show and then try to cover up his tracks you know what I mean.
Squirt those tracks. So anyway Brendan Lemon writes in this month the October issue of out magazine coming out has been long presented as the defining drama of gay life.
The moment from which ones identity flows while there is many coming out stories as there are gay and lesbian and by individuals we should remember in this national coming out month.
Did you know that was coming out month? No I didn't. It's not too late George. There are two ways in which they're all like they all require bravery and they all require time.
These facts were brought home to me lately when I spoke to the MTV on air personality Dave Holmes about his coming out story which was written by our town that senior editor Jeffrey Epstein.
I was struck by the fact that all the homes has wanted to come out for much of his MTV career. It took a couple years to line things up at the gay friendly network.
If it takes someone in Holmes professional while to come out imagine the road for someone in protein sports whose vestiges of homophobia are acutely analyzed by Patricia Neil Warren in this issue.
Warren writes about a topic that's been part of my life intensely since May 2001 when I published an editors letter on a matter.
I'm speaking of my friend the brave pro baseball player. I say friend rather than boyfriend because while we're still close we are no longer a couple.
No to single gay sports fans. I doubt he'll be showing up at your local meat market anytime soon.
It may surprise some people to hear me law his courage and the original letter did I didn't I asked him to come out didn't I tell him that he would find more support than he imagined didn't I write that letter because I wanted to make my life easier.
How ironic it is that the letter made my life more challenging. I asked the athlete to rearrange his identity and so doing I rearrange my own.
I became the ball players boyfriend and if that designation has been invigorating and life changing it is just as often been wearing an absurd.
The absurd part has been essential for me to keep in mind because every time I'm tempted to complain I think of what people like my friend go through on the field experiences that the former player Billy Bean interviewed for this issue who lives in Florida by the way in South Florida has described movingly since coming out.
I think of how much courage it takes to maintain your composure in any environment where the generalized sites around a slights are ongoing.
What is all I'd rack it out there they working on a patio is again out here maniacs cut the noise god damn it.
Can you hear that? No.
And now we got sirens going on out there sounds like the end of the world here when I recently gave my friend support in the area in this area he thanked me but added it's the people who get through daily life in the face of material hardship who are heroic to me.
I think he's mistaken and minimize his virtues as you'll discover from reading his personal essay here which I'm going to read in a minute.
Chief among them is the ability to communicate while he and I have talked about the issues he explores many times he wrote the piece entirely unassisted wow if he does his autobiography someday the media will love the off the field stories his former affair with a current household name pro football player should by itself be a feast for talk radio.
Should read that sentence again please his former affair with a current household name pro football player should itself be a be a feast for talk radio but I think the bigger surprise will be his active courage.
I realize that this is a reversal of the expected thinking are we supposed to withhold our applause to the performer arrives center stage generally yes but not here what's more I'm going to say that whatever the benefits of that discussion my original letter help touch off about exclusion pass it or official in athletics and whenever our varying views and however central gain is should be any individuals life I was insensitive to why it's the player to come out last year.
I've grown to realize that even if he never decides to reveal himself that will be just fine with me and that if he finally does so I'll be first in line at home plate.
How do you like that huh you think I'll be sliding in into what 1140 at 560 WQ a.m. Is there still anybody out there who has been listening to us rant and rape about sports books who isn't with the best who's not plunging at VIP sports book calm well if you're not with them you better listen very carefully.
There are a lot of ads going around these days for other sports books but do some research before you hand over your hard earned money to some eight world sports book like in Guatemala let me help you out VIP sports work book calm is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs their Dutch based and one of the first online sports books so if you want to go on a role of a lifetime you want to be working with the sports book that's the best going VIP sports book calm is the one this football season is a reaching like fever height this week this weekend make no mistake about it and so be with the best.
Yes VIP sports book calm the easiest thing to do is open your account online you say 15% cash sign up bonus just for opening the account online and they've got the highest probably as you'll find anywhere is up to 2001 their phone number is 1 866 VIP bets it's toll free 1 866 VIP bets but the best of you like I said is to sign up online to get that 15% cash bonus at VIP sports book calm VIP sports book calm where you are the VIP.
You're gay wow they're really comfortable I'm not so sure yet I like the way they make my butt look in yours too.
Thanks.
Hey jeans.
Miners still in the closet I take mine out dancing mine come off in a flash.
Hey jeans in tight really tight and be my bitch tonight sizes.
Not it make it your choice tonight.
It's 1143 at 560 W.A.M. 330 votes at at pull who you prefer to see as the leader of the free world today free world being very dubious at this point.
Bill Clinton 195 George W 60 Tony Blair 50 and I'll sharpen 25 a voice from inside is the name of the article in the out magazine.
Since last year the editor of this magazine Brendan lemon wrote a column asking his then boyfriend a well known pro baseball player to come out here last the athlete himself tells us why it's so difficult to do so I was just looking I was going to tell you who wrote the article but obviously there's there's no name on it.
There ain't no name.
It says is I've watched and listened to the discussion about gay pro athletes over the past year of often thought of a slight variation on something Winston Churchill once said never have so many cared so much about so few.
Since I'm one of those few a professional baseball player who's drawn emotionally and sexually to men I found the endless talk a little surreal can people really be that interested in my private life with millions out of work.
A group that as I write my sweater with food striking ball players see this was written before they are subtle strike with the prospect of American servicemen and women who being sent to their debts in Iraq with the smoke of the world trade center tragedy still singing our eyes.
Surely we can focus our thoughts on something other than me and my kind.
Even as I say this however I know why this shift is unlikely America remains a pure technical country full of judgment of people who cannot view homosexuality is simply a fact of life more over America's fascinated with sex and secrets in the idea of a celebrity and men's team sports having a secret being gay is simply too enticing not to talk about.
We look to sports to distract us from the real world of war and strife for something manageable and safe even if coverage of sports in America for a long while now is included not only the orderly happenings on the field but the private chaos off it.
Athletics we like to tell ourselves off as a sanctuary except when they do not baseball for example has been brutally exclusionary something that today's fans most of whom grew up after the Jackie Robinson or attend a forget baseball system is based on an often embellished past on collective stories that became hardened in a mythology that is sometimes soothing and sometimes grotesque baseball has rarely been a haven for those who wanted to vote themselves for the group yet maintain a fully realized identity.
If you want to be a professional and help the team win yet ache also to be yourself you all we don't always feel supported in fact it's often a reverse what do I mean well for one thing I don't think my teammates realize that when the use words like Faggot they're transmitting a message that exclusion or since gay guys are already in a clubhouse prejudice still has a place in the game that the endeavor is not based primarily on merit and performance you think that with all the verbal abuse we hear from the stands something that comes with the territory we all are into deal with paging John rocker or not to deal with we wouldn't have to hear the same
stuff in a clubhouse I know that insults or a form of male intimacy which isn't some stuff be out of bounds I understand that when players make cracks about Faggot they don't think they're referring to guys often within earshot like me and when some of them say they're terrified of Faggot's looking at them in the showers it doesn't occur to them how juvenile they sound like governor bush they sound worse than juvenile they sound pathetic even if their fear of being looked at is unfortunately very real unless you're wearing a blindfold everybody notices everybody in the locker room and it completely inevitable way
and just because you see your naked ass doesn't mean I want to touch it to suggest otherwise is to cast gay men in a stereotypical role as sexual predators we all have a pretty good idea where the violent sexual behavior pro athletes takes place and it rarely involves the closeted gay players
even though I have to deal constantly with all the demoralizing and sometimes dangerous effects of homophobia I don't mean to complain I'm more of how privileged I am to be doing something I love
to have succeeded at it and to be well paid perhaps overpaid for my efforts I'm also aware that my teammates behavior might evolve if I came out
though fewer players are homophobic than the world may now believe some of them came from backgrounds in which gay men or lesbians are vilified
these players can be clueless about the presence of gay guys even on their own team
I'm not sure even if I remove their blinders by pointing out the household name and pro football for example
whom I threw a personal relationship know as gay that the homophobic players would change their minds
after all they would have to accept that there are faggots who are better tougher athletes than they are
contrary to expectation I found that such attitudes have little to do with racial ethnicity the only
generalization I'll make about racial in the club houses that most of the players of color don't have
to be told by exclusion whether tacit or official hurts they mean me rich and famous but they weren't
always rich and famous even though I'm not choosing to come out yet I don't have to be silent I'm not
being silent now and if I came out I could shed on my silence forever but if I come out before my
career is over a career that barring in jibber hope to continue for a while because it's all too
brief and therefore cherished I would become the subject of such scrutiny that I'm not sure I could
bear up my game not to mention my sanity might suffer like a bat in response to an acid inside pitch
I might crack why because sports is connected to people's fantasy lives it taps powerfully into
the irrational if I came out I would become a lightning rod for some of these intense emotions ask
yourself would you want to go through that if I did come out my playing suffer than people would
say see baseball wasn't ready for an openly gay player after all when the truth is it's not a matter
whether baseball is ready but whether the player in question is ready I'm not there yet the
rotor ready is both personal and professional is longer than expected I reluctance to expose myself
that's a manner of speech I guess to a deep sea degree of prepresure is probably the main reason I
haven't come out I'm not sure that I have what it takes although I'm inspired by those who've
displayed superhuman fortitude I'm not sure I'm in their class I'm not Jackie Robinson come
firstly I'm not an extreme individualist like Alan Iverson or Dennis Rodman I appreciate their
brand of self assertion even though I think that sometimes they're sorry behavior compels
attention precisely because it corresponds to the cheap identities that america seems to
allow team sports individualist especially their black the criminal and the down so I'm sometimes
fueled by anger I'm neither a criminal nor a clown with the help of a therapist and a few friends
in the process of redefining my identity I know that for many people the identity question involves
figuring out who I am even now I'm sure there are some fans who think someone who is reflective
about matters like identity and exclusion could only be player x or player y if we as athletes are
expected to think about only data tales of play not wider social issues to which I reply remember
I'll e remember jabar we don't all head back home or to the hotel only to watch the highlights show
I certainly don't especially when so many the media types have been saying lately that nobody cares
which top athletes are gay if only contrary to popular assumption there are a lot of very
right pro athletes many of them downplay their smarts are with not to draw even brighter spotlight
on themselves we rarely betray what we really think and I for one rarely talk about serious stuff
even with my teammates for us as for most celebrities telling an interview with that say the death
penalty is immoral is not the quickest way to a golden endorsement deal not to mention the future seat
in some broadcasting booth but back to those larger questions of identity I'm trying to find a
place in my life for my sexuality and this is sometimes been perplexing to quote Walt Whitman a
writer I first encountered upon hearing the old captain o captain speech in dead poets society
I contain multitudes I'm not only a closet homosexual I'm a closet and reader of the classics
not surprisingly my favorite books right now are the Odyssey and the Invisible Man in other words
being gay is only a part of who I am I'm also a baseball player a friend a family member a teammate
a music lover and many many other things and I'm a proud American despite the horror I sometimes
feel about all the hatred that still exists in this country in about our government self-righteous
bullying ways above all I'm a human being if I come out I fear I'd be forever pigeonholed as the
gay baseball player no matter the excellence of my career statistics that description even if
a fixed well meaningly would become the first sentence of my obituary while I admire the Navarata
Navarata Lova's and Il Organis who made the brave choice and despite what some cynics have
suggested about people like them a celebrity coming out is rarely an opportunistic career move
I'm still not sure whether I myself am comfortable with that kind of resorting I realize that if I
don't come out while in uniform I may be disappointment to some people that's fine I've had a
blessed life so far and I'm not asking for anyone sympathy I ask my critics only one thing to keep
in mind that you don't walk in my shoes playing in front of thousands of fervent fans a few of them
real wackos every night my journey to the top's been exciting and amazing and amusing especially
amusing if I'm not filled with hilarity here I assure you that I do have a sense of humor thank
God the road has also been hard sometimes I find that I'm grateful for this difficulty I've
been fortunate to have had several extraordinary coaches and friends through them I've learned that
suffering however much it should not be sought is the greatest teacher whenever my effort is not
just to be gave itself affirming in the public I threatened to overwhelm me I recall moments for my
life involving those whose trials have been much greater than my own I remember the words of a
single mother who told me that watching my team on TV is helped distract her young sons from
their sometimes meager dinner I remember a prolonged hug I received from a disabled teenager struggling
to maintain some dignity why I said was her favorite player even if I wasn't as good as very bonds
I remember a letter from a prisoner with AIDS who said that reading about my exploits made him once
a day forget the pains of his illness and the bleakness of his sentence it is no accident that my
touchstones often involve children or teenagers if I do come out while still at play and that remains
a possibility it'll primarily be because I would like talented young athletes to feel like
and succeed in team sports even if they're gay or facing any other kind of obstacle I agree with
those commentators to say would be easier in some ways for an athlete to win at the pro ranks when
he was already out of the closet unlike me he'd not be disrupting the powerful but unstated intimacy
that already exist in the clubhouse I'm confident that more and more brave young gay athletes in
football and baseball and basketball and hockey and soccer will come along if my story to veil perhaps
for some is help move the discussion forward and enter to so they let's hysteria charge less ignorance
latent acceptance of all athletes gay and straight arrived sooner rather than later I'll be
satisfied that my struggle to come out however odd and halting and sometimes cowardly will not
have been invading rights somebody somebody's got some gay guy some gay guy who's not very bonds okay there
you go hey Nick brides wife jabs jab and woos base jabs the jab mice they're speaking of homophobia
speaking of a cracker of an idiot but I mean something I think that whole family is Teflon you know
that it used to talk about the Teflon this one and Teflon Reagan I think that whole bush family
a bunch of Teflon clowns if you ask me right let's look willy to shame Adelaide Alex Sink the
millionaire former bank executive who aspires to be florida's first lady burst out of the state's
political stage this week to a sale of man or husband hopes to be it was the south loaded debut for
Bill McBrides best weapon in the fight to a working women and other key democratic voters making
her most high profile solo appearance since the bribe became the democratic nominee Sink came to
Miami to rail against Bush's education record and in interview her up his opposition to abortion rights
and his appointment of a man with traditional views on women to head the state social services
agency she said the department of children and family secretary Jerry McGear thinks women should
be barefoot and pregnant and question how women could support an anti-choice governor he just has
a poor record at a women's issue she said of Bush Sink was dispatched to Miami made growing concerns
that McBride is not as strong in his party south Florida bases he should be a recent poll
conducted for the herald and the saint p time showed Bush winning as much as 24% of the black
vote where I'll he and McBride are in a dead heat among women 24% of the black vote
out of the group both groups heavily favored McBride's primary rivals former US Attorney General
Janet Reno and state senator Darrell Jones before McBride nearly one the nomination last month
campaign strategists believe that Sink the former high power chief executive at
Bank of America's Florida operations as roots in North Carolina North Carolina pig farm can connect
with an array of constituencies I wonder for North Carolina pig farms anywhere near your
pig farm pig style she goes from hog colleague in North Florida the swankiest business groups
had McBride about campaign spokesperson Alan Stone cipher since zingers against Bush came as the
governor released an attack of his own in Tallahassee holding a press conference to say the McBride's
education plans would cost the state two and a half billion dollars over five years in lost
federal funding Bush cited the new leave no child behind act signed by this brother president
George W and a letter sent by federal officials to Florida Secretary of Education Jim Horne
the federal government could withhold title one money that goes to poor schools if states fail to
use a test to track failing schools the governor be saying McBride's campaign ridiculed the governor's
claim it's just another bogus political charge by guys trying to avoid defeat November 5th
Stone cipher said nothing in McBride's education plans jeopardizes any federal funding
if bride has criticized how the FKAT is being used not the fact that the state uses an assessment
test Stone cipher said so there you go Mrs. McBride Mrs. Sink why is her name different
I give up I'm not that I have an answer I'm just curious that seems to be going on a lot
these days you know yeah maybe that could be their motto thinker thwim you know what I'm saying
but that business about 24% of you darkies in south florida gonna vote for Jim Bush based on what
that that's scary and and 50 50 among women well their brainwashed
what is it by religion they know it's the three b's right no it's a two b's in a p brainwashed
barefoot and pregnant brainwashed barefoot and birthing three out of 45 votes on a pool who'd
you like to have as the leader of the free world right now if he had your choice bill Clinton 201
George W 67 20 Blair 51 and uh it's changing again and Al Sharpen 26
lie in local here sports radio 560s you a
this is coach Don Schueller and I sound like Bob Hope on acid and I want to tell you it's the 12
to 1 hour or whatever and that's why I think I just will have a championship season that's
and where did I tell you you don't talk to like say you can talk this is the beast I said shut up
that's all but you're like a father to me you don't talk to lumb done talking when i'm done
talking then you talk okay I'll hide me come here come here I want you to meet a friend of mine
mr golf club why I heard it I gotta show you the business entities they come in
this court sentences you to 20 years in ours would you info I had to take off my mattress
look like we'll be your bunk mates the names more how it David star is stage screen and
paradise what's yours they go me coffee hmm you got so pan I thank you hey look at that
funny it's so powerful drill huh I'm gonna make you my woman hey nobody's not you got
god god you think you got 10 minutes but it was to be safe beneath
yo both uh no man in order I knew linda blare over that hey so pretty okay
pull the power stick like that you know who I am okay then don't pick it up now
I'm gonna be a bloodhead all right but I expect a britain apology I might just call that
broom and a bow jack down oh boom hey I'll pick it up
no artin will see you now thanks well mr. David hello what a
two jack jack order how can I help you see what I'm here I keep getting raped
oh isn't that a shame I look into it right away thanks a wooden some time some
put it out drop your path I said drop your path this is odds for favors don't come to you
yo yo let's rape for radio big shot oh yeah how we pass the time away in the
yo jale of hearts you have any idea what a magnificent production that bit is I mean
it wasn't the idea I mean that thing is just incredible I mean all do we expect your comb playing
on the other one which is pretty damn good but but this one is in seven seconds of brilliant step
and bright on be liable and you'll be able to get it on the bulk of Brian's new CD restitution
and mobile bits volume one which you can see the cover of on our website neo-ranges.com and one
of these days very soon you'll be able to actually click on and buy it there very soon right
very soon you think he wants to put off making money like I said any second any man just keep
going back and check it out on there on the website neo-ranges.com in fact the more you go back
and check the happy your Eric will be right check frequently time magazine also has a great article
about our good close personal friends the Irish travelers by Amanda Ripley in South Carolina she
says on a welcome exposure the Irish travelers dwell named mysterious parallel universe temporarily
invaded by one mother's scandal the Irish travelers of north augustus south carolina stop their
pickups in the middle of the road last week to commiserate over the outing of madeline gourmand to good
the woman cut thrashing her four year old on a surveillance video in indiana is also as it turns
out an Irish traveler and though they didn't know her they knew they know what her arrest means
15 minutes of grueling fame for a community that thrives on secrecy I'm not going to tell you
they're all honest good citizens here says Mike Mikey boy Sherlock 68 gesturing out to it is
3000 fellow travelers who live in murphy village the country's largest traveler community ever been
there to a murphy's villa I wouldn't know where to find it and neither neither would anybody else south
here alina in far from you I bet there's a reason there's a south and a north carolina you got some
people that I wouldn't trust with nothing I got he said but he says and here law enforcement officials
from under the travelers basically agree you don't have no child abuse out here what you do have
is far more unusual a group of roaming laborers who spend half the year painting houses around
the country and then return to a self contained an aquanistic universe the travelers arranged their
children's marriages and in front of country people non travelers speak a galaic English dialect called
can't huh missley shai jo means go away the police are here missley shai jo oh
some have phrases of Irish accents though their ancestors arrived in the west 150 years ago
says michael mcdonough one of the thirty thousand travelers still in the irland was worked with his
u.s. counterparts their sense of tradition is stronger than it is here many Irish travelers once
known as tinkers moved to the west was gave to potato famine they started out as horse traders
today between two thousand and a hundred thousand angus Scottish and Irish travelers nobody
knows the real number live in groups mostly in the southern u.s they are reviled by some as con
artists who prey on the elderly by overcharging for shadi home repair jobs others insist the travelers
are hard workers and have no more lawbreakers than any other community 95% of travelers got what they
got from busting their butts says Jim Penn Sherlock 50 pennies Mikey boys brother the travelers go
by nicknames like one i'd peat and curly Joe since they share the same dozen surnames sounds like
Tennessee to me Penn began his childhood in a tent but graduated to a mobile home and then a
brick house a common pattern among the more successful travelers and Murphy village the rows of
trailer homes are suddenly interrupted by ornate pink and white mansions the traveler life is an
odd composite of old world and nick world like most other travelers pennies and Madonna statue on
his lawn that's with a small m his daughter was 14 when she married a 20 year old fiance and
arranged match like 99% of the village marriages he says and like many other travelers Penn never
made a past sixth grade but he drives a muscular black pickup with tinted windows and the traveler
women draw stairs when they go into town dolled up with layers of makeup and halos of hair
in a traveler settlement near Fort Worth Texas where two good has lived local non traveler say
pre-pubescent say pre-pubescent boys carry wads of cash and drive their parents flashy new cars
some travelers are indeed yonks they can't term for thieves six north august of travelers pleaded
guilty last year to using fraudulent documents to buy cars two good husband john is facing
trial in Montana for allegedly dupping elderly residents with faulty home repair work then again
north august of police chief lee weathering to desire travelers to pay his driveway and paint his
house they did an outstanding job he says locals called them gypsies and whisper about their dirty
deals but says pen we don't put our old folks in rent and rest homes we don't have as many
divorces and when a woman gets raped or a bank gets robbed law enforcement doesn't come to murphy
village says joe livingston a senior agent with a south feral on estate police who's
tracked the a traveler's for two decades it's really a paradox the whole community
how do you like that huh kind of strange kind of bizarre i would say just like the gypsies
see now you're saying that they're going to get you asked when you go back up north car line
next time what they're across the canal from you what are you talking about oh the travelers
here's the fact this is when watching prime tv last night i saw no less than six jib ads but zero
McBride why don't they write them for bribes that don't they have enough money i don't give them
some money send them a bag of money okay the more the merrier we need help let's see uh getting
ripped by all my dolphin employees who work here how about a big show one one
oh big shout to all the dolphin scumbags okay listen to wingman paul just calm down okay just
relax well just like with a phone calls okay don't get carried away with the faxes he says i
want to shut them up for the rest of the day thanks to wingman paul okay well screw them okay
the wingman paul and get out of here well let's see here's another fact it's it's not my
piazza this guy's articulate and he's a uh and my piazza's a retard have a great weekend and back
catch that every weekend yeah that could be a giveaway yeah the fact that the guy is articulate
here's one of our regular factors Alan who says i think you may find interesting a book called
the scarlet professor by very worth w-e-r-t-h anchor books 2002 it's i highly acclaimed Smith college
professor what's about whose life was ruined by the gay witch hunt orchestrated by asynawis
postmaster general Arthur summerfield it's a way to kind of america's moral fanaticism
for secondary i thought it said moral fascism well either one same thing
and here's another fact well on the boy the crys are coming out today it's a good time and
they're all still out there even though it's just uncle neal doing bedtime stories and they see
span of the year and let me say it again mo one thing we got you don't an audience huh a measurable
audience that's right mine is measurable and if mine is measurable holy cow is uh carless fund is
birthday yet no no June 3rd let's see here's one it says hey georgiania let me preface by saying
that i have no intention of becoming a chronic factor it's gary the gary the abulian guy from
neerok remember you call that day from neerok how could we be good i thought however the neal i want
to mention the american diabetes associations walk for diabetes which takes place this Sunday
October 6th this is the primary means of private support for the fight against diabetes and may
as they're involved not only in the walk but in organizing concurrent events as well your
listeners can contact american diabetes at 1 8 8 8 diabetes and on the net at www.divides.org
slash walk we all know the devastation caused by this disease blindness kidney and other organ
dysfunction and ultimately loss of life with all the needs causes and demands on the time resources
that we lose sight of the hope for a cure this is an attainable goal which we can realize in our
lifetime to the generous support of folks like your listeners thanks and thanks for your time
pali gary the abulian guy well you're welcome pali this Sunday October 6th the american
diabetes association walk for diabetes and you can find out more by calling one triple eight
diabetes and checking on the net www.divides.org slash walk got it good oh and speaking to
doing things this weekend besides the dolphin patriot game i'm sorry the patriot dolphin game
review on CNN dragon worthy follower lambs you're gonna go out and see that today
on probably not today no wait you said as you're gonna get a bootleg copy of the movies
what you told was i want to say something like that out loud which i thought was disgraceful
nothing i won't go see it and rent the DVD now is that going to be before after you go see our
steve m and davi i don't know the address well pd lambs give it to okay you notice he wasn't in
there today thank god for that oh boy maybe i scared him off yesterday by finally outing him getting
him out of the closet what a yanta he is running around a building starting all these damn rumors
go away pd okay and take your multitall with you while you're at it
in red dragon the prequel to 1991 sequel of lambs rathamie hopkins who won an academy award for
his earlier report yeah no yeah no dragon also achieved the near impossible it washes the bad taste
out of your mouth from the hideous sequel to the lambs the despicable handle adda was pretty
weak the films remarkable effect the minister also did the fact that silence screenwriter ted tally
rams with tally who won an academy award for lambs his back along with a stellar cast including
Emily wasen rath fiannis Edward norton mary louise parker philipsy more hopman harvey kytel
this story has been told once before in 1986 and the title of manhardest starring brian cox's
is animal not that brian cox and directed by michael man this time the filmmakers have returned
to the title of tomas heros novel red dragon and this film is more true to heros original concept
thank goodness in a brilliant move tally begins the film of the cold open in which we meet dr
lector in the early eighties at the time he still respected psychiatrist in baltimore and
remember good standing on the board local symphony orchestra then comes a series of brief and
highly effective vignettes in which we see how lector is captured over the opening credits we see
newspaper headlines describing as crimes the publics horrified reaction to them in a subsequent
imprisonment for life as in silence of lambs the imprisoned lector is sought out by an FBI agent
for help getting in the midst of another serial killer still on the loose this time the villains
a ritualistic butcher known as the tooth fairy and the FBI agent is will gram gram is no stranger
lector he is in fact a man of cut lector and in the process nearly died lector sand now gram is
retarious to be lured back into service by his old boss jack crofford this may all sound very
familiar to lambs but in this case we actually get to know the killer whose real name is france's
dohrhide simply as d tally oh as d tally in fact is given to you a compelling backstory not
including heros's book watch in another carefully nuanced performance plays a shy blind woman
named reba who works with deans attracted to his shyness reba also shares deep content for
others who take pity on people with physical abnormalities in his case it's a cleft palate which
is resulted in a distorting scar on his upper lip don't give us no lip tally's tightly crafted
script interweaves grams desperate search for the killer the strange relationship between dean reba
and animals diabolical efforts to manipulate the intact situation while secretly eating and
abetting deans downwards frowling the complete insanity the film's enormous emotional
punts comes from both the written word and the astounding acting provided by this remarkable cast
but there's one plot point for which you simply must suspend your disbelief or the rest of the film
will drive you crazy lector who's kept under the most tightly guarded conditions who is shackled
head to toe whenever he leaves a cell a hideous color known for his devious fevernous is a lot of
what appears to be complete access to male communication he's even louder plays ads and newspapers
with apparently no restrictions that doesn't ring true but it's all essential to the plots we
do let it go or don't go the only other fly in the cinematic way it is that the direction from
Brett Ratner of two thousand's family man and two rush armories is fairly pedestrian you can see
the seams between the scenes he even made a remarkable confession at a recent issue a premier
magazine saying that there were days when he was screamed at at least once by every member of the
cast this is not a director in control of his film the score by Danny Elpin is excellent and the
cinematography by Dante Spanatti from LA confidentialist stunning this film may not sweep the academy
words of Charleston Lamsey but it's good solid entertainment it's well worth your time and money
well worth your time and money guys go see it let me know how it was okay 12 13 I'm going to be
watching some Adam Baldwin movies myself 12 13 at five sixty WQA and for years you've heard
us talk on this program about the lights of West Bokeh if you're on the Atkins died if you're on
any low carb died this is a store dedicated entirely to you now to place where you go in there's like
you know a half an aisle or maybe a little time to you uh place off in the side of one hour they
have a few uh low carb items the entire store the lights of West Bokeh is dedicated to you can
imagine having a little low carb no fan delicious scoop of ice cream on a hot day like today is it hot
there are you kidding me boiling well it's it's hot here for like this time of the year it's like
79 today how about over a thousand low carb no sugar products is ready for you to taste because
if the lights of West Bokeh as we always tell you you can try before you buy and it delights it's
25% off all Atkins products all the time on Sookas on New Year's on uh poor them all the time
from candy to cookies snacks breads and vitamins the lights of West Bokeh has got it all with more
great stuff arriving every day like the new controlled carb brownies they just got in for delicious
flavors for audio brownie hounds out there like peanut coconut classic and cherry and they taste like
your grandma used to make them do you like to watch spoke a located on the northeast corner of
blades in 441 and bokeh open every day uh seven days a week till 10 call 1 8 7 7 low carb or
check them out on the web at lowcarb.com my and local this is sports radio 5 60 way
right there you bastard coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity
music biography profile story we take a good hard stiff look and to start it for over a year now
Americans have been unalert ready to seek out and eliminate one of the most foul the most hideous
lights on the well-being of our nation that's right it's the del computer guy uh I would
tie that guy to a board shove an M80 up his ass and see if I could blast him out of the earth's
Americans have given a lot of thought as to how they would like to punish the most annoying commercial
spokesman ever now if I could what I would like to do is impale him on his own femur bone and then
suck out his brains with a straw yes it is this very attitude of public hostility that has led the
del computer guy into group therapy with his fellow commercial spokespeople tonight you'll see
exclusive footage of a typical session led by dr. Robert Cole okay last time son we were talking
about your compulsion to be a really irritating can we talk more about that dude you're gonna get
a doubt yes that's fine did you get to get a doubt yes fine can we move on to your friend here
can you hear me now good dude you're gonna get a doubt can you hear me now good look you guys oh no
please don't squeeze the charm and always have to make a good cut please don't just
just have to be clean please don't squeeze the charm and don't have to let him get that
squeeze and shut up god I'd like to impale you on your own femur bones and then suck out your
brains with a straw the del computer guy the latest in a long line of annoying f**ks it's a big
juicy stopping with look at your business tonight I'm inside the behind okay one of those damn
pop-up ads is screwed up my you know it's frozen anything on here so I guess I'll read this off
of the thing president bush monday and it will give his first prime time televised speech
uh devoted to the thread posed by iraq and will stress the time is running out for bagged
ed to disarm you as officials said today the official said bush was not expected to wish
an ultimatum to a racky leader santa musain however is the attempts to convince other members
of the one security council to improve a tough new resolution against iraq the officials who
spoke on condition of anonymity of course that bush will liberate the rest in Cincinnati ohio the
address will give the president new charges that's that i'm representing an imminent threat a chance
to talk directly to the american people about iraq okay well that wasn't so bad how come this
thing is still frozen up like that though you know back to the front huh bad karma oh it's just
that uh the one when a pop-up ads get in there they get the stuck in the middle you know you just
get frozen you know i'm talking about i'm sure you do yes come on let's go let's go on there we go
you have to keep punching and bang look at that can't even end the goddamn task and other
thing is shutting down oh jesus lawmakers reach deal on three point nine billion dollar election
overhaul bill house and senate negotiators reach the deal to the an a three point nine billion dollar
election overhaul bill of what helps states pay for replacing punch card voting systems and
oppose new idea requirements on voters who register by mail the impetus for legislation was the
fewer over the stalemate a two thousand presidential election which eventually was stolen week
i mean decided we slated by the supreme court can't wait till we get a story on now what's
going to happen to supreme court on new jersey you know what we'll get to eventually keelon maker
to see if they're if they're like honest about this they got no business in a hurry and act they're
honest i said if okay i have my legs crossed by the way key lawmakers reach the deal on legislation
after an all night negotiating session they plan to announce it and after news conference today
congressional officials be saying we have a deal one house said said speaking on the condition
of anonymity we have an agreement we have an understanding is not what the bishop said we have
an understanding and got further three yes 398 votes on the pool who would you prefer to have
leader of the free world right now built pentane 232 58 percent throge w 75 uh 20 blair 63 and
i'll sharpen 28 who wants to throw his thing in a ring who wants to throw his nose in a ring
let's see this was from the Baltimore Sun yesterday drowned out drums of war with the sound of
dialogue rights normand salomon who was normand salomon his executive director of the institute
for public accuracy with sponsor dewey's delegation visit to bag dad last month the conventional
wisdom in washington is that it's pointless or reckless for americans to speak with Iraqi officials
but some on capital hill are beginning to think otherwise last month for the first time since
George w which became president members of congress four democrats visited bag dad hopefully
more will be making the journey later this fall representative nick ray hall of 13 turn congressman
from west virginia started the trend in mid-september when he joined former senator james amber esco
south Dakota to lead a small delegation americans to bag dad as a member of that group i was impressed
with the candidly discussions during several hours of meetings with high level Iraqi government ministers
the white house was initially low key about our trip but when three more congressman announced they
were heading off to visit a rack last week the white house press secretary swung into action eager to
throw cold water area uh fly sure the minister of information claimed that mr ray hall's visit did
not turn out as he hoped it would because of the rock treatment he got from the iraqis the refusal
to listen to him to meet with them or talk to him actually during face-to-face discussions with
iraqis in bag dad there was plenty of listening meeting and talking as mr ray hall noted an interview
in the on the hill of september 25th he repeatedly urged iraqis officials to accept unconditional
and unfettered access to him weapons inspectors and what's more mr ray hall said they did not reject
my suggestions taryk aziz the deputy prime minister scumbag with whom i met for over two hours said
we'll give it careful consideration we'll consult with our friends and allies and i will
consult with our leadership some prominent republicans are now anxious to dampen prospects for future
usurbank dialogues involving members of congress on sunday with democratic delegation members
representative jimmy kyrmitu washington and representative david vanyu of michigan appeared on
abc's this week from bag dad a senator on the program and after mr mcdermot with rhetorical guns
blazing basically he's taking sottam Hussein's lines had centered on nicles of oklahoma the
geopie's assistant leader in the senate mr nicles ended that mr mcdermot mr vanyu sounded
someone like spokespersons for the iraqi government senate minority leader treblot of mr cibi called
mr mcdermot irresponsible and proclaimed he needs to come home and keep his mouth shut
but mr mcdermot's v torqued was on target monday during a cnn interview from bag dad what i
would suggest mr ladders to get on a world-journey and airplane fly over here and take a look
he's talking from absolute ignorance of what's going on on the ground and i think you ought to be a
little more careful about what he says in the country where we value free speech the current
smears and denunciations from republican leaders indicate how threatening it can be when members
of congress won't be free to the white house on matters of international discourse generally law
makers excel at functioning as rubber stamps or people the centers when a president puts war at
the top of the national agenda but senators and representatives should move beyond their customary
rules in order to breed life in a democratic processes and hold open the possibility of peace
while president bush continues to insist that his administration has nothing to discuss with the
iraqi regime dialogue could prove to be crucial and where to el tech a former u.s chief of
mission to a rack recently pointed out our government is constantly saying that there must be
discussions between parties and disagreement to avoid or release reduce the risk of war
indian pakistan or in south korea the israelis and the palestinians the protestants and catholics
in or then irland so why don't we talk to a rack as it happened two days after our delegation met
with mr. rasiz and iraqi national assembly speaker sadoun hamadi on september 14 the u.n.
announced that iraq had agreed to allow unrestricted access to u.n weapons inspectors this was a
highly positive step that could lead to full inspections and effective disarmament in iraq
it seems to me that if we're going to deal with this in a real and honest way we have to create
dialogue mr. baun you said during his visit to bag that unless war is their goal elected officials
in washington should find ways to conduct more dialogue with the rack in the very near future says
normand salamon common dreams new center by the ways where you can find us all those published in
the bottom or son that's a good website you ever check that out no i haven't but we get lots of
taxes from there well when in doubt check it out common dreams dot twenty six at five sixty w.e.e.
q a m. tom lamens got some strange dreams mostly about our morning show boy he pines for those days
of d.f.o you know joe and d.f.o. and d.f.o. and joe just one of those things as time about that when
you go down and visit at halop pontaex gmc he'll go on for hours about it and they love you people
in the iraq's list and so much that's what they've brought back the niel deal and halop saved
gigantic books and all pontaex gmc's in stock just imagine her just talking about them here on
the neiraj your show and they'll practically give it away to you practically stop by halop pontaex gmc
134 one stop thixie highway on us one right across the street from the falls where they've been going
strong for over thirty five excruciating years where every vehicle right now is marked with the lowest
price and mentioned the arrangers deal save even more check out the complete line while you're there
of gmc SUVs including that envoy floated by motor trend as SUV of the year and the all new vibe SUV
that's got the power of a big gas guzzling sports car halop's also got a great selection to
dependable pre-owned cars cars and SUVs and like we always tell you when it comes to credit no matter
who you are or what you are what you make or what you got they will cut you with the ellith helot so
this is the place you want to do your shopping for a great to deal an unbeatable deal halop pontaex gmc
134 one stop thixie highway us one right across from the prestigious falls open every day seven days
a week halop pontaex gmc what they still say we are professional grade my life and look all this is
420 by city sick mother fucker purple on my socks at night so they smell like
this is clots in the morning come out and tell me back on my TV holy backer
all me I can't wait to see what happens with mouth see and a drink in the girls all of
to
white
Last year he went splash
And Jan is the fancy
Comes back for more care
Last year when she got come
We hailed his guts
Christopher Maidenshire
With holy moments
So everyone's there
Cause anything goes
That friends all get ready
For us a friend old
So that's several important things
You got to do this weekend
Right, so Prano Sunday
Those who watch it
Which is not me
But number less
And of course the new Anthony Hopkins movie
The new red dragon
Dragon
And the Dolphin Patriot game
Which George is the only one who paid attention to that
Where there are several gay players in there
And what's the other thing?
Oh and in four o'clock in the morning
Be sure to tape PBS
The man I knew
Frontline, Bajon O'Neal
The former FBI agent
Grey, I'm proud he's a great piece
A lot of stuff we've been talking about here on the show
Here on Uncle Neil's bedtime stories
Here's another one
West Delray Priest Jailed his threat to community
That's from the Sun Sentinel
So there's an outside chance it could be true
A federal magistrate determined yesterday
That a Delray beach priest charge for soliciting what he thought
Was a 14 year old boy over the internet for a sexual twist
Is a danger to the community and a flight risk
Who should be held on the Palm Beach County jail until he goes to trial
The 14 year old boy turned out to be an undercover Delray police detective
Who arrested the Reverend Elias Guamadeus
Guamadeus, how do you say that?
Oh I asked you that the first time
No, I don't know
43 when he showed up at the park for a September 9th meeting
Where Marius worked at our Lady Queen of Peace mission
West Delray Beach and was suspended from the ministry
Wasn't he from like Brazil?
Okay
In emails, Guamadeus bragged of having sex with a 14 year old boy and a 16 year old boy
Cornu, his arrest report
Assisting US Attorney
Low Thru up Morris revealed during yesterday's bond hearing that the younger boys from Delray
And the others from Boka
US magistrate Judge and Vatunic
Estima federal investigators are yet to be able to identify them
We're currently trying more
Said we're looking at his America online account
We don't know how I have all the info yet
Investigators see two computers from the church after the priest's arrest
One of those computers was in Guamadeus bedroom
Computer forensics experts are examining them for evidence
Squirt, Squirt
And asking that Guamadeus be held without bail
Morris said the charges considered to be one of violence under federal law
He also argued that the native of Brazil said what did I tell you?
You call a mammary eye god man has no ties to the community
And was sent to return to Brazil in a few weeks
He said Guamadeus faces about five to six years in prison under sentenced in guidelines
The way to the evidence in this case is overwhelmed
He said that offended is a danger to the community
Morris also prosecuted the rabbi Gerald Levy of Boka
Who was sentenced to six and a half years in prison last year in a similar case
Morris pointed out to the judge that she ordered Levy held without bond
This decision upheld by the 11th US court of appeals in Atlanta
CIA hiding vital facts. This is like a follow-up to the story we had yesterday
CIA hiding vital facts. Senator Bobby Graham says
Our good old BDI Senator
Senator Bob Graham, chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee
accused the CIA yesterday of not providing vital information about Iraq
That senators need before they vote on a resolution to authorize US military strike
We're being asked now for the first time in US history to launch a preemptive strike against another nation
And right now we're lacking all the information necessary to make that decision
They floored a Democrat said
In response to criticism from Graham and other senators
CIA director George Tennant met briefly with the chairman
Plans a full briefing for the committee today
Graham is known for cost and a sharp criticism reflected growing frustration on the committee
over what he called CIA obstructionism
His comments came as the Senate began a historic debate over how much latitude to give the president and use of force
A resolution backing use of forces likely to pass by a wide margin several senators said
But some Democrats and the few Republicans who may support the resolution have misgivings about the information they're getting
Graham, Illinois Democrat Richard Durbin and other senators specifically asked for information
And analysis on how Oregon's Iraq would affect other many nations and the Oregon's and al-Qaeda terrorists
That was purposely omitted from an national intelligence estimate given the committee Tuesday night
Two months after the committee asked for a Graham said
That report focused nearly on Iraq's work on weapons of mass destruction
Several committee members said once that were spoke of course on condition of anonymity like everybody else
Said the committee also seeks information or on covert CIA operations in Iraq and how the CIA would fit into an invasion plan
There are some big gaps in information
I want to see feel the next few days had Graham after hearing by the Senate and House Intelligence committees on the 9-11 investigation
Senator Richard Shelby Republican valabam and vice-chairman of the Senate panel said he's convinced that threat from Iraq is urgent but said it's somewhat insulting that the CIA has not been more cooperative
I've got the information I need to make a decision regarding Iraq and I think the president's correct we need to be ready to take action
He said Durbin said the White House was pushing hard for the resolution while restricting intelligence
The CIA has been dragging its feet of the national intelligence estimate which I consider to be a crucial document before this nation was to war Durbin be saying
John Walker Lynn be saying I don't want to see him anymore you know oh yeah oh man I even cleaned up
No I don't want to see him under any circumstances he is one of these smarmyist if there was anybody of any sex if there was anybody over there with an organ who was touching him
Oh I'm getting the willies and I should be thinking about that so close to lunchtime you know although he's no Richard Ramirez
John Walker Lynn told military and FBI questioners he believed the 9-11 attacks were the first of three waves see there you go again with that anti-beeners thing here
He's a beeners Richard Ramirez the shoe bomber
His name isn't Richard Ramirez Richard Ramirez was the rapist oh sorry the shoe bomber's name is Reed oh that's right
Richard Ramirez the shoe bomber let me ask you something I don't know what you read
I don't but it sure ain't the good say yeah you better you better stop you know going over to Steve M's house in Davies so much you know
I think what you read is being affected by your bad weed I think is what's happening there like a weed
Richard Reed was the shoe bomber Richard Ramirez was the beener out there was the rapist and murderer and child killer
engine killer now can I get back to poor John Walker Lynn Paul Lynn told military and FBI questioners he believed the 9-11 attacks were the first of three waves of terrorist rights against the West according to secret documents obtained by CNN
of course they neglect to mention in this story which is on their website of course yesterday that the second wave was supposed to be one was it in November of 2001
and the other one was supposed to be this last spring of 2002 did either one happen no no walker Paul Lynn the first American prisoner taken in that canister
and as a Taliban fighter and scheduled to be sentenced today also said he turned out to offer to take part in suicide attacks against the West and he believed as many as 50 operatives have been sent on missions against the West and Israel
these secret documents are summaries of his first interrogations by your special forces troops on December 1st 2001 and a three interrogations conducted by FBI agents in Afghanistan December 9 and 10
the FBI interrogation reports as Walker Lynn related the after 9-11 one of his former al-Qaeda training camp instructors said that Osama bin Laden said this was the first attack the groups speculated that the second attack would involve attacking nuclear facilities, oil and gas pipelines or some kind of biological attack speculated being the operative word because now is the hours are going by CNN is admitting more and more that this was just them guessing it wasn't based on anything on any fact
Walker Lynn's lawyers had sought to suppress these documents is evident saintly were made under duress but that was before they reached the plea bargain with federal prosecutors in July in that bargain Walker Paul indigree to plead guilty to charges that he supplied services to the Taliban and carried an explosive during the commission of a felony just like Richard Ramirez read Walker Lynn is expected to be sentenced to 20 years in prison today
I am local this is five cities the radio is on your top you and
bread and say cheese
smoke the pot smoke the pot some of the mess smoke the pot 20 games out what's the point
and it will be a follow-up all that could not you on your ass take another call
cuz the new York mess just one and high stand around and wave a place in the sky
I'm
Oh smoke the pot smoke the pot some of the mess smoke the pot 20 games out what's the point
Who can blame them if they need a joint?
Cause Bobby Valid's time's best just gets exceed
Without a nigga bag of premium
We very de-ring games twinkies
Ruffles branch potato chips
Well the mess plates just like they're all high on acid trash
The new we all have made
Okay, we now know I sit for an antis as such a gigantic ass
Too many snacks
We're not suggesting that said the kid was smoking any wacky weed
Just probably coincidence
That's a long time ago
422 votes on our pool
Who would you prefer to see is the leader of the free world right now?
Well all the crap that's going on
How's that market to them by the way George?
Oh Jesus
Yeah
Down one one sixteen and the next next down sixteen and its curbs are in
And people are stopping and taking a dump on the curb
Wow curb your dog and curb your appetite for stock
Let me tell you that right now
Bad news
422 votes built Clinton 244
Like I said, it's changing again 424 votes
Bill Clinton 245 like I just said
Uh George W. Bush 82
20 Blair 65
And Al Sharpton 32
Let's hear for now
GOP takes senate fight to high court
And of course we know the Supreme Court don't play politics right?
Thank the Lord for that
Republicans appeal to the Supreme Court yesterday in hopes of keeping New Jersey Democrats from replacing Senator Robert Torres-Selia in the November ballot
Senator Bill Frist, Republican Tennessee, chairman of the Senate GOP campaign committee delivered the request by hand
Republicans want the Supreme Court to block an image ruling from New Jersey's highest court
The New Jersey Court ruled Wednesday that Democrats may place popular former Senator Frank Lottonberg on the ballot and place it to a Sully
Who was admonished by the Senate to summarize an ethics investigation
In other words, he can't complain about Bob's ethics because he don't have any
Torres Sully said money he was dropping out of the campaign against Republican challenger Doug Forster
out of concern that his party would lose control of the nearly divided Senate
Republicans want the high court to rule the New Jersey matter
ruling unconstitutional on grounds that a court and out of state legislature
said the times, places, and manner of a congressional election
The filing also contended that the state court decision could properly strip voting rights from New Jersey residents overseas
since there's those serving abroad in the military
some ballots already have been mailed with Torres Sully's name on them
It is clear that the New Jersey Supreme Court overstepped the authority overriding the will of the people
First said after living the paperwork the change and the swish on the ballot is illegal
There was no media word on whether the high court would block the ballot
Move ahead the Republicans brought a repeal
GeoP elections lawyers said they expect an answer within two days
The request was addressed first to just as David Sutter who handles appeals from New Jersey
Democrats control the Senate by one seat so the New Jersey races we all know could be key
in the November 5th elections
And we know the Supreme Court ain't going to play politics on this one
Make no mistake about that
The same Supreme Court that stole the election two years ago
They're not going to do it again, are they?
Yes
Iranian artist in trouble over kiss
A well-known Iranian actress has landed herself in an award-winning young film director in court
for kissing him on the forehead and shaking his hand in public
Oh
You ready for that?
Oh my god
Entomod newspaper reported that Gohar Kiran Dish made her display of affection last week after Ali Zaman
He was chosen as best filmmaker at a film festival in the central city of Yazid
The incident triggered protest in the Islamic Republic where any physical contact between
Unmarried and unrelated men and women is strictly forbidden
Verbotin
No se permisa a key
The two have since apologized for their behavior and assisting was a spontaneous gesture
She kissed me like a mother kisses her child Mr. Zaman
He said but this did not prevent the head of the local justice department ordering their rest for disturbing public morality
Mr. Zamanie appeared in court on Wednesday was released on bail of
What a 2500 bucks
Miss Karan Dish is reportedly returning to Yazid to face the charges to face the music
Conservative newspapers condemned them. Have you liked that
Our enemies are trying to harm Islam through our culture and this event is an example of that fact
Said an editorial and y'all less about weekly
Iranian cinemas received higher claim in recent years at international festivals
But remained subject to restrictions at oppressive laws at home
Filmmaker Tamina Milani known for her liberal feminist views
Was arrested last year for allegedly supporting counter revolutionary groups. How do you like that?
I fry their ass our good friends the Iranians man another bunch of barbarians
How come they're not evil doers you know when you come right down to it?
They're our evil doers. That's what I was right. I forgot about that
Well, not not quite
Not since the shogot the ass. Yeah, since they pulled out his fingernails
Mad dog coming up at one. He's enough to make you pull out your fingernails
He gets you right on the edge of your seat as we're working up to that big game on Sunday man
You can throw you can smell the pressure baby
Wow, it is in 10
Man, it's a heavy duty. Hank Goldberg at three. We got the day wants that you would hang 530 and then we got that the colors football crap
Why the you bastard
You
Mr. Leicard
Say me a piece of the door
disappointed you passed on Clarice
Still eating people right after you kill
Not even leaving behind a tiny chrome collector
Fingerlicking
He cleans up people
Taste just like chicken if you see him
A ball on the street
Very better honor you are dead meat
Mr. Leicard
I've got two ass
How do you eat things through that funky mask?
Though it looks good you can't move your jaw
The first cannibal to use a silly strong leicard
I wish I saw you pay a visit to Jeff Aquaw
Eat the Clintons on your next spring
Just remember your Pepsi AC
I
Pro 555 60 W Q I am talk about evil doors while before we get to bed
Because I neglected to a promote Miguel's thing again this morning. I probably don't have anybody there anyway. Huh?
Whatever
Join Jo you don't care join Jo Castello 3 to 5 at the public's located 1395 North
Southeast 17th Street in Fort Lauderdale for the Mike's Hard lemonade NASCAR giveaway this afternoon
Stop by to win prize register win two tickets for the homestead speedway race in November and be sure and join little George
Jared Jouler's tomorrow at 1613 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale 1-3
Stop by to win prizes registered win trip for to see the dolphins calm the crap out of a girl's team the jets in New York
No less now
You want to know who the real evil doers are or some of them? Okay
Federal regulations prohibit any broadcast are for owning more than eight radio stations in a single market
But in San Diego along California Southern border industry giant clear channel communications Inc
Is figured out a way around the rules and that's left at smaller competitors fuming
By cutting deals to take over the programming of five mexican stations including two in May
Clear channel is grabbed nearly 50% of the San Diego markets radio advertising dollars
According to estimates from research channel firm PIA financial
The FCC exempts four known stations from encounter to the maximum of eight
Altogether the assumption and the other loopholes have allowed clear channel to take control of 13 stations
Beaming signals in the San Diego the San Antonio-based grave rovers the nation's biggest radio broadcaster
At more market share here than any other top 20 market according to BIA
Would antennas within side of the west Mexico border and signals directed north
Clear channel so-called ex stations the mexican outlet names starts with X and become the key to a power struggle in San Diego radio
Smaller radio companies protest that media conglomerate not only is side step federal law by taking over the mexican stations
But that it's using its size to muscle advertisers muscle advertisers
The correct critics say clear channel is throwing its weight around with advertisers and dozens of other markets where it's got concentrated power as your government once again
Destroyed another industry the radio business destroyed it butchered it ruined it killed it
Jefferson product communications a smaller broadcaster the known force and the Ego radio station said in a complaint
Poblet the FCC in March that the exemption clear channel is exploiting as resulted in a serious competitive imbalance in San Diego and permitted the very
Market dominance Congress sought to preclude by establishing station owner chip caps
Jefferson pilots as the FCC to revise its rules and county station that places a signal in the US radio market and direct significant programming and sales efforts there
And its basic pitch cheap channel tries to sell advertisers on the idea that if they spend all their radio dollars on the company stations
They'd receive bonuses such as free spots on its lower rated stations
Even if they reject the idea of handing their inter-ad account to one company some media buyers in San Diego
Say they must buy spots on clear channel station because it's tied up control of certain coveted demographic groups including managers
18 to 34 some advertisers say that means they must pay clear channels price or stay off the air
It's called monopoly you idiot's up there at the FCC you morons. It's called a fricking monopoly
I can get proposals from five or six different clear channel stations like their carbon copies said veterans San Diego
Adviro JC Cordero for some targeting certain demographics
They're really heavy between a rock and a hard place. It's David and Goliath and right now Goliath is winning
John Hogan not the driver recently put it chief of clear channels
station radio division said his company size is actually helped media buyers by allowing them to engage in one stop shopping
Somi says and that is our one stop shopping and then come away to put it
Put all your marbles in our basket because it's the only batisca to task it stick it in our basket
Clear channel acquired control of the Mexican stations through so-called exclusive sales agreements
In which the company pays a fee to the license holder in exchange for the right to sell airtime for and program the station
The antennas for the Mexican stations tower over an impoverished Tijuana neighborhood just five miles south of the border
But the bulk of these stations broadcast from a sleek glass office building in northern San Diego
Where clear channel houses its U.S. license stations for listeners discerning between cheap channels Mexican
stations and its stations on this side of the border is difficult
One promotes itself a San Diego sit music channel and plays the latest offerings from Shakira and Justin Tickerbell
Another is your home for hip hop and rnv thump gau jazzy and nelly another station was advertised as my 80s 90s my music
Play softer hits such as a mincelle branch
For the most part the only clue that radio here is different comes just once an hour during government mandated station IDs
How do you like that the people of destroyed this business
Who would you prefer to have as the eliter of the free world? We got 438 votes bill Clinton
256 George W 83 Tony Blair 66 and Al Sharpton god help us 33
Then you'll watch a show on 256
No You.ri no
B the door
