Yes, and like that in paradise everybody on QAM.
Oh, this is how Florida's only real 48.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
A diesel broadcast notification.
www.QAM.com.
I'm here in old.
Friday, you first aid.
Hello, I'm the general manager of this radio station.
And today is Rasha Shana, the Jewish New Year.
In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths,
we've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the New Year.
Hey, hey, happy New Year!
Hey, hey, that's it.
Go home, ho, kid.
There, back, your favorite Jewish rock and roll nostalgia band.
It's Rasha Shana and I, with their latest hits album, Suck Hoppeth the synagogue.
My whereby's that is gonna to protect the baby.
My name, my lover's back.
Yes, Rasha Shana and I has reformed to bring you 12 kosher types of hoppeth Hebrew hygiene.
That guy is good for you.
This album should be in every orthodotryrkars collection.
Rolling stone gives it five stars of David.
I wonder wonder wonder who wrote the book of Job.
Suck Hoppeth the synagogue, you from Rasha Shana now.
Available in all record stores.
We'll talk right when you get here.
Go fast over this album.
Happy New Year and all that other good stuff.
902.560.
WQM.
So I got a real surprise for George.
You just started the thing.
I didn't, we talked as usual.
You were, you know, an hour before the show, but I just, I kept it quiet because I know that you're gonna like wet your pants when you see this.
All right.
Remember yesterday I had you click on the Sunset and the website?
Yes, I did.
Let's do it again.
I hope it doesn't take as long as it gets today.
Man, that computer down there, that, oh, brother, Bell South blows baby.
Is there any doubt?
No.
Bell South blows.
Everybody knows that Bell South blows.
Because my internet connection here, Bell Sympathico is like instantaneous.
In fact, all you have to do is think about the website.
Well, it's big in a website.
Eric's got our website all spiffied up now.
Nice going, Eric.
Better late than ever.
But now see it's the Georgia's fault.
You didn't, you didn't, you didn't goose him a little bit.
But he's got the updated and he's also got the link on there to those great five, five articles all in one.
Okay.
Am I going to call him?
I'm not going to call him.
You can read the entire Cheryl Seal piece just go on to our NeoRangers.com.
Click on that link there above the Beasley thing and you can read the whole thing.
Now what is it?
Go to columns.
Go to columns.
Okay.
Go to jica, Tom jica.
Got it?
Click him.
Oh, that's awesome.
There it is.
Now I remember yesterday you did this, right?
And what did it say on September 5th?
Cooking Show Skates, right?
Right.
Cooking Show.
Do you see it now?
No.
Do you see any cooking show schedule?
I don't see any cooking show schedule.
I see two days.
They're all gone.
They're all gone.
They're all been deleted off the sunset on the website after I show you yesterday.
Must be just a coincidence, you know what?
I see a story on the Fonds.
No, no, but look at it.
Now question and answers with Tom jica.
That's in the Sunday TV book.
That's not a column.
No.
That's just the questions he makes up and answers he makes up on the Sunday TV book.
September 3rd.
August 20th.
August 19th.
The last story.
And August 12th.
Q and A.
August 8th.
That means almost a month.
So nothing is happening radio or TV locally, nationally, on the moon, on your rain.
It's in almost a month.
If you believe Tom, he's got nothing to write about.
Is that incredible or what?
Well, what's happened?
I guess the American Idol thing didn't happen.
I guess there's nothing going on in radio.
That's for damn sure.
I mean, just I just thought I'd point that out to to show you the power of...
Oh, God.
The show that we embarrassed them to take them that off as if that mirror is being on a website.
Oh, here's the schedule of cooking shows.
That's Tom jica's contribution to our paper today.
Man, give me a break, little Tommy.
I mean, yeah.
So that's gone.
You won't find those on there anymore.
Good job.
Excellent job.
Here's our poll result from yesterday, which we didn't get a spectacular response because nobody cares.
They think I just make all of this stuff up.
More of that gay banter.
Right.
Which of these women do you most strongly believe is a beard for gay celebrities?
Elizabeth Taylor 190, all of the above 166.
661 votes, kind of weak.
Lisa Marie Presley 73, none of the above 59.
Nicole Kidman, voodoo, consider me she got a relate start 41.
I'm saying that's pretty heavy duty.
Uh-huh.
Britney Spears had 32.
Britney, nobody would have voted except for...
Bye, bye, bye.
Kim, J. Lowe 31, who also made a nice comeback there after a slow start.
They started thinking about that.
Oh yeah, he did leave.
And that other acquaintance he was married to.
Anna Cornelholy and Brooke Shields were tied with 27.
And the Janet Jackson only had 15.
Am I confused about that, do you think?
I don't know.
Who was she supposedly?
I don't get that.
Somefag.
I don't remember.
But nevertheless, oh, speaking of guys, man, oh man.
Now, I know.
It's more gay banter, but good.
And I'm sorry for Gully.
National Post, Canadian Signed, Joseph Theatre for US $16.5 million.
The highest amount, ever paid in Montreal, Canadian History.
Don't start with Hockey Talk, that'll be the end of the audit.
I'm going to tell you.
There's a picture here of, I, which I know is a great looking guy.
And a great goalie too, by the way.
I'm the first one to spot it.
I'm even remember what I did that.
I spotted em.
Spot it myself a few times.
This picture, if there's anybody in the world who's better than him, I haven't found them yet.
Good, God.
Hi, it's Gully, and Joseph.
How's it going, A?
Oh, that's right. He's a frog. No, he's not a frog. Is he a frog?
He's a frog. I don't know what he is. I think he's in a Greek. Here's our poll question today.
What do you think is going to happen? It's funny. I don't want to even ask the question because parents
are interim maybe permanent program director, but nobody knows for sure because Greg doesn't talk to anybody.
Before we had we bonded before the show because parents has been sick for a few days with a flu,
but he's back today sounds better than ever as a matter of fact. And he sound pretty good. Yeah, and he looks all right to for him.
You know, I'm now you're getting carried away for him. He looks okay. But anyway, so we bonded a little bit and he said,
well, you know, next Wednesday is the 11th. I said, no, no kidding. He said you're going to be doing anything special.
I said, yeah, I'm going to be doing my show.
You know what I mean? Yeah, I know what you mean. I mean, I'm not going to take every day here.
I mean, if you want to wallow in what happened last year as grow test and horrendous as it was, and we all remember it
like it was just a few days ago, but if you want to wallow in it, we do have that one ACN bit.
They put a little montage together, which I'll play Wednesday and other than that, I just wanted to do a show.
We'll talk about that. I'm sure in whatever else is going on like we always do.
But in terms of like just changing the whole show and turning it all around, maybe we'll take some calls.
No, if we wanted to take calls, we couldn't do it anyway. I have an idea. Yes, what's that?
It's traditional to have a moment of silence. How about four hours? I'm just going to stay.
Oh, I'm way ahead, mister. Like I said, our new philosophy here on QAM from at least from 9am till 7pm,
Neil, the mad dog and the Humper. We have a new philosophy, work as little as possible and make as much money as possible.
And it's working like a charm. Yeah. I mean, and do the show out of town as much as possible too.
Avoid that place. Avoid that joint because there's something in that place that, you know, there's something in the year.
Not to mention some people in the year and in the hallway, you know, the rats in my room like Jerry Reynolds said,
rats in the hallways. Anyway, here's our poll question today.
What do you think is going to happen this year on 9-11?
Another terrorist attack? Nothing unusual or I have no idea.
Isn't that great? Sounds great. I don't think there are any other choices.
Is that no idea? Sounds like a little bit of a cop out though.
Well, they always have to have an outlet. I know that there are many, many wishes.
Well, maybe there, and no, it's not a question of having no opinion. I have no idea. In other words,
well, how do I know? In fact, I don't think it's a bad answer.
Do you know how do you spell, do you know what's going to happen next Wednesday?
No. The calendar will change. I see.
And chickens still won't be able to pee and we'll be here probably unless we're sick or something.
By the way, I'm allergic to chocolate. I got a great book. Let me read the thing again for Eric.
Thank you, by the way, Eric, for such a spectacularly quick response.
And the fact he was able to do what that fast convinces me at Surge's fault, it's my fault.
What do you think is going to happen this year on 9-11? Another terrorist attack?
Nothing unusual or I have no idea. In other words, like you said,
like that. I don't think that's a bad answer.
I don't have any idea. I don't have any idea. In fact, I'm dead. Maybe my vote. I don't know
why I know. But of course, most people, even if they don't know, they'll, they have an opinion.
I know what's going to happen. There won't be much good TV to watch.
Oh, yeah, there will because I have digital cable. I'll be able to do some of you.
In fact, it'll be appropriate for that day because maybe I'll sit around or watch scream.
Right. Scream TV with all these cool handles or something good like that.
But channels got good stuff. Some good cornball stuff. And they won't be talking about 9-11 or
terrorist attacks or the World Trade Center collapsing right at those grotesque, horrible things.
I'm not saying we need to, you know, stick our heads in the sand. But I think we've had many,
many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many good reminders. Don't you? Many, many, many, many.
Oh, yeah. Maybe a few too many. Anyway, I got a great book for you. Now, you don't want to read it
because you're not into a health. You're like, you like French fries. Right. And of course,
I'm not in health either if I were. I wouldn't look like this. Although I will say this,
remember a couple of years ago, Dr. Dick, there was the, the blood testing guy who's a big fan of mine,
whatever that lab is. They had that new test where they test like 80s, in different aspects.
They're really comprehensive. It's very expensive. And did it for me for free, which is the only
reason I let them do it. You think I'm going to play like hundreds of thousands of bucks for a blood test?
Oh, I don't think so. Plus, being in radio, we're big on pre-b's. So anyway, they did the whole thing
and come to find out that I had like a 90 some percent. It was like your immune
factor. I don't know. I don't know the X factor.
Well, your immune system and the whole thing and it broke it down by calcium and by this.
But and I had like a 98 percent. I mean, the score was almost perfect. And they didn't just
flood you, if I can say that. I mean, it was like for the real thing, you know, from the lab,
which is shocking when you consider that I'm an old diabetic and fat and was eating chocolate
yesterday. I'm allergic to chocolate. And in this book that I'm going to recommend,
and if I forget to do it, this book is almost the story of my life. Either it's very complex and
there's a lot of stuff in here that's very, you know, but nevertheless, intestinal flora
imbalances. I've got yeast, man. I probably have enough yeast in my body to like build, to open
up a pizza joint, right? Right on. Don't they use yeast to make the dough rise? And I'm allergic to
yeast, by the way. And my body is full of it. Anyway, the most common symptoms of yeast overgrowth
in your body are gas, bloating, and cravings for sugar and chocolate. That's me. Hey, gas,
like in an elevator a week ago Monday, bloating, take a look at me, and cravings for sugar and
chocolate. That's me. So I got to get rid of the, I got to get my ass to the office. I've got the
book, I guess I probably better tell the name of the book. Maybe Eric will want to put this on
there too, eh? And I don't know if we'll find this in the US because it's a here. It's printed by
Goodwin books limited North Vancouver BC Canada. But I should have sent it. Make a different
should it? No. The name of the book is a paperback, big heavy one too. It's like 700 pages. Eating
alive to, so obviously there was an eating alive one, eating alive to by Dr. John Matson, MATSEN.
Dr. Oh, that's J-O-N-N. Dr. John Matson, N-D. What does N-D stand for?
Doctor of naturopathy, I guess what that stands for. In other words, he's down to N-D.
Okay. That means he's already way ahead of the book of my as far as I'm concerned.
Eating alive to Dr. John J-O-N-N, MATSEN, N-D. Pretty interesting crap. Also some stuff that's
pretty complicated. So you just forget about that stuff. 12 minutes after night and don't eat
french fries. I'm begging you, don't eat french fries. I don't care what McDonald's tells you.
Don't eat fries, don't eat fried foods, don't eat all of that crap, don't eat chocolate. Remember
that scene in Faso? Crispy hash. Do not eat this, do not eat gruel, do not eat bananas.
Remember the old bag in the doctor's office? I remember. You remember that? Of course I remember it.
Hello? Yeah, what's wrong? Oh, there you are. You know what I actually did there?
You shut me up. I shut you off for some more. The book is a big, heavy buy. I love what I do that.
You're on the large table. I love when I do that, because you know, you every time I pause or reach
for something, hey, are you still there? So this was in me where anyway, do you remember that scene
with the old bag? Of course I did. Well, you were probably saying that anyway. 913 at 560 WQM
happy Friday to a happy new year, happy goyish or holidays, whatever, whatever you're celebrating.
Happy you, I'm kidding. I'm sorry, that's next weekend, it's not happy. Hey, I want to tell you
something. My good buddy Skippy was in there today and he promises me some new copy for Oldio Med.
And why am I going to be excited about that? It's a great product. The only problem is that Brian
Schmutz, you know, when he left us, when he abandoned us, and went to... I want to give you a kiss.
When he went over there, after he went to work for his family for about five minutes, he just
kind of left me holding the sack. And then that sack was a whole bunch of Oldio Med. I'll remember
we opened up the Oldio Med when I was there. Yes. And there were a bunch of bobblehead dolls. I guess
I shouldn't have that. There were yours. It was Larry Coker bobblehead dolls. Sorry, Beast, why
did you guys know sports shows grow up? Anyway, Oldio Med is a great product speaking of your health
that's a soft-yellow capsule that contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and
minerals and herbals. And it got a separate product from moh health in each different part of
your body. There's one for your prostate, for your heart, your blood pressure, your cholesterol,
your circulatory system, your digestive system, your endocrine system, your skin, your bones,
even your mind, your mind. All using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil, the best
that you'll find anywhere. And of course, because it's in a capsule that's high potency,
it doesn't oxidize. And Oldio Med's got great products for men and ladies as well. Picks them up
today. It's all over town because more and more people are poppin' it and the capsules too.
Picks them up at Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Neveral Pharmacy in Sennanos. If you want more
information about Oldio Med, you can call their toll free number and ask away at 1-866-Oliomed.
1-866-Oliomed. And don't forget you can order their products on their world-famous website,
oleomedamerica.com.
I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if his tongue was notarized. We're ranting on few.
What are you looking for? I'm looking for an radical station. Why a radical?
You have a kid. I'm just won't fill up away from a cow-eat-bid-mafooge-bobble-head doll.
Your a-rabbicoat dealer wants you to know that we're your eternal friends.
Just fill your tank with a-rabbicoat and get a 9-11 commemorative-bobble-head doll for only
9-95. You'll get a George W. Dick Cheney, Conley Bin-Mafooz, and Token Negro Condoleez arise.
All come with a complimentary cardboard-folded diorama of Ground Zero.
Kids will love placing a bubble-head doll on top of where the buildings fell.
I plant diorama sold separately. Collect the entire Carlisle group.
Improve your car's performance with a-rabbicoat and put a saudi terrorist in your tank.
Seeing right up until now, I always thought it was current Thomas was the Token Negro,
but what do I know? 9-18 at 560 WQA-M. Now this book that I'm recommending, I do want to
caution you ahead of time that the dietary part of the foods he recommends in the seaweed-
well, it's not quite that extreme, but you're not going to go to that extreme. Most of you.
But nevertheless, the book is outstanding in terms of the information, and you'll read some of
the stuff you'll say, oh my god, that's me. That is me. And then you look at the mirror and you say,
that's me and you say, oh my god, again. Keep saying, can I just read one thing here?
Because I don't want to discourage you from eating french fries if you like them, but you're not
going to. I should. What have you got some kind of a death wish?
Matter of fact, several commercial processing methods will turn good fats into killer fats.
The main, the three main ones are these. I'm not going to read all three. Well, it goes into
thing about frying. Oh, hydrogen is a hydrogenation. This process turns liquid oils into cheap,
spreadables, shelf stable fats. During the process, the essential fatty acids and others are twisted
in the molecules called trans fatty acids. Have we heard that on the show before? Yes, of course.
That have never existed in the forms of president margarine, shortening, shortening oils.
I'm a lot of shortening. Remember that song? Shortening breath.
And it's almost as good as aquarimus and bluebird on my shoulder. I can't stop singing that now.
Partially hydrogenated vegetable oils and vegetable shortening research on trans fatty acid shows a
wide range of detrimental side effects. You want to hear the side effects? Okay. Trans fatty acids.
And by the way, frying fried fats cause cancer and hardening of the arteries. When we fry food,
we burn it. We change the chemistry of the oral molecules when smoke develops.
These, well, I'm just telling you. Anyway, the side effects of trans fatty acids.
They raise the level of LPA, the strongest known risk of cardiovascular disease, heart disease.
They change the way our immune system works. They decrease testosterone, increase abnormal sperm,
and interfere with pregnancy and animals. They correlate with low birth weight and human babies.
They lower the quality of human breast milk. They interfere with liver enzymes necessary for detoxification.
They change the fluidity of cell membranes, making them harder, slowing down their reactions,
lowering cell vitality, making the cell membranes more leaky, changing their permeability.
They change the way our fat cells work. They make platelets more sticky. They increase cholesterol,
increase LDL, the bad and lower the HDL, the good. They interfere with functions of the essential fatty
acids, which we require to be healthy. Other than that, they're pretty good trans fatty acids.
They miss one. What is that? They make everything delicious. They're in breads, candies, cakes, cookies,
granola bars, crackers, digestive biscuits, pancake mixes, breakfast cereals, instant soups,
chocolate bars, desserts, fruit cakes, chips, convenience and junk foods,
peanuts and peanut butter, even in croutons.
The law prohibits trans fatty acids from being used in baby foods. Are they not quite telling us
something? How do you like that? Do you want to know why? It probably would kill them.
Anyway, we'll thanks the rich factor again, even though we sent me that little teeny tiny.
You know something? The fact that he did send me that teeny tiny thing brought more of it to my
attention. The Molly Irvings column. From yesterday, see it was probably by design. That's right.
Thank you, right. You're a good guy. No mad boy Paul Harvey Jr says because we know Paul.
Well, George says Paul Harvey Jr.'s an asshole. But anyway, Cheney unqualified a champion war in
Iraq by Molly Irvings. Of course, he was the author of that book, Shrub, the short but happy
political life of George W. Bush, which we have promoted on our great website, which wasn't so great
yesterday, but it's a lot better today. And so anyway, I thought that column was so good that I'm
going to read it again today, not right now, but a little bit later. I thought it was, huh?
Please, I thought it was staggering. I thought it was just enough to make the hair grow on
your rein as chilling. Trespass, a alert, shots, chemical depot, tool, Utah. Am I saying that right?
Because they were talking about it yesterday, but I never heard them pronounce the sound.
An apparent intruder spotted an army depot where chemical weapons are stored, never got close to
the air, were nerve gas and other chemicals are kept official said. This should be a surest
as we get close to 9-11. Terrorist alert was sounded yesterday, but Colonel Peter Cooper, commander
of the desert chemical depot or Desiree. I thought that said desert. Desiree chemical depot said
the security of the depot was never at risk. Normal operations were resumed this morning.
Well, let's see, it's only 6-22 in the morning out there, but I bet they're working on it right
now. They're getting the gas going. At this time, we cannot confirm an intruder Cooper said,
yes, today we're not sure if it was an employee who was not in the right area. The person fled
after being spotted within the heavily guarded perimeter by four soldiers during two separate
patrols Cooper said. Well, you wouldn't think that was just probably some employee who wanted
the wrong area, but when they saw him, he just said he ran away. Yeah. In Washington, a senior
administration official speaking, of course, on condition of anonymity, said there was no
evidence that anything was still under that terrorism was involved. The apparent trespassure
dressed in dark clothing was cited within a fence area between the stored chemicals and the
outer perimeter authorities be saying. Sheriff's deputy set up a roadblock around the depot after
the alarm sounded at 9.24 yesterday morning, there are time. And state law officers combed the
grounds in the night before calling up their search for the possible intruder. In other words, they never
found them. Huh. Kind of like the people that slipped through security, you know, and they never
find them or somebody's bag is gotten they never find who's in it. The depot, which is about 45
miles southwest of Salt Lake City, and covers 19,000 acres, and mostly Baron Wind Sweb Desert,
has been destroying a stockpile of deadly chemicals. They've been since 1996. They've been doing it.
Earlier this year, it finished destroying the largest stockpile of seren nerve gas in the US.
It's scheduled to destroy 1,300 tons of VX, a more toxic, but less volatile nerve age,
and 1,600 tons of mustard gas, a blistered agent that can dissolve tissue on contact,
the same kind of Sodom used as own people, by the way, and the Kurds. Yes. I just mentioned that
in passing. Our good buddy Sodom, which I have a piece. Oh, man. So much stuff and so little time.
I'm going to have to save it for a little bit later. Remember I told you about before the
shoulder, this is a scoop from a scoop. And it's called what? I'm just stalling here until I find
the goddamn thing. That's all right. Where the hell is there it is. No, that's not it. That's
General Ashcrofty Tension Camp. Sorry. LSU fires Hatfield's boss. Still haven't found the goddamn
thing. Troubling new face in America by Jimmy Carter. How do you like that? I was ripping him the
other day and he writes a great column. Just like Eric with our website, you know, I was ripping him
and asked this a big fat ass. It's my fault. I can't I can't even find the damn thing from a scoop.
You know what? What the hell is it? Oh, here it is. How the US arms Sodom who's staying with chemical
weapons by Norm Dixon. Oh, that's great. We'll get to it shortly. A lot of good stuff, not a whole
lot of time, although we're not talking too much of course about football. That's the problem on
the show. Hey, by the way, Wanky's got a broken foot. Do you remember that day? What day? It was last
was it last year? I don't remember when to play for FSU because I don't pay any attention to that
crap. We were doing a show. We're involved in whatever the conversation was back in the horrible
days when we took calls on the show and out of left field, this punk kid calls in. Wanky's got a
broken foot because the hurricane FSU game was coming up. The hurricane's in FSU. The the
nobles. No, I don't remember that. Chris Wanky had a broken foot and this kid was like so breathlessly
like we gave a crap about that on this show. We don't care about sports nerds. Okay. It couldn't
care less. Anyway, Senator proves plan to arm commercial pilots, even though George don't like it.
Oh no, I like it fine. Oh, I thought you said yesterday you didn't like it. I was
toying with the idea. I thought that they were going to waffle a little bit now.
I think I don't think they're going to do it for either. They have trans fatty acids.
Like anyway, the Senate voted overwhelmingly yesterday to allow commercial pilots to carry weapons
into the cockpit after the Bush administration dropped its opposition to the idea. The administration
though said a number of safety and logistical issues needed to be resolved in order to two senators,
the White House recommended giving pilots lock boxes. Oh, thank God for our gore. Lock boxes
for the weapons so they won't be left in the cockpit. It also said only pilots who volunteered to
carry weapons and receive extensive training should be armed and they are absolutely correct of course.
Atka Aiken, a pilot speaking for the 14,000-pilot remember union representing American
Airlines pilots, which supports arming pilots. Send the 87 to 6 vote method Senate recognized that
all the security layers the administration is putting into place are still inadequate. The people
who need the weapons as a last line of defense are the pilots he be saying they're the only ones
they're trying to keep the gun from he said adding that thousands of state and federal
law enforcement officers travel on planes while armed. Until the early 1960s federal regulations
required pilots to carry guns when they flew plane carrying US mail aid can set. The heads of 21
airlines which oppose the measure, send a letter to each senator Thursday saying they want to discuss
the idea of arming pilots of Congress and the administration. It must be noted however that while
we're spending literally billions of dollars to keep dangerous weapons off the aircraft,
they had even potentially producing thousands of deadly weapons into the system appears to be
dangerously counterproductive letters set. To address some of the airline's concerns the administration
suggested a detailed effective training program be designed from scratch and tested before an
estimated 85,000 pilots are before they were allowed to carry weapons. The administration also
won the cost to be significant $900 million to start and $250 million annually thereafter and
said there is no money now in the TSA budget together with the expenses but maybe if we saw a lot
more gas and a lot more oil we can work it out somehow you think? No. So when in doubt gas it up
right now. Let's see now it's a guy's got a list of the senators who voted against it.
A John Corsi, Democrat of New Jersey, James DeFrance, Independent of Vermont, Arlen Specter,
he of the Magic Bullet Theory, Republican of Pennsylvania, Teddy Kennedy, Jack Reed, Democrat
of Rhode Island, Lincoln Chafee, Republican of Rhode Island, not voting were senators Daniel
O'Caca, Democrat of Hawaii, Joe Biden of Delaware who's busy changing his name. Former baseball
pitcher Jim Bunning Republican of Kentucky is probably worried about the baseball settlement and
it's all it's signed it's done Jim Daskanda. John incident of Nevada Tom Harkin of Iowa and Jesse
Helmson Robert Torsillic. That is surprisingly Jesse Helms voting for it? That does surprise it.
Oh no he didn't vote. He be ill in. 927 at 560 WDQM Gary Sarner by the way is an asshole that I
mentioned that yesterday I just mentioned that in passing now. VIP sportsbook.com is an
end that should sound very familiar to you because we've been telling you about them for a very
long time on this radio station and VIP sportsbook.com is the only sportsbook to be endorsed by all the
industry watchdog group since way back in 1996. Well it's not that far ago but it's six years
it's a fur piece. The casino Times News recent issue says you can look but you won't find a
better overall sportsbook then VIP sportsbook.com but maybe you're looking for more than just a
world class leading book that offers 24 hour VIP service and the safety of a leader. How about this?
How about the highest probably odds you'll ever find anywhere up to 2001 minimum bets of only
five bucks and free withdraws 24 hours a day and a 15% cash bonus added to your first deposit.
This isn't some jungle book located like an opalaka. This is Dutch based VIP sportsbook.com where
you're treated with class and your money is safe. Sign up online and get you a 15% cash bonus
added to your account or call them toll free 866 VIP bets. Be T. S. Easy to get started just go to
VIP sportsbook.com and don't forget when you do sign up online you'll get yourself that 15%
cash bonus. That's VIP sportsbook.com where you are the VIP.
Line and local. Here's sports video 560. You a you a yeah.
Friday you fast.
All righty man made one get into a
aeda money on
the
Speed
You're playing watchbooking
Or so cuttin' stupid
You put a back in of a pumpkin
What the f***?
Bush is a shawty butt f*** up
Bush is a shawty butt f*** up
Bush is a shawty butt f*** up
Bush is a shawty butt f*** up
Is that a hey-up-y?
Bush is a shawty butt f*** up
Bush is a shawty butt f***ing
Bush is a shawty butt f*** up
Bush is a shawty butt f*** up
Is that a shawty butt f*** up?
I'm 32 at 5.60 WQAM
See I always hesitate there because I'm never really sure what there's like one more little sound on his bits
Anyway, Jesuits to pay $7.5 million to two men who contended abuse
Oh right
Los Angeles, two mentally retarded men
You following that two mentally retarded men
who said they were sexually abused for years by Jesuits at a Northern California religious retreat
receive a total of $7.5 million in an out-of-court settlement
The settlement among the largest of its kind and the growing number of such cases as we well know
was reached on Wednesday after about a year of negotiations between the California province of the society of Jesus
and Laura's representing the two men who identified only by pseudonyms John and James Doe
The two men, John is 56 and James is now 51
and lived for nearly 30 years at the Sacred Heart Jesuit Center
which serves as a retirement home for some 60 preeths in Los Gatos California
both in work as dishwashers they're running about eight bucks an hour
Well, it's your more than you make
And a lot more than Carlos Chuck is making there, whatever his name is
How come you came up with that Chuck grant?
Because we have two Carlos' rules
And we don't want to confuse anybody thinking that it's Carlos with the 85 penis rings
Right
No amount of money will ever give them their life facts in Holly Ilse who owns a dress shop in Los Gatos
and file the suit on behalf of John Lysier and Santa Clara County Superior Court
But it'll give them enough money to live comfortably for their remaining years
According to the lawsuit the men were repeatedly subjected to over 30 years of Sodomy
molestation and false imprisonment the suit which was scheduled for trial October 15
It saw 10 million damages and they got seven in a half
Here's a great letter as whoever faxed this to me points out in the right
In the new times this week
From a guy named Prinsley, Master Gruey
Most of the year I can't read it in Homestead
Prinsley-Santa, Prinsley guy
It says it appears that Reverend Richard Bennett Jr.
has put his proverbial foot in his proverbial mouth
He states that he and some of his cult followers, yes religions are just cults but would laugh members
You're right
Lot of repeal the 1998 ordinance that added the word sexual orientation to the County's Human Rights Law
His ill-conceived logic is that homosexualists weren't born gay but rather chose that lifestyle
Well if that's the case then why is the word religion included in the very same ordinance that prohibits discrimination
Reverend Bennett you weren't born a Christian you chose that lifestyle
We were all human beings and each of us has chosen a particular lifestyle
Nobody should rightfully be able to discriminate against any other human being
Simply because the lifestyle here she has chosen period
And who's to say that Jesus wasn't gay
After all he was never married and some artists' conceptions of him to pick them wearing
What could be construed as a long white dress, longer than even what the footwear is now
I'm a heterosexual born-again agnostic male and I plan on voting no on September 10th
Which will be my personal way of saying screw you to the likes of Reverend Bennett
Take back mommy date's communication director, Eladio Jose Armisto
And all the other holier than thou assholes who inhabit this county
Nice letter, princely
Nice going baby
Just say no to a bigoted assholes in Dave County Tuesday and let's cut the crap get over with already
God, just rehashing the same old over and over and over again
Gonna have to find some new scapegoats, okay it's wearing pretty thin
Case of 13 and 14 year old brothers accused of killing their father heads to jury
It's reached ahead can we say that?
The case against 13 and 14 year old brothers accused of a deadly baseball bad attack on their fathers headed for the jury
Did you want to do the testimony?
No
Graphic details of the head coming open in the brain losing out by right about it
But I didn't see the testimony I read it in the yesterday stuff
Anyway can I get to this or not?
Okay no
Did I see you want to it's gory stuff we don't want gory stuff
How's our pool coming by the way speaking of gory because next Wednesday is the 11th
52 votes what do you think is going to happen this year on 9 11 next Wednesday nothing unusual 31
I have no idea 19 another terrorist attack only two
See?
Yeah
We have a whole bunch of superstitious paranoid maniacs in this audience you think we do?
The liberations are set to begin today in the first to be murder a trial of Alex and Derek King who face mandatory life in prison without parole convicted
And unusual twisted it's the second trial of the same killing I still don't understand how they can do this do you?
No
They've had the other trials already concluded the verdict is sealed and other Chinese it's it's like mix and match
But we'll try a whole bunch of people and see which ones we can get a conviction on and they could all get off
Right and then they'll say oh well nobody did it
It was suicide
Convicted child molester Ricky Chavisporty was also tried under a completely different theory of the crime that he wielded the aluminum bath
And killed Terry King the verdict reached last week in his trial will seal until the king brothers trial ends he faces the same sentence
Yes today prosecutor David Rimmer as jurors not to be swayed by anger with Chavis
You don't like Chavis Rimmer said nobody likes Chavis Chavis Chavis is the kind of guy everybody wants to hate what's lower than a child molester
Firefighters found the body of Terry King also fought in a recliner inside his burning home and the brothers confessed to police today after the slaying
The perinous a that Chavis was the real killer
But Rimmer said the boys were telling him truth the first time and that their confessions are filed with a kind of detail only someone who was there would have known
The fence lawyers contended that the boys confessed to protect Chavis and parroted what he had coached them to say they had included such gory details like you were referring to before as being able to see through the victims brain through a hole in his head
And the raspy sound of his last gasp and the raspy sound of his last gasp
Everyone in the courtroom can repeat those details that James Stokes Alice's lawyer the boys stories line up because the boys are reserved rehearsed
Boys changed their stories more than four months after the murder telling your grand jury that Chavis killed Terry King while the brothers hidden the trunk of his car the grand jury then indicted Chavis
Rimmer argued that Derek swung the valve while Alex urged him to commit the killing just as the brothers had originally confessed
Earlier yesterday Derek King took a witness to that oil and the tell circuit judge Frank Bell he would not testify in his own fence
Yes, sir, it was my decision he said in a clear strong voice. Yes, sir. It was my decision
His soft-broken brother testified Wednesday that the boys took the blame because they wanted a liberal Chavis
They had told them they would be exonerated by claiming self-defense because they're juveniles both boys testified against Chavis last week
Sharon Potter, one of Derek King's lawyers said in her closing argument that the boys had no motive to kill their father but that Chavis did
She said Chavis wanted to keep Terry King from finding out it was having sex with Alex
Rimmer said the boys motive was to escape a controlling father in the woods Chavis will allow the boys to play video games
They play watching TV and smoke wicked weed when they went to his house and running away from home 10-80 for the killing
He also pointed to Alex's affection for Davis reading from several love letters he'd written including one that ended before I met Rick I was straight but now I am gay
How do you like that, huh?
Man, the Zarr
Very strange time
I still don't understand
Last night on MSNBC they had Alan Dushiewicz debating some bitch on this
Yes
And I still have no idea what they were saying
Pop up and they were screaming and talking at the same time
That's what they love
See the host of those shows I think it was Chris Matthews who was hard at a softball
They always pretend that they're trying to like referee it and don't get them to talk at the same time
But they love that when they start shouting and they're shouting over each other
And they get like the you can see the veins getting ready to pop out of their neck
Kind of like most Veracos veins
Anyway, it's 21 till 10 at 5 60 WQM on a great Friday
And you know another great thing about not taking calls is I'm thinking that this right now this next several days
This every year was one of the worst times
Sure, the dead and trying to invigate for calls the dead zone because it was the
Juzone
Not that we have that big of a Jewish audience out there but I think even the Williams celebrate the Jewish holiday
See I celebrate New Year January 1 I don't know about you
But at any rate Roger Shotto and you know I'm Kipper and they're doing this
And you know nobody had time to call us so we don't care no call us because we'll call you or not
Hey, if you love your home
But you're looking to have more space because you've got stuff coming up in your life. What do you do?
Do what hundreds of other people are doing right now hundreds of smart people and call strictly additions
Whether you're having a baby and needing out the room if you're converting your car porter patty when living space
If you're going into business for yourself and want to make a home office call strictly additions
They're your one stop shop more space for your place place with an absolutely
Worry free approach to expanding your living space those no shows by the contractors that you've experienced in the past and going to happen
In complete work no chance no one expected bills no worries about the job not getting done right and
Strictly additions take care of every detail they drop your blueprints they get the building permits handle all the inspections
Strictly additions have got an easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction
First of all they call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment at your home where a project has to be able to determine the scope of your addition
Number two they schedule a bid appointment in their convenience room where they get a detailed proposal and an exact price for your work
Number three select your finishing touches go to contract number four reviewed the design architectural drawings
And then number five sit back on your lazy fat ass and relaxes your dream addition moves ahead on schedule with the unbeatable quality
It's a piece of cake. It's as easy as falling off the log so it gives strictly additions are called the day at 9.5.4.7.9.1.8.100
That's 9.5.4.7.9.1.8.100 check out the rad in the other pages if you like their license and insurance professionals who do sensational work
9.5.4.7.9.1.8.100 and be sure and tell them that PD Lenny and Fatal Neal told you to call my life and look all this is 4.5.60.8.1.8.
At the honey tune yet
I
Got a
big
big
I got a
big
I got a
big
big
big
big
big
big
big
who's seen as a murderous dictator is somewhere between bad taste and
flaming hypocrisy.
When Cheney was CEO of the oil field supply firm Haliburton, the company did
$23.8 million in business with who's saying the evil doer prepared to share
his weapons of mass destruction with terrorists.
So who's seen as the world's worst leader, how come Cheney sold him the equipment
to get his dilapidated oil fields up and running so we could afford to build
weapons of mass destruction?
In 1998, the UN passed a resolution allowing a rack to buy spare parts for
its oil fields, but other sanctions remained in place and the U.S. has
consistently pressured the UN to stop exports of medicine and other needed
supplies in the grounds that they could have dual use.
As the former Secretary of Defense and the President pushed the elder,
Cheney was in a particularly vulnerable position on the hypocrisy of doing
business with a rack.
Although in 1991 after the Gulf War, he told a group of oil industry executives
that it was emphatically against trying to topple who's saying.
Using two subsidiaries, Dresser Reign and Ingersoll Dresser, Haliburton helped
rebuild who's saying's war damage oil fields.
They combined value of these contracts for parts and equimos
greater than that of any other American company doing business with a rack.
Companies including Schlumberger, Flo Sir, Fisher Rosemont, General Electric.
They acted through foreign subsidiaries or associated companies in France, Belgium,
Germany, India, Switzerland, Bahrain, Egypt, and the Netherlands.
In several cases, it's clear that the European companies did no more than loan
their names to American firms for the purpose of dealing with who's saying.
Iraq then became America's second largest Middle Eastern oil supplier.
This story was initially reported by the Financial Times of London more than
two years ago and has since been more extensively reported in the European press.
But if we've seen with the case of Harkin Energy and many other stories,
there's a difference between a story having been reported and having attention being paid to
a distinction many journalists have troubles with.
Thus the administration was able to dismiss the new information on shady
demons at Harkin as old news because not much attention was ever paid when the old news was new news.
When Cheney left Haliburton, he received $34 million severance package
despite the fact that the single biggest deal of his five-year career there,
the acquisition of Dresser Industries turned out to be a huge blunder
because the company came saddled with his bestest liability.
On the campaign trail, Cheney often claimed he'd been out in the private sector creating jobs.
The first thing he did after the Dresser merger was layoff 10,000 people.
Haliburton, America's number one oil services company is the nation's
fifth largest military contractor and the biggest non-union employer in the entire country.
It employs more than 100,000 workers worldwide and does more than $15 billion a year.
Haliburton under Cheney dealt with several brutal dictatorships including the
despicable government of Burma. The company also played questionable roles in Algeria and
Gola, Bosnia, Croatia, Haiti, Somodian and Indonesia. Haliburton also had dealings with Iran and
Libya both on the State Department's list of terrorist states. Haliburton's subsidiary Brown
and Root, the old Texas construction firm that does much business with the US military,
was fined $3.8 million for re-exporting goods to Libya in violation of US sanctions.
If you want to know why the Democrats didn't jump over or this story make a big deal out of it,
it's because as usual Democrats are involved in similar dealings. Former CIA director John
Duich is on the border of Shumburgay, the second largest oil services firm after Haliburton,
which is also doing business with a ractor subsidiaries. Americans have long been aware that
corporate money is consistently corrupted domestic policy in favor of corporate interest and
that both parties are enthralled to huge corporate campaign donors. We are less accustomed to
connecting the dots when it comes to foreign policy, but there is no more evidence that
corporations pay attention anything other than profits and their foreign dealings than they do
in their domestic deals. Enron, as usual, provides some textbook examples of just how indifferent
to human rights American companies can be. Haliburton's dealings in Nigeria and partnership
with Shell and Chevron provide just another example including gross human rights violations
and environmental abuses. No one is ever going to argue that Hussein is a good guy,
but Cheney is not the right man to make the case against him. I've never understood by the
Washington Press Corps can't remember anything for longer than 10 minutes, but hearing Cheney
denounce Hussein is truly, give us a break time right, Molly Ivins. It was in yesterday's hero.
L.A. Times says gang member killed two pack. Remember old two pack when it was a long time ago,
you know, it was like six years ago. In fact, it's six years ago, tomorrow,
out! Speaking of big anniversary, how come we don't have a big thing about two pack like we did
on Elvis? I don't know, why not? Maybe we will tomorrow. Los Angeles Times investigation
in the long-onsolved murder of two packs, Shakur concluded that the killer, his killer was a gang
member who used the pistol provided by Ravel Rapper, the notorious B.I.G. No arrested
and made in Shakur's death following the September 7, 1996 shooting near the Vegas strip.
The Times, which said it interviewed members of these soundside trips who had never
before spoken out about the killing, reported that the fatal shots were fired by a
crypt named Orlando Anderson. The big whom Shakur and his bodyguards had beaten in a Las Vegas
hotel hours before the shooting. The newspaper said B.I.G. had agreed to pay the gang a million
dollars to Kill Shakur, his rival and a feud between East Coast and West Coast rappers.
Oh, every time I hear that, it just, it makes me, I don't think monogag, makes me laugh.
It makes me sick. It makes me think of every ugly stereotype about black people that
anybody has ever heard of in their lives. The 24-year-old B.I.G., whose real name was Christopher Wallace,
was shot to that six-month later, Los Angeles, a killing that also remains unsolved. Anderson,
21 of Compton, was killed in 1998 in an unrelated gang shooting. Anderson and Wallace had both
denied involvement in Shakur's murder. Los Vegas police interviewed Anderson once, but said they
couldn't build a case against him because witnesses in Shakur's outer wash weren't cooperating.
A police spokesman did not immediately return a call for comment yesterday. He's with Greg,
he's not returning calls. Shakur was riding in a car with death row records co-founder Mary and
Surge Knight after attending a Mike Tyson fight when another car pulled alongside and somebody inside
open fire. According to the Times Reconstructive the killing based on police,
Staff of David's Court records, interviews with witnesses and investigators, the
crypts approached Wallace and hopes of making money from the killing after they'd already decided
to carry it out to avenge the beating. Wallace and Shakur once close friends have been
feuding for more than a year and had exchanged insults and recordings at concerts and awards shows.
According to the Times, Shakur and his honor arrived to jump to Anderson to avenge an earlier
beating of one of Shakur's bodyguards at a shopping mall. The assault was captured on a hotel
security camera. They hit us, we hit him back. Anderson took on a decline to file a complaint
instead the Times said he telephoned other crypts and set up a meeting at a hotel rumor that
this side of the kill shack or that night. The game then set up a meeting with B.I.G who was in
town asked for a million dollars. According to people who said they were present. The newspaper
said B.I.G agreed on the condition as a 40 caliber pistol he was carrying be used in the killing.
He wanted the satisfaction of knowing his own gun fired the fatal bullets the Times said.
Since the shooting rumors of Archie Kruz killing were contingent spread among hip hop fans,
some even contend that he faked his own death to escape the pressures of fame and troubles with
the law. Just like Elvis, faked his own death, right? Three days before his own murder on March 9,
1997, Wallace discussed his feud with Shakur in an interview with a San Francisco radio station.
After he had a role in Shakur's death, Wallace said he wasn't that powerful. Yeah, and I guess he
isn't now either because he's still dead. There you go. The East Coast rappers against the
West Coast rappers. That's just I'm telling you. It just sends me. It just sends me right to the
magic bull. Sources say Baghdad may be years for making a device to CNN. US sources with
knowledge of Iraq's military capability said they're unaware of new information about the Baghdad
government's efforts to develop nuclear weapons, but added that US intelligence may be reassessing
that threat. President Bush headed Wednesday that the urgency behind recent calls for a regime
change in Iraq are based on signs that Iraqi leaders Saddam Hussein is not make good on promises
to disarm and this is about weapons of mass destruction. Assurance is dating back to the end of
Jordan. President Bush won. Bush, some in top lawmakers to the White House went, they told them he
would seek approval from Congress at the appropriate time on what to do about Saddam. The Bush
administration secured the Iraqi leader from asking weapons of mass destruction violation of UN
resolution ending the Gulf War. Sources said they would not rule out the possibility that the White
House may ask for a new assessment of any Iraqi nuclear threat. The latest assessment from the
CIA is believed to be the freshest analysis of Iraq's military resources and initially distributed
to the White House and members of Congress and released public in January. The report refers to
several weapon systems and equipment considered threat, including Iraqi drones or pilotless planes
that could be used to deliver biological or chemical agents. The CIA described them as refurbished
trainer aircraft that are believed to have been modified for delivery of chemical or more likely
biological warfare agents, but US officials in January said that the drones would not be especially
affected because of problems delivering such agents. One source suggested Saddam is kidding himself
if he expects to kill large numbers of people using planes, those planes for chemical or biological
warfare. Let me say it again, the headlines says sources say Baghdad may be years for making a device.
But we're in a hurry and you want to hear another story that proved that we're in a hurry?
Okay, good. It's from CBS News. Plans for Iraq attacked again on 9-11. CBS News has learned that
barely five hours after American Airlines flight 77 plotted into the Pentagon, the defense secretary
Donald H. Rumsfeld was telling his aides to come up with plans for striking Iraq, even though there
was no evidence linking Saddam Hussein to the attacks. That's according to notes taken by AIDs
who were with Rumsfeld in the National Military Command Center on 9-11. Notes that show exactly
where the road toward war with Iraq began report CBS News National Security correspondent David Martin.
At 9.53 a.m. on 9-11 last year, just 15 minutes after the hijack plane hit the Pentagon,
and while Rumsfeld was still outside helping with the injured, the National Security Agency,
which monitors communications worldwide, intercepted a phone call from one of Osama Bin Laden's
operatives in Afghanistan to a phone number in the former Soviet Republic of Georgia. The caller
said he had heard good news and that another target was still to come, and in the case he knew
another airline of the woman eventually crashed in Pennsylvania was at their very moment,
zeroing in on Washington. It was 12.05 p.m. and the director of Central Intelligence told Rumsfeld
about the intercepted conversation. Rumsfeld felt it was vague that it might not mean something
that there was no good basis for hanging hat. In other words, the evidence wasn't clear-cut
enough to justify military action against Bin Laden. But later that afternoon, the CIA reported
the passenger manifest for the hijack airliner show three of the hijackers were suspected
al-Qaeda operatives. One guy's associate of coal bomber, the notes say, reference to the October
2000 suicide vote attack on the USS coal in Yemen, which had also been the work of Bin Laden.
With the intelligence all pointing toward Bin Laden, Rumsfeld ordered the military to begin
working on strike plans, and at 2.40 p.m., the notes quoted Rumsfeld as saying he wanted the
best info fast. Judge whether good enough hit SH, meaning Saddam Hussein at the same time,
not only UBL meaning with some of Bin Laden. Now, nearly a year later, there still very
little evidence Iraq was involved in nine-loven attacks, but if these notes are accurate,
that didn't matter to Rumsfeld. To all massive, the notes quoted him as saying, sweep it all up,
things related and not related. Not that he's a madman, but we just mentioned that in passing.
I'm 56 at 560 WQM, the lights of West Bokers speaking to losing weight, speaking of fat, speaking
of unhealthy people. The lights is the only store that I know that's devoted entirely to helping
you lose your weight with low carbohydrate and no carbohydrate foods. It's your official
Actions retail center, and they want to remind you that all Actions brand products are 25%
off at Delights today and tomorrow and next Sookas and every day. Delights curious, the
complete line of Actions diet products as well as over 500 delicious low-carbon sugar-free foods.
As reported recently in the New York Times, CNN, Dateline NBC, CBS News,
Time, Newsweek, US News, and World Report, the Actions diet continues to be one of
the most popular and successful diets. Low-carb dieting finally has received the
respective deserve and delight to West Bokers been the leader in low-carb sugar-free dieting for
years and years now. Over 100,000 of their customers will testify there's no better store,
there's no real competition, and Delights will not be under sold. Don't forget when you go
in to Delights, you can sample a little of this, a little of that before you buy it too. Delights
friendly and knowledgeable staff will walk you through the store points in the right direction,
and cheer you on as you turn it like a slim living and breathing human being. Don't forget there's
only one Delights of West Bokers open seven days a week till 10 p.m. You can find them on the northeast
corner of Glades Road in 441 in Boka. Call 1-877 Low-Carb or check them out on the web if you
like at lowcarb.com. Don't forget that's Delights of West Boka, your official Actions diet retail center.
So I'm gay and that is all where people say those nasty nasty things they do. It's because I'm gay and that is all.
It's just something they can't approve. Swimming stream is dressed up all in dry. It's so sad,
they're the ones that make up all the bad. Also bad, we're just living that the way we want to.
It's because I'm gay and that is all. It's why they say those nasty things they do. It's because I'm gay and
that is all but it could be so hard inside you. Oh yeah, so so hard inside you.
Welcome 10-1-550 W-Q-M happy Friday to a happy Jewish New Year, etc. and so on. Why do I keep
saying that? I don't know. I don't celebrate these holidays. It's well there are some people out there
that you know it's tradition. You know why do I do it it's tradition. Happy New Year.
Jeffy New Year man. This is from scoop.com and the article is written by Norm Dixon who writes
for the Green Left Weekly Australia's Radical Newspaper and you would tell me that you've checked out
articles on scoop. Long time ago, yeah somebody told me about it. It's pretty interesting. There are
a lot of great websites out there. Anyway this is long. Can I, it's eight pages. Okay, eight long but
you know something it's pretty interesting. How the US arms Saddam Hussein with chemical weapons.
On August 18th, the New York Times carried a front page story headline official say US
aided Iraq despite the use of gas. According anonymous US senior military officers the New York
Times revealed that in the 1980s the administration of US President Ronald Reagan covertly provided
critical battle planning assistance at the time when American intelligence knew that Iraqi commanders
would employ chemical weapons in waging the decisive battles of the Iran Iraq war. The story made
a brief splash in the international media and then died. While the August 18th, the New York Times
article added new details about the extent of US military collaboration with the Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein
during Iraq's 1980 to 88 war with Iran, it omitted the most outrageous aspect of the scandal.
Not only did Washington turn a blind eye to the Hussein regime's repeated use of chemical weapons
against Iranian soldiers and Iraq's Kurdish minorities, but the US helped Iraq develop its chemical
biological and nuclear weapons programs. Nor did the New York Times dwell on the extreme
cynicism and hypocrisy of the current US administration citing the same terrible atrocities
which were disregarded at the time by Washington and those same weapons programs which no longer
exist having been dismantled and destroyed in the decade following the 1991 Gulf War to justify
a massive new war against the people of Iraq which Iraq and just interject sounds awfully
familiar just like our coziness with a Taliban up until the year ago. A reader of the New York Times
article or the tens of thousands of other articles written after the latest war drive against
Iraq began in earnest soon after 9-11 would have looked in vain for the fact that many of the
US politicians and ruling class pundits demanding war against Hussein today in particular the most
velacose of the Bush administration's hawks, defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld were up to their
ears in Washington's efforts to cultivate, promote and excuse Hussein in the past. The New York
Times article read as the Washington's casual disregard about the use of chemical weapons by
Hussein's dictatorship throughout the 1980s and never been reported before. However, it was not
the first time that Iraq date as the scandal of US military and political support Hussein in the
80s had been dubbed has raised its embarrassing head in the corporate media only to be quickly buried
again. One of the more comprehensive and damning accounts of Iraq date was written by Douglas
France and Murray Was and published in February 23, 1992 LA Times headline, Bush's secret effort
helped Iraq build its war machine. The article reported that classified documents obtained by the
LA Times show, along secret pattern of personal efforts by George Bush senior both as president and
vice president to support and placate the Iraqi dictator. Even when you're sapphire the right
wing war-mongering New York Times columnist on December 7, 1992 felt compelled to write that
Iraq date is uniquely horrendous a scandal about the systematic abuse of power by misguided leaders
of three democratic nations the US Britain and Italy to secretly finance the arms build up of a
dictator. The background of Iraq date was the January 1979 popular uprising that overthrew the
Cravenly pro-US Shah of Iran the Iranian Revolution threatened US imperialism's domination of the
strategic oil rich region other than Israel Iran had long been Washington's key ally in the Middle
East. Washington immediately began to cast a offer waste to undermine or overthrow the Iranian
Revolution or make up for the loss of the Shah whose sands regime put up its hand on September 22,
1980 Iraq launched an invasion of Iran throughout the bloody eight-year-long war which cost at least
a million lives Washington backed Iraq. As the 1990 report prepared for the Pentagon by the
strategic studies incident to the US war college admitted throughout the Iran-Iraq war the United
States practiced a fairly benign policy toward Iraq Washington and Baghdad wanted to restore the
status quo anti that prevailed before the 1979 Iranian Revolution began threatening the regional
balance of power. Komeni's revolutionary appeal was anathema to both Baghdad and Washington
hence they wanted to get rid of him. United by a common interest the US began to actively assist
Iraq. At first as Iraqi forces seemed headed for victory over Iran US official policy was neutrality
in the conflict not only was Hussein doing Washington's dirty work in the war with Iran but the US
rulers believed that Iraq could be lured away from its close economic and military relationship with
the Soviet Union just as Egypt president Sedat had done in the 70s. In March of 1981 US Secretary of
State Alexander Hague I'm in charge here Hague excitedly told the Center for Relations Committee that
Iraq was concerned by the behavior of soy in parallelism in the Middle East region. The Soviet government
had refused to deliver arms to Iraq as long as Baghdad continued its military offensive against Iran.
Moscow was also unhappy with Hussein's vicious repression of the Iraqi Communist Party.
Washington's support in Akhublifli referred to as a tilt at the time for Iraq became more open
after Iran succeeded in driving Iraqi forces from its territory in May of 1982. In June Iraq went
on the offensive against Iraq. The US scrambled to stem Iraq's military setbacks Washington
had conservative Arab allies suddenly feared Iran might even defeat Iraq or at least cause the
collapse of Hussein's regime. Using its allies in the Middle East Washington funneled huge
supplies of arms to Iraq. Classified State Department cables uncovered by Washt discovered covert
transfers of how it serves helicopters bombs and other weapons to Baghdad in 1982 83 from Egypt
Saudi Arabia Jordan and Kuwait. Howard Tysher who wanted to Middle East policy at the US National
Security Council during the Reagan administration told the February 23rd 19 and 92 LA times there was
a conscious effort to encourage third countries to ship US arms. Iraq we essence shipments after
the fact it was a policy of nods and winks. According to Mark Pithian's 1997 book Arming Iraq
how the US and Britain security saw secretly built Sodom's war machine Northeastern University press
in 1983 as Italy's Prime Minister Juley O'Andriotti to channel arms to Iraq. The January 1st
1984 Washington Post reported that the US had informed friendly Persian Gulf nations that the
defeat of Iraq and the three of war with Iran would be contrary to US interests and has made several
moves to prevent that result. Central to these moves was the submitting of a military and political
alliance with Sodom Hussein's repressive regime so as to build up Iraq as a military counterweight to
Iran. In 1982 the Reagan administration removed Iraq from the State Department's list of countries
that allegedly supported terrorism. On December 19th and 20th 83 Reagan dispatched his Middle East
Onhu and on other than Donald Rumsfeld to Baghdad and where the had written offer of a resumption
diplomatic relations which have been severed during the 1967 Arab-Israel war on March 24th 1984
Rumsfeld was again in Baghdad. On that same day the U.P.I. wire service reported from the UN
mustard gas laced with a nerve agent has been used on Iranian soldiers a team of UN experts
has concluded meanwhile in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad US presidential envoy Donald Rumsfeld
held talks with foreign minister Terek Aziz. The day before Iran had accused Iraq of poisoning
600 of its soldiers with mustard gas and tabo nerve gas. There is no doubt that the U.S. government
knew Iraq was using chemical weapons. On March 5th 1984 the State Department had stated that the
available evidence indicates that Iraq has used lethal chemical weapons. The March 30 of 1984
New York Times reported that U.S. intelligence officials has what they believe in
controversial evidence that Iraq has used nerve gas in its war with Iran and has almost finished
extensive sites for mass producing the lethal chemical warfare agent. However consistent with the
pattern throughout the Iran-Iraq war and after the use of these internationally outlawed weapons
was not considered an important enough by Rumsfeld and his political superiors to hold Washington's
blossoming love affair with Hussein. The March 29th 1984 New York Times reporting on the aftermath
of Rumsfeld's talks in Baghdad stated that U.S. officials have pronounced themselves satisfied
with relations between Iraq and the U.S. and suggested normal diplomatic ties have been restored
in all but name. In November 1984 the U.S. and Iraq official restored diplomatic relations.
According to the Washington Post journalist Bob Woodward in a December 15th 1986 article the
CIA began to secretly supply Iraq with intelligence in 1984 that was used to calibrate mustard gas
attacks on Iranian troops. Beginning in early 1985 the CIA provided Iraq with data from sensitive
U.S. satellite reconnaissance photography to assist Iraqi bombing raids. Iraqi chemical attacks
on Iranian troops and U.S. assistance to Iraq continued throughout the Iran-Iraq war. In a parallel
program the U.S. defense department also provided intelligence and battle planning assistance
to Iraq. I'm going to stop there and do the break okay okay it's long but I think it's worthwhile
yes ten minutes after ten at five sixty WQM where we're always a real gas
hundred and eighteen votes on the pool today on your Ronshu's dot com what do you think is going to
happen this year on nine eleven nothing unusual seventy two I have no idea forty one and another
terrorist attack five you've heard me talk about becoming a high-paid computer professional many many
many times like probably a trillion times at least you've heard me talk about the large number of jobs
out there in this great new industry that are waiting for you the question is how do you find yourself
a great school that'll help you accomplish this and get in this field and start making some serious cash
there's only one school that's got four convenient locations all over the day in brown including
that spiffy brand new in and kindle there's only one school that's got certain how certified
Microsoft instructors convenient day evening and weekend classes for you to there's one school
that's got full-time placement department over thirty years experience and with a school you can
complete your program and get certified in just four short months this is real hands-on training
we're talking about at fast train that's right get off your butt pick up the phone call fast train
today get out of your dead end job and start finding yourself a real money making job in a real life
call fast train today tell me the old Neil torny to call one eight six six fast train or check
them out of the web if you look at fast train dot com
i get a local
this is five sixty
the radio's all yours
come
you
and
for a fair
shot of who say in the mother
fuck up
shot of who say in the mother
fuck up
alright
shot of who say in the mother
fuck up
you turn
shot of who say in the mother
fuck up
alright
the crappy little one
send
you
lost
my
I had a choice between reading some of these articles today or giving the TV cooking show schedule.
And I thought long and hard it was a tough call.
You know, you can find it.
I flipped the coin.
And it just turned out it just came out this way.
Anyway, it's picking up where I left off this article again.
You can find it on www.scoop.com by Norm Dixon,
how the US arms sit on Hussein with chemical weapons.
The August 17, 2002 New York Times reported that according to senior military officers
with direct knowledge of the program, even though senior officials of the Reagan administration
publicly condemned Iraq's employment of mustard gas, seren VX and other poisonous agents,
President Reagan, Vice President George Bush senior, and senior national security
agents never withdrew their support for the highly classified program in which more than
60 officers of the offense intelligence agency were secretly providing detailed information
on Iranian deployments, tactical planning for battles, plans for air strikes, and bomb
damage assessments for Iraq.
Retired DIA officer Rick Frank Kona told New York Times that Iraq's chemical weapons were
used in the war's final battle in early 1988 in which Iraq forces the Fowl Peninsula
from the Iranian Army.
Another retired DIA officer Walter Lang told the Times that the use of gas on the battlefield
by the Iraqis was not a matter of deep strategic concern.
What concerned the DIA, the CIA and the Reagan administration, was that Iran not break
through the Fowl Peninsula and spread the Islamic Revolution to Kuwait and Saudi Arabia.
Iraq's 1982 removal from Washington's official list of states that support terrorism meant
that the Hussein regime was now eligible for U.S. economic and military aid and was able
to purchase advanced U.S. technology that could also be used for military purposes.
Conventional military sales resumed in December of 1982.
In 1983, the Reagan administration approved the sale of 60 Hughes helicopters to Iraq in
1983 for civilian use.
However as Pithi pointed out, the Xerokraft could be weaponized within hours of delivery.
Then U.S. Secretary of State George Schultz and Commerce Secretary George Balridge also
lobbied for delivery of Bell helicopters equipped for crop spraying.
It's believed that U.S. supply choppers were used in the 1988 chemical attack on the
Kurdish village of Halabja which killed 5,000 people.
With the Reagan administration's connivance, Baghdad immediately embarked on a massive
militarization drive.
This U.S. endorsed military spending spray began even before Iraq was delisted as a terrorist
state when the U.S. Commerce Department approved the sale of Italian gas turbine engines
for Iraq's naval frigates.
Soon after the U.S. agriculture department's commodity credit corporation guaranteed to
repay loans in the event of defaults by Baghdad, banks had made it to Iraq to buy U.S.
grown commodities such as wheat and rice.
Under this scheme Iraq had three years to repay the loans and if it could not, U.S. taxpayers
would have to cop up the cash.
Washington offered this aid initially to prevent Hussein's overthrow by the Iraqi people
as they began to complain about the food shortages caused by the massive diversion of
hard currency for the purchase of weapons and ammunition.
The loan guarantees amounted to a massive U.S. subsidy that allowed Hussein to launch
his overt and covert arms buildup, one resulting that the Iranian-Rak War entered a bloody
five-year stalemate.
By the end of 1983, $402 million in agriculture department loan guarantees for Iraq were
approved.
In 1984, this increased to $500 million and reached $1.1 billion in 1988.
Between 1983 and 1990, CCC loan guarantees freed up more than $5 billion.
Some $2 billion in bad loans plus interest ended up having to be covered by the U.S. taxpayers.
A similar taxpayer fund, though a smaller-scale scam, operated under the auspices of the
federal export import bank.
In 1984, Vice President George Bush Sr., personally interviewed to ensure that the bank
guaranteed loans to Iraq of $500 million to build an oil pipeline.
Export import bank loan guarantees grew from $35 million in 1985 to $267 million by 1990.
According to William Blum, writing in the August 1998 issue of the Progressive, Sam
Gedstensen, Chair of the Personal Congressional Subcommittee, investigating U.S. exports to
Iraq, disclosed that from 1985 to 1990, the U.S. government approved 771 licenses, only
39 were rejected, for the export to a rack of $1.5 billion worth of biological agents
and high-tech equipment with military application.
The U.S. spent virtually an entire decade making sure that Saddam Hussein had almost whatever
he wanted.
U.S. export control policy was directed by U.S. foreign policy, as formulated by the State
Department and was U.S. foreign policy to assist the regime of Saddam Hussein.
In 1994, U.S. Senate report revealed that U.S. companies were licensed by the commercial
department, the Commerce Department, to export a witch's brew of biological and chemical
materials, including Vasilis Anthrakis, which causes anthrax and Postidium, how you say
that?
Postidium Vachulinism, whatever it is, the source of vachalism.
Okay.
Let me try it again.
Postidium Vachulinism.
Very good.
The source of vachalism.
Got it?
American Type Claw Culture Collection made 70 shipments of the anthrax bug and other pathogenic
agents.
The report also noted that U.S. exports to a rack included the precursors to chemical
warfare agents, plans for chemical and biological warfare facilities, and chemical warhead
filling equipment.
U.S. firm supplied advanced and specialized computers, lasers, testing and analyzing equipment
among the better known companies were Hewlett Packard, Unises, Dated General, and Honeywell.
Get the Honeywell, Jr.
millions of dollars worth of raw materials, machine-reant equipment, missile technology,
and other dual-new items also were supplied by West Germany, French, Italian, British,
Swiss, and Austrian corporations, with the approval of their governments.
German firms even sold a rack and tear factories capable of mass-producing poison gas, and
if anybody should know how to mass-produce poison gas, it's the good old trimmings.
Much of this was produced with funds freed by the U.S. CCC credits.
The destination to much of this equipment was sawed 16 near Mosul and Northern Iraq.
Washington Intelligence Agency said long known that the sprawling complex was a rack's
main ballistic missile development center.
Flum reported that Washington was fully aware of the likely use of this material.
In 1992, a U.S. Senate committee learned that the Commerce Department had deleted references
to military and use from information that sent to Congress about 68 export licenses worth
more than a billion dollars.
In 1986, U.S. Defense Department Deputy Nandor Secretary for Trade Security, Steve
Bryan, had objected the export of an advanced computer similar to those used in the U.S.
missile program to sawed 16 because of the high likelihood of military and use.
The state and Commerce Department approved the sale without conditions anyway.
In his book, The Death Lobby, How the West Armed Iraq, Kenneth Timmerman points out
that several U.S. agencies were supposed to review U.S. exports that may be detrimental
to U.S. national security.
However, the Commerce Department often did not submit exports to Sainz Iraq for review
or approved them despite objections from other government departments.
On March 16, 1988, Iraqi forces launched a poison gas attack on the Iraqi Kurdish village
of Halabja killing 5,000 people.
While that attack is today being touted by senior U.S. officials as one of the main reasons
why Hussein must now be taken out, at the time, Washington's response to the atrocity
was much more relaxed.
Just four months later, Washington stood by as the U.S.-Driant Vectel Corporation won
the contract to build a huge petrochemical plant that will give the Hussein regime the
capacity to generate chemical weapons.
On September 8, 1988, the U.S. Senate passed the Prevention of Genocide Act, which would
have imposed sanctions on the Hussein regime.
Immediately, the Reagan administration announced its opposition to the bill calling it premature.
The White House used its influence to stall the bill in the House of Representatives
when Congress did eventually pass the bill, the White House did not implement it.
Washington's political military and economic sweetheart deals with the Iraqi dictator came
even under more stress when in August 1989, FBI agents raided the Atlanta branch of
Rome-based Bakanatian Ali Delevoiro, BNL, and uncovered massive fraud involving the CCC
Longer and T-Skin and billions of dollars worth of unauthorized off-the-books loans to
Iraq.
BNL Atlanta manager Chris Drupal had used the CC program to underwrite programs that had
nothing new with agricultural exports.
Using this cover setup, Hussein's regime tried to buy the most hard-to-get components
for its nuclear weapons and missile programs on the black market.
Ross Baker, writing in the March, April 1993, Columbia Journalism Review noted, elements
of the U.S. government almost certainly knew that Drupal was funneling U.S. back loans
into dual-use technology and outright military technology.
The British government was fully aware of the operations of Matrix Churchill, a British
firm with an Ohio branch, which was not only at the center of the Iraqi procurement
network, but was also funded by BNL Atlanta.
It would be later alleged by bank executives that the Italian government lunged a close U.S.
ally as well as BNL's ultimate owner had knowledge of BNL's loan diversions.
Yet even as the public outrage generated by the halabjah massacre in the White-ing BNL
scandal did not cool Washington's order toward Hussein's Iraq.
On October 2nd, 1989, U.S. President George Bush Sr. signed the top-sequent national security
decision 26, which declared, normal relations between the U.S. and Iraq would serve our long-term
interest and promotes stability in both the Gulf and the Middle East.
The U.S. should propose economic and political incentives for Iraq to moderate its behavior
and increase our influence with Iraq.
We should pursue and seek to facilitate opportunities for U.S. firms to participate in the reconstruction
of the Iraqi economy.
As public and congressional pressure mounted on the U.S. agriculture department who went
to Iraq's access to CCC loan guarantees, Secretary of State James Baker armed with an
SD-26 personally insisted that agriculture secretary Clayton Euter drop his opposition
to their continuation.
In November 1989, Bush Sr. approved a billion dollars in loan guarantees for Iraq in 1990.
In April 1990, more revelations about the BNL scandal had again pushed the Department of
Agriculture in the verge of halting Iraq's CCC loan guarantees.
On May 18th, National Security Adviser Scoprop personally intervened to ensure delivery of
the first $500 million part of the CCC 70 for 1990.
According to France in Washington, February 23rd, 1990 to LA Times article, in July 1990,
officials at the National Security Council and the State Department were pushing to
deliver the second installment of the $1 million in loan guarantees despite the looming
crisis in the region and evidence that Iraq had used the aid illegally to help finance
the Secret Arms Treatment Network to obtain technology for its nuclear weapons and ballistic
missile program.
From July 18th to August 1st 1990, Bush's senior administration approved $4.8 million
in advance technology sales to Iraq.
The end users included Saad 16 and the Iraqi Ministry of Industry and Military Industrialization.
On August 1st, $695,000 worth of advanced data transmission devices were approved.
Only on August 2nd 1990 did the Agriculture Department officially suspend the CCC loan
guarantees to Iraq the same day that Hussein's tanks and troops swept into Kuwait.
That's it.
Yeah, what's it up to make me do?
Get on the ground and puke.
Go to my goddamn window here and just puke right over the goddamn balcony.
That's what I would like to do.
You know, you can go on a hearing like I have about the thing with the Taliban and we give
him $43 million a year ago and make, let's see, May to June, July, or less than four months
before they attack us here on our soil.
What was it?
Forty-three million bucks.
Right?
And that, of course, in that article we had the other day come to find out it was to
sweeten the pot.
Had nothing to do with not growing the poppies, it was to sweeten the pot for the Royal
Pipeline Deal, where we concerned about the oppression of women, about the length of
men's beard, about the brutality of the Taliban regime.
Of course, we didn't give a crap about that.
They were coming at hands and pedophiles.
After they attacked us, then all of a sudden we got all these propaganda shows on TV about
the women with the burkas and the oppression of the guy being people and they can't listen
to music and bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
Sometimes I think that our government is just full of crap.
In fact, most of the time, is that on American to say it, especially just days before 9-11?
No.
I don't think so.
Man would gun arrested at Hartfield.
A man was arrested yesterday, he attempted to pass a security checkpoint with a gun at
Hartfield International Airport in Atlanta, authorities be saying.
Man was on his way to pick up his mother and said that he forgot he was carrying the gun
according to police.
The man was arrested, 830 yesterday, morning with charge with carrying Kinsley O'Ruffen
taking the Clayton County jail, said you'll land a clerk in airports spokeswoman.
The airport was knocked your down, a flight's been out of sight.
Oh, and here's a good one.
Germany, you know those poison gas experts?
Yes, of course.
Germany niches Osama baby name.
German authorities have denied a Turkish couple's request and named their newborn son Osama
bin Laden, a court spokesman, so yesterday.
German laws make it illegal for parents to give their children names that might dishonor
them or harm their dignity.
Oh, gee, if that were the case, can you imagine in this country if we had a law like that?
Oh, please.
Boy, we have a whole lot of unnamed black babies.
That could be the case with this name, Brigitte Nipman, a spokesman for the district court
in Cologne, said of the parents who wished to name the boy for the alleged mastermind of 9-11
attacks.
Boy, do I love Cologne?
City registrar's rejected the name and said, and the parents of the child who was born
in July took their case to the district court.
If it's rejected, there they can still appeal.
German law allows foreign names if they're accepted in the family's home country, but this
one couldn't be registered in Turkey either.
Nipman said.
Authorities did not identify the couple or provide other details.
The rumor I'm hearing is that they're considering two other names, Hirond Gehring or John
Ascroft.
1027 at 560 WQAM.
Hey, here's a great place to take the whole gang this weekend.
And that's the animal coast.
You can go there and just pick out or if you're like a normal eating person, you know, who
not a real pig.
If you don't want to just stuck your gullet, you can still do that too because everything
is delicious and they've got dozens and dozens of things for you to choose from.
Six different kinds of soups.
All kinds of mouthwatering, on-phrase, oriental and otherwise.
They've got surf and turf on the weekends with the last king crab and New York strip
steak made of order at their gourmet center, which is a sizzling Asian grill.
Teriyaki steak, shrimp chicken, seafood, hand-carb premium.
If you've never been there before, you'll just be amazed when you walk in your jaw will
drop to your knee because there's so much fresh, delicious, beautiful stuff waiting for
you.
Animal coast, the face also got a full salad bar, sushi, fresh shrimp cocktail.
And if you have any room left at the end, which will be a miracle, try and save a little
bit of room in there just to open up your pants and other nuts.
They've got pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, fresh
fruit.
They even be having watermelon always on the menu at the Animal Coast Chinese buffet.
Three locations for you now.
Sunrise, pine idle at a 44th street.
Collins Avenue, you'll find them just north of 163rd and north Miami Beach.
And it flamingo and pember roads and prestigious pember pines.
Animal coast, except reservations, take out and deliver available as well.
Call 954-5723822.
954-5723822.
Don't forget on the weekends, like right now, surf and turf at Animal Coast, a great
place to take the whole gang this weekend for a gigantic feast.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
We are supporting Animal Fights to see you at 8.00 in the morning.
Me Too senp crist
Wash My Toys
toys
Mthink
Mink
mink
mink
Mink
He's got a white and with gown and then his guy nips it down and say
To kiss you on the road got everybody be yo' who's saying
Now he's getting his shoes for cousin everyone's rules and say
Figure he and it made sure he likes the blockade who's saying
He's a slap white and scrap off the mat who's saying
He's a slap white and scrap off the mat who's saying
He's saying
He's saying
1033 at 560 W coming in isn't interesting how we helped to build a shot army too with illicit funds but we'll talk to Ali North about that little bit later on
Hey here's another this isn't nearly as long it's only a couple of pages but this is from the news insider
I'm telling you that's a great website man news insider dot com is not what they own it's not it it's not an ejb
Oh dot net right at any rate God exists and God is a corporation rights John stand and weighed magic
This article is written July 10th the evidence is irrefutable whether through one of his subsidiaries Islam Catholicism or Christian evangelical
It's clear that God believes in one world under capitalism and demands of his minions a healthy investment portfolio of stocks and mutual funds and I'm questioning faith in the corporate purveyors of greed and corruption
God is extravagant and taste paternal in his world view and relishes the publicity he gets on US currency and in dating resettles of US plagiable legions
He's thrilled at the building of police all houses of worship around the world at the expense of the hundreds of millions of those who are impoverished and struggle to find food clothing and shelter
Is there any doubt that God favors the ruthlessly powerful and wealthy the bushes and bin Laden's the Murdoch's and all south and the rumsfelds and Chinese
God has no problem with income disparity in the brutal competition that is capitalism in fact he encourages it he applauds it
His beloved imbecile US president George Borthetuth spoke recently for God when he said that all matters political come from God
And that God should have a saying appointing judges to America's courts but there's more the president owes God because God helped him become a real capitalist by helping him become a millionaire
With so many poor so many middle income households struggling to make ends meet can there be any doubt about where God's priorities are?
Is it any surprise that God is hard at work through his corporations lobbying the US Congress for more tax breaks manipulating world financial markets, changing tax codes everywhere to favor his wealthy minions
And making sure the corporate executives receive immunity from prosecution
At Crown Financial Ministries God's financial principles are taught to practitioners
According to Crown God suggests that discipline financial management comes from investing according to the financial advice in the Bible
No, what is this word?
Economic models here. You know that word?
I do not. Good. It is the blessing of the Lord that makes rich and he adds no sorrow to a proverbs 10-22
When that advice Crown provides religious leaders in their flocks with the necessary tools to invest and manage money for easy living and of course turning earnings into donations back to God's bureaucracy
God invests to his very subsidiaries making money and everything including hip replacement gear, video games, soft rings, genetic engineering and defense contracting
Over at Christian Stewardship Funds God's investment managers are pretty picky about evil doers who might get their hands on God's money
Christians scrubs its funds and shunned investments in stocks or bonds of companies involved in abortion, alcohol, gambling, pornography and tobacco industries
Christian claims that it is the only index mutual fund family with these screens but wait the Timothy Plange was one step beyond the Christian financial offering
And claims that it is a family of mutual funds offering individuals like yourself a biblical choice when it comes to investing
If you are concerned with the moral issues of abortion, pornography, anti-family entertainment, non-merriid, same-sex lifestyles, alcohol, tobacco and gambling that are destroying children and families today
You have come to the right place. Oddly though one of Timothy's portfolios includes investments in Viogen, a company that develops drugs through genetic engineering and electronic arts, pervirus of violent video games
Also when the mix is KPMG consulting, the firm with many US defense contracts and responsible for the flaky audit of Xerox
Business week reports that KPMG is under investigation by the SEC here in the US and is getting hammered in Germany
On April 24th KPMG Germany was forced to disavow the financial reports of former client Comroad, a small software company based near Munich
The embarrassing reason on April 23rd a new auditor found that 97% of Comroad reported sales in 2000 came from a non-existent company
Former Comroad, a CEO, Voda A Schnabel is in jail awaiting trial on fraud charges in an attempted damage control
KPMG has said it will reawd at all 35 clients who stalks trade on Frank Ritz tech heavy newer market
Nothing like some good old Christian fraud but it's the return that counts
And matter whether it's tinkering with the genetic code, obviously God's not concerned about that anymore
Or they linkage to malfeasance that many of Timothy's investments have
In the name of Allah the most gracious the most merciful reads the banner at the Islamic Development Bank in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia
Founded in 1975 the bank's purposes to promote economic development and social progress of member countries and Muslim communities individually
As well as jointly in accordance with the principles of Sharia in other words Islamic law
The bank helped get the attention of Wall Street in subsequent when the 1999 the Dow Jones Islamic market index was created
which contains roughly 1860 to Sharia compliance stocks from 34 countries with a market capitalization of US $11 trillion
The FTSE Islamic market index contains 660 Sharia compliant companies and includes notable such as Coca-Cola and Microsoft
Islamic financial advice like their Christian counterparts at Crown are laced with quotes from
Holy works reminding the investor or borrower of the gravity of investing with God or borrowing from God
Be fearful of a day when you shall be returned to Allah then everybody shall be paid in full what he is earned and they shall not be wronged
That admonishment appears on an Islamic banking site after the discussion of finance and borrowing
According to the Quran and the Bible messing around with God's money not getting a good return can get went into a lot of trouble and cause problems on judgment day
It's kind of like taking out a loan from the mob
Like what's your name discovered on guiding light? What else your name?
You're asking me?
Oh, of course no one look no one look at God's finances will be complete without the Catholic Church
The Catholic values investment trust puts God's money into roughly a hundred blue chip stocks
But the money can only be invested after the church magisterium and the trust board of advisors reviews the stock to make sure that the company is represented by the stocks and hear to God's teachings
The board has as its members Margaret Heckler a former congresswoman ambassador in US government bureau and bureaucrat and two former ambassador to the Holy See and Rome
Investments include defense contractors general electric and ITT Alcoa aluminum American Express Cope Pepsi and oil and energy conglomerates
Put up a thousand dollars you can get on the high yields of the Catholic trust
In the immortal words of Pastor Simon of Cheltenham UK we see God far from being a first to money gives power to get wealth
Power to get wealth is available with God so what do we need to do?
We need to remember God and recognize his plan for wealth in the hands of Godly men and women
So we get out there and be the best capitalist has master you can and don't forget when you put your soul up for auction on eBay
Drive a hard bargain with God after all he's a capitalist too
Oh I love it
Of course the Catholic Church has a few financial problems these days but I think somehow they'll scrape through don't you?
I think so.
Oh yeah.
They'll make do as they say.
20 before level what's that schedule look like today?
We got the mad dog at one we got Hank look at this almost an entire show for Hank today almost well no it is no it is not
You got Hank from three to five thirty all by himself and then five thirty to six thirty the Dave wants that show
Oh because we got for serious now the first NFL season get well the dolphin first game on Sunday
And then you got Marlon's on deck what can they get that thing over with it or what?
Oh we got to wait till the A's lose a game when Oakland loses again then we can get the season over
Marlon's on deck six thirty the Marlon's at the pirate seven oh five the night of biggie
Eddie Kay in the Bahamas does a show after baseball and ESPN radio overnight almost said the duty boys but not tonight you want to know why?
I know why because most night on tomorrow he wants a good lead in baby not helping though
20 before 11 at five sixty WQM macro shopping is the dumbest thing you can well one of the dumbest things you can do
So don't be stupid be smart like me maybe I do a lot of other stupid things like each chocolate yesterday
Why did I do that? Because you're not it because I'm an asshole. That's why because I'm addicted and it starts making my no sniff a little bit at all
Now here we go again, but luckily not anyway do something smart get you a great new mattress and a super night sleep for years to come
My calling the betting experts at dial amateurs. I just I can't imagine why any person is right mind would want to
Shlip all over town help some betting or departments or pay for their humongous overhead get ripped off and then wind up with an inferior product anyway
Get you one of the best macr... maybe the best mattress you've ever put your ass on from dial amateurs they got the best in the world
They got Serta, Seely, Simmons, King Coral and the one you're looking for is in stock now for immediate delivery they can have it there in just a couple of hours
Any day seven days a week between like noon and two one and three any to our window that's convenient for you instead of sitting on your ass praying all day long that somebody might show up
And dial amateurs also gives you that unmatchable unbeatable 30 day in home comfort guaranteed let you try out the new mattress the right way
My sleeping on it and do all kinds of obscene things on it pick up that phone and call them right now
They'll be knocking on your door damn soon call one 800 mattress one 800 MATT RE
Or check them out of the web if you like at mattress dot com
And look just for 20 or five to two a.m
You're got
You friends and I could who comes from the UK
Charming and pleasant in a quite friendly way a sense of humor to make someone chuckle
I saw who they got with as these little but go you was caught by cops in Hollywood
They say that he was up to no good
Fans on that crying because the big mom when you got a hooker and got a blow job
It'll occur and get a blow job all right in the back to Qi went down on his knob
Got broke it updates all her head spot when you got a hooker and got a blow job
English don't have sex they drink too much tea unless you're part of the royal family
But you guys not like that he's no ego's not so it got a hooker he got a blow job
Get a hooker and get a blow job in the back to Qi went down his knob
Come look it up they saw her head spot when you got a hooker and got a blow job
He got a blow job
Okay
You know what I played that don't you I was gonna ask you where are all the bleeps that were supposed to be in that?
We haven't played that with bleeps in a long time I know I mean blow job and blah blah thanks to blah blah we can do what else we had to believe that
Oh that's right what was the word that he was upset about?
No but no when down on his nom yeah well Steve nickel had a knob problem is what I'm hearing that's what the shoes and told me he had a bad knob problem
But anyway he took a powder and went up to Jacksonville
The reason I played that is because the disc was in there already with that who's saying but now figure why not there's a lot of stuff on here haven't played in the coons age
And see the way the cops could tell is whether he was being orally raped or not was the see the difference is the distinction is if his hands were on the back of her head assisting the up and down motion
I say see what I'm saying in other words if his hands are on the back of her head then he's guilty too he's also an offending party
But if his hands are not on the back of her head then he's being orally raped what if he's holding her by the ears
Oh that's even worse don't forget speaking of big ears join
No it's right join Joe Costello tomorrow
Anyway the bull in the breaking news on CNN just moments ago good old Hamid Karzai
Yes they were trying to remember his first name well Mohammed is pretty close to Hamid isn't it? Well yeah
Anyway he ordered a review of recruiting security I can't imagine why
But anyway Afghanistan's president Karzai escaped an assassination attempt yesterday by a lone government wearing uniform of the new Afghan army
Witnesses reported hearing dozens of shots in that exchange they left the gunman and one of the president's bodyguards dead and caught a hard governor Aga Shirazai and US Special Forces soldier lightly wounded
A news photograph of the scene showed three bodies in the ground after the clash speaking to reporters about the failed assassination attempt Afghan Foreign Minister Dr Abdullah
Oh that's one of our he's one of our favorites remember him? Yes
Yes said that Karzai was leaving the governor's house when a uniformed armed person appeared in front of their car and opened fire
Karzai who was in town to attend the wedding was younger brother was wished to safety after the shooting and today is ordering a review of recruiting security
He says no dude that was a Taliban al-Qaeda or both of the above was doing a shooting
I thought we did a good job of cleaning them all out didn't we?
Oh yes all over with isn't it? No
Oh poor Martha speaking of it's all over with just when we think that maybe she's getting one toe out of the woods and out of the kitchen
Another story of the panel finds call from Stewart to Waxel in fact the New York Daily News today has got splashed on the front page with a astonished picture of her puts
You got to see her post in fact if it was something something similar just look on the wall behind you there we were just admiring that
This story though is not from the Daily News which was I mean just psychotic this is from Washington Post
Congressional investigators said yesterday they have evidence of a five-minute phone call from Martha Stewart to incline systems Inc. executive director
Samuel Waxel on December 31st during a period when Waxel has maintained a two-didn't speak
Uh oh
A spokesman for the House Energy and Commerce Committee Ken Johnson said the panel would decide by Tuesday whether the subpoena steward was refused to talk to Congress about allegations of insider training or concluded its investigation by forwarding a report to the Justice Department
The evidence of a December 31 phone call appears to shed little light on whether Stewart had inside information from her friend Waxel or from others when she sold her shares in Waxel's company December 27
That was one day before bad news about him come became public and its share price plunged
Johnson said the phone call made from a rented cell telephone while Stewart was vacationing in Mexico was troubling
According to Johnson Waxel said he didn't speak to Stewart any time between a party she threw December 14 and a January 5 party in Panama
She's a party girl baby
Record show that Stewart tried to reach Waxel on December 27 just before selling her shares in his company
Where lawyers have denied that he returned that call they never revealed that she might have succeeded in reaching him December 31st Johnson said
Investigators working for representative W.J. Billy Thousand and James C. Greenwood learned of the five minute phone call by examining records from a company in Mexico that rented a phone to Stewart's entourage Johnson be saying
While the call shed little light on potential insider training because of its timing it points to a larger pattern by Stewart of not being forthright with Congress Johnson said
If it was an innocent phone call why not just tell and not only that but if she got nothing to hide why doesn't she want to go in and test the five-front of Congress
Shut up bitch. God do I hate her in fact that'd be a good one. Do you hate her worse than Oprah? Oh, I do. Oh, I take it back. Oprah Rosie or Martha Stewart
Don't let me forget that call next week. Huh? That's a tough call. Next week we'll do a poll efforts to reach this spokesman and law first to run successful last night
Stewart is defying the night trading on inside information Scott tag of the arenaway spokesman for Waxel said we don't have any comment
Waxel resign isn't my way no
So they just keeps getting deeper and deeper and more lies and so on. Oh, speaking of that what a great segue
X data official Alonzo accused of misusing funds out on bail. Well, that's good
Former date commissioner Miriam Alonzo bonnet out of jail yesterday
They after her arrest on New felony charges
Accusing her of misusing political donations intended to help her fight a recall campaign. Don't you feel better now? Much.
Alonzo 61 was held overnight at the Women's Detention Center in Miami. She was released yesterday after her attorney Jose
Kenyan convinced they dates her concerns to reduce her bond from 250 grand to 75,000
Yesterday morning the one's powerful commissioner appeared in a court with other criminal defendants. She was handcuffed and wore a red jail issues
Jumpsuit. How about she looked lovely actually with orange? It says here red. Well, I saw it look pretty orange to me
Well, this isn't the guy named Harold by Luisa Janie a Janiez. Why any is my Santa right Janiez? I don't know.
Janiez by some bitch Alonzo's husband Leonel 70 was also arrested in charge also bonded out yesterday. Thank goodness for that.
He was briefly hospitalized at Baptist Health South Florida Wednesday morning after complaining of chest pains as the couple
Serrated to police but that chest pain deal that's as old as the hills you know. I know every mobster always used to use that deal.
So he had a orange fuel issue jumpsuit. Yeah, that the ones I've seen are always so the hero makes another mistake
That's not nearly as embarrassing as the Sun sent them the leading times cooking schedules from their website from his column. I still can't get over that. Can you?
That was that was great. That was very fun. And you know what they would say? Oh, that was not a bad mistake.
Adjust the coincidence we just discovered that we were going to update that anyway. Right. Just like they're going to update Black C710 and that other column remember that? Oh, yeah.
And that was the oldies thing in what do I do up in 1999 residents of Maria, Monsos commission district launched the campaign to be called her from office.
The residents were angry that she supported expansion of a landfill in Miami lakes. Alonzo raised about $90,000 to fight the recall. Some of it after she knew the recall campaign had physical police said.
But none of the money was reported to election authorities. The charges accused her of misusing $78,000 of the money.
Then fabricating invoices after she learned police were investigating the couples attorney said they deny any wrongdoing.
These are the second group of charges brought against the Alonzo's and April they were charged with a number of corruption related offenses including Grand Theft money laundering and exploitation of public office.
In that case, they were accused of misusing 54 grand from her re-election campaign.
So, what you can do is, you know, when you come right down to it, small potatoes, I say leave them alone. Suspect and Swedish hijack plot listed in Pember Pines adress.
Is there any crap that doesn't come to South Florida? No. God. No wonder I got that out of there. You can smell it. I mean, Amsterdam, you see it on the streets, but in South Florida, you smell it. Like in that elevator regard, I got off.
You know, even currants do that story. Hey, I apologize again. Okay. I think it's still in there. I apologize. It could be. It could be lingering. Suspect. Well, I read that.
In Islamic fundamentalists with the criminal past accused of playing the hijack or flight between Stockholm and London has connections to South Florida like many others implicated and tear plots over the past year.
Now, you saw this chatty guy who spends a lot of time in the chatty rooms on the internet.
Kareem Sadak chatty 29 has been held in a Stockholm jail charged with attempting to hijack a London bound riot in Airflat August 29.
Chatty was found with a handgun in his carry on luggage before boarding the Boeing 737 of the Vesteros airport outside Stockholm.
It was reported on his way to an Islamic conference in London. Chatty who attended a flight school in South Carolina in 1997 and was certified as a private pilot by the FAA in May of 97.
Came to Florida in 1998 with the intention of taking flying lessons according to a councilman's family in the Swedish and British media.
Remember what Howard Veele, what the Ned Bady said in Howard Veele? No. The world is a business man. Oh, I know. Yes. I mean, that has nothing to do with this story, but I forgot to mention that before.
Well, that's the story about God's corporations. Florida State Record show that Chatty listened to the address at Pembroke Landings Department Complex.
One, a 1375 Southwest 101st Way Building 6 Department 306 when he sold his car in June 1998 according to records obtained from the Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles.
A company official at the landing said she couldn't verify that Chatty lived there at the time because the rental records don't go back that far.
Chatty's motor vehicle documents represent the only known cubic record of his stay in Florida. Joseph Phillips of Stewart who bought his Nissan 300 GX for $1,000 in June 1988 said when he could discuss the purchase because he had signed an agreement with the British paper selling records.
Joseph writes to do an interview for three grand. The deal is an indication of the sensation the cases caught in the British press is a possible precursor to the September 11th anniversary.
Michael Fabberg asked FBI spokesman in Miami said agents are looking into Chatty's link to Pembroke Pines. Officials at the North American Institute of Aviation and Conway South Carolina said Chatty enrolled at the flight school in 1996,
but was terminated April 30th, 97 after seven months because he didn't meet the pilot's license requirements usually attained by students after 45 days.
The Swedish tabloid often blotted reported that Chatty was in Florida with the intention of taking flight courses but was frustrated by a neck injury.
Chatty didn't show up at a dozen local flight schools contacted by the South Florida Sun Sentinel, which was too busy of course deleting those cooking school references from Panjik's website.
1056 at 560 WQM, Castaway seafood company knows seafood would they pride themselves on serving you? The freshest seafood available fresh fish that is never frozen.
Didn't they bring you some food? Yes, twice as matter fact. And you told me it was outstanding, aacular best ever.
Castaway's also features real certified angus beef that's angus with the G burgers, filet mignon or huge New York strips.
Castaway's has great weekend specials too like their seafood pasta midly with sauteed shrimp fish and calamari served over linguine for early 1395 or snapper Vera Cruz for early 1495.
Join the Castaway's tailgate party at the Hogfish bar offering college and NFL football specials including all you can eat hot and spicy buffalo shrimp for just $7.95 while you watch your favorite teams.
There's also live entertainment every Saturday night. Castaway seafood company has got a full bar, they're open seven days a week and you'll find them on the Southwest corner of University Drive and Griffin Road in prestigious Davy.
If you're looking to cater your next home or office party, Castaway's will do a super job of that for you to.
George says it's beyond belief. It's so good. The Castaway seafood company sees food so fresh it will slap you in the push.
Why in local, your sports radio, 560, you a UAM.
Have just tasted your snapper.
If your Tuesday doesn't taste great, your kids don't brush long enough, which could lead to ugly, tartar buildup.
The solution, regular checkups and brushing with new crusts that tartar control toothpaste laced with crack cocaine.
Hey, side almost got in there. Russian duck brush and...
Crust is not only clinically proven, it's also highly addictive. See your kids will brush and brush and brush and brush and brush and brush.
Come on, Billy, it's been 45 minutes.
Flush and...flush and...flush and...flush and...
If you're not careful, you're gonna wear those teeth down to little lemon.
Oh God, no!
The crust's on.
Almost got a crust!
Hope your kids and a healthy habit for life, brushing with new crust with crack cocaine.
Sure, I'm gonna be late for work now, but it's good to see Billy brushing.
Get out old man, this is a crotchacking.
Billy, what are you doing?
I sit out.
Billy, what are you doing?
Got a little crack to get for a crust?
New crust toothpaste laced with crack cocaine, recommended by 9 out of 10 drug addicts.
Love it, I want it, 560 WQ. I mean, too bad we don't have a best up coming out this year, you know?
Is it?
Because I'm looking at...well, no, this 1995, this may have been the best one. Well, certainly was one of the best, you know? There's a lot of good stuff on it.
So it's same good that I got that disk in there.
Well, really is, because I have all of these up here and I usually have them sitting way back there off to the side, back on a thing.
It's on my thing.
I usually think to go to those.
Yeah, but I did, because that Hussein bit isn't in the DCS and there was an area with all kinds of other good stuff.
Anyway, we got 199 votes, the next one will be the 200th.
199.
What do you think is gonna happen on Wednesday September 11th? It's only a matter of days away.
Oi!
Nothing unusual, 123.
I have no idea, 65.
Another terrorist attack, 11.
I voted, I have no idea.
Like what?
What did you vote?
No idea.
I have no idea.
LSU, speaking of idea, remember that person of interest we've been talking about Stephen Hathen?
Yes.
LSU, now they fire him, they're not, they fired his boss.
They heard it.
A day after it fired Dr. Stephen J. Hathen, a researcher under scrutiny in last fall's anthrax attacks, LSU fired the head of the biomedical research center that it employed him.
Stephen L, now I'm on a pronouncious last name right, but I'm not good on frog names.
GUILOT, guillo, sure one night, or guillo, guillo, vivid vivid.
Stephen L. Frog, who was director of both the National Center for Biomedical Research and Training and the Academy for Counter Terrorist Education,
was dismissed yesterday.
LSU spokesman, when did he was fired?
LSU spokesman Jean Sans announced yesterday.
Sans refused to discuss while Guillo was fired saying it was a person L matter.
He said this missile would be effective October 4th.
They've always got that cover up.
But we can't tell you it's a person L thing, and we can't talk about those.
Who the hell was at home and couldn't immediately be reached for comments at AP?
LSU's Vice Provost for Academic Affairs Greg Vincent is looking at the management practices of the entire division that oversees the biomedical research center,
including its process for reviewing resumes of potential employee Sans said.
Several questions of surface about Hathen, including what appeared to be exaggerations on his resume.
In discussing Hathen's firing, Sans had said Wednesday that Guillo received an email logist 1 directing him to cease and to cease from using Hathfield on Justice Department-funded projects.
Hathfield was placed on administratively by LSU the following day, but Sans said Guillo didn't alert administration officials to the email till Tuesday when Hathfield was fired.
Sans said the decision to put Hathen on administratively in fire wasn't connected to the email.
LSU Chancellor Mark Emmer said Hathen was not a judgment of Guilletville was in the best interest of LSU.
Justice Department officials, of course, declined comment on the email.
Pat Clausson, Hathfield spokesman said the email was an attempt to pressure Hathen into a false confession.
We are stunned to learn of this, he said on Wednesday.
They were outraged. Black listing by the government is offensive and un-American.
Obviously, Attorney General John Ascroft wants to bring Black listing back to the federal scene.
Where is the new process?
Hathfield blamed the FBI's anthrax investigation for his termination.
How do you like that?
I don't.
Wait a minute, you like this, though.
Bush's niece models in fashion show.
All right.
Barcelona's famed.
President Bush's niece.
Now, wasn't the Colombo in Barcelona when she came back that time when she just the smog...
I mean, forgot to report that stuff she bought.
I don't know.
I think it was.
Somewhere in Spain.
Barcelona.
President Bush's niece Lauren Bush made her first appearance on a Spanish catwalk through his day yesterday.
When she modeled a simple black dress for the presentation of the label,
Toy Pays, Summer 2003 Collection.
T-O-Y-P-E-S, Toy Pays?
Sure, why not.
When you ever have a Toy Pays, they're like a small Pays container.
I have several.
Little dispenser.
The show was full of silk linen, elaborate embroidery, and aerobic inspired touches like turbans and traditional robes.
But a Toy Pays spokesman said stylist deliberately gave Lauren Bush a simple, non-ethnic dress to avoid any political undertones.
Oh, thank goodness.
Oh, can you imagine if you would have come out there with a Hussan Chaco?
Oi!
President Bush is currently considering whether to launch an attack on Iraq as we know.
Yadayade, a prospect that's angered many in the Arab world.
Any connection with the Bush family at Arabic styles were purely coincident to the label's designer Spain Jorge Galliannis.
No, no.
Gala Nanez.
G-E-L-I-Gala Nanez.
Lauren Bush, the daughter of President Bush's brother Neil.
You know that Neil Bush of the Saving and Loan scandal?
Yeah, the Silverado.
Well, it shows in the model because she's an international personality who's never modeled in Espanya, Gala Nanez.
This is fashion, not politics.
You can't politicize fashion, he said.
Tell that to what's his name from the...
What's that from New York that punk?
What's his name?
The Guardian Angels with a red hat that's got in the talk show now.
It ain't even a...
Oh, God, why?
Of all the people, you know something compared to him.
I like Martha Stewart.
Oh, my God.
In fact, compared to him, I love Oprah.
He is the most obnoxious.
Wasn't it then that comes off the Guardian Angels?
Yes, indeed.
And that's where he started.
You know, he started a little self-appointed vigilantes.
And then he became a right-wing talk show host.
And now they got him on our MSNBC, we're in that red schmata.
Bush made a appearance at the end of the fashion show walking on the runway hand in hand with a designer.
She was originally splated to participate more in the show, but the 17-year-old, who is the face of Tommy Hill figure and has appeared numerous international fashion shows,
felt sick on Thursday, the twig fest, both.
So it probably felt sick when she saw all those Arab-higgear.
You know, she started swooning a little bit.
Get me out of here.
Get me out of here.
Probably her cousin had to get her some doggy downers.
Well, it's big of the Bush family.
Florida Governor Bush ordered one of the first U.S. female serial killers executed next month, conveniently right before the election.
Governor Jeb Bush signed a death warrant yesterday for Eileen Warnow, say prostitute to kill six men along Florida highways.
It was one of the nation's first known female serial killers who were execution was set for October 9th.
Isn't that good?
That's excellent. It's about freaking time.
The governor also ordered the October 2th execution of death throw in May, Riggle Bertha Sanchez Velasco, who was condemned to the 1986 murder of a high leaguerl.
With voice seeking in the election in November, some death penalty critics accused the governor of making capital punishment a political issue.
Abe Bonowitz, director of Floridians for Alternatives to the Death Penalty, called the death warrant a transparent and crass political move at a time when Mr. Bush knows the courts will issue stays in both cases.
He referred to legal challenges to Florida's death penalty that are pending before the state's Supreme Court.
But stays for Warnow, Sir Sanchez, appear unlikely, neither as attorney since both dropped the repeals.
Bush's spokeswoman, Keating Munoz, said both confessed more than 10 years ago and have volunteered for execution.
Warnow's 46 was convicted of fatally shooting six middle aged men who picked her up as a hitchhiker in 1990.
Her story has been portrayed in two movies, three books and an opera and an opera.
Oopra wore a red beret with you, he gave me the he be jeebies man.
There's nothing worse on an error brush or shutter than getting the he be jeebies.
Which of course George has that all the time.
Broward, oh, I was speaking of he be well, I don't have time for this now.
I guess I do.
It's kind of a long thing.
I'll make time, okay?
Okay.
Broward, this is in the Sunsendle, in fact, right above it it says, you look into those cooking shows.
Broward, official fears, chaotic elections office will torpedo primary vote.
Even as election officials sought to reassure voters that next least primary will go smoothly,
despite turmoil over new polling places and inaccurate registration cards,
the leader of the Broward County Commission charged the areas corining toward another election disaster.
How do you like that?
Even after all the embarrassment and publicity?
Another...
Oh man, how do we do it?
Commission chairwoman Lori Perris, who serves on the Fumember canvassing Board,
that certifies election result, said yesterday that the process had been too ripe with problems to run properly on this coming Tuesday.
How many elections only like Saturday, a Sunday, four days away?
Monday, Thursday, Thursday.
Yeah, right, Saturday.
Apollonia, no!
Too late, Carblua.
Fabrizio.
Oh, sorry, that was...
Yeah, Fabrizio...
Adondeva.
Hold the ass.
Yeah, that's what he did say, Adondeva, very good.
See, the only reason you know that is because it's the same in both languages.
Of course.
What would it be in Spanish?
Adondeva.
Oh!
She lost her bit last bit of faith when she learned that the mayor of Sunrise received the wrong ballot when he voted,
and that's...
Oh, no.
Not again.
Like, Frado was saying, remember he was sitting on the curb with his head in his hands rocking back?
Again!
Again!
Same thing here.
Remember that?
Yes, of course.
After, we hit him with five shots.
And he dropped the gun, pumping him off.
Yeah, he, uh, he takes the gun, and he diddles it around on it.
Like he was twirling it like a baton.
And he like, had dropped it.
My handle, Frado.
Grab it by the handle.
Well, Frado.
Yeah.
Okay, I'll get back to that circuit.
It's long like I said.
It's pretty damn long.
Oh, I can't handle it.
Between that story on how we are supplied to Ra...
Well, I wonder, we all knew that.
But it's just when you put it into words like that.
And of course, one thing about these stories, well documented.
You notice?
Oh, yeah.
Well documented.
All referenced dates, times, places, names, chew size, penis length.
They got it all down to a sign.
But we're not just talking about hysterical wingnuts on either end.
Can't handle that.
Can't handle people that don't bring me copies.
I'm going to tell you...
I think next week I'm going to launch a verbal assault on Todd direct Alexa,
which he's never hurting his life.
This little pups a la man.
This guy is just pathetic.
Tragic.
He is the worst excuse for a sales hole.
And you know what it goes all the way back to?
Let me give you a clue.
Hey, Collagen Man.
Remember that?
Yeah, I remember.
How could we forget?
Man.
What's your list?
It makes me want to puke.
Anyway, let me tell you right now about a great place.
You won't puke when you go there.
You'll get yourself some great skills.
And that's fast rain.
You can become a high paid computer professional if you get the training.
And of course, there are tons of great jobs out there waiting for you with some real money behind them.
The question is, how do you do that?
How do you get a good school that will help you accomplish all of these things?
Well, there's one school that's got four convenient locations all over Dayton,
Broward, including that great new spot in highly congested Kendall.
There's one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors, convenient day evening weekend classes.
There's a school that's got full-time placement department over 30 years' experience.
And when you go to fast training, complete your program, get certified with this great new computer job.
In just four short months, we're talking hands-on training,
you're going to really know your crap.
Speaking of Todd Direct, you'll know your crap.
You heard me talk about fast-trained for a long time.
So get off your lazy ass, pick up the phone right now,
and make a new career for yourself and start getting a serious paycheck.
Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
That's 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
Whoever answers, be sure to mention Todd Direct's name.
That'll give you some real brownie points.
Or check them out on the web if you like at fasttrained.com.
My name is Luke.
6-4-TRAIN-O-FICE-TICKY.
You way, you way.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby. Only in Miami.
And now here's Kimmy Dean, founder of Kimmy Dean Fork Sausage,
with a few words about new, Timmy Dean, Bagel sandwiches.
Hello, I'm Timmy Dean.
You know, as someone who told me 25 years ago that I'd be making bagels,
I'd have said, huh? That's Jew food, isn't it?
But times have changed, and I guess I've got to change with them.
But I don't have to like it. You people want your bagels,
I'll give you your bagels.
Well, the bagel greases slab of Timmy Dean Fork Sausage on it.
New, Timmy Dean, non-coachier bagel sandwiches.
If you're Jewish, you can buy them. You just can eat them.
New, Timmy Dean, Bagel sandwiches.
There's a little bit of bigot in everybody.
And, Jappy, New Year.
From Timmy Dean.
Love him 14. Did you notice we had to read you in an outbreak
the one where it goes from a few of them?
Like that?
Yes.
Well, I hate that thing. What's that doing there?
You better hop all over the clearances ass about that, okay?
Oh, yeah, right.
Because he's doing a fine job, and he's a good guy.
He really is.
Like parents a lot.
Especially if he starts getting some cash for a poor Chuck Carlos,
whatever his name is there.
Yeah.
So, the only other show is they get like 75 different interns paid,
sports nerds.
Our show, we got to go through a big song and an dance just to get the
Chuck a couple of bucks.
Well, let's take care of them.
Don't worry about saying.
And you thought I was joking on Friday with the volunteer board op.
No, I didn't think you were joking.
Haven't I been there a little while?
Don't I know what a cheap bastard grega,
and of course it's always with this show.
He has that niggerly attitude about this show.
This is the show with a big numbers and bringing in the big revenue
and drives the entire guy there, radio station,
but we get the squat is what we get.
And he probably expects me to pay him, you know,
might not have not.
I've made my own, you know, over an Amsterdam bought my own chair,
bought my own supplies over here.
The other day I got two, a toner car.
And I could expense him.
But you know something, just out of spite, I don't do it.
Because there's so many things we've had to buy for ourselves,
just like I was telling you before the show to them,
I'm going to get back.
Right.
I'm going to make sure we get an air purifier.
And in fact, I'll get to them.
We'll get one for your studio, one for mine.
I'm going to have to sit there,
cooking and gagging every day.
Negative eye on, by the way, I think is the way to go.
Maybe somebody out there will thanks us some information about that.
Okay.
Because I hear that those HEPA filters don't happen too much.
Isn't that what you hear?
I heard the same thing.
Well, there's some people that's whereby those,
but I've been reading a lot on the net the last couple of days,
and the negative eye on eyes.
Those are supposedly the cats meow.
They take even the tiniest little particles.
I mean, just finite things that can't be seen even like the amount of polymer telescope.
And they take them out of the air.
Somebody will fax this some propaganda on that.
In fact, maybe somebody will fax this where we can get some down for it down there.
For my house.
Anyway, Laurie Parrish, poor, poor Laurie Parrish,
the Brown County Commissioner says I have no confidence we can have an air-free election.
We have a new supervisor of elections, new voting equipment,
and new precinct locations.
I just have to hope that it isn't a formula for disaster.
I'm worried and concerned, she said.
Doesn't sound too promising, does it?
No.
For our origin, battle supervisor of elections,
Miriam Olofant faced another major blow in her election planning Thursday.
Yesterday, when the State Division of Election said she misinterpreted state law,
and how to organize her polling precincts.
Oh, God.
Oh, my God.
The Republican Party complained she wouldn't guarantee that each precinct will be staffed
by Republican and Democratic poll workers.
She thought only that the overall makeup of the 5,000 workers had to reflect the community,
but the State sided with the GOP.
The opinion could open the primary to a legal challenge,
unless Olofant shuffles poll workers around between the day and Tuesday,
to ensure a balance at each of the 109 precincts,
where spokesmen said Olofant was reviewing the letter late yesterday,
and going, you got to be shmittened me, she's probably saying.
Republican leaders said they were exploring their options if Olofant is in New Zealand,
and said they'll definitely have the court of the issue with not addressed by the November General Election.
You know what they're going to be doing?
They're going to have to bring their henchmen in from out of state.
They're going to be knocking.
Let us in.
Let us in.
They're going to be knocking on their door.
Remember that?
All right, yes.
Let us in.
What about...
Oh.
Despite that, Florida's top election official secretary of state came to smiths to buy side by side
with Olofant yesterday and said he's convinced that Broward is ready for Tuesday's vote.
Right.
Just like Cheez had Tommy Thompson said, he drank water from a creek.
He was an outdoor guy.
It's an isolated incident.
He drank water from a creek.
I would take a crap in the woods.
During, yeah, everybody heard it too.
And smell it.
During a visit to Broward's pull worker,
in fact, Uncle Remus and Brewer Bear and I were out there last week.
He said the problems arising here are not only ordinary as what he be seeing.
Everybody just needs to take a couple of deep breaths.
He said, I think similar problems have occurred in other places.
But for whatever reason here, it's been more confrontational.
People don't realize how complicated it is to put on an election.
Tuesday, I'll mark the first major elections since South Florida came out of national scrutiny
for its embarrassing rule and the 2000 presidential election debacle, it says here.
In fact, really so.
Although the states reformed its election laws and Broward has replaced punch card balance
with touchscreen voting machines, problems of plague preparations for the 2002 primary.
Voters are complained about new polling places and inaccurate registration cards
and the concerns are continuing to mount.
Sunrise Mayor Steve Ferrin was stunned when he voted absentee last week
and received a ballot to contain the legislative race for state senator Mandy Dawson,
Ferrin who lives about six miles outside her district, immediately questioned poll workers of both the ballot.
Ferrin said a poll worker agreed he'd been given the wrong ballot
and then set up the right one on his voting machine.
But Ferrin said he's concerned other voters are less a stoop about which legislative, congressional,
school board and county and city commission districts they live in.
And we'll go ahead and vote if they got the wrong ballot.
He said it's going to be ugly is what he said.
How do you like that? I like it.
Similar problems were seen this week in the testing of the new voting machine whereby the canvassing board,
the board determined the machines work properly, but two of the five errors occurred
while testing 100 machines happened because poll workers chose the wrong ballot.
Perish attempted to raise questions about the possibility of similar mistakes,
but lawyers told the board that it can only assess whether the machines work properly.
Poll worker training they said was all a fancy responsibility.
All a fact denied that Ferrin could have received the wrong ballots.
You said the errors in this week's testing were tracked and corrected quickly.
So in other words, he's called a malire, I guess. How do you like that?
So on it goes as we just can't can we get it together?
Are we ever going to get together in South Florida?
No.
But the guy from Sweden by the way that getting jiggy with the guy was that guy's name?
Whatever his name was. I couldn't pronounce it.
Chetty, that chatty.
Oh, he got.
Yeah. See what he wasn't like a mum like the other guy. He was pretty chatty.
The chatty guy, he lived in Pemberfheims once upon a time.
Maybe he used to go bowling with my ham and a ta.
Where did some of the strip clubs?
In fact, maybe he was at the swing club when you were in there.
You never know.
Never know.
In fact, maybe he was the guy that swung it in Joe's face. That's right. He was wearing a towel on his head.
I mean, Joe's got that big nose. Maybe didn't realize it was an Italian nose. Maybe he thought Joe was Jewish.
Oi!
Speaking of Jews, net hen top writes in the village voice.
How come I haven't been getting stuff out of the village voice I asked you before?
You know, so I never gone on me.
I have some pretty.
And I'm going to read this article.
I will say this. It starts right out with Jonathan Turley.
Now, do you remember him from penis gate?
No.
He was on the, yes you do. He was on the talk and head shows over and over again.
He was a professor of law at Georgetown.
Oh, that guy.
You got a fat face and dark hair.
And he was ripping Bubba and ass. He was a consistently anti-bubba.
Wait, you know, he's entitled to that. He just made me sick.
Net hen top writes in the village voice.
General ass crossed detention camps.
Jonathan Turley is a professor of constitutional and public interest law at George Washington University Law School in DC.
He's also a defense attorney in national security cases.
And other matters writes for a number of publications and is often on TV too often.
He and I occasionally exchange leads on civil liberties stories.
But I learn much more from him than he does for me.
So it's net hen top.
For example, Jonathan Turley called him in the national edition of the August 14th LA Times.
Camps for citizens, ass crops, hellish vision begins.
Attorney General John Asscrops announced desire for camps from US citizens.
He deems to be enemy combatants has moved from him.
Has rather moved him from merely being a political embarrassment to being a constitutional menace.
Actually, ever since General Asscrops pushed the US Patriot Act through an overwhelmingly supine Congress soon after 9-11.
He's subverted more elements of the bill of rights than any attorney general in American history.
Under the adjusted department's new definition of enemy combatant,
which won the enthusiastic approval of the president and defense secretary Rumsfeld,
anyone defined as an enemy combatant very much including American citizens can be held indefinitely by the government without charges, a hearing or a lawyer.
In short, in Communicato.
Two American citizens, Yossir Esam Hamdi and Jose Padilla,
are currently locked up in the military brings as enemy combatants.
Hamdi is in solitary in a windowless room.
As Harvard Law Professor Lawrence tribes that on ABC's Night Law in August 12th,
it bothers me that the executive branch is taking the amazing position that just on the president say so,
any American citizen can be picked up, not just in Afghanistan,
that will hear airport around the streets of any city in this country,
and locked up without access to a lawyer or court,
just because the government says he's connected somehow with a Taliban or al-Qaeda.
That's not the American way, it's not the constitutional way,
and no court can even figure out whether we've got the wrong guy.
How do you like that? I don't like it.
In other words, what he was basically saying, it's not...
That's the American fucking way.
Not is what he was saying.
In Hamdi's case, the government claims it can hold him for interrogation
and a floating navy bring off North of Virginia as long as it needs to.
When federal district Judge Robert Dumar asked the man from the Justice Department,
how long Hamdi's going to be locked up without charges,
the government lawyer said he couldn't answer that question.
The Bush administration claims the judiciary has got no right to interfere.
Remember what Mama Corleone said?
No.
Santino, don't interfere.
Now more Americans are also going to be dispossessed
at every fundamental legal right in our system of justice and put into camps.
Jonathan Turley reports that justice deprarmates the general ASCROP
and indicated that a high-level committee will recommend which citizens are to be stripped
of their constitutional rights and sent to ASCROP's new camps.
Oh!
Hi, Mr. Atty's trying to get two downs to bring back concentration.
It should be noted that Turley who tries hard to respect maybe our James,
who tries hard to respect due process, even in an unpalatable situation,
publicly defended ASCROP during the lander's turbulent nomination battle,
which is more than I did, said that Hentauk.
Again, in his LA Times call, I'm Turley tries to be fear.
Of course, ASCROP does not consider camps on the order of the internment camps
used to incarcerate Japanese-American citizens, W-W-2,
but it can only be credit with thinking smaller.
We have learned from painful experience that unchecked authority once tasted easily becomes insatiable, Turley says.
Turley insists that the proposed camp plan should trigger immediate congressional hearings
and reconsideration of ASCROP's fitness for important office,
whereas Al-Qaeda's authority lives of our citizens,
ASCROP has become a clear and present danger to our liberties.
On August the 8th, the Wall Street Journal, which much admires ASCROP
on its editorial pages, reported that the Goose Creek South Carolina facility
of the House of the Jose Padilla, mostly empty since it was designated
and generated a whole foreigners captured in the U.S.
and facing military tribunals, now has a special wing that could be used to jail
about 20 U.S. citizens if the government were to deem them enemy combatants
they senior administration officials would be saying.
The Justice Department has told Turley that it's not denied this story,
and space can be found in military installations for more enemy combatants.
But once the camps are operating,
Ken General ASCROP be restrained from detaining not in these special camps,
but in regular lockups, any American investigate under suspicions of domestic terrorism
under the new elastic FBI guidelines for criminal investigations.
From page, well before we get to that,
like maybe can you just imagine Steve Hatfield?
Oh God.
Yeah, I can just see that.
I mean after all he did something.
Well he's not maybe done doing anything, but he is a person of interest.
Oh well, I think some people of interest are going to like disappear for a while.
From page three of these ASCROP terrorism FBI guidelines,
quoting the nature of the conduct engaged in vitality and a prize will justify an
inference that the stated for opening criminal justice investigation is satisfied
even if there are no known statements by participants that advocate or indicate
planning for violence or other prohibited acts.
That conduct can be simply intimidating the government according to the USA Patriot Act.
The new Steven Spielberg Tom Cruise movie minority report shows the government some years
hence imprisoning pre-criminals before they engage in or even think of terrorism
that may not just be fiction folks.
I remember the other day we had that story about Delaware where they were
arrest people because they're thinking about committing a crime.
Not profiling, prefiling.
Right.
Pre-filing.
In other words, they got the mind police.
They're reading their mind.
They're going to do something evil and break the law and so they round them up.
We turned into general ASCROP's plans for American enemy combatants on August 8th, New York Times Editorial.
Written before those plans reveal said the Bush administration seems to believe
on no good legal authority that if it calls citizens combatants in the war on terrorism
it can imprison them indefinitely in the private of lawyers.
This defines of the courts repudiates two centuries of constitutional law
and undermines the very freedoms that President Bush has he's defending in the struggle against terrorism.
Meanwhile, as the camps are being prepared, the brain, Kerry McCullough and the packet
Democratic presidential aspirants are campaigning on corporate crime with no reference
to the constitutional crimes being committed by Bush and ASCROP.
As Supreme Court Justice Lewis Brandeis prophesied, the greatest minister freedom is an inert people
and an inert democratic leadership.
So you in a month if I'm not an ASCROP campberer says Nat Hentoff.
How do you like that, huh?
Find a way Nat.
Oh!
Happy New Year if you're still on the outside.
God.
Twenty- oh, did I say God?
No, God.
Twenty-six after 11 at 560 WQM got the mad dog.
Jim Manage coming along a one-to-hank goldberg show.
Then Dave Wants that at 530 with Hank and then the Marlon stuff.
Tom Lehman and Helen Potty FGMCR are doing it again.
They're always doing it down there.
Zero percent financing is still going on.
That is correct.
You heard me right.
Get zero percent financing up to 60 months with a proof credit from GMAC
or it's your choice.
Take a rebate of up to four grand.
You heard right up to $4,000.
And select 2,000 and 2 PondyX or GMC models in stock.
They've been doing a right down there for 35 years in the same great location at Helen.
Who also in town has been in the same spot for 35 years.
Pretty hard to find.
And you'll find them at 1-34-01.
South Dixie Highway on US-1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
Line you're there.
And Helen, be sure and check out the complete line of GMC SUVs,
including the Onvoi voted by Motor Trends SUV the year.
And be sure and take a peek at the all new PondyX of 5 SUV.
The 5 has the power of a very fancy, schmanzy expensive sports car.
They've also got a dependable selection of pre-owned cars,
products and SUVs.
And if any of the dealer in town turned you down for credit to hell with them,
forget about them.
Go to Haleth, they'll make you deal.
That's Haleth PondyX GMC for more info.
Call them at 305-238-4040.
305-238-4040 for a Haleth PondyX.
GMC who be professional grade.
My, my, and look all.
This is 4205-60.
You way, you way, yeah.
Down on your hands and knees and lick my boots.
Okay.
Hi, I'm Aaron Summers.
Do you know what?
You got me talking on the passion phone.
Tell me the story about how you got flown.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, oh, ooo!
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
The lines are jammed up.
Yeah, there is in the doubt.
Call up and tell me what it's all about.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, ooo!
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
Here on the show, there's a new topic each night.
Who do you have sex with with a black or a blue?
Why?
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, ooo!
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
Number 32 of 560 WQN 239 votes on our poll.
What do you think is going to happen this year on 9-11?
I don't know.
Which is going to happen this four days away.
Five days away.
I don't know.
Nothing unusual.
144.
I have no idea.
82.
And another terrorist attack.
13.
Oh, ooo!
Not a good number to be voting on that.
13.
Quick, love it, sister.
You're going to be very, you'll chuckle.
You'll chortle.
St. Petersburg Times.
A theater instructor is on leave actor.
She says lighter is better with regard to skin tone and stage lighting.
I know it's hard to believe, but it's true.
In a theater class, a Gibbs High School teacher, Tony Mitchell, let a discussion this week about lighting on stage.
Mitchell said when they she told all of her students black and white that they should stay out of the sun.
For the sake of their career, they shouldn't get a tan because the darker someone's skin, the harder it is to light them on stage.
lighter is better, Mitchell said she told her students that the Penelope County Center for the Arts House of Gibbs.
Some black students thought that it was a racially insensitive remark.
Delayna Clark, the mother of one of those students, complained Wednesday to principal Barbara Schorter.
I just can't believe an adult from one let alone a teacher would say those types of things to a black kid who may be feeling insecure already as Clark said.
How to mention paranoid.
Mitchell 47 has been placed on administrative leave with pay while the school district conduct an investigation.
Is this incredible?
No, it's very credible.
School officials want to describe the nature of the investigation other than its four allegations of inappropriate conduct in the classroom said Jackie Spoto Bercher in attorney for the school district.
Mitchell said her leave has nothing to do with her mark she made in theater class Tuesday and said instead Mitchell said administrators think she was intoxicated at school, but she denies that.
She and other teachers also preparing their students to compete with the best and brightest of college and universities such as Carnegie Mellon University lost in university and NYU.
Mitchell hired by Penelope schools in 1988 said she was telling her students the truth about getting in a showbizness.
The world is ugly, okay, and the television movie and theater industry is ugly as she said.
How can I teach when I can't teach what's true?
But at least one white student wondered what her black friends would think after Mitchell said it was easy to illuminate pale skin.
I just thought that could be taken the wrong way said Janelle McKee 14.
I'm not sure how she meant it and I'm not trying to justify what she said.
She just put it the wrong way.
Mitchell's remarks about lighting also to criticism from theater professionals.
I mean, if it was good enough for Al Jolson, you're right.
Neither is better said G.B. Stevens, an associate professor of theater and the lighting designer for the school of theater and dance at the University of South Florida.
I'm sorry, the theater of school and dance.
A good lighter designer will know how to make adjustments and who wants to go to an F and dance school anyway, Leroy?
A good light designer will know how to make adjustments when lighting people with multiple shades on the stage at the same time.
He said, Fanny Green, that's her name.
Okay. Fanny Green, remember short Fat Fanny?
Sure.
Who splits her time, maybe she's a kind of Harvey Green.
Who splits her time by teaching in USF and working as an actor in New York or Greed.
She rattle off the names of several successful black actors including Morgan Freeman, Sicily, Tyson, Avery Brooks, Wuppie Goldberg, Andr Brower, Brower, who's that?
Total.
And Sidney Poitier, Denzel Washington, the Halleburg, recently Monoskars, for best actor.
I mean, what does that have to do with anything?
All she was doing was making a point about lighting.
While the lighting incidents caused her controversy, Mitchell's earned high marks for teaching, according to Mitchell's evaluation, she's an outstanding teacher, said this picture, she spokesman Ron Stone.
So once again, somebody who makes a remark in passing, it's taken out a context, and a bunch of sparks is going to get all militant and been out of shape.
It takes me sick of my stomach, man. I want to puke again.
God.
Now, I got to tell you, I never thought I'd read anything that Jimmy Carter wrote.
Okay.
But, now remember I was repeating the other day about his trip to Cuba and his naive trips all around the world, the newfound peacemaker.
And I said, go back to the peanut farm.
But he wrote a column for the Washington Post yesterday, and I read it, and I looked at it, and I read it again.
I said, well, you know something that makes sense. Just because of Jimmy Carter, the man shouldn't read it, right?
Right. He wasn't a stupid man.
Just weak.
Wimp. Right.
In fact, he made Bush one.
Not always.
I said that Bush one was the, he was the wimpiest.
Fundamental changes are taking place in the historical policies in the United States with regard to human rights rights, Jimmy Carter.
Our role in the community of nations in the Middle East peace process, largely without definitive debates except at times within the administration.
Some new approaches of understandably evolved from quick and well-advised reactions by President Bush to the tragedy of 9-11.
But others seem to be developing from a core group of conservatives who are trying to realize long-pinned up ambitions under the cover of the proclaimed war against terrorism.
Formerly admired almost universally as the preeminent champion of human rights, our country has become the foremost target of respected international organizations concerned about these basic principles of democratic life.
We have ignored or condoned abuses in nations that support our anti-terrorism effort while detaining American citizens as enemy combatants, incarcerating them secretly and indefinitely without their being charged with any crime or having the right to legal counsel.
This policy has been condemned by the federal courts, but the Justice Department seems adamant and the issue was still in doubt.
Several hundred Taliban soldiers, made in prison at Guantanamo Bay under the same circumstances, were the defense secretary declaring that they would not be released even if they were some day tried and found to be innocent.
These actions are similar to those abusive regimes that historically have been condemned by American presidents.
While the presidents reserve judgment, the American people are indedated almost daily with claims from the vice president and other top officials that we face a devastating threat from Iraq's weapons of mass destruction and with pledges to remove Sodom who say from office, whether without support from any allies.
As has been emphasized vigorously by foreign allies and by responsible leaders of former administrations that incumbent office holders, there was no current danger to the U.S. from Baghdad.
In the face of intense monitoring and overwhelming American military superiority, any belligerent moved by Hussein against the neighbor, even the smallest nuclear test necessary before weapons construction, a tangible threat to use a weapon of mass destruction or sharing this technology with terrorist organizations would be suicidal.
But it's quite possible that such weapons would be used against Israel if our forces or our forces in response to an American attack, let me read that sentence again because I boxed it, but it's quite possible that such weapons would be used against Israel or our forces in response to an American attack.
We can't ignore the development of chemical biological or nuclear weapons, but a unilateral war with Iraq is not the answer.
There's an urgent need for UN action to force unrestricted inspections in Iraq, but perhaps deliberately so this would become less likely as we alienate our necessary allies.
Apparently, disagreeing with the President and Secretary of State in fact the Vice President has now discounted this goal as a desirable option.
We have thrown down counterproductive gauntlets to the rest of the world, disavowing U.S. commitments to laboriously negotiated international accords.
Pramph-free rejections of nuclear arms agreements, the biological weapons convention, environmental protection, anti-torture proposals, and punishment of war criminals have sometimes been combined with economic threats against those who might disagree with us.
These unilateral act and assertions increasingly isolate the U.S. from the very nations needed to join combating terrorism.
Pragically, our government is abandoning any sponsorship of substantive negotiations between Palestinians and Israelis.
Our current policy is to support almost every Israeli action in the occupied territories and condemn and isolate the Palestinians' blanket targets of our war and terrorism while its Israeli settlements expand and Palestinian enclave shrink.
There still seems to be a struggle within the administration over defining a comprehensive Middle East policy, the President's clear commitments to honor Kiwan Resolution and to support the establishment of a Palestinian state of insurgent substantially negated by statements of the defense security that in his lifetime there will be sort of an entity, some sort of an entity that will be established and is referenced to the so-called occupation.
This indicates a radical departure from the policies of every administration since 1967, always based on the withdrawal of Israel from occupied territories and a genuine peace between Israelis and their neighbors.
The legitimate and divisive voices now seem to be dominant in Washington, but they don't yet reflect final decision to the President. Congress of the courts is crucial that the historical and well-founded American commitments prevail to peace, justice, human rights and the environment, international cooperation as well.
Rights, Jimmy Carter. Pretty heavy duty for him, huh? You go, Jimmy. And by the way, Jimmy, the hostages will be home in a few days.
Huh, so you got to rub that in. I was just always just a little joke. I'm going to look all this, these five six years. The radio is all yours now. Kiwan.
Kirk. I still remember getting my first candy from my grandfather. It was worthless original, and I was for a memory like it was only yesterday.
Hey, Billy, let's play a game. What? Guess what I've gotten my bucket. A piece of candy. Guarded by a snake. Grandpa, I don't want to play this game anymore.
Who cares? Let's play by the candy and the crevice. Oh, Grandpa, I don't know when you put it there.
Yes, those games would grandpa scarred me for life, which is why now that I'm the grandfather, I'm scarring a whole new generation with worthless original.
Hey, Jimmy, say hi to wet Willie, the worthless wonder. No, not the wonder. Worm worthless original, giving children nightmares for over 60 years.
I'm 45 at 560 WPM every day of the other day. I was telling you that's sort about the Canadian Senate recommending that the mayor want to be legalized, not decriminalized legalized. How will I say that?
Well, guess what? And this is why I live in Amsterdam in Toronto most of the year. Okay.
Federal agents raid farm that grows medical marijuana to California law on Santa Cruz. Oh, no.
Medical marijuana activists said they would protest the federal raid on a marijuana farm operated by a couple who helped write the state law legalizing medical use of the plants.
Officers sees more than 100 marijuana plants, three rifles in a shotgun in the raid yesterday, said D.E.H. spokesman Richard Meyer in San Francisco.
Owners Valerie and Michael Corral were arrested on federal charges of conspiracy and intent to distribute marijuana. He said, how do you like that? How dare they?
They some kind of lunatics or what? Exactly. Medical marijuana activists said they plan to protest the raid today.
These are incredibly compassionate people who work closely with law enforcement, dealt with sick and dying in our community, said Ben Rice and attorney for the Corrales.
This is absolutely outrageous. Valerie Corrales said the weapons agencies were heirlooms that belonged to her and her husband's fathers and grandfathers for your father.
The Corrales helped write the 1996 law that allows patients and their caregivers to grow marijuana for their own medicine.
They worked with local authorities to dispense the road to people with doctors' recommendations to use marijuana.
Are you following this? I'm following. I don't know.
Marty Wormhout, a Santa Cruz County supervisor, said county officials have been very impressed with the Corrales' professionalism in running the club.
The raid was a surprise to local medical marijuana growers and advocates as well as the Santa Cruz County Sheriff's Office and even the E.A. officials in the agency's closest office in San Jose.
Do you know the way?
The farmer about 15 miles north of Santa Cruz is known to local law enforcement agencies that are complied with state law rather than federal drug laws and sheriff spokesman Kim Allen.
The E.A. didn't tell us they did this not before and not afterward he said.
The E.A. agents have repeatedly cracked down on high profile medical marijuana advocates and distribution clubs in California by passing local law enforcement agencies that have followed the state law.
Andrea Tishler, owner of the compassion flower in, where a guest with doctors' recommendations that were allowed to use medical marijuana, said she was outraged.
We're absolutely shocked that the E.A. would step in like this at harvest time when so many patients will be able to benefit from this medication.
She said, we're talking on the Anderson of God then countries what we're talking about.
Okay. Run by a bunch of lunatics.
Jesus, Kay and Christ, man.
I'm starting to get pissed off. You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I do know that.
Good thing the weekend is here.
So, first time facts here, it factors me this.
We missed it as a matter of fact. August 8th, well I wasn't here anyway.
Not that I couldn't have still had it. What was August 8th? Look how kind of calendar real quick.
We turned the page already.
So Thursday because it's his it here.
Oh, that's the week I was off.
Remember I was in Amstani. I had this week off.
I'll be known to me and you remind me and I went and looked at thank you by the way.
Welcome.
Because actually I could speak that way. And then I came back and I was sick again.
Anyway, this was in the here about August 8th.
But there's a good ending to this story from Atlanta.
And antique 38 caliber pistol accidentally discharged as it was being handled by representative Bob Barr during a reception in his honor.
The bullet hit a glass door and no one was hurt.
Oh, that was an accident but nobody got hurt.
Georgia lobbyist Bruce Widener said he had removed the magazine from his 1908 cult but didn't clear the chamber before handing the weapon to Barray board member of the National Rifle Association.
Boy.
And I'm fighting my tongue. You know what I'm thinking?
I know.
Widener said one of us hit the trigger just as he gave Barr the gun during reception in Widener's home.
Nobody was in any danger. We were handling it safely except that it was loaded said Widener and independent lobbyist.
You son of a bitch.
Exactly.
You know, he forgot he said that by the way.
You son of a bitch.
The good news though. The good post group of that story is it's soon to be former congressman Bob Barr.
Let's hear it.
Who lost his election bid man? Who lost in the goddamn primary? He's out.
You're out, Bob. Take your little mustache over to a Munich. Get out of here.
You know if they would have stopped Hitler at Munich.
Right.
So Paul Krugman writes in the ear.
I just feel like I'm getting a lot of crap in today. Is it just my imagination?
Oh, you're being very efficient.
Yeah.
And I'm getting like a raw voice because see there's a difference between doing the stuff I do everyday and getting at these long articles.
I don't know why because I think I strain more.
Okay. I'm straining it.
Well, let's do a little pause and just give the poor result.
I'm your Roger's dot com.
And don't forget the link is the link is on there on our website to that thing.
You know what thing I'm talking about?
Sure.
The Cheryl seal piece.
Correct.
Look at that. I just like a bunch of crap.
I'm still on yet.
As Eric is updating our website and getting it like, you know, within the 21st century, which is nice.
It was a little bit old and stale and he said it was George's fault.
And he's right.
Well, no, George told me before the show that Eric has not too much time to do it because he's been having extra feedings lately because he's been under a lot of stress.
252 votes.
What do you think is going to happen this year on 11, which is just five days away?
Nothing unusual.
152.
60.3%.
I have no idea.
86, 34.1%.
And another terrorist attack.
14.
I'm glad we got off that 13.
Not that I'm superstitious.
You understand that.
Right.
But I'm glad we are just, you know, don't take any chances.
14 people that's only five and a half percent think we're going to have another terrorist attack next state.
To me, I wouldn't vote for that because it just seems too predictable, right?
Right.
Although, you know, they're so bizarre.
They might try to do exactly the same thing all over again.
I don't think so.
I said, might.
And that's why I said I have no idea.
Wait, see, that's the thing.
We don't know.
They keep catching us with our pants down.
Paul Krugman writes in New York Times today the bullies pulpit.
War is peace, freedom and slavery, ignorance is strength,
colon, polyendic, cheney, or imperfect agreement,
and the Bush administration won't privatize social security.
Erie Fleischer's insistence that Mr. Powell and Mr. Cheney have no differences over Iraq seems to have pushed some journalists into facing up at least briefly to the obvious.
ABC's weblog, The Note, described it as chocolate is vanilla claim, claiming that the Bush team has always had a credibility problem with some reporters because of their insistence on saying up is down and black is white.
But the administration needn't worry.
If history is any guy, many reporters will soon return to their usual cringe.
The next time the administration insists that chocolate is vanilla,
much of the media, appearing accusations of liberal bias, trying to create the appearance of balance, won't report that the stuff is actually brown.
I think he's trying to say something.
At best, they'll report that some Democrats claim that it's brown.
The Bush's team or William propensities have long been apparent to anyone following its pronouncements on economics.
Even during campaign 2000, these pronouncements relied on double think,
the ability to believe to contradict or read things at the same time.
For example, W is planned to partially privatize social security,
always dependent on the assertion that two minus one equals four,
then we can divert payroll taxes into high yielding personal accounts,
and yet use the same money to pay benefits to retirees.
The Euronean tactics don't stop with double think.
They also include news speak, the redefination of words to rule out this loyal thoughts.
Again, social security is a perfect example.
Republican political consultants have found that in an era of plunging stocks and corporate scandals,
the word privatization has taken on negative connotations.
The answer is denied that personal accounts constitute privatization,
and bully the person to go away along.
A Republican National Campaign Committee memo lays out the new strategy.
It's very important that we not allow reporters to shield for democratic demagoguery
by an accurately characterizing personal accounts and privatization is one of the same.
It is inaccurate to say that personal accounts equal privatization.
We could argue on the merits under the Bush plan and workers personal accounts
reflect any gains or losses on its stock and represents.
When risk and rewards accumulate entirely of the individual,
isn't that privatization? But wait, we can do better.
The push to convert social security into a system of personal accounts
has been led by the Kato Institute.
The Bush plan emerged directly from Kato's project on the subject.
Several members of Mr. Bush's commission on social security reform had close Kato ties
and much of the commission staff came straight from Kato.
You can read all about Kato's role on the special website, the Institute Setup, socialsecurity.org.
And what's the name of the Kato project to promote personal accounts?
Why the project on social security privatization, of course?
Which brings us back to the issue of intimidation.
The RNCC doesn't really think it convinced people that privatization isn't privatization,
but that's not the goal.
The memo doesn't talk about how to communicate with the public.
It's a list of demands to place on journalists.
As Joshua Marshall put it at TalkingPointsMemo.com,
the goal is to, my, I love this line, is to my, my reporters out of using the word
privatization in this context.
I love it. Remember that pop up, um, my, my, my?
Yes.
And the intimidation will probably succeed, says Paul Kruven.
Indeed, it's already working as Mr. Marshall notes in a recent interview of the House Minority
Leader Dick Gebhardt, Judy Ruder, a fund CNN, duly echoed the RNCC's memo.
Unfortunately, this isn't just a question of social security policy.
Once an administration believes that can get away with insisting that black and white and up is down,
and everything in this administration's history suggests it believes just that,
it's hard to see where the process stops.
A habit of ignoring inconvenient reality and presuming that the docile media will go along,
soon in fact, all aspects of policy, and yes, that includes matters of war and peace.
The trouble is that eventually reality has a way of asserting itself,
and in case you're wondering, ignorance isn't strength.
It says Paul Kruven, today's New York Times.
But it is bliss.
Yeah.
Like that.
Let's see, principal accused priest has played on pay Lee.
We got a whole bunch of stuff for the noon to one hour,
and then we got you a man who's coming along at one o'clock.
Hank Goldberg is, and isn't this today the first day Hank's been the student in about what,
six months?
Uh, no, seriously.
I think I've been there before Hank came to the bottom.
You know, I haven't.
I've been there for a long time yesterday.
How's that possible?
I saw him.
It was him.
Look, just lying.
Well, maybe yesterday was the first day back, because he was in the, uh,
Bahamas, right, for a couple of days.
Right.
That's right.
Like I said, today's Hank's second day back, uh, a bad back.
He's in the bad back.
He's got a nice back like Howard.
Mad Dog at one, Hank at three, five, thirty to six, thirty,
it's Hank with Dave Wantson.
That is everybody gets whipped up into a frenzy for the dolphin.
Lion game on Sunday.
Boy, you whipped up about that?
About what?
Six, thirty.
We got Marlins on deck.
I'm sure you're in a frenzy about that.
Like almost everybody else in time.
Marlins at the pirates.
Two teams really going places.
Seven, oh five.
Did I see the good news?
There's nobody's going anywhere to at least, uh, 2006.
No contraction.
Nobody's going anywhere.
Boy, there was a great article here yesterday in the Toronto Star Riffin Buds.
She had like a big ass.
It was great.
Any KF at the baseball game.
Anything in the Bahamas doing a show?
He got out of town.
And ESPN sports crap overnight.
We're sports radio 560.
QAM.
Now I do believe it'd be the one that's low by what I've ever thought I'd find.
The kind of ride that I've been doing around this today.
Now it's a classic set of wheels fixed up the way a brother would like it.
Now we've been peed and chanted and the dream is cold.
Then it dies to the machine.
I got the candle liquid.
Jerry.
Oh, baby.
I forgot about a Jerry.
Jerry.
Baby.
Oh, baby.
Shiny little velvet.
Little smelly machine.
This is red.
Shit.
Now it's the one bounce down the road.
Ain't a bit dead.
It's super bad way.
Now in the autumn.
Stop the big deal.
Someday I'll get around the beach in the praise.
1979, my own phone, Catalina.
She's all looking fine.
Now it's my baby, Cadillac.
Call a baby.
Oh, for no further, Jerry.
You keep it in your car.
Baby.
Shiny little velvet.
Little smelly machine.
Yo.
oh
I grabbed my window down on a hot summer day.
And it cost meGacyDoN won't no way.
This wedding manchmal seats again,
The dogs dispel the gips of dust and you look at over time.
I'm about back to you find the shiny, grandmas melody glide
Thanks my coffee, Janet, to the zombie washing it with all the roads.
Don't worry, baby, over the crocodile, the gerundary you be, baby, stop baby.
My full graphic news, going over Steve Lung's ink, soon, stop baby.
Fresh was all interior, you'll be better to be a baby, stop baby.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Sonny, I'm about 70 in Toronto today, that's going to be the high.
Going to be pretty hot over the weekend.
Next three days, going to be in the mid 80s, mid to upper 80s.
Yeah, that sounds awful.
We can handle it.
Sonny, not a drop of rain.
There may be a little rain overnight a couple of times since I've been back here,
but no rain, no thunderstorms, no, well, anyway.
I've had to have that week that I was back there.
Good, golly miss Molly.
I told you that Tuesday, the rain storm on our way home was brutal,
and it was like a dry run, almost like a practice run, and Wednesday, it was the end of the world.
I'll, you know, I say the middle of October until the end of February is a great time to be down there.
Sure.
Well, if you have to be.
Anyway, and the good news from Afghanistan is they've rounded up
whoever the shooters were, the attempt to assassins, good.
They were arrested.
That's a good news.
The bad news is that from Miami, bad news, d'Alemdica.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because George just facts me.
And the answer is, say that right now, it says, even though he knows better, George facts is me.
And we go through this every year.
High boy wants your Buffalo bills tickets.
Well, even if I wanted to give them to him, which I quite frankly don't,
because I get tired of that.
You don't want to say anything?
What are you saying?
I'm saying I'm tired of it.
They're my goddamn tickets.
I gave them to Joe Costello because I was a friend.
I like Joey did a lot of work for our show.
He came up here, had a great time.
He said all the right things like he enjoyed Nestle's Turtle Ice cream,
even though he didn't really, I think he did.
But anyway, I gave him the Joe and Joe,
Divi, to him up with Miguel, who of course, I don't want to say Miguel was underpaid during all the month.
And I can buy the, he was underpaid.
I mean, you can't be underpaid if you're not paid at all.
So the very life, I thought that was nice to do that.
And that was his choice to do.
And he gave half the tickets to Miguel.
So you're talking about, well, what do we got?
16 games.
And then I guess the two exhibition games.
So it was like 18.
So it was like nine games apiece.
Is what they got.
So one of them has got the bills tickets.
Now he can go bug them, but my advice to them would be,
just say like Nancy Reagan would say, just say no.
Okay.
First of all, I know they have wheelchair access in there.
But I hate to see like a fire alarm or something in the middle of a dolphin game.
And I have him have to, can you see him tumbling down every row in the PP park?
I, I can just see it right now.
So fat boy, the answer very simply is,
I know.
Get out of here.
Go lose some weight.
No, I mean, I, you know, I wish him no ill.
I wish he'd get better.
I mean, I enjoy him in a very perversal way.
I think the good idea for next year would be to ask you before you actually give the tickets to somebody else.
I mean, heaven, I made it very clear that I already gave him away.
Yeah, but maybe you were just joking for the show.
And hasn't the exhibition season already ended?
So there have already been a couple of home exhibition games.
So what is he talking about?
The answer is no fat boy.
So I go away, okay?
Go eat it can only.
Anyway, Nicholas Kristoff, another great article in the New York Times today.
You know, the New York Times boy, when they are hot, they're hot.
Like that Marine dog column the other day?
Yes.
Although I'm still impressed by the Mommie Irons boy.
I might be there every day.
But what about Dick?
Yep.
Good old Dick Cheney boy.
I, I, I, of all of them, he may be the most dangerous of all, you know?
Because he's not stupid.
Oh, is that it?
He's just.
Well, rock.
He's not stupid either, but boy, he's dangerous man.
Talk about a war monitor.
Talk about a lunatic.
Just get everybody.
I mean, you know, whether there's any evidence or not, let's just, you know, let's
blow everybody up.
Talk about a loose cannon.
Even even what's his name?
Who played cannon?
William Conrad.
There you go.
Was never such a loose cannon.
All we did because he ate a lot.
He had some loose moments.
He was great with you, Conrad.
You know, even though I know you didn't like cops shows, I'm sure you didn't watch it.
Now that was a bad show, Jake and the Fat Man.
I didn't watch that.
But he was just great.
Gunsmoke on the radio.
See how I like him because he was fat.
He had a great voice.
Yes, he did have a great voice.
He did.
In fact, when he made the transition, you know, they wanted him, they thought about for about
two seconds him playing Matt Dillon on TV because TV was the new medium at that point.
I don't think there'll be any credibility of like a fat pudgy Matt Dillon, you know?
But he was great on radio.
Even I remember that.
But the old days of radio, have you ever heard any of those shows?
No, I haven't actually.
You haven't?
It would make a great collection.
Do you know that CBS Radio, back when I worked at JNO in 75, there used to be a thing overnight.
I'm trying to think what's all the name of it.
Well, it was a CBS Radio, Mr. TV, theater, and they also had a lot of those old shows that they used to broadcast.
The old radio, Friburmigian Mali and Suspense.
Well, those were great.
But at any rate, that's the ancient history.
And now, of course, radio has been destroyed by just a few small handful of companies, including
Entercom.
I think every day we ought to mention them.
We love our friends at Entercom, don't we?
Yes, we did.
Sure, just in case they buy off easily.
That's the rumor.
A lot of a whole bunch of stock.
They didn't just buy that stock because they felt it was a good investment.
Although at the price they bought it, it looks like it probably was.
Although have we seen them sell it yet?
Huh.
Nicholas Christoff writes, how we won the war in the New York Times today?
You better listen to this.
I'm listening.
The American fleet confidently steamed off to war in the Persian Gulf recently and promptly got creamed.
This was an elaborate war game, not the real thing, but it reminds us that an invasion of Iraq won't necessarily be a cakewalk.
Moreover, a general who participated says that the war game was fiddled with in ways that raised questions about whether the government is returning to a Vietnam style overop themism in myopia.
The game, Millennium Challenge 2002, was the largest such simulation ever held involving 13,500 people.
It began key participants say with the Americans confidently assuming that they could intercept enemy communications and predict enemy movements.
But the enemy didn't cooperate.
It used motorcycle careers instead of radio and electronic messages and set orders as code words inserted in the call to prayer.
And this went right by the American intelligence analysts.
The upshot was that the enemy sank much of the American fleet as the exercise opened.
Oops.
It shows that a relatively primitive or unsophisticated enemy can find ways to surprise you said Robert Oakley, a veteran American ambassador who played the role of the enemy leader in the war games.
Millennium Challenge was not directly about Iraq.
It was scripted as the war against Iran set in 2007.
Moreover, Saddam Hussein's best options were not available to the enemy as the war games did not permit terrorist attacks in America, shelling of Israel, use of chemical or biological weapons or urban fighting.
Still, the $235 million exercise should teach us one clear lesson relating to Iraq, hubris kills.
This was a simulation.
So the Pentagon miraculously reconstituted the sunk and cleaned the attack again.
That standard for war games is where the idea is not just to win, but also to test equipment and concepts.
But the absurdism got worse.
The people running the war games even ordered the enemy to pull its forces back in order to allow American units to land safely according to Paul Van Riper, a retired Marine Lieutenant General who played the enemy's military commander.
Then I asked to use chemical weapons General Van Riper recalled that was refused.
The people running the war games even ordered the enemy to disclose some of its troop locations so that the Americans could find them General Van Riper said.
And when the enemy figured out how to move its chemical weapons around so that the Americans couldn't find them, that caused problems for the simulation.
So control of the chemical weapons was handed over to the Americans who then managed to destroy them.
That's good.
Yeah, well here you go.
Just draw. Okay. Well, destroy them.
The Pentagon view of the exercise not surprisingly is more glowing.
US technology and coordination shine and US crush the enemy in the end.
General Peter Pace by chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff indicated that such war games are artificial scenarios that inevitably require a certain amount of unreality like refiving the dead.
I absolutely believe that it was not Rick General Pace said, allowing the enemy to use chemical weapons against the Americans he said would have disrupted the interaction size and added to its expense.
Okay, it's true that war games are not held. The test will be whether the Pentagon studies the mistakes made applies lessons to a rat planting and six pins into bushes who are reasonably overconfident about a rack.
I asked General Van Riper if the war game should make us nervous.
There's an unfortunate culture developing in the American military that maybe should make you nervous. He said, I don't see the rich intellectual discussions that we had after Vietnam.
I see mostly slogans, cliches and unreadable materials.
General Van Riper said the mood reminded him of the mindset in Vietnam, excessive faith in technology, inadequate appreciation of the fog of war, lack of understanding of the enemy and simple hubris.
Myself, I'm a wimp on Iraq.
I said, Nick Kristoff, I'm in favor of invading, but only if we can win easily.
So can we? I feel reassured if the decision to invade was being made honestly after a rigorous weighing of all the risks.
Instead, I detected cheery Vietnam style faith that obstacles can be assumed away. That only works in war games, you see.
Very good. Huh? You feel confident now?
No.
Boy, this is also depressing. If you want to put your head in a stand like a freaking ostrich, just go right ahead. There's plenty of sand in South Florida and you've got plenty of company. Be my guest.
279 votes on the pool. What do you think is going to happen on this coming Wednesday 9-11 on the anniversary?
Nothing unusual. 166, almost 60%. I have no idea 95, 34%. Another terrorist attack, 18, the London 6 and a half percent.
11 past noon, a QA, and we got the mad dog coming up on a clock this afternoon, who is trying very hard to keep his joints in straight, which probably ain't easy with all the excitement about that first regular season game coming Sunday.
Him and Mo working together. I mean, the other stuff was like an exercise, you know, like what I just talked about, but him and Mo on the first regular season game, the pressure is going to be so strong,
you'll be able to smell it miles away. It's big enough being able to smell it, the humidity and the heater enough to like make you pass out in South Florida, but, and of course it's already really September, but.
Here's a product that will help you feel good and then the pink and good health audio round, and that's old yo man. It's got the best olive oil on the sun. Of course for centuries now, mankind has known that olive oil is one of the best things on the face of the globe.
Old yo man is a soft sale capsule. You just pop it in your place. It's got the best olive oil you'll find anywhere in there, along with vitamins and minerals and robles to promote help for all different parts of your body. There's one product specifically designed for your prostate, one designed to help your heart, one for your blood pressure, your cholesterol, your circulatory system, your digestive and endocrine systems, your skin and bones and one even for your mind, all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil and only a meds got products for men and you ladies out there as well. All four of you only made available at Walgreens picks them up today. Whole food markets.
Well, by the way, at the end of passions today, Luis walks in just as what's his name? Antonio and it's about to hop on Sheridan's bones.
Old yo man is available at Walgreens Whole Food Market. It's the Royal Pharmacy in St. Anos. It takes two pennies exciting, effective new product. If you want to find out more about where you get it and what it is and what it does, call their toll free number and ask all the questions you be having. Call 1-866-Oliomet. That's 1-866-Oliomet or order their products on the website if you prefer at olio-medamerica.com.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
Bless, O come onEl YA
Oh my
Waste, O come on!
Gosh!
So this is the part that I bore you to yours.
I gave all my immobile children with outbreaks of st since dawn, and dedicated my beloveds to this newously great parents.
Chalping
mhm, can I have some more Christfather?
That's Christa Rooney, Billy.
Amen to that.
Christa Rooney, the Transubstantiation Tree.
1215 at 560 WDQAM.
How's the weather today?
You can at least have a nice day today.
No.
Oh.
So I want to say again that there's
almost not a cloud in this kind of sunny
and about 77 is going to be the high today.
In fact, I can tell you what it is right now.
You want to know?
No.
Air quality index is good.
The UV index is 6.0 in the moderate range.
Sunny and here comes the temperature.
Any second now?
Sunny and the 2475 right now.
24 Celsius.
Got it?
Not that we want to rub it in.
Me and my blooper down my shoulder.
Oh.
There's another one.
I got to play that.
You know, I just have to play it.
It feels good time.
No, I'm just love that bit.
You probably don't like it.
No, I like it.
I played it several times.
Did you really?
Sure.
Remus.
Oh, here's, now this is a terrible thing.
This is pathetic.
But again, you know, in the world where human life is like cockroaches, boy 14 shot and
killed by police officers inside church after pointing BB gun officers.
He won't do that again.
I'm sure he won't.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a 14 year old boy said he was possessed by demons, went to church
for help, but was shot by police after pointing what turned out to be a BB gun officers authority
said.
Dominic Montoya came to Taylor Ranch Baptist Church looking for prayer, said Minister of
Education Cindy Harrison.
He said he'd been having some struggles all the way up through town and that he was
possessed by demons and wanted prayer and need to help Harrison told the Albuquerque
Tribune.
He looked very troubled.
Harrison said the choir directors wife sat down and prayed with Montoya, but then
noticed he had a gun.
She got the attention of her husband who was in the church's worship center with her
two young children.
He called police.
Detective Jeff Arbogas said when officers arrived Montoya pointed a BB gun at them and
was shot twice in the abdomen.
Police said he'd earlier threatened his mother neighbors and church members with the
same gun.
His mindset is really unclear, Arbogas said.
We're trying to understand why he did what he did.
Police have been called earlier by Montoya's mother who told them she and her three-year-old
child had fled their home after Montoya pointed a BB gun at her inner threatened and
threatened her.
Arbogas said.
Officers went to the home where neighbors told them Montoya ended their home's threatened
them with a gun and left.
About an hour later police received a call from the church about a teenager with a gun.
Arbogas said the officers didn't know it was the same boy involved in the earlier
threats.
Three officers were placed on pay leave for three days.
Standard procedure after shootings involving police.
Arbogas said.
Pretty pathetic.
Sad.
Speaking of sad, overlauthes won't yield energy papers by PEOs from the AP.
Sighting congressional concerns by President Dick Cheney in the White House are refusing
to turn over information into lawsuits against the Bush administration's energy task force.
In court papers filed this week, the Justice Department said requiring Cheney's energy
task force to produce documents and provide written answers to judicial watch in the
Sierra Club would interfere with the executive ranch's authority to give the president confidential
advice.
Further responses by Cheney in the task force would impose upon the executive unconstitutional
burdens the Justice Department wrote.
Justice Department which of course is John Ascroft.
The information the two private groups are seeking is under the direct control of and
therefore from the president of the United States of America for which it stands One Nation
Yadi Yadi.
The anxious judicial watch in the Sierra Club are tremor in the details of industry influence
on the national energy plan that Cheney's task force formulated more than a year ago.
The results of that plan a comprehensive energy package are before a House Senate conference
committee.
You don't think that big business influence that energy plan do you?
No.
I sure don't.
The White House has moved over require further rulings by U.S. District Judge Emmett
Sullivan ordered evidence gathering to proceed in the suits.
The judge has said he wants the process to be focused to avoid raising constitutional issues.
Sullivan had given the White House till two-day to file objections.
The next year we are in a schedule for September 13 which is next Friday week from the day.
They are not telling nobody nothing.
Principal of accused priest is placed on unpaid leave and maybe shouldn't have told nobody
not neither because that's the way it works.
A Catholic school principal from Queens who accused her former pastor of financial and
sexual wrongdoing was put on an unpaid leave of absence just hours before the new school
year started on Wednesday.
The principal Barbara St.
Elizabeth's school in Ozone Park.
We were talking about Ozone earlier.
Yes.
But not about Ozone Park.
Was the ordered leave at 3 p.m. on Tuesday just after telling church officials she revealed
more about the former pastor.
She was ordered leave the school immediately if not sooner and was prohibited from entering
school property for the rest of her indefinitely.
This is a Catholic school.
Roman Catholic church officials said they were only responding to Mrs. Samines request.
In letter date August 29 she has to be transferred from the school where she's been principal
for two years or placed on paid leave of absence.
She sent she felt so upset by the situation would endanger her health to continuous principal.
Mrs. Samines lawyer Michael Dowd said however she was removed as retribution.
Call her what you will she was fired Mr. Dowd said her threat to expose more of what
happened to her at St. Elizabeth's resulted in the victim of these despicable acts being
attacked yet again.
Mrs. Samines said that as late as Tuesday morning when she met with returning teachers for
several hours she had received no reply from officials and so was prepared to continue
as principal.
After the faculty meeting Mrs. Samines said she had his dispute with the present pastor
the Reverend Stephen A. Ferrari.
Wonder what kind of car he drives.
She told him she planned to amend a complaint of sexual harassment against the former pastor
the Reverend John Thompson to include charges of physical abuse and sexual assault but
my life words to father Ferrari were I'm staying here she said.
A few hours later her lawyer's got a fax notice that she was being put on unpaid leave immediately
if not sooner.
Mrs. Samines said she was devastated by the letter even though she'd asked for a transfer
or paid leave I told them that a priest was stealing money and abusing me so why am I the
victim now.
Mrs. Samines said why are they doing this to me see the way they always do this they'll
return it around.
Father Ferrari of course did not return her call seeking comment.
The assistant principal member of the faculty will fill in for Mrs. Samines.
Mrs. Samines departure is the second time in the last few months that St. Elizabeth has
been in cup by controversy in June.
Mrs. Samines went to the district attorney's office saying that father Thompson had used
as much as $300,000 in parish funds to support his openly gay lifestyle which he said included
allowing a gay teenager to live with him for a time in the parish rectumry.
A grand jury is investigating that no charges have yet been brought against father Thompson
who resigned from his parish in March but officials of the ICC have broken say they expect
charges soon.
They're also said officials know that school funds were on account for but far less than
what she said that bitch that's probably making bitch.
How do you like that.
So it's fight of all that dog and pony show and in spite of all that crap they put on
in Dallas and in Rome and it's still the same old deal.
Sweep out into the carpet.
Even if people had brought concepts couldn't get all that crap out of the carpet.
You know what I'm talking about.
Couldn't do it.
That's the way it is.
When in doubt sweep it out.
Revived 9-11 flight restrictions announced for those of you who are going to be flying.
You know we took that poll and of course they did it up that day.
There aren't going to be too many people flying 9-11.
That's why they're offering those free fairs and dollar fairs etc.
The federal government yesterday announced flight restrictions coinciding with public
ceremony said three September 11th crash sites.
The temporary rules are less fringe than those presented the aviation industry last week.
The proposal would have been internationally owned airlines from flying over the sites
on the anniversary of the terrorist.
They went ballistic by the way in Europe.
Yeah.
Allotalia.
KLM.
British skier.
Air France in your pants.
They all went nuts.
The rules limit flying within a 34.5 mile radius of the event sites below 18,000 feet.
Passengers on commercial airlines would be required to remain seated for 30 minutes after
takeoff and 30 minutes before landing in the three areas.
And if you got a wear a bag.
Private flying will be banned or in some cases limited to aircraft operating under instrument
flight rules.
Sites in training flights will also be banned.
In New York, the restrictions will be in effect from 7am on September 11th till 8pm September
13th.
Private planes will be banned shortly before during an after public outdoor events on
all three days.
In Washington, the restrictions will be in effect from 830 to morning to 11am on September 11th.
Flights will be banned over a ceremony at the Pentagon.
In summer, that Pennsylvania flights will be banned over a near the outdoor ceremony.
So there you go.
Like I said, don't be flying on the...
I mean, it's up to you.
Don't be flying.
Oh, and here's another one of those pre-stories.
Jesus, God Almighty.
You know what?
And every time I take another peak, here's another one.
This is from Illinois.
The dices of Peoria and a former priest have accused each other of lying in statements
to the media regarding a defamation lawsuit.
The priest filed after he was accused of sexually abusing girls.
See, we seem to be having a rush on these now with the females.
Trying to balance it out.
The head...
Edward Bush.
Oh, that's bad.
Edward in the bush, 71, was on a seven priest asked to step down in April and did the allegations.
He's suing for more than $50,000 in damages that we said he only wants to clear his name.
Among other things, Bush complained the suit filed Wednesday.
They was never told to the allegations or given a chance to defend himself, not to
defend himself from repressed memories.
Bishop Daniel Janky and Vice Chancellor Patricia Gibson said in their statement yesterday,
they discussed the charges with Bush and he never denied them.
They also said he agreed to resign from act of ministry.
He said, a change of fart.
Janky said, he is staffed and review board found credible accusations made by two adult
women who claim Bush abused them in grade school.
He knows who the victims are and details of the accusations against the motorcycle misconduct
Gibson be saying.
Bush's lawyer said the church's officials yesterday statement might become part of his
client defamation lawsuit.
The press release not only contains many inaccuracies, but also statements that further
interrupt my client's good reputation attorney Eldo Badi said, the lawsuit names the
vaccine's church officials as defendants.
Who do you believe?
I think you're awful at crap.
I don't believe it.
Internet group, the freedom also victim of September 11th group says, Paris, security measures
have curbed cyber space so much since the September 11th attacks that the Internet can
be counted among the collateral damage caused that day, a worldwide media watchdog group
he's saying yesterday.
The Paris based reporters without borders group, RSF, said in a report that Western countries
normally concerned about press freedom, used last year's attacks as a pretext, the
curb basic freedoms are cracked down on domestic opponents.
New laws extended the, extending the data as held by Internet service providers, ISPs,
and making that available intelligence services has made, has to make ISPs talking to the
case and companies into a potential arm of the police RSF head Robert Manard said,
there's a word missing there.
The US, Britain, France, Germany, Spain, Italy, Denmark, the European Parliament, the
Council of Europe and the G8 nations have all challenged cyber freedoms over the past
year, Manard said in report, a statement of company in the report.
Citizens in Europe and elsewhere would be outraged if their government's blood police
routinely read letters sent to their postal services he argued, yet these are exactly
the kind of measures that have been taken or being taken concerning the Internet.
We need to be much more vigilant.
Visual, visual, disillent.
Among the laws RSF criticized as curbing Internet rights were the UN Security Council
resolution 1373 on fighting terrorism, the USA Patriot Act and amendments tightening
European Union rules on protecting electronic data.
The USA Patriot Act let the FBI monitor email traffic of people suspected of contacts
with the foreign power, but messages from innocent private citizens have been intercepted,
the RSF report said, maybe there were people of interest.
You think that could be it?
Good day.
In Britain, the RSF report said police in many cases no longer need prior approval from
a judge to monitor financial transactions and private email online.
France has given judges the part order email messages to be decoded and encryption firms
stand over their codes so authorities can read email.
Police can also make remote online searches via fee records.
Germany has given its intelligence services unlimited access to the police database and
given both more access to telephone and records about suspected persons, Italy eased rules
for Internet surveillance and greatly increased the number of police and security officials
authorized to do so.
India's prevention of terrorism ordinance authorized the government to monitor email with
no prior permission and use the evidence it found in court cases.
RSF said the current Danish president, he wanted the EU to oblige telephone companies
and ISPs to retain all traffic records so security services could consult them.
In other words, they're watching us.
Oh!
Brother, baby.
They're all over your ass.
1227 at 560 WDQIN.
VIPsportsbook.com is an amazing thing for you.
Are you in the monitor why?
Because VIPsportsbook.com is the only sports book in the universe to be endorsed by each
and every one, all the industry watchdog groups since 1996.
That's what Gary Sarner told me.
You know what else he said?
What?
The casino Times Newsweeks News says you can look but you just won't find a better overall
sports book than VIPsportsbook.com.
But maybe you're looking for more than just a world class book that offers you 24-hour
VIP service and the safety of a leader.
How about this?
How about the highest-parallel odds anywhere you'll find up to 2001, minimum bets of only
five bucks and free withdraws 24 hours a day, and a 15% cash bonus ended that first deposit
as well.
And this isn't some general book located like in Yenem's Velt or like in Jacksonville.
This is DustBasedVIPsportsbook.com where you're treated with class and your money is safe
or like in lutes.
Sign up online and get you a 15% cash bonus ended in your account or call them at 866 VIP
bets even to call us free.
1 866 VIP bets.
Easy to get started.
Just go to VIPsportsbook.com and don't forget when you sign up online you get you that 15%
cash bonus VIPsportsbook.com where you be the VIP.
Line and local.
Here's sports video 560.
You ain't.
You ain't.
You ain't.
You call this big market radio?
I, sir.
Mr. Mouse.
What the hell are you doing?
Doing the knee.
What do you mean, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper?
You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well, sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus!
I'm scouting CEOs.
You are killing me.
But, sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square.
We're not in street.
Hang on.
Raymond.
Raymond!
Turn off the vacuum.
Quintet, Raymond.
Get that blue bird out of here.
Okay, boss.
Eisner, but, sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan.
40 Seconds Street is incredible.
I know I want publicly, I support it that, but you took all the porn away.
You're killing me.
I'm going through Gavoscow like kids.
We're just scouting areas calm down.
Listen to me, but, much.
Don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with Lee Rowan's stage.
$128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin the whole of Middark.
What kind of programming are you running?
I'm in my way.
Hang on a minute.
Raymond.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Blue bird crap all over your shoulder.
Bring yourself up for heaven's sake.
And head off the module, Quintet.
Okay, boss.
Good God.
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bond movie.
They're 60 years old.
Why don't you just put Steamboat willing on and be done with it?
Please, sir.
I'd make a couple of damn dollars.
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned Lee Rowan's picture.
Now we have the new M Night Shumel on movie coming out later this summer.
Ah, that's fine.
What the hell does that mean?
Stop sign, yield sign.
You've got a sex wing in some of these titles, past me.
Please.
What's the one you're going to do?
Raymond.
Raymond.
Here you go.
I know you can't hear me.
Raymond.
You're still running the vacuum.
Here's a love of love running the vacuum.
Get out of here, Raymond.
Take that blue-swears, Raymond.
All right.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with you.
What?
I'm not done.
I put Hannah Sturm in your job.
You're terrible.
Sorry.
Maybe I put Raymond in there.
I don't like to be present in a Disney remiss.
Oh, man.
What a wonderful day.
Get out of here, you nutbag.
1233 at 560.
Now, did you notice that this fact that you just sent to me
on the headline of the letterhead?
Yeah.
Bush broken.
Right.
It came from Power 96.
Somebody facts that to them, I think.
Oh, I see.
Well, you can send Power 96 all the Jeb Bush propaganda you want.
And I'd like to point out to whoever sent that fact in.
The Harold endorsed Bill McBride.
Okay.
I saw that crap in there today.
I have better thing more important things to talk about
when there is a hypocrite.
They're all full of crap.
Okay.
But if you arrange that Bush, I'll tell you that we love Bill McBride.
Oh!
We love Janet too.
You know, she's okay for an old shaky, you know.
Nothing personal.
But the fact is, she can't win the election.
She hasn't got a China-Mins chance.
So that's why we really love Bill McBride.
Because I think that's being a good old boy that he is.
He could live in.
And that's why they're crapping her pants.
That's why they ran those anti-McBride lines.
Right.
Because the Bush people are crapping a big,
a big smelly pile man.
I don't see any, the running in the anti-Janet spots.
Isn't that amazing here?
The people who stole the election,
that damn bitch in Palm Beach, Theresa LaPour, that bitch,
is still at her job, the butterfly ballot bitch.
And Catherine Harris gets to be warned
that she's going to be a winning a goddamn political seat.
What the hell is that all about?
And of course, you know she'll win
because if she doesn't, she's still win.
Right.
She'll probably get a phone call like two in the morning.
Oh, you'll mind, don't worry.
Thanks a little for one.
And they asked issues.
And I, you're not going to like this,
but I don't care.
I'm going to get this in before the weekends.
Because, and that book again, eating a lot.
And I know I'm fat, not as fat as I used to be,
but I'm trying.
I'm working hard at it.
And I got all this guy damn yeast, this candida.
And you know what we never got?
We never got a facts about today and negative minds or things.
Well, what the hell is wrong with these people out there?
You think of me?
I bet you're pardoned?
You got a lot of time before you get back in town.
Oh, you want to get one front there right now?
No, no, the ones I get up here,
I'm going to order off the Internet.
I have a shift here.
In fact, I'll get them from inside Canada.
And that was, it's a lot easier than they don't have to pay those damn outrageous
customers fees.
You follow what I'm saying?
I'm a furler.
Don't you think there's plenty of companies up here that make that crap?
I'm sure.
But at any rate, I'm talking about just in general.
I thought we'd gotten some info on that.
But that's okay, because we did get a lot of good stuff on the Fax machine.
I just thought, don't take man.
Don't think.
N-A-S.
You know what the N-A-S is?
No.
Issues new dietary guidelines.
It's the National Academy of Sciences.
Oh, that one.
Sweeping new nutritional recommendations issued yesterday by the National Academy of Sciences.
Double the amount of exercise Americans should have daily.
No.
After previous guidelines about fat consumption and the urge, more fiber in the diet.
Now, you know something?
This goes to show you how full of crap they are, okay?
Because I just got through reading an extensive article about how a more fiber in the diet
has, will do nothing to prevent colon cancer or all these other things it's supposed to do.
It's a polycrap, okay?
That makes me want to barf my...
You see how many things that have happened today that want to make me puke?
God, you wait till one o'clock, I'm going to be like...
All over the place.
Now, actually, I'm not.
I'm going to go out and get some deli.
That's in honor of Russia Shona and Yom Kippur.
Good.
In fact, next week on Yom Kippur, I'm going to go out and I'm not going to fast.
I'll go out and eat deli again.
What's wrong with that?
Maybe it gets you good kishki?
You can don't have to eat the bread.
Anyway, cut back on foods with added sugar, including soft drinks, candy and pastries.
The Voluminous Report also said the broad new targets for how many calories do we face daily in part on physical activity establishes the first recommended dietary releases for carburel hydrates.
And by the way, this eating alive, too, by Dr. John Mastin, Matt, whatever his name is, Mastin,
refined carburel hydrates.
Man, he attacks them all the way through the book.
Rips them in...
And you're going to go out and get french fries.
I can smell it, you know?
I know it.
I know it right now.
Just out of spite because you're at a militant little spick.
After the show, you're going to get in that car rush right over the guy that I'm going to go out and get it right away.
In fact, you probably go to Wendy's and get five orders of biggie fries.
Although you hate their fries.
No, Nasty.
Well, see, maybe that's why they have that biggie fry.
I think they figure if they can't make them good, at least give you a whole bunch of them anyway.
Yeah, that's good logic.
It also establishes the...
Wait a minute, let me go back.
Both adults and children consume at least 130 grams a day of carbure...
130 grams a day of carburel hydrates.
Oh my God, are you ready for this?
That doesn't say...
That doesn't say we find.
It also establishes the first recommended intake for two healthy fats that appear to help reduce sudden death from heart disease.
Oh!
Known as polyunsaturated fats, these beneficial fats can't be manufactured by the body and need to be in every day.
Food sources include milk, as well as flax seeds, soybean...
You know, something they can take their recommendations, the National Academy of Sciences and stick them up their ass.
But they know about nutrition.
You could stick up Oprah's butt and headroom up over to the Chinese army.
Oprah.
Oprah.
Oprah's an ant.
That's the partner.
God, is that make me sick?
This is why we're all dying in America, baby.
The doctors have let us down.
The government, there's three square meals and their little pyramid, you know.
Oh, come on.
They know nothing.
And you want to know why they don't want to tell you nothing because it's bad for businesses.
Just like, you know that, have you ever seen this spot on TV for the Cheerios?
Where he talks about it's going to help him live longer?
Oh, yeah.
The father's talking to his little kid.
Oh, yeah, I'm going to increase my, decrease my chance of heart disease, and I'm going to live longer.
And the lower my cholesterol with Cheerios.
In the meantime, what they're eating there is all God damn refined carbohydrates.
And they let that go on a year.
And they're all pissed off about Miss Clio.
I got news for her.
Miss Clio, at least, was fun and had a little bit of honesty there in the bottom of the screen in very, very tiny Princeton.
This is a hoax and if you call this number, you're an asshole, but we'll take your money anyway.
At least they were honest about that.
But these peddlers of poison, man, and that's what they are.
P.O.P. peddlers of poison.
They're killing us, including me.
Addictive crap.
And I don't see the difference.
Nicotine and cigarettes get you hooked on faggots, right?
Right.
And the same thing with a sugar one all these days.
And most of it is hidden sugar.
They put sugar in ketchup.
They put it in God damn Miss Pringetti sauce.
Airby, they even fixed them in your rectum.
And by the way, I should point out, he says in here that except for what was the one I told you before the show,
a stevia, STEVA.
I got it right here as a matter of fact.
He said that one doesn't taste, doesn't feed the yeast and it doesn't cause an increase in blood sugar levels and doesn't promote decay, et cetera, and so on.
And he points out that anything, any form, fructose, any lactose, any kind of sugar, including even the ones that anything that ends in O.L.
Right.
Multitol, sorbitol, all these things.
Bad.
Poison. That's what he says.
I risked my case.
And you know something maybe that's why when you eat that stuff it's...
Here is your guts.
Maybe your body's trying to tell you something.
Sorbitol, man.
Poison.
Manitol.
Multitol, sorbitol.
Crap.
Pitol.
Crap it all.
And you will.
Oh, believe me.
You'll crap like you know.
If you have problems, I told you before.
I don't know why my...
In fact, once you have to go over to my mother's house.
I'm bringing a couple of boxes of those diet candies.
You know the ones that are loaded with maltatol.
Well, she have a smile on her face.
She'll be busy.
What's she making for lunch?
In fact, I think maybe you and Rimmer can go over there and Rimmer can...
Can buy you lunch in my mom's.
20 to 1 at 5.
By the way, thanks to Ferro.
I got my piece.
Ferro, Rimmer.
She's great.
And also did I mention that Dr. Hampt called the house the other day?
No.
Of course, the show had the power of the show.
Not only did we get the website on their chains at the SunCentral because of Tom Dickens
and Burrisman with his cooking show listings.
But also Dr. Hampt, because I just mentioned it in the past the other day.
Yeah.
And two people talked about it and mentioned that I was taking Aferin, which ended up in the nose spray.
Taking up the nose.
And so she called out the house told John, well, be sure in the addictive.
And don't worry, Doc, okay, I'm fine.
I'm not...
I was trying to tell you about that.
I know some people...
That nose spray is addictive.
I know nose spray.
John.
I am not addicted to nose spray.
We both know people who have been addicted to nose spray.
We used to leave a trail of bottles of nasal spray all over the goddamn station lawn
and the old days gone by.
But that wasn't me.
Who's talking about the old days?
Yeah.
I'm not addicted to Aferin, believe me.
19.
We better get going here because the mad dog don't want to wait.
19 to 1 at 5.60 QAM.
Hey, the people at dial amatris are waiting for you to talk to him
and order you a great brand new name brand mattress.
And you should if the old one is worn out.
And they don't last forever.
Even if you have the best mattress in the world, I'll tell you right now they don't last forever.
And the way you tell is if you're not getting a good night's sleep anymore.
If it's lumpy and bumpy and they are mattress too,
pick up the phone and call the people you're going to love doing business with.
Like I've been doing for years.
Dial amatris.
1-800 mattress.
Just that one simple easy call, even a moron can dial that number.
And all you do is talk to people that are going to hook you up with exactly what you're looking for.
The top brands in the world.
No bait and swits, no a phony baloney stuff.
Exactly what you order is what you'll get.
Seely, Surtis, Simmons, King Coil.
You know I love all of those names.
Whichever one you like the best, whichever kind of mattress you want, that's what you're going to get.
And of course they deliver when it's convenient for you.
Any two hour window, seven days a week.
Ten to noon, 11 to one, one to three, three to five, four to six, you follow good.
So pick up that phone right now.
Tell them that old Neil told you to call.
Don't forget about that 30 day in-home comfort guarantee too.
It lets you test it out the real way for as long as up to a month in your home.
1-800 mattress for a good night's sleep for years to come.
1-800 MATTRES.
Or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at mattress.com.
My life in Laurel.
This is for 30560.
You weigh in.
Now there's a healthy way to eat breakfast at Denny's.
Welcome to Denny's.
May I take your water?
Yeah, I think I'll have the brand slam breakfast please.
Sure thing.
Introducing the brand slam breakfast at Denny's.
It's a brand new twist on an old favorite.
You'll get two brand muffins, two bowls of raisin bread, two stacks of home style brand cakes,
and a jumbo glass of brand berry juice cocktail.
Mmm-mm.
This brand slam breakfast is delicious.
I've never tasted anything so...
I'll be right back.
Stay away!
The brand slam breakfast really gets you going in the morning.
Can I help you?
I really need to use a restaurant.
Oh, I'm sorry sir.
There's a 30 minute white to be stated.
Jump your old breakfast habit and take a healthy one.
With the brand slam breakfast at Denny's.
Come on, let me go.
25, I can remember that experience at Denny's as a matter of fact.
Want an Oakland?
Let's not talk about it.
Why not?
Let's not.
Anyway, the people know nothing about it.
In fact, do you remember there were people dying from brand when it used to be fashionable a few years ago.
People would be sprinkling brand many years ago.
Yeah, they used to buy a bag of brand and then they'd chew your brand on their cereal on this
and put it in their meat on the other word, then stick a brand in your meat.
And anyway, if you don't drink enough water with brand, you know how it's like sticks in your throat and stuff like.
People would choke at it, people would die from it.
So that whole thing about fiber and it all would prevent the colon cancer and this...
Well, guess what?
Guess what folks?
They changed their mind.
See, all of these claims that they come out just like with milk.
There's no reason for human beings to be drinking cow's milk.
Is there any other creature on a face of the globe that drinks another animal's milk?
No.
Of course not.
Oh, but milk is good for it.
It builds a strong bite.
And what about wonder bread that kills a kill strong body?
It's a wonderful...
Yeah.
White bread, poison, pure on a double...
It's like eating cotton.
It's like reaching into Marlon Brando's mouth while filming a godfather and sucking on that cotton.
By the way, do you know he was pissed off from member one Michael?
Got his chin busted by McCluskey?
Yeah.
What about it?
Well, he had a bar I have to cotton in.
Remember that?
You can't wait.
You can't wait.
There's no...
There's no personal.
EPA says diesel exhaust from large trucks and other sources probably cause cancer.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Diesel exhaust from large trucks and other sources probably cause lung cancer the EPA concluded Tuesday.
And it reports that buttresses have pushed to reuse truck emissions through stricter requirements for a cleaner diesel fuel.
The EPA report concludes that uncertainties are made about long-term health effective exposure to diesel exhaust.
It's said, however, that studies involving both tests on animals and occupational exposures suggest strong evidence of a cancer risk to humans.
Overall, the evidence for a potential cancer has to be humans resulting from chronic inhalation exposure to diesel emissions is persuasive.
Said the health impact report released by the EPA?
So in other words, there's probably not a good idea to be sitting in traffic behind a bunch of diesel of crap.
No.
And what about school buses that have poured out that crap out of the air, huh?
No questions.
Do you ever get stuck behind one of those in traffic?
I'm going to get it.
You could do that.
You could actually use the GAAGing because your conditioning of course in cars brings in all that air from the outside.
We circulate it, baby.
Oh god, you're like, gagging on it.
I think the only thing worse than diesel fuel or diesel dikes, that's what Janet said.
EPA Administrator Christie Webbman repeatedly is promised to go ahead with the tougher diesel rules.
Last month a White House would White House approval the EPA rebuffed attempts by some diesel engine manufacturers to postpone the requirements
and the new penalties against manufacturers
who fail to meet October deadline for making cleaner burning truck engines.
Well, that's something.
That's quite three-thirds.
Well, of course, what do they care about the truckers?
They're small potatoes.
Patriots may raise voter turnout.
Here we go.
An image flashes of firefighter's draping an American flag over the side of the Pentagon.
An answer says,
Dreamers live at Heroes Die for it.
All the freedom, all the promise, all the powers in your hands use it vote.
It's the television ad put out by Ohio Secretary of State.
Part of a get out the vote campaign by election officials and interest groups,
hoping to use patriotic feeling here after the terrorist attacks
as a remedy for chronically low-imburracing low-voter turnout.
I think I voted last year in 2000, I think.
I'm not sure, though.
I was there.
Traditional appeals to patriots
and normally aren't very effective,
but I think this year they're going to be a lot of self-reflecting around September.
There may be an impact as K-Albowitz,
communications director of the National Association of Secretary of State.
And of course, if a whole bunch of people turn out, especially like in Broward,
that should make for a real picnic,
bring your own ants and tablecloths.
The attacks made people want to do something, she says.
See our club executive director, Carl Pope, agreed.
We all need to re-engage in politics,
blending the new volunteerism and the new patriotism
into a new democracy, you said,
until they take us away and put us in one of those camps.
The see our club is running ads in a dozen states,
saying that since then 11 more people have sought solace in wild places
and now have the opportunity at the ballot box to protect those places
and demonstrate their patriotism.
I spent a few months in a wild place last year, Amsterdam.
Land of the red, white, and blue where we treasure wilderness
and celebrate spacious skies.
We all care about our country.
Now we need candidate tool care for our country, the Ed Sey.
And of course, the obvious question is,
where the hell do we find them?
Here are the 15 votes on our poll.
As we approach that day,
man, as the media starts building up in a just a phenomenal feeding frenzy
with 75 million hours.
And they had a blurb on here before on CNN about these psychologists
to recommend that your children not be exposed to excessive hours
of viewing all these grotesque events and rehashing over and over again.
Right.
And of course, if it's not good for children,
it probably is a good idea for most adults to be like, you know,
subjecting themselves to a reliving that was over and over.
You follow what I'm saying?
Waller and...
Have we seen that second plane going to the South power off and up don't you think?
No, one more time.
Maybe one more time.
We need to see it.
Just like, and you know something, maybe they could combine those highlights
with the doggy snuff films on CNN.
You know what?
Something they have exclusively the entire thing.
Puppy snuff films on CNN.
Certainly not news.
We have what we got.
That thing is 316 votes.
What do you think is going to happen this year on 9-11,
which is next Wednesday, only five days away?
Nothing unusual.
What is it?
192.
Over 60 percent, almost 61 percent.
I have no idea.
153.2 percent.
A turn to the audience.
You turn.
And another terrorist attack.
196 percent of the people crappin' in their pain.
My life and local.
This is 420 by 60.
You wait a few way.
Happy porn!
It's 9 o'clock on a Sunday night.
And I'm gonna watch HBO.
There's some dumb show about a funeral home.
Where did Tony and Big Pussy go?
I've had to wait over a year and a half
to see if that Russian guy is dead.
But when I turn on the tube, I'm sure getting screwed
because they're showing our list instead.
Goomba, goomba, da da da da.
Goomba, da da da da.
Where the hell are the surprise, man?
I've waited too long for this thing.
I wanna see Hollywood and Spelby on the back room of the Spider-Ving.
No.
Yeah.
It's been so long since the last episode.
There's so many things I forgot.
Did Paulie get whacked?
Is Furious, Smoking Crack?
And does Tony still sail us to God?
You guy.
So I pick up the latest TV guide.
And that's when I start feeling fine.
They got HBO's bringing back the day goes.
Each and every Sunday at nine.
Oh, right.
Oh, it's season four of the soprano's hand.
Good thing they're bringing it back.
If I had to wait even one second more,
I'd have my cable guy whacked.
Yeah, look at the boat.
So it's about a friggin' time, ain't it?
Anyway, we had little battle of the buttons going on.
There was kinda cute.
12.50, 7.50 WTQIM.
You know, one of the movie channels on my digital cable.
I don't know why, but they have a different episode of that on every night.
And they're promoting the new season coming.
I don't know what that's all about.
Is it one of many, many HBO's?
I don't know.
Because they might be doing a recap.
Because here they don't call it HBO.
It's called M1 and M2.
I don't know.
Traditionally before the new season starts,
they show a lot of the old ones.
So I saw 30 seconds of another episode last night.
Did I watch it?
No.
I just can't get in, but I'm sorry.
And the one guy with a bad wig, man, he is...
Which one?
I don't know.
There's one guy in there with an old guy with a real bad hair piece.
And I keep thinking about Eisenberg, and I have to turn it off.
And then I tried it again two days ago.
And there was another guy with a bad hair piece
and I was starting to think about M.O.
And I started snapping my Viracose veins,
and I don't even have any.
Anyway, I never got to this the other day.
This was in the yesterday's hero, and it's got to get in before the end of the week.
This is from the Washington Post, David Broder.
Simplishin or Statesman, professor's view of Bushberry.
The people who are teaching study the presidency find George W. Bush a puzzlement.
More than 20 of them wrestled with his personality and performance on panels
at the Labor Day Weekend Convention of the American Political Science Association.
Their provisional assessments ranged from Simplishin
to the strength and purposefulness of Harry Truman or Ronald Reagan.
Simplistic one-dimensional lacking the analytical intellectual skills the office needs,
a Dan Quail and Chiefs clothing said Michael Genovies
of Loyola Miramaut University, but emotionally secure
while organized staffed by able competent experienced people,
not visionary but clear and specific in his goals,
a political natural insisted Fred Greenstein of Princeton University.
So you figure out what it is.
You just keep going.
The little one or two that reminds you of.
Anyway, 326 votes on a poll.
What do you think is going to happen next Wednesday?
9-11.
200 people?
200 even.
I like that.
Nothing unusual.
107 said, I have no idea.
Just like I said, you said, how do we know?
And I'll wait a minute to change it one more time.
Quick, I'll click.
And 19 people, 5.7% said, another terrorist attack.
Oh!
Well, happy new year to all of you Jews.
I mean, all of you Jewish folks out there in the audience.
We got the mad dog coming up next.
Big game this weekend, baby.
You can smell the pressure building out.
Bye, bye, bye!
The New York Times show on 5.6.2 a.m. Miami-4, Orlando.
I just want to have home day.
