This is South Florida's only real Swarthies fan.
WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale, a peace and broadcast group feature.
www.QAM.com
Ho to to to to
Ho!
Ho! All right, all right!
You've heard the secrets behind Saddam Hussein's mistress like that.
Just have the story. Find out who Saddam Hussein really is.
When ABC confronts Saddam Hussein's baby's mama.
Saddam Hussein never takes it away as much as he always like a never-old time.
He's a dumb Hussein, the most methodical Arab leader in the 20th century.
Find out the deep secrets of Saddam Hussein.
I felt this would have come pick me up and he came and picked me up on his busted ass camel.
I looked like a camel and that camel was spinning on my dash.
He I was like, uh, uh.
Find out how he really is in bed.
I don't know how he has 15 wives.
15 wives. He couldn't even hand 15 seconds with me, okay?
Why did you stay with him?
Why did I stay with him? He got dollars.
Okay, he got business, business, business, all the bees.
Okay, he got pay for it.
Don't miss Saddam's baby's mama.
And then I give pay for this.
Tonight on ABC.
902-560-WDQ.
I'm happy Monday to him.
And what a beautiful day.
Sun is shining.
It's 50 degrees going to be like 70-70 today.
How about there?
It's actually been fairly nice.
It was a nice weekend.
All right.
Excellent. So everybody's happy.
Gonna start getting colder this weekend.
No fall is here in the north.
Gonna see those leaves turning.
Gonna freeze our ass off anyway.
So our pole over the way.
Oh, before we get to the pole.
You know John Turchin is on America's most wanted?
No.
There you go.
You did it.
Well, I just barely said to Saddam.
I sat my ass down here and already learned something.
How do you like that?
He's wanted.
Huh? He's wanted.
He's one of America's most wanted.
He's on that show, which is a great show.
Of course.
John Turchin who used to be on Channel 7 News, right?
And who do you think put him on here?
The first newscast in radio in South Florida.
Oh, God.
I thought he was news many years ago.
Back when we used to work with Corey Zawato back in my eight to midnight days.
And in midnight John Turchin and Corey Zawato and I would go to Lums.
Remember Lums?
Didn't they name that after Lums from Luminander?
Right.
That's what I'm hearing.
That's a popular rumor around town.
John Turchin makes the big time.
That's a very nice guy there.
John.
So anyway, we had 1407 votes on a pole.
The only problem with that is he.
Some people would say, well, she's going to be complaining.
We had back in March 10th.
We had 1525, the difference being that back then they were all legitimate real.
And they're not votes.
It's just a survey.
Which one of these are you, a religious survey, which, oh, let's only do it once a year from now on.
Anytime we repeat something, the response is always way down in addition to which, like I told you before, the show today, it's in middle of September.
Now, as compared to the middle of March and then you go to September, there's like, what would you say?
30, 40% of the people aren't there yet.
The snowboard.
Right.
They're not there.
We're talking to ourselves, basically.
We got just like a skeleton crew.
Today's a big day, by the way, before we get to the results of the pool, and giving the new pool, which I think is going to get you some, it'll get some results today.
Some real ones?
Some real round.
Maybe some real ones are not.
And by the way, you assholes out there that keep dicking with stuff.
Sickens and wikens and wikens and sicks.
And, you know, who the hell are you people kidding you idiots? You clowns.
You morons.
You might have gone ace.
But, you know, it keeps you off the streets like I always study.
How come my thing isn't refreshing now?
Is refreshing, isn't it?
Is it?
Risk and refreshing.
Well, mine is not.
Mine is like kind of stared.
You can almost smell it.
How about that too good, bro?
Do you think we need to see her a few more times?
Oh, yeah.
Just put it in the fridge.
This goes to show you how sick the media is.
This bitch beats the crap out of her little girl.
It's called this traveler bitch, which I got stuff about the average traveler's in a minute when we get to it.
And, uh, and all of a sudden she's a celebrity and she's not making the rounds and all the talk in head shows.
It's sick since we got this 24 hour news thing.
It's, uh, it's changed the whole concept of what life is all about.
She's on their pretend.
Oh, well, gee, you know, I just lost my temper and there's a lesson to be learned.
And of course to tap it all off, she's like kind of a, you know, should have been fixed.
She said, have been surgically fixed.
Sixth-toed wall-eyed bug one.
Exactly.
And don't be, uh, insulting mall, whatever.
Yeah, look at that.
Wikens and six and six and Wikens and Wikens and six and back and forth and in-cando's votes and chunks.
So we had like 200 phony votes on a pull over the weekend.
That is grace.
So we got a big day today, boys and girls.
Let me tell you two reasons why today's a big day.
It's a big day for George.
It is.
Didn't know that did you know?
Well, why not?
Today's a trend is coming out of one o'clock, which, you know, we don't want to interrupt the man dog show.
I knew about that.
Well, yeah, but that's going to be way heavily on your shoulders because the months are going to be June, July and August.
So that's like, huh?
Yeah.
That's two thirds of the summer book and that's basically the majority of time when you were on.
Because what, what the hell did I, I don't know.
Yeah, that's right.
So I came back to the full schedule, August 26th, which would be after the, uh, this trend.
And I'll tell you who else it's going to be a big trend for.
Which I don't want to say there's any connection between the fact that somebody's ratings in the morning have been really crap.
But the beast is not going to be, he's on vacation this week.
And when it comes back next week is not going to be on the morning show will not be working on the more Howard show.
And of course, they're the usual denials from sub management types of which we had about 200 in the building now.
Oh, no, it's got nothing to do with Mo.
He's got a busy schedule with a hercones and he's got this.
Well, that's not the room around the rest of the building.
I'll take you that.
Okay.
But it's not just Mo.
That's always been the case with the morning show even back when, uh, back when the worst team was there.
Right. Always had to have a scapegoat.
The book would come out.
They'd have a bad book or a couple of bad trends.
And right away, oh, well, let's find somebody to fire so we can blame them for it.
Number Donnie B.
Of course.
Bad guest band couldn't book a day.
Oh, brother.
It's from the Brook Daniels Randy Rhodes.
Wow, what school of scapegoating the producer.
See, people don't turn into a radio show because they like the producer.
People don't turn into a radio show, especially a sports show because they got great guests.
I mean, on this station, it's the same people all the time anyway.
You got your Pat Riley and you got your B.O.
Oh, speaking of B.O.
Look at that.
Bad news.
Must be the, must be the humpers on route today back from whatever NFL game was covering yesterday.
Because we got at the three-to-safed new employer.
We know what are the humpers numbers been going in the crapper lately?
Too much.
Perfect.
Between three and six-thirty.
Oh, God.
Hank will be back tomorrow, though.
Make no mistake.
Be sure to run around town telling everybody about that.
The hump will be back tomorrow.
How about those papriots, huh?
They made it exciting there in the end.
In fact, the adults have to play in Kansas City next week.
That could be a real test because Kansas City is a scoring machine.
They got no defense, but they were scoring machine.
So, naturally, we made it exciting enough to send it in overtime so Adam Ventiteri could win it with a field goal.
But how about that Tom Brady and Troy Brown?
Oh, man, unbelievable.
And of course, like I told you, the dolphins pushed over it.
Didn't I tell you that the jet sucked?
Another girls team.
I don't know what they got like a last-place schedule at dolphins.
They play all girls teams.
But next week could be a different story.
Okay, let's get back to this survey.
Okay.
Semi-annual religion pool, which we should have just forgot about it.
Which one are you?
We won't do this again until March, Mark it down March 10th.
We'll go again in March and only once a year.
Because when you repeat things, they don't want to be bothered with it.
In the pool in March, we had 800 atheist diagnostics.
Now, wouldn't you think that that would be the one category at this show of all shows that would like hold up their big time?
You'd think.
What were the hell did they all disappear to?
Agnostics 314, atheist 257.
So, you add those together.
You got 671 as opposed to 800.
Now, you know, you have to account for the fact that a lot of people still out of town.
But nonetheless, Catholics 231 in the pool in March was 260 year 2.
So, that's pretty close.
The second week, you notice how they're even even.
Right, even Stephen.
There's 220 votes at least.
He's coincident.
We're not going to dignify with a response.
Jewish 125.
And last time we broke it down Orthodox, reformed and conservative.
We didn't bother with that this time.
125, Protestants 110.
Born again Christians actually went off.
Hallelujah, baby.
The born again Christians are getting into this show now.
54.
And you want to know why?
Because they're waiting for Armageddon.
They want to hear it first on the show.
I don't know what you want to talk about.
You better cut it out, Mr.
You're going to burn in hell.
Buddhist 12, Shinto 12, which we didn't have Shinto's on last time.
And we apologize to the 7th day Adventist.
We like your scrapple.
We left them off this time.
They had 14 last time.
And probably we're looking to get on the pool this time and couldn't find it.
We apologize, don't we?
A little bit.
No, Shinto 12, Jehovah's Witnesses 10.
What do we have last time?
21.
Oh, don't tell me we've offended that Jehovah's Witnesses.
Maybe they became born again Christians.
That could be it.
Maybe that's where the other ones came from.
Muslim 8, Mormon 6.
We had 8 Mormons last time only 6 this time.
Very depressing.
Hindu 4, Scientologists 4.
And Christian scientists we had 3.
Probably reporting to Tom Cruise and Lisa Marie every day.
Do you hear what they said on that show?
Oh, those are the Scientologists remember.
So it's a big day today.
One o'clock we got the trend coming out.
Now what's the other reason it's a big day?
Oh, it might be because it won a clock.
Our Toronto engineer is going to be here in this little studio mine.
In this beautiful little studio.
And guess what he's going to fix today boys and girls?
The phone!
Welcome!
Yeah, that's right.
So that leads into our poll questions for today.
Which I'm sure Eric is sitting on Pinson Eatles on the end of his little sofa.
Although in Erskine, it's probably a big sofa with a big woopy cushion.
Here's our poll question today.
We're going to get the phones fixed today.
And he said something about messing with the equalization or the something.
Which I sure hope he doesn't because does it sound like you like we have any kind of a problem?
No, it sounds great.
Sounds better than it did before I went off to Amsterdam, doesn't it?
Indeed it does.
Sounds excellent.
We don't talk it over each other.
And you sound like you're sitting right across the room which would be on that little balcony out there.
Don't lean back.
It's several stories down here.
Oops!
There he goes.
But so I hope he doesn't mess with that.
But of course knowing our engineers and I'm sure he'll be on the phone with many Bob when he comes here at 1 o'clock.
But the phones are going to be fixed which leads to the possibility that we can take phone calls on his show again.
So here's our poll question.
Should Neil start taking calls on his show again?
We've got five choices.
Wow.
Well, I like to give him a lot of choices.
Yes, please.
Exclamation point.
Yes, but only a few.
Maybe one day a week.
Absolutely not.
Please.
Exclamation point.
Or if he does, I'll blow my brains out.
Exclamation point.
What do you think?
I know what Carlos is voting for.
I see.
Should Neil start taking calls on his show again?
Oh, Carlos, don't do it.
Yes, please.
Exclamation point.
Yes, but only a few.
Maybe one day a week.
Absolutely not.
Please.
Exclamation point.
And if he does, I'll blow my brains out.
Exclamation point.
But there's the poll, Eric.
Yeah, where the hell did all our atheist diagnostics go?
Well, I probably thought about it.
Speaking of polls before we do the break.
Newsweek pool right up to date.
In this week's Newsweek, which has got the front cover story about how we made the
Putz Adam made him what he is today, which I got the part of that for you.
Newsweek pool.
How the book has the Bush administration done a good job of explaining US policy toward Iraq?
26,000 responses, give or take.
Yes, 34%.
No, 60% don't know 5%.
You got that?
Yes, he's done a good job of explaining 34%.
No, 60% out nearly 30,000 responses in Newsweek, hardly a liberal rag.
Okay.
I just mentioned that in passing 913 at 560 WQM.
I'm sure you've heard the news about the 3.95% mortgage.
So if you've been thinking about doing it, don't just think anymore.
Do something.
I was the time the smart time to buy a home or refinance.
You're existing home at the incredibly, the amazingly low rate of only 3.95%.
If you have a 7.5% mortgage, the 3.95% would save you over 3.5% or over 3500 bucks the first year on 100,000 mortgage.
So instead of making things hard for yourself, pick up the phone and make them easy by calling financial group with their toll free number 1-809-40-LED.
That's 1-809-4053-63.
Getting a mortgage someplace else in the long run is going to cost you a lot of cash, thousands of dollars every year.
Think of all the money you're going to save when you have a 3.95% mortgage.
Financial group has helped thousands and thousands and zillions of customers just like you.
Put your financing in the best possible position by getting yourself a 3.95% mortgage call financial group today.
Be sure to Tom Todd Dreck told you to call 1-809-4053-63.
1-809-4053-63.
There were equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait to God then long.
My and local, this is Sports Radio 560.
Way to new way.
Hey, Spongebob right out of his jockstrap.
Tonight on HBO.
It's the sensitive sopranos.
I thought I'd give you a new dress.
I hope she likes the color.
It's the color of my new machine gun.
Thanks, you're so thoughtful. You're a real jam.
I'm sorry, but the horse said in your bed.
I promise next time nothing bigger than a chihuahua.
The sensitive sopranos.
Yotani, thanks for cleaning the dead bodies off the carpet.
You're real domesticer paid.
Mother thing.
Hey, you know what? I left the category off of there.
Just when Eric got the whole pull up there and I got make him put another one on her.
Sorry, Eric.
Makes no difference to me.
Oh, very good, right?
Huh?
Sure.
In other words, we got that one percentage.
I don't know what the percentage, but there's a percentage of the audience that they don't care.
They're so loyal and they're so obsessed.
Obsessed.
Then if I sat here going and as long as they knew it was me going like that, or if I was just going like that,
they would listen religiously for hours every day every every single day.
That's right.
We'll find out how many of them listen when George was on this summer.
Come on, morning.
When we dissect all those numbers and the trend June, July and August,
this is going to be pressure.
Heavy duty, baby.
Don't you feel the pressure?
Yes, I do.
I'll be right back.
Probably because you didn't go out and take a crap this morning.
That's the news for the audience by the way who keep track.
George went out and took a leak this morning, but not a crap, which I can't believe that.
Took one before I left.
I see.
Only one.
Just one.
Oh, the word around town is Joe Rosen, Charles Elmore, our bad mouthing somebody on the station.
I don't want to mention any names.
Okay, so there we go.
It makes no difference.
That was quick.
Jesus, God.
Look at that.
Boy, this Eric is on top of it today, man.
He's probably the one who voted for all those sick and wicked.
He's probably done it just to be a smart ass.
He always got kind of a strange sense of humor.
Yes.
No, no.
No.
We start out.
10,000 and two votes.
Eric, like I said, you need some mental help.
No, no, maybe.
Maybe that's just an aberration.
No, he did that to crack you up.
He'll fix it.
I will work.
He wanted to show that he can read the poll too if it really came in.
Oh, I know that.
He can read it and the poll too.
Court day today for videotape mom and it come to find out that she's an Irish traveler.
This bitch who's now a media celebrity.
Just like those three.
Oh, and then Michael Mayo, which I wouldn't waste the time.
I wouldn't dignify him by reading it on here.
He's got this hearts and flowers thing where he rips the guy from the medical school there in Miami.
Because they initially said that the three, those three are schmata heads couldn't go to school.
But they're eventually going to like change their mind when the publicity dies down.
And he's ripping this guy.
These three clowns I'm by any standards.
They deserve whatever the hell they get.
Making up stories about, well, we're going to do this and we're going to blow it up.
You know, and if you don't believe this broad, I mean, there's no way that anybody, no matter what kind of a scumbag she might be.
No matter how big of a, she might be alleged.
Could the con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con con
I'm going to be in the alley if those numbers don't come out good today, but I tend to the pressure. Oh, this I realize it's only a trend, but you gotta understand this only takes you up to like when I came back. Not that it's going to be any big deal when I come back, but nevertheless it probably might be court day today for videotape mom. We'll get to the travelers thing in a minute, which ought to be pretty interesting. The Irish travelers that's with two L's.
According hearing a said today for Indiana for Madeline Gorman, too good. The 25 year old mother who is videotape hitting her four year old girl in a department store parking lot. I'm sure that nobody has audience to see that videotape more than 4,000 times.
Too good who faces a child battery charge has had her daughter taken from her and placed in foster care to other children's sons are said to be staying with relatives.
Hi baby right now is with people she doesn't know because of what I did she's been took away sob to good she's been took away. She's never did nothing wrong. Who the hell's calling on my cell phone? Is that my cell phone?
They didn't mind. Who the hell could that be your bookie? I don't I don't have a bookie. My cell phones ran in the other room. Doesn't that make you like curious who'd be coming. It's probably a wrong number. Maybe it's normal. She never did nothing wrong and she's not going to know what we have.
I got to go get my cell phone. I'm a tune. Okay. I got to just see it. No problem.
You have reached mailbox number. Yeah. That's nice. It's a wrong frickin number. I'm not leaving no message. Go away. Okay. Kill that music.
Now let's see. Let's get back to this illiterate rambling from this bitch. She never did nothing wrong and she's not going to know what we haven't come and got her.
This is from CBS news.com. I'm not just a paraphrasing. This is a direct quote. She's not going to know what we haven't come and got her. She's been took away.
For sterilization folks have been telling you on this program for years. Too good to say that she lost her temper in the parking lot of Cole's department store in Michigan, Indiana because she was having a bad day and she feels terrible now about
her actions. You ever been in Michigan, Indiana? No. Don't go there. Okay. She told reporters yesterday that it's true. She had her four year old daughter Martha, no kidding in the head and back and pulled her hair, but she didn't punch her.
Too good said she herself was horrified when she saw the videotape. I was thinking I looked like a monster. Too good said crying. I can't believe I did that to my little four year old girl. Right.
On a surveillance videotape of the September 13th incident, which has been televised nationally 52 million times. Too good appears to be making punching motions toward her daughter who was mostly hidden within the sport utility vehicle.
Martha didn't deserve what she got to but said I just lost my temper. Authorities have said too good left the Cole's department store in Northern Indiana, angry because she was denied a cash refund for two pairs of jeans. She denied that the failed refund of tempos connected to the beating.
Now you're trying to tell me and we're not accusing her specifically but it just in general that one of the scams that the travelers like to pull as they go in a shop lift stuff and then they go to the refund thing and try to get the cash. Right. That's a standard shoplifting kind of thing like you steal something from one series and then go try to return it another for cash.
I see her attorney Steven Rosen said he believed the heading took place because Martha this beam of this behaved in the store taking toys out of packages and wandering away prompting store employees to page too good twice.
Too good was said she's an Irish traveler who currently lives in Michigan but moves from place to place looking for work reiterated her feelings that her daughter should at least be allowed to live with her husband or another family member.
She said she hopes to be reunited with her daughter and that she or daughter in her husband John planned to start parenting classes.
Oh anything they want us to do will do to good said she was charged with felony of battery to which childhood carries a maximum penalty of three years in prison.
She said her two young son the sons are saying. Now the Irish traveler thing which I checked it out on the web no matter what you check out in the web there's always some pretty interesting crap our polls up by the way we got 27 votes Irish traveler sometimes known as I tinderance or tinkers.
Tinkers.
Yes.
You are a very small minority group in Ireland tinkers.
They make up less than 1% of the population with about 23,000 people in the Republic and another 1,500 in the North.
It's also estimated there are about 15,000 Irish travelers in Britain and another 7,000 in the USA.
Irish travelers belong to a distinct ethnic group within Ireland.
They have their own language beliefs and social customs which have been made stronger over time to their exclusion and marginalization from mainstream settled society.
Yeah, they're pretty marginal occasionally Irish travelers have been confused with the Roma or gypsies in England who despite centuries of coexistence cover interchange and limited intermarriage remaining distinct people until lots of long ago Irish travelers who referred to as tinkers.
This word refer to their occupation as tin smith and metalworkers and was derived from the Irish word seared smith or tinkered tin smith.
This word is now generally used in a derogatory sense.
You got them tinkers.
Most of the travelers traditional crafts such as spoon mending, tin smithing and flour making you've gone by the way now as a result of urbanization and introduction of plastic industrial technology.
Travelers musicians have included the great you will a willinian Piper Felix Durand.
Oh God, don't you love him?
And the world renowned folk musicians, the fury brothers.
The music and singing of the Irish travelers have been in decline since urbanization and the arrival of television or as Alex Bennett would say, television.
Fewer travelers now rely on singing and making music for their livelihood is in times gone by.
There are a number of theories as the origin of Irish travelers, their secret language shelter and the evidence of various historical references to them would seem to indicate that their remnants of an ancient class of wandering poets joined by those who were pushed off the land during different times of social and economic people such as Cromwell's campaign of slaughtered the battle of boy and the battle of augurum.
Many of the travelers may also be the descendants of people who are homeless as a result of the Irish potato famines of the 19th century.
I think it's kind of like upgrade a little bit, you know, get at least into the 20th century.
Huh? Get over it already.
Yeah, get over all of that. Okay. There's plenty of potatoes around.
Meaning X.
926 at 560 WQAM, happy Monday to you.
And you know, the beast, the beast is not going to be working at a morning show anymore. That's the room where I'm hearing.
He's lost 55 pounds on balance for life. And you can do the same thing.
There are all these quack diets out there. All of these pills that are supposed to make you lose weight overnight while you're sleeping.
All of these potions and lotions and that stupid kaito sand and kaito saw. Forget about it because all areas one big rip off exploiting you because you're two things, you're fat and you're desperate.
Balance for life isn't a scam. It's delicious, prepared food, accordingly.
Quite of the principles of the zone diet by Dr. Berry's here. But like I keep telling you, the zone diets are very complicated and too complicated for most people, which is why balance for life is so great because they do all of the figuring.
They hormonally balance all of your meals and your food is all there. You don't have to count calories. You don't have to count carbs. You don't have to go shopping. You don't have to do anything because they bring right to what you do have to do one thing.
And there's select from the list. They give you there's a menu list every day and you pick from two choices for each meal for each snack.
And that's it. That's the only thing you have to do, whatever you like the best. And that little black snack, a satch, that they delivered to you during every morning by a six o'clock is got all your food in there for the whole day three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks right here.
Do a step and believe me, the food is fresh. It's delicious. There's nothing frozen. There's nothing pre fabricated.
There's no tiny little packages like those other diet programs and the wages comes just pouring off your body while you've had a big smile on your plus because you're full, you're satisfied and you're eating delicious, great gourmet stuff.
And you just can't beat it. So pick up that phone call balance for life right now. And I promise you, in no time at all, you'll look better than the beast. Call 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229. It's the painless, the healthy way to lose weight. You can check them out on the web if you like it. BalanceForLife.com.
And look out. This is 4305-162-2-A.
How it, David?
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. And that's why I think the Jettel have a chip-pean-ship season. And what did I tell you? You don't talk, do I say you can talk?
This is the beast. I said shut up, fatso. That you're like a father to me. You don't talk, Talam, Don't talk. When I'm done talking, then you talk.
Okay, I'll make a beast. Come here. Come here. I want you to let me be the friend of mine. Mr. Gough Club. Why are you on a...
I'm going to show you the business, I'm going to stay. Come here.
This court sentences you to 20 years in Oz.
What do you info?
I don't know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
How it, David? Starras, stage screen and paradise. What's your name?
Nico, Nico, you got so pan.
Thank you. Hey, you can have some powder and drill, I'm going to make you my woman.
Hey, nobody wants to laugh at you. God, God, God, do you think you're a man?
All right, shower, time. You got 10 minutes.
Well, it was to be safe and easy.
Yo, both of you. Yo, man.
In Lora, New Linda, blau over there.
They told you pretty.
Okay.
Poor embarrassed me like that. You know who I am?
Oh, come on, then don't take it up now.
Probably a bullet, man. All right.
But I expect a print in apology, I might just point that broom and go down.
Kill all the broom and I'll take the broom and I'll take the broom and I'll take the broom.
Kill the broom and I'll take the broom and I'll take the broom and I'll take the broom.
The warden will see you now.
Thank you.
Well, Mr. David.
Hello, Warden.
Hello. Jack. Jack.
How can I help you?
You see, Warden?
Yeah.
I keep getting raped.
So, isn't that a shame?
I look into it right away.
Thanks a lot.
It's about time.
It is out. Drop your pass.
I said drop your pass.
This was odd.
Favours don't come to you.
Yo, yo, yo.
Let's rape. Oh, I'm afraid.
Yo, big shot.
That's how we pass the time away.
In the G.O.J.
Room around the building is at number one with three bullets.
That's what I'm hearing.
And you know, it's just downed on me.
I guess I'm a little bit slow on the upchuck.
But the fact that the beast is like being reassigned to other duties and is being blown off at that morning show
when it comes back from vacation next week, you don't think of anything to do with that bit to you.
Anyway, moving right along.
We got 69 votes.
Look at that interesting number.
69 should Neil start taking calls on the show again, because they're fixing our phones today at one o'clock.
How do you like that?
Yes, but only a few 19.
Maybe one day week 17.
Yes, please 14.
If he does, I'll blow my brains out.
Nine.
It makes no difference to me.
Seven 10%.
See, it's that 10% loyal people out there.
They don't give a crap what we do.
I like that.
We should have like 100% blown those people.
Yeah, absolutely not.
Please only three.
Only three.
Absolutely not.
So that's pretty interesting, huh?
I voted to blow blow my brains out.
So those are the early returns and of course Carlos and George both say, oh, we don't want to do that.
We don't want to hear 400 times a day again.
Well, we'll see.
You know, we'll play it by you.
We got because we're going to have the phones off fixed.
We kind of ashamed to have the thing actually working here tomorrow and not be using it.
Yeah, that would be tragic.
We got some facts is here.
Here's one that says Neil, you're wrong.
The dolphins play the second toughest schedule.
The NFL is your same as the Patriots.
Well, guess what?
They get off to an easy start just like they do every year, which is why they're three and because they play three girls team so far.
I look at that Detroit.
The pathetic defenseless cult who fumbled away past girls team Houston expansion team yesterday.
And the jets who are girls team with all respect to what we know respect to our New Yorkers out there who always sing in a big tune.
The jets suck.
I told you that before the game yesterday.
The jets are a joke.
They got no offense and they got no defense.
Other than that, they're pretty good.
They suck.
Whereas the Patriots knocked off Pittsburgh who supposedly was going to be so damn good.
They pounded the crap out of them.
The jets who were like one and oh at the time who wriggled off against Buffalo and overtime who were supposed to be good.
They pounded the crap out of them.
And Kansas City who's got to dynamite offense that what else I running.
Crash name.
Priest priest Jesus priest something like that.
Holmes.
Holmes priest.
Sure.
Priest your lock Holmes.
Anyway, so they send you the dolphin schedule Denver Oakland Kansas City Patriots are the jets twice right there girls team the goals of the cults.
San Diego, which is another girls team and a bear is who are like a lot worse than everybody thought they would be.
How come you knew that?
How come you knew priest Holmes?
That was Chuck.
I know, but that's what I'm saying.
I thought you weren't into sports.
No, I follow football.
I just compared to these people.
I'm not into sports.
In other words, you're more casual.
You're not obsessed with it.
Yeah.
You're not psychotic about it.
Yeah, it's not my life.
Here's Jerry the Ebullient guy.
Remember him?
No.
Yeah, he's the one I was called from New York that day to correct my pronunciation.
And he was trying to tell me it was the abuelion.
Abuelion.
Abuelion.
And then I finally we looked it up on the thing and I was of course right.
See, I know my words, okay, schmuck.
Jerry.
But anyway, Jerry sends me a fact.
He says, um, high George Haneel.
They had a tame at the yardstick.
I measure quality and radio entertainment by the level of my wife's displeasure.
Simply put, if she really, really despises something, A, it's probably great stuff, and B, I'm
probably going to love it.
And man, she hates you like poison meal.
She thinks you are Schmidt and Carnot.
And you know, the best part, she's a stockbroker.
And that's where he says, Oy would tend wise.
By the way, a friend turned me out of the near Roger Show about three years ago while in
Coral Gables.
And now that I'm able to get this show off, they're not listening religiously, despite
having been a diehard Howard Spurman fan for years.
Let's face it, Howard Spurman is known to your Rogers.
And I can say, uh, with certainly this is not an ass-ducking, but a mere statement of fact.
Anyway, pick his son, Lips, Snow Tongue, your New York Pally, Jerry, the Aburian God.
PSC with the Macarena, sometimes this year.
Maybe a couple of times.
How about those maple leaves, huh?
No.
Come on, one on exhibition game last night.
And here's a thanks from Dick and Coral Gables Springs.
Do you see this?
No.
Well, I mean, yeah.
Let's see, Richard, oh, I see here's the response because he he fact the program director at WABC.
About Lynn, but Lynn getting fired.
Lynn Samuels is great.
By the way, and we love her.
She's got a great website, which we got a link to on our website now.
She's great.
She's like heads and shoulders above most of the other bozos who do this kind of radio.
She says, they respond to this writer.
Okay, since you asked, Lynn Samuels program, I said it was not profitable for WABC.
Although we paid her salary and never able to sell advertising inside the show.
Things have been tough for all advertising.
And they put a couple of syndicated shows on my cheap channel does.
We don't pay the salaries they're syndicated shows while advertising is still difficult.
We have an easier time selling financial based shows to money type clients than we did for Lynn Samuels.
I do regret the decision.
I was always a Lynn fan as I know you are to sign filled voice from Golden Pacifica.
How do you like that?
Lynn Samuels getting screwed over there.
It's the nature of the business.
We'd hang in there.
And whatever you do, don't stop with that website.
There's a lot of great crap on there.
There's not a single day that goes by.
It'll get some good stories off her website.
Couple accused.
And this is a natural segue off the story about that too good bitch, the traveler.
Couple accused of locking seven year old girl in room for months.
This is in Tampa.
How do you like that?
Again, most of the bad crap comes back to Florida.
Yeah, a mother and her boyfriend were arrested for allegedly locking the woman's seven year old daughter in a room for more than four months and giving her so little food she looked like a walking skeleton.
Connie warrington 23 and David La Point 36 faced eight counts of abuse including caging food deprivation and medical neglect to go into a police report.
When police filed a girl earlier this month, she weighed 25 pounds.
Normally a child that aged away by 55 pounds.
She looked like a walking skeleton.
Tampa police spokesman Joe Durkin said in relation to Tom Durkin.
Police on Friday charged warrington a housekeeper with three counts of abuse and La Point who is unemployed with five counts who's unemployed.
A couple originally from Glens Falls, New York.
We're being held without bail police didn't know if the couple had attorneys.
You ever went to Glens Falls, New York?
No, I haven't.
Don't go there.
Okay.
In May, warrington, I'm lawfully took her daughter from a New York hospital where she was being treated for the effective abuse and moved to Tampa, Durkin said.
Tampa police didn't have the tales of the abuse she was being treated for.
Earlier this month, the girls biological father, Daniel Sims, discovered that dismal conditions after he came up with a quarter of her picker up.
You know, as custody of his daughter in Glens Falls.
According to the Tampa police report, warrington and La Point kept the girl in a locked bedroom with no furniture, no toys.
She used the closet as a bathroom.
The child said La Point locked her up and only occasionally fed her because she was bad and he hated her according to the report.
La Point bit the girl on the back as a form of punishment through the reports said.
The child also told police La Point pushed a bead deep into her ear canal, doctors in New York hospital surgically removed it earlier this month.
State authorities have custody of La Point of warrington's children, a one-year-old boy and three-year-old girl who were healthy and unharmed.
For sterilization, baby, like I said, forst-freaking sterilization.
That's the only hope for the future of the God-Dame human subhuman race.
Forst sterilization.
Now, and I get to pick and choose.
941-560WDQM. How about those Emmys? Watch it.
No.
No. You watch it? No. I feel that was on.
Good choice.
Hey, by now I'm sure you've heard the incredible earning potentially a computer professional. Have you heard about that?
I know it.
You've heard me talk about the incredible demand for certified computer professionals and about the great people at fast train. Make no mistake about it.
It's time to do yourself a big favor. Pick up the phone and call our good friends at fast train at their toll free number.
1-866-FAST-TRAIN. If you're trying to work in for peanuts, if you're not having two nickels to rub together, you can complete this program, get certified in just four short months and be on your way to a newer high paying career.
Fast train has got four convenient locations in Dayton, Broward, including that brand new one in Kendall. They've got convenient classes for days, evenings and even weekends to fit your personal schedule.
Fast train has got a full-time job placement department with over 30 years' experience.
So what are you waiting for? Pick up that phone today called this number toll free 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
That's 1-866-FAST-TRAIN. Be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck useless as teats on a pencil to any of you call.
And of course you can check him out on the web if you like at fasttrain.com.
I am the local FISIS FICITY. The radio is on your phone.
You will hear.
It's on clear streak right now.
Good afternoon. This is your captain speaking with just a little flight information.
Coming up on the left, we're going to be catching a glimpse of the Grand Canyon on the right. You can be able to see the Hubert Dam in just a few minutes.
A couple little packs here on packing a Colton King Cobra. That's a 357 caliber fire arm with a black rubber friff and a six-inch barrel.
Copilot is carrying a Kimber custom defense pistol with all the bells and whistles you'd expect from a custom gun of that kind with an alloy frame and bevel treatment on the entire gun.
I let's got a gun. I let's got a gun.
It's a loaded one. Down to nothing down.
Better think it through. For you will take the food instead of kill getting arrested.
Something worse will happen on the plane.
You tear a wheel, seven cumin, now the power is never going to find the door without your plane.
Just sit back and relax and enjoy the rest of the flight.
I'm 47 at 560 WCOM. You know these scumbags in Chicago that ran out there in the field this father and his son.
Yes. The guy with the tattoos all over his body looked like Charles Manson on a bad day. Come to fight out.
But this wasn't something that they did because they were drunk because it was the ninth inning they had too many beers. Come to find out. It looks like it was premeditated.
A cook county judge ordered a man who ran out of the field at Kamiski Park and attacked the Kansas City World's coach held on $200,000 bond.
During a hearing a prosecutor described how William League Jr. telephone his sister before the attack and told her to watch the White Sox game because he was going to be on.
When she couldn't find the game on TV, he told her to watch the news because he'd be on it.
The assistant states attorney Colleen daily be saying it was just a short time after that called daily said that league in his 15 year old son round the field and the ninth inning of that game between the White Sox and the world and attacked Tom Gambo at the first base coach.
League was charged with a felony account of an aggravated battery in a public place of amusement daily said.
League told police after his arrest that he charged in the field because he was angry the White Sox were losing. But daily said the attack was premeditated.
Shortly before he ran out of the field, League handed his key cell phone and jewelry to another one of his sons.
She said league was wearing a pocket knife on his waistband when he ran out of the field.
The 15 year old son has been charged with two juvenile cancer aggravated battery, one for attacking Gambo and the other one for hitting a White Sox security guard in off duty police officer.
The teenagers doing court today daily said the attack on the 54 year old and Gambo was unprovoked and disputed the contention reportedly made by League in his son that the coach provided.
The other was the neck along story show with his scumbag and his punk kid.
This was his 15 seconds of fame.
That's interrupt. Yes. Tom Wallings on reaches and Kathy right now.
Oh, what channels that are? That's on seven down here.
Well, I don't know about that. Let's see. There's WKBW. There's a bunch of parts right there.
Oh, don't tell me I don't have it. Oh, there he is.
Oh, no, we're not going to come over now.
Oh, you have betcha that's the end of it too. Was that the end of the interview?
Oh, no. You've got to be smitten me or you're really falling down on the job.
Oh, I forgot about it. That was a fact. Actually that I got.
Well, don't you remember you told me on Friday we both forgot about it.
And I have to take the blame for that because you know that that's heavy duty stuff.
Tomorrow, small bell return. It should be in and talk about how your mind is not working too well.
You forgot about the fact that that guy who found the little octagonal piece of the spaceship that the he like kind of floated it toward the thing and it like locked it in a place.
And a spaceship kind of like took off a little bit. It was like floating.
I was in there season finale. It was like kind of like Carlos, not our Carlos there, but the one up by the front reception desk.
It was floating.
The space and the spaceship too.
And Port Tom Welling, he had to go like after that red pickup truck and he wasn't really sure whether he wanted to catch it or not because he wasn't sure whether Lanna was in it or Janet Reno.
So it's going to be a heavy duty episode. The premiere of this year's of this season, small bell on WB tomorrow night.
What time is that on eight or nine?
Eight I think I was confused about that. I think you're wrong. I think it's nine.
But somebody will tell us, okay, because I sure want to miss that. I'll have the tape running. I'll have all three TVs turned on over the place here.
Now we got a mixed bag on our pole so far today.
We got 130 votes.
And we have like all over the place. Should Neil start and let me say it again.
Case you missed the beginning of the show, which shame on you because it's a big day in paradise, baby.
One o'clock today, the trend comes out, which is two thirds of the summer book. This is George's in addition to which, of course, this will also see if we instead of those awful best of Neil tapes from last summer, which we were running twice a week.
Well, there might be on a few not too many day and not by choice. Believe me, I didn't want to be sick, which I haven't even told about like being sick yesterday.
Oh, yeah.
I thought here we go again. I woke up yesterday morning with like a little chills and fever. I thought, oh, no, but I think what happened is that over the night before the night, whatever, Saturday night, I slept like with the covers off to the side.
I got like a little bit of a chill. I can't sleep and get a chilled man. It's when anything that happens, I get sick.
But I thought here we go back to the flu again, back to the Amsterdam flu. But luckily I took my Allegra, my extra strength, title them all to see if I get damaged by liver and I'm doing pretty good.
I just mentioned that in passing. Now, how did I get to that summer book?
Yeah, so we'll see if those two days a week that I worked, which I worked a few days for me. I'm sure they do for me. I'm one.
I did a few. I was sick. Look, do you think I really wanted to be sick, especially in Amsterdam? I don't think so. That was depressing.
Hey, they're back. They got tumbled. There he is.
For man, Clark Kent was like when he was in his face, is he growing like a little growth Superman?
Yeah, and those are great. He was like that time.
Two minutes who've been on commercial. Mike is actually throwing himself.
What's with that bad duo? It looks like he ran into a lawnmower.
Wow. And admiring his feet.
Well, he's a very large, few guys have large feet and some guys have large zookinis.
What's the problem?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Some guys have both.
I see that small bill. Now that's that this is early Clark Kent, so there are no types of it.
Okay, well, we can't put Regis on here. We got a show to do. 137 votes, but I'm watching another corner of my eye.
Should Neil start taking calls on the show because the phones will be fixed at one o'clock.
We got the trans. Come on. We got the engineer coming up here to fix the phones.
146 votes. Yes, but only a few.
44 30.1%. Yes, please.
37 25 point. Some other words about a quarter of the audience is really Jones in for phone calls.
My icon. That's tough. You know, it makes no difference to me.
23 15.7%. Boy, I'll tell you that number is zooming up there. You know what?
The royal audience crowd out there.
Yeah, see he's going little schmutz.
Not like that. Go take a shave, Tom. You idiot. Day off.
I don't give me that crap. It's his day off. He's growing a schmutz.
All the guys now they got to have that little bit of schmutz under face that went out with knickers.
Okay, sweet heart. Clean it up a little bit.
Makes no difference to me. 23 maybe one day a week. 23.
If he does, I'll blow my brains out 12.
And absolutely not please seven. So it's like all over the place this poll, which is good.
It's good. It's like nip and tuck a real battle.
We have a look at him right now in this clip from small bill now.
Here we go. Your dad is missing right in this particular scene. Yes.
And you know, he's got his hand on his crotch.
Have the combine to hunt the list. I think he's going to whip it out right now.
Jackson, you still there? Clark.
I just trying to call the fire department.
Hey, skinhead at skinhead Luther Boy watch out for him Clark. He's going to be trouble, baby.
He's going to be big trouble. Never trust a skinhead.
Scientists question bush case against Iraq. This is by Andrew Bunkham and Washington from the British independent.
One of the key pieces of evidence in the Bush administration's case for military action against Sodom.
Usain has been questioned by a number of leading US scientists.
It also alleged that the administration is silencing dissent among its own analysts to raise questions.
Two weeks ago, the administration heralded the oh, and guess what else is a week from today?
A week from today?
Something big the next week to September 30th. What is it?
Pizza locked opening. That's it.
Two weeks ago, the administration heralded the discovery of shipments of thousands of high-strength aluminum tubes to Iraq as proof that President Sodom was secretly trying to develop a program to produce nuclear weapons.
Such tubes can be used in the production of enriched uranium vital for such a program.
The discovery of the tubes, which were intercepted on route to Iraq, was leaked to a leading American newspaper.
Vice President Cheney went on television talk show to say the tubes were evidence that Sodom was actively and aggressively trying to develop a nuclear program.
But a report from the Institute for Science and International Security ISIS says such claims cannot be made.
The reported RACTA, which has been obtained by the independent yesterday, concludes by themselves these attempted procurements are not evidence that Iraq is in possession of or close to possessing nuclear weapons.
They don't provide evidence that a RACTA has an operating centrifuge plant or where in such a plant could be operational.
Washington said that in the past 14 months it has seized two separate shipments of tubes to Iraq.
While the refuses to say where the seizures took place, it's been reported that at least while the shipments originated in China was intercepted in Jordan, there was no evidence that any of the tubes actually reached Iraq.
The shipments sparked concern among the U.S. intelligence community because of the use of such tubes in the centrifuges employed to make enriched uranium for nuclear bombs.
Because these centrifuges rotate up to a thousand times a minute, it's essentially used high-strength heat resistant metals.
But the report produced by ISIS and independent group that studies nuclear and other security issues questions this conclusion on several technical grounds suggesting that based on information released by the government, these tubes were of a thickness that would make them difficult to weld.
It also says that by the time Iraq nuclear weapons program was destroyed by coalists and forces during the Gulf War, it had abandoned aluminum for specialized steel and carbon fiber.
David Albright, director of ISIS and a scientist with first-hand experience of Iraq nuclear weapons program as a member of the International Atomic Energy Agency's inspection team, said there was a debate within the U.S. scientific community about the government's claims, but added that the Bush administration clamped down on such discussion.
I don't know why there's not more debate. He said I've heard that a lot of people are expected to remain silent.
The Bush administration certainly scared people. I met one government scientist who said his phone was being monitored.
How do you like that?
What can you say? Huh? Scary.
That's all you can say about it.
9.56 at 5.60 WQAM. Happy Monday. It's a big day, baby. I think today is the turning point all of our lives. You know what? You believe that? No.
Sounds good though.
Yeah, I'll tell you what will be the turning point in your carpet's life. And that is one good cleaning from our friends at dry concepts. It'll turn your whole attitude around toward carpet cleaning.
If you've tried other people and been disappointed in the past, if you tried schlepping home that heavy equipment from the supermarket and made yourself a mess, a soggy mess on the floor, don't waste your time with any of that anymore.
Call our good friends at dry concepts. They've been in town for over 23 years. I've been using them in my house for 20 years.
And everybody I know that's got a brain that's got any common sense uses these folks because nobody does it better. Nobody gives you a fair deal either.
And like I always tell you, dry concepts give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job. Sooner have to worry about rip offs, tack on this appointments when they finish. Oh, sorry. We gave you wrong estimate. There's no such thing. A written guaranteed price before they start to an respect, tack it or job when they finish your carpets look just like brand new. They smell.
They're dry and they're dry and just a couple of hours you'll have a bit one of the biggest smiles on your post you've had in a long time. And they also do a spectacular, unbeatable job, a clean your furniture and drapery making them look just like brand new spot dying fiber protection, carpet repairs, in plant or rental rough service, that snazzy big plant of theirs, the authorization and a flood ever hits your house, complete water damage restoration to their miracle workers right there on your floor. So call them today. You'll have a like I said, a gigantic smile on your ugly post in Broward called ride concepts at nine five four three seven oh 7778.
9 5 4 3 7 0 7778 in data Palm Beach is a toll free call 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 clean today, entertain tonight with dry concept.
We're sports radio 560.
Yeah.
Nabagala.
All were enthusiastic to have American pop singer last best join us.
This is gula on our until permission.
Then we received a video of his band in sync in the mail.
After viewing the resicons, he sucks.
He's horrible.
Junior embarrassment.
We told him to pack his bags.
I told him to take his tang and get the hell out of Russia.
I just nobody.
Instead of a little boy band bastard. We're sending it is place at cargo box.
God.
God.
Which frankly is more talented and smell better.
This is an outrage.
It's not wonder you Americans are all in.
Yeah.
Counseling my god.
My god in heaven.
I feel I must now vomit.
I chased the file in my throat.
Excuse me.
Thank you.
Bye.
Bye.
Exactly.
See there.
There are two.
10256 UW-Q-A-M.
We got a big day today.
Maybe the mad dog Jim Madditchie won.
And of course nothing is perfect.
We got for Hank between from Shula's no less.
Oh, brother.
Man.
And then he's got the net more on with the between five and six with Joseph Yankee.
Who are cool and hotline from David Buster's six thirty to eight thirty.
The big eight thirty to ten because we couldn't find anybody else.
Any K at 10 o'clock with a full show and Joe and Mark overnight to the six in the morning.
By the way, our connection wasn't on this morning.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I wonder whose fault that was.
Don't know.
Who can we blame for that?
Oh, here's Molly Ivans again.
Thank you so much.
Well, we'll get to that eventually.
Here's a Christopher Cron who's mayor of Santa Cruz, California.
Why I'm fighting federal drug laws from City Hall.
How did I, a mayor of a small town of California,
wind up in a tug of war with the DEA?
He asked this week.
I stood in front of Santa Cruz's city hall as a local group that provides medical marijuana.
Went about its weekly task of distributing the drug to the second dying.
My story begins on the morning of September 5th when approximately thirty men
dressed in military fatigues and carrying automatic weapons descended on a small cooperative farm run by the
Woll men's alliance for medical marijuana in northern Santa Cruz County.
About 65 miles south of San Francisco.
They were pulling up organically grown marijuana plants.
When the Santa Cruz County Sheriff's Office learned what was going on,
it was at a loss to explain who the intruders were or what type of response was in order.
I didn't hear about the raid till 10 a.m. when I was called in by members of the collective.
I then telephoned the Santa Cruz Police Chief and other local officials.
The Chief had nerdy anything either.
Later it became clear that the DEA was making a raid.
Agents collected more than 130 plants and arrested the founders of the medical marijuana collective.
Valerie and Mike Carrell.
The Carrell of the Wild and Crazy hippies protesting the war and smoking roaches.
You.
I said yes.
The Bushes want to bring this to the print is so small on this story.
I know the Bushes want to bring back the imperial imperial presidency.
The preemption proclamation of the tone of Cheney Caesar and Condi Ben Hurr.
And the resolution sent to Congress seeking authority to go after Iraq was the broadest request for executive military authority since LBJ got the Gulf of Tuckin Resolution member stand to 1964.
At least LBJ had a phony up the Tuckin Resolution to get a provocation.
Mr. Bush can't be bothered.
I cannot believe the golden arrogance of the White House Senator Robert Bird bellowed, which I have a story on that coming up.
Things are getting dangerouser and dangerouser.
Carrell Roves gunning for the Democrats.
Every else of your own is gunning for air effect.
W is gunning for sedan and Al-Qaeda is still gunning for us.
Right.
Glory and doubt.
Well, she used a whole bunch of ones in there.
I can't get the dictionary up either.
So anyway, Newsweek magazine this week.
I highly recommend these September 23rd editions on your new stand now.
How sawdum happened?
It's a front cover story.
I just got a couple of quick pages here.
Take just a minute.
The last time Donald Rumsfeld saw sawdum Hussein he gave him a cordial handshake.
That it was almost 20 years ago to December 20th, 1983.
An official Iraqi television crew recorded a historic moment.
The once in future defense secretary at the time of private citizen had been sent by President Reagan to Baghdad as a special envoy.
Sodum Hussein armed with a pistol on his hip seemed vigorous and confident.
According way, now declassified state department cable obtained by Newsweek.
Rumsfeld conveyed the president's greetings and expressed his pleasure at being in Baghdad, wrote the note taker.
Then the two men got down to business talking about the need to improve relations between their two countries.
Like most foreign policy insiders, Rumsfeld was aware that Sodum was a murderous thug who supported terrorists and was trying to build a nuclear weapon.
The Israelis had already bombed Iraq's nuclear reactor at Osirak.
But at the time, America's big worry was Iran, not Iraq.
The Reagan administration feared that the Iranian revolutionaries would overthrow in the Shaw and take an American hostages and dip-
American diplomats hostage for 444 days would overrun them at least and its vital oil fields.
But that word seems to keep coming up over and over again. You know what that all means?
On the theory that the enemy of my enemy is my friend, the Reaganists were seeking the support Iraq and a long and bloody war against Iran.
The meeting between Rumsfeld and Sodum was consequential.
For the next five years until Iran finally capitulated, the U.S. backed Saddam's armies with military intelligence, economic aid and covert supplies of munitions.
Rumsfeld is not the first American diplomat to wish for the defensive of a former ally.
After all, before the Cold War, the Soviet Union was America's partner against Hitler and WW2.
In the real world is the saying, those nations have no permanent friends, just permanent interests.
Nonetheless, Rumsfeld's long ago interlude with Sodum is a reminder that today's friend can be tomorrow's mortal threat.
As President George W. and his work cabinet, Pandas Sodum's successors regime, they would do well to contemplate how and why the last three presidents allowed the Butcher of Baghdad to stay in power so long.
The history of America's relations with Sodum is one of the sorry or tales in American foreign policy.
Time and again, America turned a blind eye to Sodum's predations, saw him as the lesser evil or flimpsed at the chance to once see them.
No single policy maker or administration deserves blame for creating or at least tolerating a monster.
Many of the decisions seemed reasonable at the time.
Even so, there are moments of this clumsy dance with the devil that make one cringe.
It's hard to believe that during most of the 80s, America knowingly permitted the Iraq Atomic Energy Commission to import bacterial cultures that might be the same.
It might be used to build biological weapons, but it happened.
America's past stumbles while embarrassing are not an argument for in in action in the future.
Sad and probably is the grave and gathering danger described by President Bush in his speech to the one last week.
It may also be true that whoever replaces Sodum is not going to be worse as a senior administration official put it news week.
But the story of how America helped create a Frankenstein monster and I wish his to strangle is sobering.
It illustrates the power of wishful thinking as well as the iron law of unintended consequences.
America didn't put Sodum in power.
He emerged after two decades of turmoil in the 60s and 70s as very as strongmen tried to gain control of a nation that had been concocted by British imperialist in the 20s at a three distinct and rival factions.
These soonies, the Shiites and the Kurds.
But during the Cold War, America competed with the Soviets for Sodum's attention and welcomed his war with the religious fanatics of Iran.
Having co-seed up to a Sodum, Washington found it hard to break away even after going to war with him in 1991.
Through years of both tacit and overall support and covert support, the West helped create the Sodum of today giving him time to build deadly arsenals and dominate his people.
Successive administrations always worried that if Sodum fell, chaos would follow, rippling through the region possibly igniting another Middle East war.
At times it seemed that Washington was transfixed by Sodum.
Can we put like a pause there?
Okay, because there's another page here I want to read.
This is the front cover story in Newsweek, how we created Sodum and Gamora.
1026 at war. Look at that poll.
29 votes.
Chenille's start taking calls on the show again.
Yes, but only a few 70.
Yes, please 65.
Maybe one day a week, 33.
Makes no difference to me, 32.
That's at 14% they love us.
If he does, I'll blow my brains out 16.
And absolutely not, please 13.
Hey, with your busy lifestyle, you know, the energy you can't feel healthy.
There's a product of their, they'll give you energy and make you feel better.
That's all you med.
Olumet contains pharmaceutical grade, olive oil, along with all kinds of other good stuff.
And each cancel their vitamins in there.
There are minerals in there.
There are herbals in there, which promote health for your heart.
There's a separate product for your blood pressure.
One designed to lower your cholesterol.
And one for your prostate, all in little soft-yellow capsule.
You just pop right in your pus.
Olumets also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system.
Your digestive endocrine system, your skin, your bones, even your mind.
All using the benefits of the finest olive oil that money can buy.
And like I always tell you, Olumet makes products for men in some specifically designed for you ladies too.
Olumets and outstanding products, it's helped thousands of men and women all over South Florida help them stay in good health.
And you can pick it up today all over town.
You pick it up at Whole Food Markets, Walgreens, Sedanos and Nevorro Pharmacies.
To get more information about Olumet Color Tool 3 number 1866 Olumet.
That's 1-866 Olumet, which you can also run on their website if you like it.
OlumetAmerica.com
Slide in local, your sports radio 560s, you a-a-a-a.
Big nail is big in a birth of a...
This is just beginning here.
I mean I want to tell you something.
I envy you a lot.
Speaking of envy, you are a remarkable chef.
Oh yeah.
What do you do?
Do you have a regiment?
No, I do work out every chance I get.
But I do manage to get over there to the gym three times a week at least.
Man, you're hot.
So how long?
Wait a minute.
I got your attention.
That's a jack.
That was a number.
What?
Huge.
I love him.
I love him.
You've always got into that.
So I can understand that when things are popping, you grab.
Right.
As just so many...
Let's talk for a minute about 69.
Go forward.
What not?
What a position to be here.
Well, what about every night?
Do you want it?
Um...
Um...
Um...
Exactly.
You notice how Regis is into one of those things now.
He's all he talks about his penises.
It's completely...
It's completely morning.
He was talking about his big feet and his big zucchini, whatever it is.
Regis is into penises now, boys and girls.
I think it's that Kelly Ripper finally turned him around, so let's be good.
Anyway, getting back to this in Newsweek article, it says the Bush administration wants to finally break this spell.
If the administration's true believers are right, Baghdad after Sodom falls will look something like Paris after the Germans fled in August of 44.
American troops will be cheered as liberators, and democracy will spread forth and push Middle East and despotism back into the shadows.
Yet if the gloomy predictions of the administration's many critics come true, the era of street, and claimed by Yankee imperialism, will rise up and replace the shaky but friendly autocrats in the region with Islamic fanatics.
While the Middle East is unlikely to become a democratic nirvana, the worst case scenario is always a staple of the press.
Sodom's are probably also wrong or exaggerated, assuming that a cornered and doomed Sodom does not kill thousands of Americans in some kind of horrific act, a scary possibility, one that deeply worries the administration officials, the greatest risk of his fall is that one strong man may simply be replaced by another.
Sodom's successor may not be a paranoid sadist, but there is no assurance that he'll be America's friend or forceware the development of weapons of mass destruction.
American officials have known that Sodom was a psychopath ever since he became the country's de facto ruler in the early 70s.
One of Sodom's early acts after he took title of President in 79 was the videotape of his party's Congress during which he personally ordered several members executed on the spot.
The message carefully conveyed to the press was not that these men were executed for plotting against Sodom, but rather for thinking about plotting against him.
From the beginning, US officials worried about Sodom's taste for nasty weaponry, indeed, at their meeting in 1983, Rumsfeld warned that Sodom's use of chemical weapons might inhibit American assistance and might inhibit it.
But top officials in the Reagan administration saw Sodom as a useful surrogate.
By going to war with Iran, he could bleed the radical mules who had seized control of Iran from the pro-American Shaw, some Reagan officials even saw Sodom as another anwar seduct capable of making a raccordway modern secular state.
Just as Sodom had tried to do in Egypt before his assassination in 1981.
But Sodom had to be rescued first. The war against Iran was going badly by 1982. Iran's human wave attacks threatened to overrun Sodom's armies, Washington decided to give a racquet helping hand.
After Rumsfeld's visit to Baghdad in 1983, US intelligence began supplying the Iraqi dictator with satellite photos showing Iranian deployments.
Official documents suggest that America may have also secretly arranged for tanks in other military hardware to be shipped to a racquet and a swap deal.
American tanks to Egypt, Egyptian tanks to Iraq.
Over the protest of some Pentagon skeptics, the Reagan administration began allowing the Iraqis to buy a wide variety of dual-use equipment and materials from American suppliers.
According to confidential Commerce Department Export Control documents obtained by Newsweek, the shopping list included a computerized database for Saddam's interior ministry, presumably to help keep track of political opponents.
Helicopters to transport Iraqi officials, television cameras for video surveillance applications, chemical analysis equipment for the Iraq Atomic Energy Commission, and most unsettling numerous shipments of bacteria, fungi, protozoa to the AIEC.
According to former officials, the bacteria cultures could be used to make biological weapons including, including, are you ready for it?
Ready.
I wasn't though, including the state department also approved the ship in a 1.5 million entropy injections for use against the effects of the virus.
The effects of chemical weapons, but the Pentagon blocked the sale.
The helicopters, some American officials later surmised, were used to spray poison gas on the Kurds.
How do you like that?
So we sold them to helicopters that they used to spray poison gas on the Kurds and now that we ring our hands above.
You also almost certainly knew from its own satellite imagery that Saddam was using chemical weapons against Iranian troops.
When Saddam Bab Kurdish rebels and civilians with a lethal cocktail of mustard gas, Serran tabled in VX in 1988, the Reagan administration first blamed Iran before acknowledging under pressure from congressional Democrats that the culprits were Saddam's own forces.
There was only token official protest at the time.
Saddam's men were unfazed, and Iraqi audio tape later captured by the Kurds, record Saddam's cousin, known as Ali Chemical, talking to his fellow officers about gasing the Kurds.
Who's going to say anything he asked? The international community? F them, he says.
The United States said, yeah, FM, Zimbola, Jr. The US was much more concerned with protecting Iraqi well from attacks by Iran as it was shipped to the Persian Gulf.
In 1987, an Iraqi exosad missile hit an American destroyer, the US has starkened the Persian Gulf, killing 37 crewmen.
Incredibly, the United States excused Iraq for making an unintentional mistake and instead used the incident to accuse Iran of escalating the war in the Gulf.
The American tilt to Iraq became more pronounced. US commanders began blowing up Iranian oil platforms on attending Iranian attacking Iranian patrol boats.
In 1988, an American warship in the Gulf accidentally shot down an Iranian airbus, killing 290 civilians.
Within a few weeks, Iran exhausted and fearing American intervention gave up its war with Iraq.
Saddam was feeling cocky. With the support of the West, he had defeated the Islamic revolutionaries in Iran.
America favored him as a regional pillar. European and American corporations were vying for contracts with Iraq.
He was visited by congressional delegations led by Senators Bob Dull of Kansas and Alan Simpson of Wyoming who were eager to promote American farm and business interests.
But Saddam's megalomania was on the rise and the overplayed his hand. In 1990, a US custom sting operation sneered several Iraqi agents who were trying to buy electronic equipment used to make triggers for nuclear bombs.
Not long after, Saddam gained the world's attention by threatening to burn Israel to the ground, at the Pentagon, and let's begin to warn that Saddam was a growing menace, especially after he tried to buy some American made high-tech furnaces used for making nuclear bomb parts.
Yet other officials in Congress and the Bush administration continued to see him as useful if this tasteful, regional strongman.
The State Department was equivocating with Saddam right up to the moment he invaded Kuwait in August of 1990.
How do you like them, Apple? I don't like them. Read it all in Newsweek this week.
Oh, there's El Presidente.
The organization which is not the Canadian society.
Wow. I lunches coming up and I haven't even eaten any yet.
256 votes at our poll. Heavy duty response. Very emotional.
Should Neil be taking calls on his show again, how they're going to fix our phones finally? Yes, but only a few 84.
Yes, please 72 27 and a half percent. Makes no difference to me. 36.
You notice how that stays ready about 14 percent?
Yep. Maybe one day a week, 36. If he does upload my brains out 18.
And absolutely not 14.
Compelling. Now, what is this from? This is from where did I get this article?
Where are the Sunday observer? Another bread paper.
Compelling details of how Saddam Hussein has created a massive secret weapons procurement network to rebuild his nuclear and ballistic missile programs will form the heart of Tony Blair's long awaited Dossie on the threat posed by Iraq.
The dossier to be released tomorrow is expected to show how Saddam has accelerated his efforts to acquire band technologies, particular the nuclear and ballistic missiles since you went inspectors left Iraq in 1998.
It will claim that Iraqi dictator is more dangerous than he was in 1998 when the last two inspectors were forced to leave Iraq.
It is also expected to show how he's massed his activities behind a series of front companies smuggling their works and middlemen in neighboring states all paid for by illegal oil transactions.
Although the dossier is not believed to contain a smoking gun evidence that Saddam's already acquired the material to make a nuclear device.
It will reveal his continuing vigorous efforts to do so.
It is a sober assessment said one number 10 official.
See, they put stuff like 10 Downing Street. Do you think Americans know what that means? Number 10?
No. How about number 6? Who's number 1?
On its own, it should not be well-fied out of one o'clock I guess.
On its own, it should not be seen as justification for military action, but it makes the case about his efforts to obtain weapons and mass destruction.
But Senator Bobby Bird of West Virginia, across the old Bobby Bird says President Bush's plans to evade Iraq are a conscious effort to distract public attention from growing problems at home.
This administration, all of a sudden, wants to go to war with Iraq, Bird said the political polls are dropping, the domestic situation has problems.
So all of a sudden we have this war talk, war fervor, the bubbles of war, drums of war, clouds of war, and the markets take another precipitous crap, by the way.
Yeah. Don't tell me that things suddenly went wrong. Back in August, the President had no plans. Then all of a sudden this country is going to war Bird told the Senate on Friday.
Our politicians talking about the domestic situation, the stock market, weaknesses in the economy, jobs that are being lost, housing problems, no he says.
No.
Bird warned of another gulf of talking resolution passed on August 7, 1964. That resolution handed President Johnson brought powers to escalate the war in Vietnam, a conflict that cost 58,202 American lives and millions of Asian lives.
Congress will be putting itself on the sidelines, Bird told the Senate. Nothing would please this President more than having such a blank check handed to him.
Bird said his belief in the Constitution will prevent him from voting for Bush's war resolution, but I'm finding that the Constitution is irrelevant to people of this administration he said.
Senators Bill Nelson, Democrat of Florida, swallowing Clinton and New York both praise Bird after he spoke.
It is the height of patriotism that has such hard questions Clinton said, no one exemplifies that more than the senior senator from West Virginia.
Bird said before the nation's committed to war before we send our sons and daughters to battle in faraway lands, there are critical questions that need to be asked to date the answers from the administration have been less than satisfying.
He be saying Senator Bobby Bird says no, I don't think so.
I stick motherf***er purple on my socks at night so they smell like his sister's clots in the morning.
Coming up tonight, inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music bag, if you profile story, we take it good, hard, stiff, looking to start.
For Latin Rema, here in America they had nothing more than a minor impact with their songs, Cool Summer and Venus.
But in Britain, they had 23 top 40 singles and were named the most successful All-Girl group in history, which leads to a very important question. What the hell is up with Britain?
Look, look, I really rather not talk about it.
After a song reporter broke a two decade silence about the dirty facts England was hoping to keep buried.
British ambassador to the UN, Nigel Collinsworthy, made this statement.
Peace be banana rama, where is shame? Where in Paris? Get you not to sleeve us in peace.
Inside the behind took to the streets of England to find out how this smarty pants, oh where so much better than new country, could be so filled with cleanest losers who have no taste in music.
Excuse me, excuse me, can you talk to us about how you people thought so highly of banana rama?
Yeah, f*** off out of it nice.
No, darling, I want to sit on the case. Tell everyone we're not all this way. I'm quite fond of the bangles really.
But when our camera crew went to a London pub, things got ugly.
Excuse me gentlemen, care to apologize for banana rama?
Sure, mate. Soon as you apologize for Christopher Cross.
Oh, gawd, you mean, sorry, darling. Thanks for your life.
Yeah, well, okay then, hang on guys, hang on, hang on.
Well, you have to admit Christopher Cross has left us with a lot to answer for.
Oh, gawd, it's a big juicy, sobbing, let-look at show business tonight on inside the behind.
Exactly.
You know that one guy in there toward the end, he kind of sounded like, you know what I'm talking about?
Yes.
How did I like him?
That was the best one ever, by the way.
That was one of the all-time bests, right?
A sound that you hate.
Yeah, kind of sounded like, I might actually have to play that, you know what?
I haven't played that in a very, very long time.
1047 at 560 WQ, and we got the mad dog coming to one.
The FEC, the Federal Election Commission disclosed Friday, it's imposed a record setting, $719,000 in fines against participants,
and the 1996 Democratic Party fundraising scandals involving contributions from China, Korea, and other foreign sources.
The FEC documents describe Democratic fundraisers who set specific prices for foreign nationals
to make illegal campaign contributions and return for meetings with end-present equipment by President Gore.
A Democratic finance vice chair, for example, said organizers would have to contribute $100,000 and return for Gore's appearance at a Buddhist temple in L.A.
Those penalized include the Democratic National Committee, the Clinton Gore campaign, the Buddhist temple, and nearly 2,000 people in corporations acting as conduits for illegal contributions, all have agreed to pay a coin to the documents.
Acting as condits.
How's he doing, by the way?
Won't see him no more.
Did we ever hear any more about that?
Nope.
Isn't that amazing how stories you know they, their shelf life just, yeah, I was like I got to do with the war with Iraq.
Yeah, that's true, I forgot about that.
Or that bitch that Irish traveling bitch that do gooder?
The total in fines would have been significantly higher except that some of the corporations have folded,
and others would dummy corporations with no assets to set up as conduits for money from China, and a swayla, Canada, and other countries.
Canada, foreign individuals and organizations are barred from contributing to federal elections.
In some cases, foreigners would have been subject to fines, couldn't be located in several papers.
In other cases, the individual is pretty clearly in criminal cases and are bankrupt.
The DNC was fined $115 grand, the Clinton Gore campaign $2,000, and they Buddhist progress society $120 grand.
In the conciliation signed by DNC lawyer Joseph Sandler, the party agreed to pay the fine end to this scourge, another $128,000 to the US Treasury representing illegal contributions that were not returned to donor.
This gorge, is that a great word?
Yeah, they're going to turn it loose.
Like that, I'm discouraging it right now.
I discourage that kind of talk on a show at any time.
So the beast is off the morning show, huh?
You know, when he gets back from vacation list with a market on your calendar, along with next Monday's opening of the brand new pizza locked in plantation, we ought to invite the beast is a special guest on our show, you know what?
Just for a couple of minutes, maybe for two, three hours to tell us the real story of how it evolved into his like moving out of it.
He sure was not that show very long, was he?
Huh? Huh?
He sure was not that show very long, was he?
Not long at all on the Mohawar David show.
I wonder what the reason is for that.
Yeah, that could have been part of it.
Anyway, oh, this should tell you about our good friends, the Brits that I'm always telling about a bunch of silly.
Have you seen this about the Fox hunting thing?
No, not lately. I mean, I've known about it over the years.
Oh, man, you're going to go in the house over it.
Yeah, around, wait to hear this, about 400,000 campaigners have taken part in a countryside rights march in London in one of Britain's biggest rallies ever.
Farmers, hunters, landowners and rural residents and workers flocked from every corner of England, Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland to bring London to a standstill and demand Prime Minister Tony Blair's labor government must do more to protect their traditional way of life.
Police confirmed figures by the countryside alliance showing 400,000 have passed the finishing point of yesterday's march by late afternoon, seven hours after the start with many more waiting behind.
We're talking maybe a half a million.
The alliance said the liberty and livelihood march was part of the fight to protect the lifestyle, put it risk by the government and initiatives introduced by people who don't live in or understand the countryside.
They're protesting against moves to ban Fox hunting and demand state help and countryside problems such as unemployment and poverty.
Organizers, excellently compared the demonstration with two British history's most famous mass protest, the toll-puddle martyrs march in support of six farm laborers sent to Australia in 1834 and the 1381 peasants revolt uprising.
Today, we are making history. They must listen, said the march is made organizer James Stanford.
March director James Stanford told the press association the march was without doubt the largest civil rights demonstration held in London in the last 150 years.
The emotive issue of Fox hunting, a favorite sport of British rural aristocracy for centuries but condemned as barbaric by campaigners for animal rights was the main focus of the march.
You know the kind of people are for animal rights? Yeah.
What was that? Where is it?
See you can do it too. Why is that doing that? I don't know. You know the kind of people who are for animal rights?
Paida.
It was stuck on pet names for the sale. I'm so glad that happened to you too. I'm not really one that happens to.
Oh, once in a while this thing acts up, you know.
But protestors were also marching to bring attention to many other issues ranging from elective affordable housing and decent transport services to unemployment and the suffering of farmers since last year's devastating foot mouth outbreak,
which prompted the slaughter of millions of sheep and cattle and prompted a lot of people to be eating spotted dick three times a day and toad in the hole.
Oh, there's nothing worse than a toad in your rectum. Just ask Richard Geer, he'll tell you.
295 votes already on that poll. Heavy duty response, man. They're really whipped up to a frenzy about whether we take calls on the show again.
The only the only point being that they're whipped up in different directions, you know. I say.
Well, I mean, we got 29% who obviously are gung ho for. Oh, yes, please. Let's get some calls on again. But that leaves 71% who are like smattered in different directions who are less than gung ho.
Yeah, it takes them cause, but only a few. That's in first place. 91.
Then we got the 14% of makes no difference to me that loyal crowd out there. We love you. Whatever we do.
Like that. You know, something if you have like a sore throat or a bad cool, you can still sit here and go.
I just don't know me. You could look that. And you can also there are other things you can look like that would be completed for four hours and people crapping in their pants all over town all over the station.
Rumor has it, by the way, that that bit is number one with 16 bullets. That's the one where I'm hearing. And that the beast got muscled out.
Let's see, maybe one day a week 40. So these other one. I mean, yes, only a few and maybe one day a week. That's not exactly like an overwhelming enthusiastic support for calls. You see what I'm saying? I said.
If he does, I'll blow my brains out 19 6% and of course the last one there. What was it? Absolutely not plays 18.
So you got like 12.5% who are adamant. They don't want any calls under any circumstances. You got our four almost 14% to say no matter what you do.
Like that. We'll listen. We don't care. We're easy. And then you got that nearly 30% to say we want the guy named cause course. We know who those 30% are. You follow what I'm saying.
Yeah. Yeah. We don't know exactly who they are. Here's this article, a column by Bob Herbert in today's New York Times. This is what we didn't hear this high altitude rambos. Dr. Bob Rage Kumar, a US citizen, former military physician from Lake Worth, Florida. Found himself handcuffed and taken into custody last month and one of the many episodes of hysteria to be wrapped on board airliners in the US since the 9-11 attacks.
Dr. Rage Kumar was seated in first class on a Delta flight from Atlanta to Philadelphia on August 31 when a passenger in the coach section began behaving erratically.
The passenger Steven Fierre had nothing to do with Dr. Rage Kumar. Two US federal air marshals got up from their seats in first class and moved back to coach to confront Mr. Fierre who was described by witnesses as a slight man who seemed disoriented.
What ensued was terrifying when Mr. Fierre refused to remain in a seat. The marshals reacted as if they were trying out for the lead rules and Hollywood's latest action extravaganza.
They handcuffed Mr. Fierre, hustled him into first class and restraint him in a seat next to Dr. Rage Kumar. The 180 or so passengers were not quite jittery. Dr. Rage Kumar asked to have a seat change and a flight attendant obliged finding him another seat in first class.
The incident already scary could and should have ended there but the marshals weren't ready to let things slide down. One of the marshals pulled a gun and brandished it at the passengers.
The marshals loudly demanded that all passengers remain in their seats and remained still. They barked a series of orders. No one should stand for any reason. Arms and legs should not extend into the aisles. No one should try to visit the restroom. The message couldn't have been clearer. Anyone who disobeyed the marshals was in danger being shot.
The passengers were petrified with most believing that there were terrorists on the plane. I was afraid there was going to be a gun battle and that pressurized cabin said senior Judge James A. Lindbergh or Philadelphia Court of Common Police, a veteran of 20 years in a military who was sitting in an aisle seat and coach. I was afraid it was going to die from the gunfire in a shootout.
Dr. Rage Kumar's wife Dorothy was seated quite a distance from her husband said it was really like Rambo in the air. She worried that there might be people on the plane that didn't speak English and therefore didn't understand the marshals orders. If somebody got up to go to the bathroom here she might be shot.
There were no terrorists on board. There was no threat of any kind when the plane landed about a half hour later Mr. Fhrer was taken to custody and men's shockingly so was Dr. Rage Kumar.
The air marshals grabbed the doctor from behind handcuffed him and for no good reason anyone's been able to give hauled him to an airport police station where was thrown into a filthy cell.
This was airline security gone berserk. No one ever suggested that Dr. Rage Kumar a straight air or retired army major done anything wrong. Dr. Rage Kumar was of Indian descent.
He believes he was taken into custody solely because of his brown skin. He was held for three frightening hours and then released without being charged. Mr. Fhrer was also released.
Officials tried to conceal names of the marshals but they eventually were identified by a Philadelphia inquire reporter as Sean B. McCullors and Samuel Mooma of the Transportation Security Administration which is part of the West Transportation Department.
The TSA has declined to discuss the incident in detail. He spokesman offered the absurd explanation that Dr. Rage Kumar was detained because he had watched the unfolding incident too closely.
If that becomes a criterion for West and the West a lot of us reporters are headed for jail rights Bob Herbert. Dr. Rage Kumar told me yesterday he arranged shaken by the episode.
I had never been treated like that in my life. He said I was afraid I was about to beat him up or killed.
The lawyer for the case you have taken up his case. He has filed notice that he may sue the federal government for unlawful detention.
We have to take a look at what we are doing. The name of security said Dr. Rage Kumar. So many men and women are fought and died for freedom in this great country.
Now we are in danger of ruining that in the name of security. Unbelievably scary, scary story.
I will tell you very scary guy. Not just Luca Bronsi. That is Tom Layman. You ever see Tom? No. He is a very scary guy. He is a good guy. He is okay.
Anyway, Tom Layman and Halibh Pondy at GMC. They have great deals waiting again like they always do. 0% financing continues right now as I speak.
That is correct with the proof credit from GMHC. You can get 0% financing up to 36 months on all brand new 2000 Pondy X and GMC models.
They are in right now. They are in stock. Or take a rebate of up to 4 grand all 2002 Pondy X or GMC models in stock.
That would be too surprising if Bob Bowen, Eisenberg ever gets us a new copy. We will be hearing about those new 2003's. Maybe or maybe not.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs. Why? They are including the Envoy. Of course the all new Pondy X vibe SUV that has got the power of a big fancy, fancy expensive sports car.
Not quite like a Corvette, but it is getting there. Halibh also got the great selection of dependable pre-owned cars. Trust in SUVs. You always come to know that they got.
And of course as far as credit is concerned, it is not a big hassle when you do car shopping at Halibh Pontiac because even if you are a deadbeat, even if you know Greg Reed, if you need wants to bid it down with SCRUAN, no problem at Halibh Pontiac.
They will cut you deal. So for a sensational unbeatable deal on Pontiac and GMCs, this is the place where people are getting treated great for over 35 years.
Halibh Pontiac GMC you will find them in 134-01 South Dixie Highway. That is you went from right across from the falls open every day of your life.
Seven days a week for more info call and be sure to tell Tom Laman I said he was a scary guy. 2 3 8 40 40. That is 3 0 5 2 3 8 40 40 for Halibh Pontiac GMC who do be professional great.
My and local, this is 4 305 60.
And they say George EWs in patients don't want the US to wait.
We want from free, launch fighting tomorrow, watch as the RAC to celebrate.
1104-560 WQM Happy Monday to you. Bush gets apology for Hitler remark. German Chancellor Bush gets apology for Hitler remark.
Can you remember that sir we had on Friday?
Oh, that's right.
About that bitch.
German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder apologizing let it a President Bush Friday for the offense caused by reports that his justice minister had compared Bush's methods to Hitler's.
Justice minister her to Dalbergen Mellon earlier did not report an original newspaper that she told a pre-election gathering that by threatening to attack your RAC Bush wanted to distract her distract from his domestic political problems as Hitler had.
Schroeder told Bush I want to let you know how much I regret the fact that alleged comments by the German justice minister have given an impression that has offended you.
Although I think she may have had a point. I didn't say that.
He said he'd accepted Dalbergen Mellon's denial added according to a German text provided by his office.
Let me assure you that there is no place in my cabinet table for anyone who makes a connection between the American president and such a criminal.
Germany's role in a war in a RAC and it's standing as one of America's key European allies had become a point of contention between Schroeder and his conservative challenger Edmund Stoyber and their neck and neck election race.
But it's bad news for Bush because Schroeder won a very tight in the closest election in German history.
He won it over the weekend bad news for the Bushmeister.
Spook and Bishop next in line to head bishops conference at center of abuse crisis.
You know something I'm getting chills just now. I'm not talking about the chills from whatever I had yesterday.
I'm getting chills thinking about that trend coming out of one o'clock.
This is like a turning point. I mean granted it's only two thirds of the summer book.
But it's June July and August and of course we can't break it down to get the hour by hours, which is even more important now than ever before.
Now that we got like all these times since the beginning of the year.
And the worst around mixed in on each. I mean used to be I mean the 10 to 3 number. That was pretty much our number.
You know when you do and 10 to 2. But now we're like slot over in a little bit of morning drive, which we're not too crazy about being lumped in with that.
But never less than we got the mad dog in his 2 hours.
So it's kind of but nevertheless you still get kind of an idea.
Now what are we what are we laughing off here? Which month are we laughing off me?
Yeah, yeah, me as well because it was me June July.
We're laughing off me now. How was me may was may was not that great. Not that great.
Now may well, how do you know that because we had a big month before that April April was huge.
May was and then June came back quite a bit. May was. Of course I was on vacation in May. I just mentioned that in passing.
Is that a knock at George? No, it's not. That's not a knock at George.
You've been plenty of months when we were having a way and you were on and we still didn't do good. But.
Hey, listen, I mean if you could keep the entire audience, what the hell would they pay me this kind of money for? Right?
When they're paying you five bucks an hour. And you can't collect anyway. Did you ever get your thing? By the way, you're slip.
No. Well, you probably would wear it if you had it. I'd wear it on my head. Yeah. You never got your thing. No, I haven't got slipped yet. Well, why not?
I thought I thought you people on direct deposit got your little thing like five days before payday. I sure hope that now that we see I'm getting a little bit nervous about this.
Now that we have two program directors and operations manager, a consultant and whoever we got about 75 people doing a job that muff used to do well by herself.
I'm getting a little bit worried about that. I mean, I got no complaints because my paychecks have been showing up most of the summer a day early. Let's hear it. Love that clearance. Always like clearance a lot. Nothing. He's, you know, he's keeping them on top of it. He's acting them. He's got the old whip out.
Spoke and bishop next in line to head bishops conference at the center of use crisis. George wants his slip. Okay. He wants to know if he's got his bonus money on air or not. That's going to be over there. As we speak now, it's overdue again. This is the bonus from what last year's fall book. Right.
This is the bonus from the 91 book. Seriously, I mean, this is just it's the beastly effin way, man. And like like Bob remote said, there are a bunch of mugwumps that crawled out of the slime somewhere.
He said that he said you can check their family tree and you find most of them sitting in it. That's what he said. He said, don't repeat this. And of course, I wouldn't.
But those freaking beastlies are a bunch of Yahoo's what he said something like that bunch of nose pickers. Bishop William Skowstead of school can was among a group of Roman Catholic leaders who traveled to Roman April to breathe the Pope on the child sex abuse scandal rocking the West Church. Oh, by the way, speaking of the Pope, guess who was the who was on biography channel yesterday, the Pope? No, but a guy who played Pope. No, somebody who played one of the popes in a movie. Raymond Burr. Yeah.
And I got a, you know, of course, now that he's dead. See, everybody is gay when they're dead. Nobody's ever gay when they're alive. Right. They might be gay, but they're not very festive. Right. But when you're dead, then you then you can be gay and happy and gay and the gay and gay. But anyway, the Raymond Burr thing they had because I had seen that like months ago, and I told you about that. You were like a little bit skeptical. They actually showed his companion on there is companion 35 years. Yeah, how do you look? Like an old guy.
No, actually, they showed pictures from long before and actually he looked pretty good to be honest with Raymond Burr was an old depends. But nevertheless, we love Raymond Burr. Don't we? Then we love Perry Mason and iron side? Oh, that's right. You don't like cops show. Sorry. Yeah, the Perry Mason was all right. Really? What was a lawyer? I see five months later, Scouts says leadership is in question after revelations that a former priest in the Spokane diocese with ties to Scouts had had a long history of abusing boys. This is the guy they sent to Roman April for the
big cons that it comes to fight out that people under him so to speak are like got their finger in it. An attorney for the voices, Scouts said in his predecessor, bishops failed to protect children from the Reverend factory,
G. O'Donnell in the 70s and 80s. Scouts that was a priest in Spokane during some of that time, but wasn't elevated to bishop until 1990 after O'Donnell had left no relation to Bill O'Donnell, a magic man. However, O'Donnell had worked with Scouts, that is associate past of an assumption, perishing Spokane, and the two priest had shared living quarters in 1974 to 1976.
Max Saptic, he knew children were being abused and he said nothing said attorney Tim Kaws, now who's preparing to file a lawsuit against O'Donnell and the Spokane diocese, a person who's exhibited such poor judgment in the past can't be trustedly detergent any capacity out of this morass. It's in. And if there's one thing they want, it's more ass. Make no mistake about that young boy ass is what they want 9, 10, 11 years old. That's what they want lots and lots of that young.
Back to ass. Oh, I guess who died. I give up now you're going to see don't make nasty comments about this because this was a good guy, even though we don't necessarily like his product that much anymore.
The best thing that don't that's guy. Yeah, did you know that already somebody said it over in a fact that didn't think you'd care. Hey, listen, we care when people die, okay, especially somebody of some note, there are a lot of people in this audience who like Duncan donut. It's not everybody's got Chris K.
Green guy, then I would have facts to write over. Not everybody's got good taste. I mean, we did like Duncan donuts.
When those guys used to come all the way down from Bokeh and bring us to the Friday morning breakfast until D. F.O. pissed them off.
And you know, something as much as we like D. F.O. and we'd love to have him back in Joe and all these are the fact of the matter is just just for that we forget about the mika suki's and all that money out of the table.
The fact of the matter is once he pissed off the people at the Duncan donuts in Bokeh, that was the end of him. That was the beginning of the end, right?
Don't you agree? Sure, it was. If for no other reason, the fact that he took away our great friend that small stack, whatever the hell they used to call it, right?
Right. That was good stuff. Okay, we'll get to this in a second. God, I haven't even got to any of our tabloids stuff yet.
Man, we got some heavy duty crap about Brittany that you're not going to be too happy about. I know you're talking about Dr. Phil that you'll be ecstatic about.
Not one, but two big stories about Dr. Phil that he's going to be thrilled about. Don't forget it's Monday night football that I would Joe and Mark at Gatsby's in both places.
I'm going to focus stop by from 9 to 11 tonight to win prizes are usual crappy very low budget QA and prizes because we have no promotional budget and enjoy specials on crown royal.
Betcha Miguel will be there. Yes, because we have specials on crown royal.
Rams in the box at the gaspies and Bokeh tonight. Rams who are all in two. Oh my God. How can that be? How about those patriots?
Oh, man, I'll tell you I was sweating bullets in that game. And I just knew they were going to blow their lead there in the fourth quarter.
I knew it twice. They had a two touchdown lead and they blew it and then they went over time. Nice go mad at the Terry and a boy.
He ain't too bad either by the way, Adam. Take your clothes off, Adam.
12 minutes. Oh, I don't tell you one thing else. They were playing the Trent Trent green. You know Trent Green. No quarterback for Kansas City. Trent Green, the kid for Houston.
What's his name David with the funny nose? And of course Tommy Brady. We got three of the best looking quarterbacks ever to play the games since Vince Ferragamo.
There's a reason for the woman to start watching football. We got some real studs of quarterback. Hey, by now speaking of studs and that may be as soon as I say stud, I think a Todd direct little stud.
Like little tiny studs. Somebody you'd like to step on and squash like a freaking aunt.
By now there's no doubt that everybody and their brothers heard about the incredible earning potential of people in the computer business computer professionals are making some serious books.
And if you'd like to do it too, why not become a certified computer professional by talking to our friends at fast train. They'll tell you how to do it.
So do yourself a humongous favor pick up that instrument or your phone right now. Call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train.
You can complete your program. Get certified in just four short months and beyond your way to a new a higher paying career.
Fast trains got four convenient locations in day and row. We know that there's one in Pemberg Pines. There's that new one in Kendall and maybe Todd directs.
We can classes to put your schedule. They've got full time job placement department over 30 years experience and getting people placed.
So if you want to start making some serious bucks guys, if you're trying to work in for nothing, pick up that phone and call our good friends at fast train eight six six fast train.
And just four short months, you can be on your way to a great new computer professional career. One eight six six fast train or check them out on the web at fast train dot com.
Five and a local. This is five cities. The radio's on your.
You.
All in orbit out from our ass.
Back on.
Radio WQ.
Yeah.
Back.
Back.
education.
Yes. He's back. Village Bob, well, it's a third is back for this third album this year of caps and flap jacks and it's a speck of look at the life of B.
E.
E.
Faturing the ballot underneath my drawers.
Underneath my door, it's my home record.
It hangs to the floor.
It's my big open.
And also a true story called Just Like That.
Without a bitch, no I call my oldest boy Master Payton.
I saw the way he was making so I said, son, use blue recation.
And don't forget the first release of the new album.
This song is very near and dear to my heart.
It's called Hell.
There you try to park your own row around the ad.
Round the ad.
Round the ad.
A cast and flat jazz.
A way to CD from Billy Bob Rowell Evans III.
Go by your today or at least try to borrow it from someone who may have it.
But we seriously doubt that.
I asked it a while.
Hey, that M&M, sure as I'll put him to shame.
Hey, the market's taking a really gigantic.
Are you aware of that?
Yeah, see that?
Another big film.
Now, I'm 173, the Nasdaq down 33 points.
But the good news is son micro systems is up six cents.
Hey, 294.
That's up six cents.
$2.94.
Not $294.
$2.94.
Oracle, seven bucks.
I just mentioned this in passing.
So let's have a good war.
What do you say?
Everybody forgets about this stuff.
Dunkin' Donuts Founder dies.
There are a lot of people like Dunkin' Donuts.
You better watch what you say, Mr.
Even though I agree with you, Krispy Kreme's like light years ahead.
They have great coffee.
Who does?
Dunkin' Donuts.
And they got great short stacks.
Millions of people this morning were offering a tribute of sorts to William Rosenberg
with powdered sugar on their fingers and a caffeine buzz on the brain.
Mr. Rosenberg, a bulk of resident who founded Dunkin' Donuts a half-century ago,
died Friday at the age of 86.
He's been nearly half his life overcoming various cancers before succumbing to bladder cancer
and his native Massachusetts.
Mr. Rosenberg first married coffee and pastry at a donut shop in 1948 and was to pastry
with Ray Crock was to hamburgers and Colonel Sanders was to fry chicken.
His big Mac was a simple but tasty donut with a handle making it easier to dunk.
Did you know they had a big Mac at Dunkin' Donuts?
No.
I never heard of that.
I've seen those things before.
I didn't know that they were called.
A donut with a handle?
Yeah, it's just not much of a handle.
He was a father of franchising who left behind an inspiring success through the world's largest coffee and baked goods chain
and a sugary mark on the mornings of millions worldwide.
Here's an example I can follow and teach my kids about how he can be a success in life.
Said, Sultan Siddiqui, owner of a Dunkin' Donuts franchise in West Palm,
in his office at the Dunkin' Donuts at 135-01-116,
how he said, he has a picture of himself and his wife, Zia,
with Mr. Rosenberg along with a mark-up coffee at the Donuts Magnus' biography,
time to make the donuts.
It's quite a life story, Siddiqui, said.
Born in 1916 in Boston, Mr. Rosenberg cut his entrepreneurial teeth as a teenager during the Great Depression,
carting a block of ice to a racetrack on a hot summer day,
and selling ice chips at 10 cents a piece.
Legend has it that he bought home in a stounding 171 bucks.
That's 1916.
That's a lot of money.
Yeah, yeah.
In 1946, when the eighth grade education in 5 grand,
he began delivering meals and coffee,
truck breaks snacks to factory workers,
he pioneered the canteen truck, a flip-open stainless steel truck,
to deliver his food, the roachcoach.
Right.
He soon discovered that 40% of his business came from coffee and donuts,
so in 1948, he opened a pastry shop,
a shop in Quincy, May, it's called Open Kettle,
charging a nickel per pastry, a dime per cup.
In 1950, he changed the name to Dunkin' Donuts,
while most donut shops sold for varieties,
Mr. Rosenberg offered 52.
In 1955, he signed his first franchise agreement
with a stauroner and Worcester Mass,
it was his start as leader of the franchise movement.
He found the International Franchise Association in 1959.
It was held as a visionary by Success Magazine
and the father franchising, as we know it today,
by nation's restaurant news.
He had a passion for quality
that he instilled in his organization in franchise.
He said, Jack Schaefer,
Chief Executive of Dunkin' Donuts,
Basque and Robbins and Togo's.
Mr. Rosenberg's son, Robert, became Dunkin' Donuts CEO in 1963,
the same year, the Changbue to 100 stores.
The first overseas shop opened in Japan 1970.
Mr. Today, they have more than 5,000 stores in 38 countries,
and they serve more than 2 million customers daily.
Mr. Rosenberg had a long history of overcoming illness,
18 operations, three hip replacements,
and at least four types of cancer.
Wow.
Throughout his cancer vows,
he donated millions of dollars to the Dana Farber Cancer Institute in Boston.
He was a force and a harness racing,
operating the number one stable in New England,
and will roast farmer New Hampshire.
How do you like that, huh?
Had no idea, did you?
Tug Boyd.
I didn't know that.
Mr. Rosenberg lived in Palm Beach County for about 25 years.
The family spoke to him and said he sold his oceanfront Del Rey Beach home
within the past year,
and has moved to Boca Raton.
He was receiving cancer treatment at Dana Farber when he died on Cape Cod.
We're sure gonna miss Dunkin' Donuts,
so if they're not going anywhere, we're gonna miss him.
Well, he was big in harness racing, so it must like him a lot.
I do.
Bush announced his support for independent inquiry
to September 11 terrorist attacks.
Reversing course, President Bush said Friday he now supports establishing an independent commission to investigate the 9-11 terrorist attacks.
Momentum for such a commitment.
Did you see the thing where they had the FBI agent testifying behind the screen?
Yes.
Momentum for such a commission has grown in recent months.
The house is already voted to approve a commission as part of its intelligence authorization bill.
But the White House had opposed an independent commission setting concerns about possible leaks
and tying up officials involved in the fight against terrorism.
In a letter to Capitol Hill, the president's congressional liaison said Bush wanted to focus immediately after 9-11 on preventing future attacks
and reconstructing government agencies restructuring them rather than meet the new threats.
Would that effort now underwank congressional hearings and the attacks what along?
The administration thought it was time to get behind the creation of a commission plus, of course, public opinion.
Now that the work of the intelligence committees is nearing its end, we must take the appropriate next steps the letter said.
The White House said that now before it had been conserved and initial inquiry or commission of the attacks would be duplicative
and divert the attention and resources of both Congress and relevant executive agencies away from the important work of adding terrorism and the audio.
Yeah, they had the FBI agent testifying behind the screen so it was not to give away the identity.
In tears at one point, they said, right, in tears.
And why did he cry? Why did he we?
Five.
Two at moment, look at that. There's a what's your name again?
No, we only we only saw the build up there.
You think that CNN has shown that thing at that bitch that two good bitch that Irish traveler bitch beaten up a little girl in the car, like four million to 150,000 times in the last day?
Oh God.
It's because they're concerned about the welfare of the children.
It's because they got it. That's why.
It's because they got it and it's violent and it's provocative and it's in poor taste.
And so they'll show it over. They'll bleed it until they until there's not a drop left in there, man.
Two admit rule of national brothel ring.
A Miami madman or partner admitted Friday to their role in the national syndicate that brokered high priced hookers between Miami, New York, Chicago and other major cities.
Judy Krueger 59 and Eli Tish 70.
Pleaded guilty away, racketeering charge in federal court in Miami and will face probable prison sentences of between all and guess what else starts October one?
What the norm can show my new leading eight to nine and FDL the Norman Neal show.
Judy Krueger 59 Eli Tish 70.
Pleaded guilty to racketeering charge in federal court in Miami will face probable prison sentences of between one and two years.
Krueger and Tish ran a brothel out of the foreign ambassadors hotel on South Brickle Bay Drive in Miami using local prostitutes at times.
But also shurling them in from as far away as San Francisco.
Federal prosecutors say their outfit was one of many within the circuit in organization that provided housing, room, board, clients, drugs and referrals for prostitutes and their wealthy clients.
Krueger and Tish were the first to plead guilty out of 13 people invited in August.
A third defended gerund tagel, Tangel 32 of Atlanta who ran a New York City brothel for the circuit also pleaded guilty before you asked if you judge.
And at Alberto Jordan immediately after Krueger and Tish entered their pleas.
Neither Krueger, Tish knew their attorney Michael matters would come at after the hearing they are cooperating and their information could provide.
Could prove damaging to other defendants, including Michael, your, your, Jirango and owner of the Lorraine hotel in South Beach, who was the only alleged customer charge in the main case.
According to the West Attorney's Office, the circuit shared prostitutes among major cities in order to create a larger talent pool, keep a lower profile and avoid detection by police and increase profit by charging higher price.
Krueger admitted she sent prostitutes to hotels, homes, condos and other places in South Florida.
She shared call girls with circuit members in Los Angeles, San Francisco and New York and information with others in Boston, Vegas, Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, New Orleans, New York, Phoenix, Atlanta and Washington, DC.
Tish took care of the business and collecting cash from hookers and paying the rent for the $1,600 a month apartment at the fore ambassador.
$1,600 a month small potatoes man, small pocket change when you're even those kind of high-price hookers.
You should know something about that.
I do.
Sl upper like you.
Oh, yeah.
On the 26th at 560 WDQ way MD lights of West Bokeh, your official atkins.retail center reminds you that all Atkins brands products are 25% off every day for those of you trying to lose weight, the Atkins way.
You like carries the full line of Atkins diet products as well as over 500 delicious low carb and sugar free foods as reported recently in just about every part of the media.
I mean, newspapers TV, a radio pop up toasters.
The Atkins diet continues to be one of the most popular and successful diets.
Low carb dieting is finally getting around and getting the respect and the service because it works for a lot of people.
And the lights of West Bokeh has been the leader in low carb sugar free dieting field for years now for a coons age.
Over 100,000 of their customers will testify.
There just is no better store. There is no competition.
It's not we're not just talking about one or two aisles where they have stuff for Atkins.
We're talking about an entire store devoted to you.
The lights will just absolutely not be under salt and you can sample anything from their tremendous selection.
You can try it before you buy it.
The lights friendly and eligible staff will walk you through the store, point you in the right direction, show you where PD Lenny once fell down on the floor and cheer you on as those pounds come flying off your body.
Don't forget there's only one D lights of West Bokeh open every day of your life seven days a week till 10 p.m.
And you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 in Bokeh.
You know who lives in Bokeh?
No, who?
Call.
Huh?
Let me give you a clue.
Call 1-877 Low Carb.
That's 1-871?
Bokeh Brian.
Bokeh Brian, right?
Or check them on the web at lowcarb.com.
Bokeh Brian, right?
Or check them on the web at lowcarb.com.
Bokeh Brian, right?
Bokeh Brian, right?
I'm banging the butt, honey.
Okay.
I'll be BBBK.
If you can BBBK all right.
Yeah.
I said I'll be BBBK.
If you can BBBK all right.
Yeah.
I got you the diabetes.
For five feet a purple every night.
That's right.
I just be BBBK.
Burger King, show taste van to me.
Flain, broiled beef patties.
Let's fall on the floor sometimes.
But they wipe them out off.
Serve them a fresh.
And all that grease will make the shredded lettuce get stuck in my teeth.
You all to see the mouthpiece on myself, phone, y'all.
Woo-hee.
Sure, I know I got the time.
Be the be the be the be the be the be the be the be the be the be the be the be the be the be the be.
Be the be taken safety.
Go for it.
It's gotta be.
No Pirou puppy c Bly player,
Marshmallow Guy
Level 33 at five sixty.
Double keyway we got the 388 votes on a pool.
That the votes are pouring in a very emotional pool at this goes to the
heart and soul of this audience.
You know what I was going to say?
Of course now.
Should neil start taking calls on the show again because the engineer here in Toronto
I was getting out of full with the mini-bob at one o'clock.
Or with somebody down there.
I don't know.
One of our engineering flunkies.
And we're going to get the phone thing all set up again.
So we could start taking.
In fact, let's take one right now, shall we?
Oh, that's right.
We can't.
No, can't take it.
We could start taking as soon as tomorrow.
In fact, when those numbers come in,
what we're going to have those trans-firsting in the morning
is going to be, man, pressure, heavy, duty.
We could let people call in tomorrow and tell us
why they didn't listen when George was on this summer.
Or why they don't listen to the morning show or things
like that.
Yes, but only a few 116.
It's just under 30%.
Take a few here.
One here in the area, you know, like a couple of good ones.
All right.
Yes, please, please take some calls again.
Neil, take some calls like that.
Retardo, go ahead to track that night.
Comes out.
I have no idea who this guy is.
Neil, take some calls.
Or speaking of the track, Pompadopark opens again very soon.
I think Laveracing starts at 27, doesn't it?
Yes, it does.
Yes, please take those calls 28% 109.
It makes no difference to me 14.4% of loyal audience, man.
Oh, they don't care.
56 people, 14.5% say we don't care what you do.
We'll we're glued here, man.
We're stuck maybe one day a week, 55, 14% say,
maybe one day, one day a week.
See, that's not what I call an over-enthusiastic, you see?
Nothing.
Like how do Wednesday we have our noon to one hour
Wednesday where we play nothing but bits, which I like that.
If he does, I'll blow my brains out 27 and absolutely not
please 25.
So it's kind of a mixed bag.
Lawmakers are close to giving president
Bush to congressional authorization.
He wants to take on Sodom who's saying saying they will limit
the mandate to Iraq to satisfy Democrats unease about Bush's
request to restore security to the whole region.
On yesterday's TV talk show, Democrats also said Bush needs
to more aggressively explain his plans in order to win
domestic and international support for any action, which I think
that Newsweek poll I mentioned earlier in the show kind of
like bears that out.
The administration is proposed to rest loose that would authorize
the president to use all means that he determines to be
appropriate, including force in order to defend the national
security in person to the west against the threat post by Iraq
and restore international peace and security in the region.
You don't think the fact that they put this shot in Iran in the
first place.
You don't think that like led to all of this?
Nah, you're just terribly.
Oh.
In other words, most of deck rhymes with Drek.
It's much too broad.
There's no limit at all on presidential power.
Said Senator Carl Levin chairman of the Senate Armed
Services Committee.
There need to be some changes.
It's not even limited to Iraq, Levin Democrat,
Michigan, said I'm Fox News Sunday.
Bush wants the UN Security Council reinforced bands on weapons
of mass destruction against the run as rebuilding its nuclear
weapons program.
Where's that nuclear?
How does he say nuclear?
Nuclear nuclear.
Senator Joe Biden, chairman of the Senate for Relations
Committee said keeping a region in the resolution would
said too broad a precedent.
The administration is amenable to change.
And I predict or is that amenable?
I say amenable.
You say amenable.
And I predict that won't be the language by the Democratic
Delaware's Tulsi and N's late edition with Wolf Blitzkrieg,
a horrible show.
White House press secretary Ari Fleischer is the Minister of
Information said Monday that the language was boilerplate borrowed
from earlier UN Security resolutions and said he couldn't
imagine why that wouldn't be acceptable lawmakers.
But he added of course were amenable to working with Congress on
the resolution.
Some Republican sympathizers need to contain the language.
These are very, very important definitions because it'll
guide the president and the nation probably in the war center to
Chuck Eagle Republican Nebraska Senate ABCs this week and even
worse show than Wolf Blitzkrieg.
They just just call it now the George Will show.
Here's George with a final comments and then George will be back
with his editorial and George will be on with some more right
wing reactionary crap.
Even though it's comfortable with the proposed language say they
would accommodate change to speed it through the White House wants
the legislation to pass before Congress recesses before those
November 5th elections.
Not that this has anything to do with the elections you understand.
You don't understand that.
I am good.
Suspicious packages caused town to evacuate.
Barnesville, Georgia authorities have activated downtown Barnesville
on Friday after eight or nine packages that appeared to be pipe
bombs.
Oh, we're found within a few blocks of each other.
Though the first five packages examine contain no explosives.
The packages that contain what appeared to be perhaps wrapped in
duct tape with nails and wires protruding from both ends were found in a
four block area of downtown around 80 am authority said we haven't
found live explosives or what we believe to be live explosives and
then the devices said rusty Andrews of the Georgia Bureau of
Investigations bomb squad.
He wouldn't divulge how the devices were constructed but said all
them were similar in appearance.
If there are hoax devices, they certainly been fixed up to
resemble live ones.
He said, no notes were found police said they have no leads.
This is in downtown Barnesville.
Did you know Barnesville had a downtown?
No, I didn't know there was a town.
Exactly Barnesville is 50 miles south of Atlanta.
6,000 people live there.
Give or take and they got a downtown, which is more than Miami or
four.
Lauderdale got.
When you say, yeah, but I mean they have one, but nobody goes there.
Right.
It's certainly not at night, especially in Miami.
Anybody go to downtown Miami tonight?
No way.
Except criminals maybe.
That's kind of what separates Miami and four Lauderdale from
like being real cities.
I don't want to go into a big thing on that again.
We got a real downtown here in Toronto, a real one.
And there's the eating center down there.
I think I'm going to go down there and give me a jacket.
You know what today?
Because I got a winter jacket here and I got like a real light jacket.
Like a, what would you call it?
Real light like a windbreaker kind of thing.
Not even that like a featherweight.
OK.
But I don't have like a ring.
So I'm going to go, I could wear my maple leaf jacket, but I don't think so.
Not this season.
I don't want to be seen in public.
We're in that you're going to get a leather jacket.
No, I got a leather jacket.
That leather jacket is not a fall jacket.
The leather jacket is a winter jacket.
Dependent where you're like where you're out during the fall.
I beg your pardon.
It depends on where you are during fall.
I'm not going to fall again.
How are you sure?
I know where I was at during that other fall right there in the red light district.
Oh, baby.
How serious?
I got to go get me a jacket at the Eden Center day.
Sounds good to me.
Kind of like a medium like intermediate.
You know what I'm saying?
Because it because one thing about here, even though we've had Indian summer, I noticed that when, when summer time ends up north and when Indian summer ends, it ends like real a prep like like this coming weekend.
It's supposed to be quarter than a wishes behind.
Like I think one of the days on the weekend, the highest going to be 10 wishes, 50.
That's going to be the high, baby.
Woo.
408 votes on that pool.
Keep them coming folks.
Keep them pouring in.
Get emotional about it.
Because this is a big big day in QA and history today.
Maybe a lot of people are perceptive enough to realize that, but being an old fart who's been around a block a couple of times, I understand that today is a momentous day.
Don't you think?
Yeah.
I don't either.
20 till noon at fun, but it sounds good.
20 till noon at Q.A.
I'm new balance.
See, you're just saying that to cover your ass because if you have a real bad trend, you say, you know, it's only a trend.
We got another month to go.
Yeah, plus, plus, of course, the other month will be like kneels back, you know.
When it gets to be July, August and September, well, we can extrapolate at that point.
New balances south Florida covers all your athletic and footwear needs.
Man, I love my new balance.
Use like I said, I haven't fallen down once.
We're in those things.
They're so comfortable.
You don't even know you have shoes on there.
Mind me at my glasses.
You know, my little glasses.
Now, the featherweight ones, right.
The ones you can't even say the ones a lot of times.
I think I got a mon and I don't or the other way around because they're so light and same thing with my new balance shoes.
They're so comfortable and they're so like great that you feel like you're walking on air.
So to speak.
And of course, in my case, maybe I am if you need new athletic shoes for cross training, cross dressing,
running, walking, weightlifting or other weekend warrior activities or weekday warrior, whatever, do whatever.
New balance to south Florida's got you covered.
New balance continues doing what they've been doing forever and they'll never stop doing it because when you go in that door,
they want to take a look at it and measure it.
They want to grab a hold of it, measure how long it is now, why it is and your foot too to make sure you get a perfect fit every time.
And they got from infants all the way up to size 20, even time.
Well, I could get a great pair of new balance shoes.
No sweat.
Tommy, come on in.
Come on down.
New balance has got style sizes and what to choose.
You can only find before and catalogs are by mail order.
They're your one stop shop.
And for any reason of the world, if they don't have what you're looking for in your size, they'll special order it for you.
No extra charge.
You'll be wearing them on your ugly feet in no time at all.
Speaking of ugly feet, how's that kid from whammy?
Make a run to new balances south Florida.
They're in the Evans, your mom, Pine Crest, Boca Town Center and coming in November to their brand new location in Palm Beach garden.
If you're feet to thank it, they would for schlepping you over, schlepping them over to new balance.
Fans beginning to blew the blow.
All the who they place elections.
Help!
I have my tires!
Stubble away from the couch.
I should be his preparation age.
Preparation age.
Medicated wives.
Be easy way to cleanse, cool and soothe.
Rectome.
1145, 15 to Loon at 560 WQM.
We got Jim Madison one.
Then Hank, I guess the Humper is going to be back from Marble.
His assignment was yesterday covering the NFL.
So we got at three.
Do I dare say it?
Yeah, from Shula's no less.
Go out there and see Joe and see if he looks as boring as he sounds.
And you know what he does.
Isn't that amazing?
That's one thing about Joe, at least he's consistent.
He sounds like a man with no personality and he look.
He looked around the station.
He's known affectionately as old penis face.
And wouldn't you say that that's an appropriate scene?
Now you're not going to comment because you don't see anything.
It's always like you played that little thing, you know?
Play what little thing?
That little thing Rick gets whatever that is.
I stand by my original comments.
I have no idea how good Joe's a Gaki sounds on the earth's all Chinese to me.
I see.
He grossed it.
Nat Moore would Joe from five to six today.
And of course, six to three.
We got Hurricane hotline and David Buster's.
Those hurricanes, man, who also keep somebody's going to tell me about the tough schedule of day play.
Oh, yeah.
The room around here and up here is that next year the hurricanes are going to schedule all high school teams
so they can score at least 300 points a game.
And then they can be damn sure be a number one.
I mean, I'm not taking anything away from how good they are, but you know, if you're that good,
why not make a schedule where you play some real teams into this big east crap with all these gruel schools and Florida A&M and all the pipe or high
and Boston College and Temple and you Shiva.
And what's that guy then, girl school?
Huh?
Huh? Well, what's that girl?
There's an all girl school.
What the hell is it?
Well, whatever it is, they're going to have it on the schedule next year.
What a joke.
Where number one, baby, we've been up and about to have a punch.
Well, what's the big deal with that?
What does it mean?
Does it mean anything?
No.
But it makes it like I've always said it makes the people there feel a lot better.
No kid too cocky about those dolphins, baby.
They played three games.
They still haven't played a real team yet.
I mean, I'm not an additional which I notice now that they're three.
Like they are every season.
Always the same deal.
I notice nobody screaming the own about J. Feet or anymore about, you know, cutting off his penis the second time and
hanging him from a goddamn presomber.
Now everybody's in love with J. Feet.
How about that catch by Ronda Guides?
Yesterday.
Wow.
I flipped over just because I watched about four seconds of the dolphin game because I was visibly engrossed.
You couldn't turn off that papiacheece game.
Man, that was even Georgia, but you watched that.
What?
But boy, that catch by Ronda Guides, then that was just a, he reaches out with his big gigantic hand.
Well, you know what I'm talking about.
What a one handed grab and he grabbed it.
He grabbed the old pig skin.
Since the terrorist attacks of 9, 11, 2001 and despite heightened security, wait till you hear this.
How many planes you think have violated airspace over presidential
residencies since the attacks?
137.
You must have seen this.
It's 155.
150 said, wow.
FAA records show that in the year since the terrorist attacks planes have flown into
off limits airspace.
The other White House seven times over to presidential retreat camp at Camp David Merlin.
The F.A. says there were 104 violations and over president pushes ranch and Crawford, Texas.
They listed 46.
The FAA should warning the pilots this summer after weekend, which three aircraft flew into prohibited
airspace over Camp David while the Bush family was there.
One of the violators was an ultra light air craft that the secret service spotted when it was
directly overhead.
Military pilots couldn't track the small plane, which doesn't show up on radar and it got away.
In a recent address to airline pilots are coming chief of the NBI's national joint strategic assessment
and warning section caution.
We've seen terrorist organizations looking to hear everything as small as ultra lights to deliver weapons of mass destruction.
That's yet another vulnerability that we have to take a look at.
Very strongly, he said we have yet to fill that gap.
The secret service wouldn't come under the potential threat posed by small aircraft.
The FAA in July for the first time began posting charts on its website showing the off limits airspace.
So pilots can see on a map where they cannot fly.
Still problems continued during Labor Day weekend while Bush was at his Texas ranch.
Five planes to under the prohibited airspace all were escorted down by jet fighter jets.
Pilots who violate their space can be fired or had their licenses revoked or suspended.
But the most common penalty is remedial training court of the FAA while some lawmakers have asked for tougher penalties.
Others including representative James Overseer of Minnesota say the FAA is sometimes in fall for not giving pilots adequate or
accurate information.
Light planes with the weapons of mass destruction, huh?
Not that we ought to be nervous or anything like that, but yeah, here they come.
White House disputes terror plot report.
Federal law enforcement authorities have detained several Sudanese citizens as part of the government's anti-terrorism investigation.
Administration officials said Friday, but the official speaking, of course, on condition of anonymity.
Disputed a public report that the FBI and CIA are searching for a Sudanese Air Force pilot who wondered Canada with plans to fly a hijack airline to the White House.
There is no one at large who's going to fly a plane into the White House, the official set.
The Sudanese suspects were being questioned at an undisclosed location in Hibisand.
The Federal government is taken into custody over the last several weeks numerous individuals has exemplified by the case in Buffalo in Lackawana.
That includes several Sudanese who are being questioned.
There is no evidence that any of these suspects had any kind of plot against the White House.
The official was referring to the rest last week of six Western New York men accused of running that terror cell in Lackawana.
Signing on named intelligent sources of Washington Times and the pilot was trained in Afghanistan and is linked to a Southern Van Laan Zell kind of terrorist network.
White House press secretary and minister of information are a fly sure about the Times report seem to play down its credibility.
There are a variety of threats. Some have more credibility. I've left.
I'm not in a position from this podium to give you any indication about anything that may deal with intelligence or potential threats.
I'll just leave it if that he said. In other words, the minister of information.
Are we don't call me a turn coat fly sure?
Are Kelly makes Chicago court appearance?
What we haven't heard about him in a long time. You know what? Too long in a coons age.
Grammy winning singer are Kelly appeared in court Friday as prosecutors pressed to head with child pornography charges against him.
Lawyers in the case said more evidence needed to be exchanged by the two sides before trial and Cook County Circuit judge Vincent Gaughan
scheduled another hearing for November 1.
Kelly 35 just in a crisp gray suit and blue tie.
Stupid out saying a word during the brief appearance. He'd be saying nothing.
The attorney said that trial may not take place until next year for Kelly who faces 21 counts of videotaping,
producing or soliciting for child pornography. The charges stem from a 26 minute videotape that allegedly depicted the rhythm and blue star
engaging in numerous sex acts with a girl at police say was 14 year old's old at the time.
Kelly who's given him his rubbert has played. Did you know he had like a real name?
Of course. Don't they all know?
Has pleaded in it like M&M. He don't have a real name.
Yeah.
Yeah. What is his what is his martial mother? That's right.
Marshall Mathers.
I'd prefer to stick with M&M.
Kelly who's given him his rubbert is not a fact. What's the Bonnie?
One of the broads. It does the sideline reporting on the NFL for CBS.
Her name is Bonnie Bernstein or something like that.
And Dick Emberg says now let's go down to B squared.
Oh boy. Oh, I just about uptrucked it.
You know, Dick Emberg used to be really good about 50 years ago when he was 20 years old,
when he was 40 years old, when he was 60 about 50 years ago.
Dick Emberg. And I don't know that. But Paul McGuire.
Bapapapapa. This man never showed that he's like a giant David's and he must get paid by the word.
Bapapapa. Bapapapa.
Like he's on the doggy uppers or something.
Shut up already Paul. Okay.
Kelly who's given him his rubbert has pleaded innocent denied the man on the tape as him.
His lawyers have said the girl in any case was of age.
A conversion carries a possible.
That's interesting. It's not him.
But regardless, she was a very well. How do they know that it wasn't me and by the way, I wasn't there.
No, no, but it wasn't me. I wasn't there.
But by the way, she's 18.
A conversion carries a possible 15 year prison.
Dr. Kelly remains free on bond.
His brother Carl Kelly, 25 and aspiring rap singer greeted his brother outside the court house.
Along with a half dozen supporters shouting, hang in there, Robert.
Hang in there, bro.
Yo, yo, yo, let's go rape Mo.
Carl Kelly said foster was a spread that he and his famous older brother is the man on the tape.
Bootleg copies of the tape became hot sellers on street corners and a copy was sent
and honestly the Chicago sometimes newspaper entered over the police.
431 votes because it's a breathtaking momentous day.
They don't mistake about that.
Should Neil start taking calls on the show again,
out of their going to fix our asparagus today, then after the show.
Yes, but only a few, 128, almost 30% though.
Yes, please 29 and a half percent, 127.
Maybe one day a week, 60, 14%.
It makes no difference to me, 13.6.
Still hanging around that 14% loyalty number, huh?
59.
Absolutely not.
Please 29, 6.7% and if he does, I'll blow my brains out.
28, 6.4%.
So we got like 13, a little over 13% who are adamant.
They don't want any goddamn calls no matter what come,
hell or high water.
We got about 29% or adamant.
They want them.
Please, they want to hear some of these great calls that we got.
They don't just want to hear me sitting here pontificating and reading and
pop all this pond where stuff.
They want to hear some really articulate bright people out there saying
really intelligent stuff like my.
It gone.
And who did they do?
Yeah, and of course not the raspberry guy.
Don't let's forget about him.
In fact, I think we the 28 votes if he does, I blow my brains out.
I think Miguel, George and Carlos, so the ones who voted like nine times a piece.
I don't know if it's awfully lopsided.
The people that have a vested interest in you picking up the phone are voting heavy duty.
Didn't I say that before?
Who do you think those people are?
I was saying yes, please.
And I'm going to go.
Those are the ones who want to hear the sound of their own voice again.
You need it.
Oh, I've had the need it.
They're desperate.
That's the only condit conduit with the human race.
Check up.
Exactly.
They want to like somebody to tap on.
It's, hey, we recognize you're alive.
We know you have no life, but you're alive.
You know, or close to it.
Bob, we'll see.
Give it a chance here before you start jumping to all kinds of whatever.
11 56.
By the way, we got some great news for you people out there by me.
Next Monday, the 30th of September is a day that will live in infamy.
It's the opening of the brand new pizza lock on the corner of Navhilan,
the sunrise, right behind Walgreens in a little strip shopping center on the
corner right behind my good friend, Marcy at Walgreens is the brand new lock, baby.
And the food will be just as delicious.
The portion will be just as fresh, just as big.
And the price will be just as teeny and inversingly low.
So you can take the whole gang there over and over and over again.
In fact, the rumors are threatened this weekend.
They might come by for a free meal when I come back this weekend.
As a matter of fact, maybe you'll come by and
Jeff will buy you a free lunch there.
Sorry.
Pizza lock, baby, they're still going stronger on university drive between
Griffin and 595.
Like I said, the food is fresh.
It's delicious.
It's all cooked order.
There's no microwave in the bag.
They don't even have microwave ovens in the joint.
Okay?
Although Jeff might have a joiner too in the back.
In fact, maybe if you're really nice to him,
we'll take you in the back room and show you the joint.
Pizza lock, they got combination dinner.
So we've never been in there before.
You can try a little bit of this and a lot of that.
They got the chicken dishes and veal and seafood.
Three different kinds of great pizza,
calzone, super subs and garlic rolls that are so good.
You can't eat only five.
They're just loaded with garlic,
dripping with it.
They're fantastic.
For takeout, for delivery, for catering,
which they do a stupid and this job,
I'll call 9-5-4-9-1-6-8880.
9-5-4-9-1-6-8880.
And again, they got lots of free parking there.
They're right beyond Pyrwen and ports.
Kitty Corn, the new Arman and Locke Faye
between Griffon and 595 on University.
That's the Broward location that's going strong already.
And starting next Monday,
the 30th Market on Your Rift,
the brand new Pizza Lock opens in prestigious plantations.
Slide and local.
We're sports radio five cities, you a-
you a-
Yeah.
Hi, this is Steve Goldstein.
But you can call me Kelsey.
Whenever I'm in town, I listen to,
wait a minute, I am in town.
It's the 12th of one hour.
Dad!
Welcome back to the glittering pageantry
of the Mohawada Navy, the show.
We have a full duck today.
Including the cavalcade of our articulate athlete,
of yours.
You know that pipe smoke is still at it.
Why?
What, what singing those songs make it funnami?
They make funnami all the time.
I don't know why they don't adore me.
They're there, everything will be alright, Mo.
Get your hands off me, a fairy.
You're queer?
Yet tube jumper, real man don't touch,
only during the game.
Yes, ma'am.
Today, once singing, I'll give them singing.
Get on a piano, over there.
Okay, Mo.
Now, hit it.
Back in my day, men were straight.
The end day is hip today.
That's why I kept tolerate.
Tis guns with gaze.
Sport all glory and day back then.
Stop it, you moron!
What's the matter, Mo?
My wings fell off again.
Okay.
Alright, where were we?
Sport all glory and day back then.
I'll take it from here.
The guys that like the worship men.
Good thing we won't see more in no way than a madame again.
Did it meet those youth, Frost Aid?
Did it's, or did it go heritage?
Jesus Christ, I really hate.
Jesus Christ.
Exactly.
It's 1203 at 560 WQM, Happy Monday to it.
Ma'am, what a beautiful day.
Son of Shannin here, just a wispy cloud or two in the sky.
High of 66 today, and that's where it's at, man.
These are the few days when it's like perfect, 66, 68, 70.
Son of Shannin.
KFC customer must have thought he had a perfect day too.
He got pot with his chicken.
Mill Valley, California.
A Mill Valley KFC restaurant employee was arrested after a customer received a little
something extra with his chicken dinner.
The customer received two bags of marijuana Friday,
instead of the extra biscuit, so he had requested.
The customer gave the marijuana back to the employee, got his extra biscuits and called
police.
What an asshole.
God, a schmuck.
Called police.
Police arrested Carlos Ayala, 26 of a leo.
Sure, they have to customer complain about the pot.
Miran County Sheriff's Deputy said they found Ayala with a smaller
marijuana marijuana handgun in about five hundred bucks in this possession.
Ayala often worked the drive up window at the restaurant.
The authorities say he may have been selling the marijuana to customers who used the
right secret word as a code.
As in like, Mary Jane, something subtle like that.
How do you like that?
And they called a police man.
What a what a piece of dirt.
He had a gun and kissed the guy in the lips.
I'm telling you, that must have been the code word.
You forgot my biscuits.
The US's vulnerable to terrorism aimed at farms that produced the nation's food
scientists say such an attack could easily happen the National Research Council
said in a report released last Thursday.
It's not a matter of if it's a matter of when said our James Cook, a council member from
Washington State University, while there may be a very low probability now.
What about in 20 years?
He'd be asking.
You know, all of these terrible things, they're all saying the same thing about it.
It's not a question of if it's a question of when.
Like from the Bob Green School of Life.
I mean, if it's like that, why don't we just all blow our brains up?
The council report said an attack on food production probably wouldn't
lead to famine or malnutrition, but it could hurt public confidence in the food supply
and disrupt the economy costing millions if not billions of dollars.
The panel in the National Academy of Sciences pinpointed weaknesses in the US
planning of defense against bioterrorism in its report.
One of the most comprehensive views of farm security to date.
Since last year, scientists have considered ways terrorists could spirit diseases across
US borders and infect cattle with mad cow disease, contaminated green fields or spread.
Oh, I'm never ready for this.
Why need to be an out or spread?
Many pathogens are easily dispersed such as foot and mouth disease and illness that
doesn't harm humans, but can quickly sick and heard of pigs and cattle.
An outbreak of foot and mouth occurred in Britain more than a year ago.
Racing concerns that disease could appear in the US of A.
The 9-11 hijackings and anthraxed by Militax, heightened security,
scientists' worries, the panel urged US officials to improve their communication with intelligence
agencies, universities and farm groups to help the public cope with food and farm security threats.
It also suggested the government strengthen its border inspections by adding new equipment
to detect harmful bacteria and diseases.
In addition to council's recommended, the government immediately increased its efforts to
understand plant and animal diseases and how they're spread,
establish a network of laboratories that will respond to detect and diagnose diseases,
and form a nationwide system to manage and collect bioterrorism information.
How do you like that?
I don't, if they don't catch any air ducts, they're going to get you into your dinner plate.
Cities colorblind to tear warnings, many ignores nations' five color alert system.
Now are we still on that orange?
I guess.
Are we on that high alert?
Many of the nation's cities, that's a bad question to be asked in you.
Many of the nation's cities have taken little or no action in response to the federal government's
elevated terrorism alert, a survey of the National League of Cities be shown.
This is in USA today, so it could be true, especially if there's some colorful pictures with a story.
The survey of 309 cities mainly involved small to medium-sized cities, about 25% of
customized preparedness plants that conform to the National Five Color Alert System,
one in five don't understand what the system means.
I wonder what they're thinking about this in Geneva, New York.
Do you think that they're up to speed on it?
Most cities didn't step up security around September 11th, even though the Bush administration
put the nation on threat-conditioned orange or a high alert for a terrorist attack.
Orange.
It was the first time the level was raised since the government set up the color coded system in March.
The alert system is designed to communicate threats to the nation.
The government recommends certain security steps, but state and local governments aren't
required to act.
The threat levels are red-forced if you know what they are.
Under threat-conditioned orange, the federal government suggests that the local government
industry leaders take extra precautions at public events, coordinate security with armed forces
or police and allow some people to stay home or work from other locations.
Joe DeSteffano, Mayor of New Haven, says the city put extra security guards on duty for a couple
days around September 11th.
This precautions are no longer in place.
We depreciate some more information.
He says there's a real disconnect between what's happening in cities and towns and the rhetoric
in Washington.
Barb Grant, emergency preparedness manager for Bellevue Washington, says the alert would have
gotten her attention if for example officials said terrorists were planning to attack shopping
malls on a West Coast.
A more general urge, he says, doesn't warrant many specific local actions.
The survey also found fewer than a third of cities increased security and utilities,
public building schools or airports.
27% that conducted businesses usual and fewer than a fifth,
issued local warnings or coordinate with the police and emergency responders.
The code is like the boy who cried wolf said John Wycle,
town manager of something in Connecticut, we did nothing as there was nothing to be done.
How do you like that, huh?
I don't know.
So the the dog and pony show continues.
Kentucky governor patent admits to inappropriate relationship with women suing him for harassment.
Oi, governor Paul patent on Friday,
tearfully admitted to having an inappropriate personal relationship with a woman who's suing him
for sexual harassment.
He denied he used his influence to sister damage her business, a nursing home as she is alleged.
I've now apologized to the people of Kentucky and asked for your forgiveness, the married governor said,
I do believe that now I'm on the right path.
Kind of like Jimmy Swagger, he's on the right path.
It's not easy for me to discuss private failures in a public form, but I do so because I want to be honest with the people of Kentucky
Twitter and their trust and respect again.
Patten had denied the relationship Wednesday, the news conference of the Zyfe 25 years,
Jew, the at his side.
The governor said Friday he had worried about the impact the public disclosure would have on his family
and now realizes that now was a mistake.
Well, I guess he's not the first guy to make a mistake like that.
No, he's not the first democratic officeholder to say to deny I never had I never did it with that the bitch.
The woman Tina Conner alleged she had a two-year affair with patent and that the governor turned state
inspectors loose on her nursing home in Western Kentucky after she had a relationship.
Patten denied it.
Under no circumstances have I or anyone under my direct control tried to punish Ms. Conner, he said,
I hope she'll go forward with her life as I'm trying to go forward with my Mrs. Conner, not Ms.
Hope. Pat and 65 Democrat and Chairman of the National Governance Association is in his second
term in Cannot Seek Relection 2003. He's been considered a candidate to challenge first-term
Republican Senator Jim Bunning in 2004, former great National League pitcher Jim Bunning,
remember him? No.
With a Philly's? No.
And did he also pitch for the Detroit Tigers? Yeah, Jim Bunning, baby.
Another right-winger. How come all the way out we've been through this many, many times?
All the ex-shocks, almost everyone.
Right-wingers, man, because it's part of that jock mentality, that good old Republican macho mentality.
457 votes on that survey already. It's astonishing, man.
I think we're going to be over 500 by the end of the show today.
They are really emotional about this, aren't they?
I should need to start taking calls on the show again.
Yes, but only a few, 135, 29 and a half percent.
Yes, please, 133, 29.1 percent. It's about 29 percent that are dying for it.
And of course, we know who those people are. The guy with the eyes, the guy with a fanny pack,
the Madagogne, that guy. By the way, the weekend's poll that was even, you notice how this one's
even too, like this is their new flexing. No, it's not. No, it's not.
See your starting to get paranoid. I know my fake polls when I assume, okay?
See because there's no relationship between those two. Don't you understand?
As opposed to the Wicens and the Asickens? What was the relationship between those?
The relationship was that we both made comments about them on Friday.
When I said that there's like no Wicens out there at the, why did you even bring this up?
And then the six there weren't any. And I said we had 24 and a thing last time. How could there be no six?
So that was a relationship. Every time we make a man and see now you just did it again.
As opposed to just taking a poll, which I told you a long time ago, you don't know your poll,
Mr. I seen a few polls in my time in Warsaw.
No, seriously, you just take the poll and apply with it, okay? This is not, this is not scientific.
Our livelihoods are, our livelihoods aren't going to depend on it all the years might,
especially when those numbers come out today.
Oh, I want a clock. We got the trends coming out at one o'clock. Spread the word everybody. We'll have
them on the show tomorrow morning. We're going to scour. We're going to go into those things. We're
going to like believe me. We're going to go in great detail. Every station that's on the list.
And by the way, Norma, you won't be on here. Okay, sweetheart? You aren't going to make the cut.
He may have made the cut at birth, but he ain't going to make it again.
And neither is Mr. Igo. Well, he'd be on there. No, no chance.
Would I make believe the show on a make-believe station?
I wasn't in the middle of giving a result here of the poll before you started interrupting again.
Yes. Well, I'll do it later. I got to do the break. We don't want to get behind here because
then we'll take like, see, we get out of here every day right on time, man. In fact, what I do is
in the last couple of minutes, I turn on city post 24 and they have like the digital clock, you know,
it's like, so because my clock over here, like right now says 1149, my clock keeps falling behind,
Eric. I don't know what, huh? What was your say? 1212. See, mind on. My says 1149.
But on here 12, 1224, 25. So I, we get out of here right on time as opposed to like certain other
shows because they're two guys. They're important like that morning. Sure. And I'll say lately, he's
going to a new pattern. Can't get out of here on time for some reason. Well, that's probably part,
takes a lot of time to say that 40, 50 times. Have you heard the news about the 3.95 percent mortgage?
Yes. Well, it's true. If you've been thinking about checking this out, there's nothing. There's
no obligation. When in doubt, check it out because now it's the smart time to purchase a home or
refinancing or existing home at the incredibly, the amazingly low rate of only 3.95 percent.
If you have a seven and a half percent mortgage, that 3.95 percent rate would save you over 3.5 percent
or over $3,500 the first year alone on a $100,000 mortgage. So don't make things harder for yourself
than needing to be. Pick up the phone and make them as simple as pie. Call financial group it,
although I do like those pies and mother humors. You know what? Call 1-800-940-Land-L-E-N-D. That's 1-800-940-5363.
Getting a mortgage someplace else will cost you thousands of dollars extra each year. So forget
about that. Think of all the money you can save when you have yourself a 3.95 percent mortgage.
Financial group is about 1,000 to customers just like you. Put your financing in the best possible
position by getting yourself a 3.95 percent mortgage. Call financial group today. Right now,
tell them Todd Direct, or need to call 1-800-940-5363. And by the way, speaking of Todd Direct,
wasn't he going to have us that new fast train stuff today when a guy came back from out of town?
1-800-940-5363, they're an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates
are something to change if you wait too long.
The Fudge Package?
To day it knew that Dr. Ritzin for two solid hours of double t-next-gen.
Hi, Dr. Ritzgo.
Sure.
Yeah, I'm a little upset I found out that my boss made a pass at my wife when you're concerned.
Yeah, and I'm not sure you don't have to do.
Right. You got what to do. Is your boss a masturbator?
Boss, does he masturbate?
I don't know.
All right. You need to masturbate with your boss together.
The two of you need to sit down in his office and you need to masturbate.
I have to masturbate. You need to masturbate.
I think I can do that.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Are you willing to go to any length?
Yeah.
Then you need to masturbate with him.
In fact, you need to masturbate each other.
You need to masturbate each other.
All right.
All right.
I'll do it.
You feel better?
Oh yeah.
Thank you.
Dr. Ritzgo.
Today it's new.
All right.
1218 at 560 WDQM.
Police City official defense squad's photographic of a detainees even though it's not arrested.
Our good friends in Delaware again.
Is that the pre-filing we were talking about?
Yeah.
Wilmington Delaware, the city police department's corner deployment unit,
is known as the jump-out squad for bursting out of vehicles to question and search suspects.
Its office is also renowned for something else.
Snapping photos of suspects they stop even though they don't arrest.
City officials defend the practice as a legal and effective part of fighting drug dealing
in street crime.
Critics say it violates the constitutional rights of innocent people.
In an error where surveillance cameras appear from buildings and parking lots,
courts have ruled that people can't expect privacy in public places.
Civil libertarians argue that police photographing people they don't arrest is a different matter.
There's no authority to forcibly photograph someone and then enter them into a database
where they have committed no crimes at very Steinhardt, associate director of the ACLU.
I'm not aware of any other municipal police department that's engaged in this type of behavior.
Wilmington Mayor James Baker describes such criticism as,
blithering idiocy saying police take pains to protect the rights of law-abiding citizens
while targeting people who are killing our neighbors who are killing our people.
City officials deny police are photographing individuals they believe are likely to commit crimes.
Some media reports have compared the technique to minority report a recent science fiction
movie in which police identified criminals before they commit crimes.
It's not a Gestapo technique.
It's not anything other than a progressive means of policing in urban environments and
police spokesman Corp. Stephen Martelli.
Do you think he's going to Mr. Martini?
I'll see.
Among other things, the photos can serve as proof that a person arrested for
loitering received other warnings.
They're also kept as possible evidence for ongoing investigations authority said.
Police Chief Michael Zazurba said his department is taking photographs of suspects for years
without complaints. It's highly improbable that innocent people were caught up in the stops he
said. According to City officials, 658 people were stopped in question between June when the
Stumpot Squad's operation Bulldog Eagle began and last week among them, 546 were arrested
and 708 charges were filed. Police believe the other 112 were involved in criminal activity,
even if officers didn't find enough evidence that day they were arrested.
So in other words, it's not a question whether you're doing anything wrong now or before now,
but we think you will.
Yeah, we know.
Yeah, we know what you got in mind.
We know what's up, you're asleep.
Remember Friday we had the Denon Johnny Carson says he's not the dying right.
And that there was a story in the inquiry and the one that was coming out of Friday.
Well, here it is in my hand right now, man.
We don't mess around with those tabloids.
I got them.
Johnny Carson battling deadly lung disease.
It says here in the inquirer.
TV legend Johnny Carson is battling a deadly lung disease and he's hiding is increasing the
serious condition by living as a recluse aboard his private yacht.
Pal say and of course, everybody in these stories has lots of pals.
How you doing, pal?
Pal say the 76 year old former tonight, your host to once smoked several packs of cigarettes
a day has been grappling with killer emphysema for seven years and wants to stay out of the public
guy.
The Ailing Star's lung condition hampered his recovery from quadruple bypass surgery three
years ago.
And since the incurable disease has gotten worse, leaving him out of breath and fatigued.
Johnny's more than aware of them.
Piscima could eventually kill him, said the source close to the Carson family, but he's
battling the disease the best he can.
Remember, I told you by the end of the year he's hoping that the clean sea air will keep
him as healthy as possible.
Take deep breaths, Johnny.
Come on.
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
Look on passions.
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
Although Johnny's heart condition is improved.
Emphysema's forced him to change his lifestyle completely.
He said to adapt to a more sedentary lifestyle.
The source said he just can't exercise like he used to.
He's not on an oxygen tank.
See, I'm just out of the blue.
Just because of this story, I'm gagging and choking on it.
He's not on an oxygen tank, but he's facing an ongoing battle with emphysema.
Emphysema is a serious disease that can't be reversed.
According to experts, the chronic condition gets worse with time.
And patients gradually become more and more disabled.
About half of all patients survived 10 years, the longer after diagnosis.
But patients with severe emphysema often die within four years.
Emphysema is a devastating disease, but if patients are able to remain active,
they live longer.
Dr. Edward Hopponik, a lung specialist at Johns Hopkins Medical School of Medicine, told the inquire.
With shortness of breath limiting his activities,
Aileen Johnny has taken this spending as they say,
130-year-old foot custom built motor yacht, the Serengeti.
This summary crews with his devoted wife, Alex and a crew of nine,
up and down the Atlantic coast, stopping in ports of call, but rarely staying long.
As far as Johnny is concerned, saving is the best thing you can do for his emphysema,
the source be saying.
The healthy seer gives Johnny a renewed energy and vitality,
and he's looking much better than the pasty gray he was earlier this year,
although he still weak Johnny appears tanned and fit.
But throughout his travels, the star is shied away from the public.
Johnny is almost as reclusive as Howard Hughes, the source said.
He was going to stay at Sag Harbor on the tip of Long Island through Labor Day,
but he got spooked after a newspaper printed a report of the Serengeti being birthed in a
slip there. He immediately had the boats kept and way anchored head back out to sea.
Outside of the fact that he loves being out on the sea for a clean area,
he also loves that he doesn't have to see another soul out there.
Johnny doesn't want to see anybody.
When the boat docs usually stays below deck, watching his satellite TV,
occasionally he may slip ashore for a quiet lunch alone with Alex as he did one afternoon,
in Boston at Vista Rante Tuscano.
But mostly he's content to be by himself with Alex and the crew.
Jerry Satsig had of Carson Productions and Johnny's nephew told the inquiry,
he didn't take the star hand in Fassima, but a family friend insisted Johnny's smoking led to
his disease. There was a time after Johnny had his heart attack that his doctor studied
beyond oxygen indefinitely, but Johnny desperately didn't want to now want to be tied down to
an oxygen tank for the rest of his life. He stopped smoking, got checkups regularly,
but over time his condition deteriorated. He did too much damage to as long as the young man,
his biggest regret in life is that he's being a big smoker. Quit smoking all you punks out there,
quit smoking it. Quit gagging on it, okay? Because you're going to be dead.
I think that's a good question. Now what does this Hank is doing the,
the Monday night football on sports center in Tampa tonight? That's what I was told.
That's why he's not on. Okay, Hank's doing a Monday night football on sports center,
running his band tonight, which is why he's not. I knew it had to be do something with that.
You know, the hoppers got bigger fish to fry than worried about QA. And I don't blame them.
Like I said, more pay less work. We like that. Nice going, hopper.
Show me a show up. Show up. I just just mail it in. That's a way to do it. He's taking a pain.
See, I set the trend for all of these guys. You notice? They're just like, just like last Monday,
I'm promoing the mad dog going to be on a one o'clock and all of a sudden, low and B hole comes
one o'clock and there's the little dog. Here's your row as much to my amazement, especially amazing
now that we had like two was it Monday or Tuesday, whatever day it was. I forget.
And we have two P.Ds running around the building. I can't even find out who's going to be on the
year, get a schedule, right? And what was made is doing everything off again like he told me that day.
I just took the day off. Nice going, mad dog.
More pay less work. That's the all-American way, baby. More and more money and less work.
Maybe we'll show up once in a while. Like Tom Jekyll says, we'll call in from ports abroad,
you know, like Johnny. Just like Johnny. We'll call it in from orbit and help we a duck at the moment.
They could build a studio when you're a yacht. And it sounds like Johnny could use a good duck.
1226, poor Johnny boy, you can just see this funeral as they bring in the casket and Ed McMahon here.
I mean, wouldn't that be bad? Oh, that would be bad. That would be terrible. But it would be kind
of amusing though. Yeah, I mean, Johnny would like that, I think. I think so. No, he wouldn't.
Now he's going to be reclusible prick. I got your doctor Phil stuff coming up in a minute.
You're going to love it. You're going to be squeezing yourself. You're going to be obsessed.
Speaking of squeezing yourself, if you're if you're so fat that you can't even find it much less
squeeze it, here's the answer for you balance for life. Our good friend, the beast who used to work
on a morning show, used to work on a mohauer David show, but for some inexplicable reason,
I don't know how to show anymore when it comes back from vacation next week. The beast lost
55 pounds on balance for life and you can do the same or even more. You just keep going
at it, man. Just keep eating the food that they provide for you every morning and your little black
sack six o'clock in the morning like a like clockwork. They deliver it right to your door at home,
at work, at your massage partner wherever you are at six o'clock in the morning. And that's all
you have to think about right inside that sack is all the food you want for the day. Three gourmet
meals, two delicious snacks, even a little 60 Nons bottle of water was in there too to get you started.
And the food is delicious, it's fresh, it's made with the best ingredients, there's all kinds of
great veggies in there. And even some of the stuff that doesn't sound all that great, you'll be
amazed if delicious and you get to choose two alternatives for each meal and snack every day
that's run a program and the wait just pours off your body. And what a relief from other so-called
weight loss programs where you have to count calories and you have to count carbohydrates and you
have to go shopping for this and that you don't have to shop for anything because everything you're
going to eat is in that little black sack. So if you want to lose weight, the painless way,
the effective way, the delicious way, this is the answer, believe you me when I tell you,
in fact I'm really looking forward to coming back and getting on it and the diet too.
Balance for life, call them at this number 954-568-229. It's 954-568-229. If you want to lose the
weight and start looking and feeling like a human being or check out their website at balanceforlife.com.
This fall, television changes forever. His talent like it is style has already impacted millions
of Americans. His appearances on Oprah have propelled him into the national limelight. Get ready
for Dr. Phil. Well Phil, we've been married 20 years. Don't cry. I'm not crying. Look at me when
you talk. I'm looking right at you. So your problem is you're stupid. No, you see,
me and my husband got a big butt too and you're stupid. Why are you crying? You see, I don't have
any sympathy for you. We see me, my husband. You're in the 80s. We haven't had sex in like 10.
Why wouldn't that have sex with you either? Look at the can on you. Dr. Phil, the problem seems to be
I come home. I want to watch TV. I want to tell me about you. Tell me about her. Well, let's
try and tell you. She comes into the room. Tell me what she does. Tell me what you do. I sit in
the chair and I have the TV on. She comes too busy watching TV is your deal. That's what men want to do.
We just want to watch TV. He can't do it. Well, I want to do it. And you can't do it. See, your problem
is your dumb. You're a dumb watching TV. It is. Excuse me. I say you're a dumb. Don't I
ball me like that. I'm trying to help you. You're on my show. You don't have your own show. Do
you? You know, you need some of this. Oh, I'm about to get it. Oh, Dr. Phil. See, Dr. Phil, he just
doesn't know why you talking so quiet. You see, already I can tell that you're a pushover. But
he just doesn't know. Don't tell me what he does. I just don't understand. I've got some of this for you too.
Some of this Dr. Phil is false. He go, Mr. Nonsense. Boyish and love for you too.
You know, I just realized that the inquirements story has got this other one in here, but
that I have to separate and the two good to be like short-changed. Okay. So the first one from this
week's globe exposed Dr. Phil the love cheat. Oh, Dr. Phil McGraw is cheating doomed his first
marriage to his high school sweetheart and left her devastated globe can reveal. But the hot
new TV advice guru who sternly lectures people about taking responsibility for their actions
stubbornly refused. His wife, Deborah Lee Higgins has come forward to tell all and brand him a
shameless hypocrite. While McGraw today declares their state that stay at home wives can ruin a
relationship, he didn't even let Higgins get a job says the friend. He then gave her just $500
and a Pontiac Grand Prix and a divorce settlement adds to the pal. Truly telling her you didn't work
so you don't deserve anything. The friend notes that it wasn't until an interview just last
month that he would even acknowledge that he had previously tied the knot before he walked on the
aisle 26 years ago with the second wife Robin. Two claims he and Higgins ended their marriage on
good terms to clearing. We never had a crossword. We sat down and said, why did we do this?
The psychotherapist first wife had never spoken about her heartache, but a friend revealed to the
globe the intimate details of the marriage and told our Higgins was shattered by the breakup.
When she seized the relationship, Google pontificating on TV. Debbie worshipped and then she found out
he was seeing other women the pal says she's seen other pal. She was shattered, filled always
told her that he loved her and wanted to spend the rest of his life with her. As far as Phil's
claim that they never had a crossword, well his actions spoke louder than words. In a story
book romance, McGraw and Debbie met while attending Shawnee Mission North High School in Shawnee Mission
Kansas. By the senior year, he was a hulking six foot four lineman and she was head cheerleader and
homecoming queen. Phil was the only guy Debbie dated confides the friend when he proposed
her after they graduated in 68. He really said yes, but they didn't get married until two years
later, not right out of high school like Phil's claimed. First McGraw attended the University of
Tulsa on a football scholarship, but he left the Oklahoma School following his freshman year because
of a serious injury suffered in the game. He then took a job at a health spot in Lubbock, Texas.
Phil called Debbie and asked her to move down Lubbock to be with him says the front that didn't
said too well with her mom. This was Kansas in 1970 and an unmarried couple living together was
still pretty much taboo. Plus her mom wasn't crazy about Phil from the start, but Debbie was so
deeply in love with him she relocated to Lubbock. Eventually when they were 20 they exchanged
vows at the Southridge Presbyterian Church in Shawnee Mission November 27, 1970. The newly
weds finally settled down into Pika, Kansas where McGraw opened the Grecian Health Spa,
in 1973 to pick a phone book list a Phil McGraw living at the out of the same addresses
despised and they large yellow page and in other words he was running a business out of his house.
By then the marriage was already hitting the skids. One day Phil went to the airport to pick up
his father after telling Debbie to have his dinner ready when they returned to his friend,
but he never came home that night. Devastated Debbie went across the street to cry on a
pal shoulder. The neighbor told Debbie I've seen Phil bringing other women to your home when
you've been away reveals the friend. It was like Debbie had been hitting the back of the head with a
brick. Incredibly McGraw didn't even deny it when Debbie confronted him says her pal. He told her
don't take it personally it has nothing to do with my feelings toward you. That's the way the world
so grow up. It shows you the size of his ego in his mind. He didn't do anything wrong. Higgins
slapped him in the divorce papers and although she just got a few bucks in the used Pontiac from
Debbie was thrilled to be out reveals the friend. She was out of it. Lama Graw for bad Debbie to take a
job after they tied the knot. He apparently changed this tune drastically. Today in his best
selling books like Self Matters and Getting Real, he declares that wives who don't work are a big
threat to happy marriages. Despite the breakup of McGraw's first marriage, his current wife and
sis cheese are not nervous at all about him cheating on her. He knows there's nothing that would
make it okay for him to have an affair or treat me with this respect as Robin who is a high school
friend of McGraw's sister and met him soon after his divorce. We got a lot of our differences
as settled during the four years we were dating but for Higgins her fairytale romance
turned into a nightmare and she's horrified to see how her ex is claiming to be a perfect
relationship expert her friend says. Debbie told me all I wanted out of our life together was
peace and happiness and if some money came later terrific but it looks like Phil's motivations
were different than mine says the friend the pal. Now Phil's making millions as a therapist who
feels qualified to tell people what's wrong with him but it seems like he believes he's never
made a mistake in his life. It looks like a whole lot easier for Phil to never acknowledge
that he has. How do you like that huh Dr. Phil Frick and Hepocrates? Don't I ball me?
Now and I guess I'll have to do the break because this one also is fairly lengthy from the inquirer
so you know and the inquirer also got an inset here Dr. Phyllis Lyngs his woman in sex scandal.
Yes. How's that the same one or is this the different one?
Oh no this is a different one. Oh no. Oh no.
Oh no. More new stuff. Yes this is a third one. All right. Well anyway the first story and the
inquirer says Dr. Phil's father raped me. How do you like that? I like it. Former patient breaks
your silence. Like I said I better do the break. I'm almost speechless from this other one.
Dr. Phil is Lyngs his woman in sex scandal and this is in the inquirer. Oh so we know we believe
the inquirer sure I held a lot more than the hero. The sun sent him over to guide them New York
freaking time. Yes. Or the Washington Post. Yes. Or the St. Louis Post is spat. Yes. Or the Pittsburgh Post
Gazette. Yes. Or the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle. Well 491 votes. Look at it now. How are we
doing on that that makes no difference to me? 13%. She's been between 13 and 14%. There was loyal
people out there who don't give a crap. They're going to listen to old Neil no matter what goes on
the show. We love them. Okay. They're sticking with us just like Jimmy Bowen said I'm sticking with
you. Remember that Jimmy Bowen? No. No. Book of Brian does. I'm sticking with you on Rulat Records,
baby Jimmy Bowen and Buddy Knox party doll. Never party doll by Buddy Knox. Of course. It's back here.
Did I say 21 before I wanted five? But this show today has gone by like five minutes man. We need
to huh? Feels like I just sat down. And now that I found this other die. See I thought it was the
same one in the inset and I it's my fault for not reading the details but I couldn't imagine
that they're like three scandals all on the same week week of tabloids. Holy crap rat man.
Don't forget by the way in showcase between four and five this afternoon on Rogers Cable
two back to back episodes of Batman. Oh that's right you don't get that. Oh I guess what movie I saw
on a screen TV this weekend. I give up. The War of the World? Yes. Oh, and you know the priest.
The priest that went out there and held up the truck. He's still dead. Listen if you want to toss
and turn no more. Here's the answer for you. Great new mattress. If you're not getting a good night's
sleep then you don't feel like crap. Your back is out of sorts and out of whack. And of course you
don't feel good. If you want to feel great then of course getting a good night's sleep is a big
part of that. Get you a great name brand mattress. You'll be amazed at how different and how much
better you'll feel. Getting a great night's sleep every night. How do you do it? The easy way by
calling our good buddies the dial mattress are pals. Just call one 800 mattress. One 800 MATK RES.
You'll be talking about some telephone operator but somebody who knows mattresses inside and out
will make damn sure they hook you up with exactly the kind of mattress that you want. And the
brand name which everyone is your favorite. And they only carry the top names. No off names.
They got SIRTA, C. Lee Simmons, King Coral and no bait and swish either. Exactly the one you
orders the one they'll deliver and they deliver to you when it's convenient for you. Any day of your
life seven days a week and you picked it to our window between noon and two one and three two
and five four thirty and six thirty etc. And they give you that 30 day home comfort trial to test
out you new mattress. The smart way by sleeping on it and we're all sorts of obscene pornographic
things on it. So pick up the phone and call them right now. You'll be amazed like I always am and
how quickly they're there and what a super job they do have taken out the way the old bedding and
sending up your brand new one called dial mattress and one 800 mattress one 800 MATK RES or you can
also check them out on the word wide web at macrus.com.
French people piss me out. We're going into the personal life story now.
You know because otherwise you have to talk about. Were you surprised by this divorce?
No I begged him to let me out. Really? Yeah. You fired me because Tom requires sort of the
commitment. Yeah. And then I was doing. Oh it's coming for people. Really? Yeah. So that's
got to be fun. That's got to be living out of fantasy. Amazing. It's so entertaining. Do you like
me? Oh my god. What is going on in your head that that comes out? Get out of here. Get out.
So refax me that page you just sent me about um Sorkin? Yeah. You're in Sorkin.
Refax me that because it was not a page where because I'm trying to like uh
conserve my fax paper here. Okay. So I put in some stuff that had some other crap on it and I
headed an upside down. It's a good story but I'm not going to have time for it. There it goes.
There it goes. It's on its way from San Jose. Anyway, 500 to 400 votes on the pool I should point out.
Dr. Phil's father raped me. How do you like that? I was raped by Dr. Phil's father. That's the
painful secret Martha Wattley West is finally revealing in an exclusive inquiry interview after two
decades of silence. And it's the painful family secret that Dr. Phil McGraw opers handpicked
relationship guru hides behind his TV ready smile. Dr. Phil's dad Joe McGraw ruined my life and
destroyed my marriage Martha declared I was ready to kill myself. Four weeks ago the inquiry revealed
that a former female patient of Dr. Phil claimed he sexually abused her in 1985 and a state agency
in Texas found that the psychologist was guilty of misconduct. The saying like father like son
applies to Dr. Phil and his father no questions said Martha 52. I thought I'd put it behind me
until I saw Dr. Phil on TV all these years later. I felt like I had been raped one more time.
Dr. Phil McGraw. Martha's nightmare began in 1981 when she went to
psychologist Joe who died in 1993 for helping battling depression after several deaths in her
family. I went to his office in which the top falls Texas she told the inquiry. He and Dr. Phil
at offices in an older home. I was 31 and married. My husband was a banker. We had two small children.
Dr. Joe was about 60 baldening a little a little with a mustache during my very first visit. He said
have you ever had an affair? I was shocked. I said no he said I can't believe that you're so beautiful.
I would love to make love to you. I was so naive. I just thought oh my goodness this man thinks I'm
attractive. I was in awe of him. After that he was flirtatious at every counseling session.
Seven months into my therapy where we're sitting in our chairs when he stood up and walked over to me.
He pulled my shoulders to have me stand up and then he kissed me and then he kissed me. Everly brothers
remember? Yes. He pulled on his pants and underwear and pushed my shoulders down and had me perform
oral sex on him. I'd never done that before in my life. When he exposed himself he said proudly
so what do you think of that? I didn't say anything or overwhelmed. I was mesmerized by him.
After when he said if I told anyone he could get in a lot of trouble he said he had to be careful
in case his wife Jerry found out. I never saw him again for therapy. They did ask me to meet him one
more time a week or two later. It was at the house of a bachelor friend of Joe. We went
out of the master bedroom and got on dress. He tried to do the sex act but wasn't able to properly
perform. When he I left he said I can't do this anymore. He said that's probably a good idea
because obviously he can't either. After that he and Dr. Phil dropped me like a hot potato. I
went into a terrible depression. I'd never had sex with outside anyone outside my marriage. I
ended up feeling I'd ruined my life and Dr. Joe had ruined my life. It goes on. But anyway here comes
the important part that I just discovered. Okay. And evidently they had this earlier but here's the
update because they're on top of it man at the inquire. They were the first and Robert Blake
and the first on O.J. and the first on everything. Right. And John. And John.
But a Dr. Phil is lying since woman in sex scandal. Dr. Phil is desperate. I stick to my story. That's
the angry declaration of a former patient of Dr. Patients and Dr. Phil McGraw a woman who insists
the TV.com is sexually abused here after he denied her revelations which were first reported in
the inquirer. Oh! In a blockbuster interview in our August 20th issue the former patient said that
when she was 20 Oprah went for his self-help guru touched my breast and put his hands between my
legs. I felt like a pedophile victim. The man's a predator. We revealed Dr. Phil was investigated by
the Texas State Board of Examiners of Psychologists and in 1989 he was found guilty of misconduct.
Now Dr. Phil whose own talk show is just a view claims the sexual abuse never took place
further devastating his former patient. The woman now 38 was Dr. Phil's patient in which
to help all his Texas and became his employee too before she filed a complaint with the board.
She asked that her name not be used although the inquirer confirmed her complaint through official
records. Before the inquiry story was published we made numerous attempts to get a comment from a
Graw received no answer but a month later we told a magazine I've never so much as pated this
woman on the back it was absolutely totally false and it was fully investigated and dismissed.
But the woman's complaint was not dismissed the inquiry learned the board punished Dr. Phil with a
public reprimand and demanded that his practice be supervised by another psychologist. The woman
told the inquiry after hearing Dr. Phil's remarks this makes me feel ill. I feel like I'm being abused
all over again. All I can say is that all of my allegations were true and that's why he chose to
enter into the settlement agreement with the board which ordered him to be supervised and monitored.
I'm sticking to my guns the story the inquiry ran was accurate by making these statements now he's
lying she says I guess he ever said to make him look good for his new show but these facts have
been established for a long time. Dr. Phil also told the magazine he took a lie detector test to
prove his innocence I told them to ask me about her and about any other woman patient I passed
with 2020 hindsight it would have been better if I'd never seen her again but it had nothing to
with sexual allegations whatsoever. When a magazine asked Dr. Phil who administered the test he
couldn't remember and the chairman of the board had said in judgment of Dr. Phil Dr. Lawrence Abrams
was shocked by McGraw's claim he told the inquiry we don't require lie detector test we never
lie detector tested anyone I don't recall the specific case of Dr. McGraw but I don't recall any
psychologist ever taking a lie detector test the former patient added to now say the abuse
didn't occur as a desperate act by a desperate man. How do you like them apples huh? Good old Dr. Phil
all we can say is wow by the way I got my shirt and pants on that's good to know.
One other's a reason for that though. Oh because you're expecting company. I'm
bigger part. You're expecting company. I'm expecting engineers going to be one o'clock and I
want to be sitting here like you know starting to make it like usually are. Oh no not in my
boxes and my walking shorts I don't sit around here in my underwear okay close to it and believe
me it's not a pretty sight and I'm sure you believe me but anyway the engineers come we're
going to get the phones thick we got our pool going about should we take calls on the show
we got over 500 votes the audience is emotional and aroused about it man you can almost smell it
I'm ready to be faxed me this I will get this in today because I don't have time to do the
Britney thing justice we'll do that tomorrow okay Britney cleans up a rack you're going to be
disappointed about that and Kathy Lee takes Frank back to the scene of the slime crime and Robert Blake
tried to strangle wife during kinky romp and he couldn't strangle her so finally
Martha they'll never lay a finger on me since Martha's to her got some good tabloid stuff and
the usual stuff and who knows maybe we'll take some calls tomorrow never know one or two maybe
or we'll see tell Carlos by the way to get a little bit of counseling just in case he's been through
it yeah he was oh that's right he did it when you were in the air that was his internship so he
knows that oh yeah and chick up the mad ikon and where those guys all call well that's right they
don't love those they don't do it off the air they were yeah there were enough the raspberry guy
I mean called ten times a day yeah it's and that has pretty good maybe he's had some therapy maybe
he's had some help 1252 at 560 wq and we got the mad dog coming up at one o'clock with your busy
lifestyle you all the energy you can to feel healthy to feel like a human being to have like some
kind of a sense of the wellness here's a product that'll help you be well it's only a man only
medize sensational new product it contains the best olive oil on the planet along with vitamins
minerals and rubles and they make a separate product to promote different parts of your health
there's one specifically designed to help your heart one for your blood pressure your cholesterol
and your prostate and they all come in easy to take softyle capsule and just pop in your old
pus oldie meds also got supplements to promote health and your circulatory system your digestive
your inner consistent your skin your bones even your mind and all of them use the benefits of
pharmaceutical great olive oil and other good stuff too olio med makes products for men and
some specifically designed for women as well olio meds an outstanding new product which you can
pick up all over time because more and more people are pregnant you can pick it up at a whole
food market small green sedanos and for our pharmacies if you might get more information call
their toll free number they'll give you all the answers for you 1 866 olio med that's 1 866
olio med and you can also order this exciting new product online at olio med america dot com
205 6668
different be very afraid
oh don't don't worry and that's why I think they'll just have a championship season
the chance and where did I tell you you don't talk till I say you can talk this is the beast
I said shut up that's all but you're like a father to me you don't talk till I'm done talking
what I'm done talking then you talk okay I'll my beast come it come it I want you to
mean a friend of mine mr. golf club why I heard it I'm gonna show you the business
entities they come in
this court sentences you do 20 years in ours what you info I had done a tag off my mattress look
like will be a bunk main the names of all how a day man starry stage screen and
what's your name go me go for you got so
pan thank you
hey
you know
money so proud of drill honey I'm gonna make you my what
hey nobody's nothing
god god
who got a little pinky
god
my shower time it got 10 minutes
well there was to be safe and easy
no both time no man
in Lord of New Linda Blau but that's so pretty
okay
yeah
for the virus me like that you know who I am
you can then then don't think it up now
probably a bloodhead
it's all right
but I expect a print in the policy I might
let's put that through man
the book time
yeah Lord
Bruh
yeah
I'll take the car
and I'll take the car
and I'll take the car
Lord and I'll see you now
thanks
well mr. David
hello
Walden
don't jack jack
Gordon
how can it help you
you see Walden
yeah
keep getting raped
is it that a shame
y'all look into it right away
thanks Walden
it's about time
some put it
it is out drop your path
I said drop your path
this was odd
so
favors no good
you
yo yo yo
let's rape
oh
radio
big
shot
oh
rass
how
we pass the time
awake
in the gale
jale
oh
oh
258
you know I packed myself into a corner
I don't have time for this uh
huh
I know
what are you chuckling about
nothing
you're not still laughing about
don't don't don't
that are you
so I guess I have to start with that tomorrow
let me forget because this is very important
in fact I'm so impressed by this
whoever fact did thank you very much
I might use it every day
Carlos found it
thank you Carlos
you're the best
522 votes
we want to give the poor result
before we get out of here
make way for the mad dog
we don't want to step on his show
do we
we don't mess around
with other people's time
okay on this show
when it comes to one o'clock
we're out of here
we don't make excuses like wow
you know
we had that penetrating interview with Pat Riley again
or some horse crap
that we hear like on that morning show
and that was the same case with the uh
worst team too you notice
right
they had trouble reading the clock
should Neil start taking calls on his show again
we asked 522 votes
yes but only a few 153
few calls like maybe five a year
yes please 148
28.3 percent
maybe one day a week 72 people said that
it makes no difference to me
70
there's our 13.4 percent
they'll listen no matter what we're doing
if we like
play grandma Moses farting for four hours every day
they'll be there
absolutely not please 43
and
and it's changing again
now if he does i'll blow my brains out
36
6.8 percent
bye bye bye
then the rest of the show
uncliced
the QAn
playing for my HL
do do do do do do
we will return to regular programming
momentarily on wqam.com
until then
here's the best of sports radio 560
QAn is bob
