Now, now, now the Neil Roger Show on 560 WQAM.
It's Friday, you besties.
Hi there, bothered by those pesky religious fanatics.
Excuse me, have you made peace with the ultimate Supreme Being?
Leave it on!
Yes, you could try blowing them up.
Pardon me, sir, but did you know that your immortal soul is in danger of all of you?
But think of the mess, not to mention those legal fees.
That's why we at Lingam Labs have developed Jehovah Way, the clean, simple way to rid yourself
of those annoying acolytes.
Jesus, let me know for the most.
Knock it off!
Where are we?
What are we doing here?
I'm going to get a life, we too!
Yes, Jehovah Way, proven safe and effective, and for those annoying it counters at the airport,
it's new travel-sized Jehovah Way.
Holy Christmas, Christmas, Christmas!
Hey, where did I get these stupid clothes?
And where's my hair?
My hair!
Yes, Jehovah Way, the little spray that keeps fanatics away.
Look for it in the pest control section of your local hardware store.
And I certainly will, and by the way, happy birthday to Ferrell Rimmer, it was her birthday
yesterday, but of course, somebody didn't bother to tell me that until last night, so it's
a little bit too late.
Happy birthday, Ferrell, I hate wishing people birthday the day after and things like that.
It would be like my call my mother on Monday, say happy Mother's Day.
Oh, by the way, happy Mother's Day, Ma.
What am I giving my mother this year?
My best wishes.
What are you giving your mother, George?
A card and a ride to a family function.
A card?
Boy, that's pretty wide, yeah.
Yeah, it's hard to find cards for her.
For a bitch like that.
Yeah, the Jehovah's Witnesses' face expulsion, that's why I played that bit to start today
in case inquiring minds wanted to know.
As a pillar of his church, this is in Louisville, Kentucky, where is that Louisville,
as somebody would say, semi-literate assholes would say.
As a pillar of his church, William Bowen said, no relation to Joe, said in judgment of
fellow Jehovah's Witnesses who went astray.
On a few occasions, Bowen's important to the ultimate punishment expulsion from the tight-knit
were religious group.
But now the lifelong Jehovah's Witnesses' way to judgment himself from fellow members
of the faith, the 44-year-old former church eldest among four Jehovah's Witnesses threatened
with excommunication or this fellowship as the admonition calls it.
You know this fellow?
No, not that one.
Oh, for sewing discord in the faith by speaking out against the church's handling of allegations
of child molestation.
Boy!
Bowen complains that child-sex allegations are generally not reported to secular authorities
by the Jehovah's Witnesses because of the church's closed nature and its insistence on handling
problems internally.
The Jehovah's Witnesses' shun outside world of many respects, they refuse to bear arms,
salute to flag, or participate in secular government, they also refuse blood transfusions.
I didn't know they refused to salute to flag.
Do you know that?
Yes, I did.
I did.
Did you know what it's like?
Well, screw that.
Well, screw that.
Screw that.
Screw that.
Screw that.
On patriotic schmucks?
Oh, sorry.
We apologize to our Jehovah's Witnesses in the audience, don't we?
No.
No.
Bowen is to appear today before a judicial committee at his church in Draftonville, Kentucky,
a small town in far Western Kentucky, KY.
Two others, Carl and Barbara Pandello, a Belmar New Jersey, had their hearing this week
and awaiting a decision.
Barbara Anderson of Normandy, Tennessee, also has been seven who appear before committee.
Anderson said she learned about the church's handling of abuse cases while she worked at
its headquarters in New York City, like Bowen, the Pandello said, the real motivation is
to silence them within the denomination, which claims about six million members worldwide,
including about a million in the U.S.
To silence them.
In other words, we don't want to air our dirty laundry.
Let's take care of ourselves and do not go to the police.
Okay, whatever you do, don't go to the police.
By the way, we don't really have to wait for that press conference.
As Gellie said, there at the end, it's Rick Dudley, who's going to be the new general manager
of the Florida Panthers.
And that's pretty good news.
Oh!
Bye-bye, Chuck Fletcher.
Loser.
Maybe Rick Dudley can come to South Florida, at least the other coast, and build a tremendous
juggernaut like he didn't tamper.
That's right.
The Florida Panthers have fired interim general manager Chuck Fletcher and replaced him with former
Tampa Bay Lightning General Manager Rick Dudley.
How about that blowjob by the Kennedy Ends last night they have?
Here I'm dreaming of a Toronto Montreal Eastern Conference Final.
And of course, ABC, the American networks are crapping their pants over that.
Oh!
Boy, if they got some big matchups coming out, you got out of the four teams left in the Eastern
Conference, three are Canadian, and then you got Carolina.
Oh my God.
So don't give me a song to dance about how bad the ratings are going to be because they're
going to be minuscule.
Not as minuscule is the crowd of that baseball game last night, but I'll get to that.
Fletcher took over the GM's position from Bill Turion, December 3rd, for Mr. Bo-Tie.
Dudley was also GM of the Ottawa Senators, previous to being hired by the Lightning on June
8th, 1999.
And there it is.
Bye-bye, Chuck Fletcher.
Well, I attended a lot of churning and moaning and groaning, but you just wait.
The youngsters in the organization, they're going to come through for you.
Aren't they?
No.
So speaking of that tremendous crowd last night, the first place South Florida baseball team
I can't remember what the name was, but anyway, 5,461.
That's the box score attendance, which is always inflated considerably because it includes
all 4,000 of their season attendees.
So probably 3,4,000 there last night, as the first place South Florida team continued to
afford game winning streak, and nobody cares.
See, this radio station, I'm not just talking about anybody in particular, all of them,
let's face it, get serious.
But it's just an ongoing thing.
And I understand that during the long law between the end of hockey and basketball and the start
of football, you've got to have something to talk about.
Nobody cares.
Nobody knows the trouble we've seen.
And you had the Dodgers in town this weekend, there will be some Dodger fans going to see that.
But I have a feeling they'll never crack 20,000 for any of the 3 games.
How about Miguel, you going to the Dodger games or maybe you have pop?
Probably my dad, yeah.
Yeah, probably Poppy's going to cause the tickets are free.
They can, the parking pass.
Did we ever get to parking passes, by the way?
Yes.
All right.
Like I said, the tickets are free and the parking passes are free.
And I bet you they just give out free tickets all season long.
They make some fans in there.
They get some people, some asses in the seats.
And you could bring your dogs every day.
Not just once in a while, your dog, your pierrake, maybe a cockatoo in honor of a Robert Blake.
Are Paul yesterday?
Who would you like most to pull the switch on?
Look at that.
I closed it out before I printed it out before the final result.
980 votes.
OJ407.
A runaway winner, which we knew he was going to be.
Andrey Yates, who did very respectively, well 175.
Susan Smith, you might think they'd forget Susan, but did they forget her?
No.
No, she done well.
She's third with 137.
Followed by John Walker Lind and Father Gagan are in a tie.
In fact, I think they were match made in heaven.
73 of peace.
Father Shanley's right on their ass, so to speak 71.
Luke Helder, the mailbox bomber.
Good old Luke Skywalker Helder.
He's only got 34.
They haven't learned to hate him yet.
He just wanted to make a funny face.
And in fact, if you see him, I think he already has a funny face.
Panelist, smart 7, that bitch in New England, who got those three kids to kill a hubby,
and Robert Blake's only got a pair.
Well, first of all, Robert Blake number one hasn't been convicted of anything.
That's first.
And secondly, I think most of the male audience that we have out there, they agree that he did a good deed.
And George is still working on that trophy.
Somebody faxes me something just incredibly disturbing this morning, but only a little peace.
If you're going to fax this some information, please don't send us like little bits and pieces.
So we have to do like a puzzle on this.
It's an ad obviously for one of the local rags.
It's Angela's back.
For a second there, I thought it's an Angela's black, but we already know that.
Angela Ray returns to South Florida.
Look for her very special report.
It's 5'6 and 11.
I guess we could assume it's on Channel 4 because that's where she was before doing her.
And maybe not.
Maybe she's just going to be doing stuff.
Maybe she's still in New York, but this is something we don't know about.
Maybe somebody will fax this the rest of this story so we don't worry about how she's going to be.
So everybody can avoid it at all costs.
I almost forgot about our thing yesterday with a Broward Chamber of Commerce.
I almost forgotten terribly about that.
Did you ever get the information about that?
No, I did not.
Well, why not?
Because I'm lazy in a space cadet.
Well, I tell you, you know, it's really too bad because Greg and George Bond had yesterday
and kissed and made up into the little fisting all the way up to their armpit.
And I'm starting to think that maybe he had a point.
I think what we ought to do is get everybody on their ass to Broward Chamber of Commerce,
which yesterday and kissed him is a grotesque story.
Not only welcomed in his members, but also is like doing a big fundraiser tomorrow
for the homeless voice in the anxious Sean Canone.
I don't think we just want to let this slip through our fingers, do we?
No, I'm going to get it during the next break.
All right.
There's no hurry.
We got a long time.
We got four hours today.
Here's our, oh, and by the way, there was a great special last night on a channel that we have down here
up here, wherever the hell I am, on digital cable, called a sex channel of all things.
And it was about the Catholic Church.
And since it's already Friday and some of you on Sunday are going to be going again
because you've been conditioned to doing it and you used to doing it in its habit
just like putting on your goddamn clothing every morning and taking a dump.
Since the mid-1960s, 110,000 priests worldwide have left the priesthood to get married.
110,000, that just since the mid-60s worldwide.
And then they were talking a great length about the Church's sick attitudes about sex and the fact that,
which we already know this, but when you say it, you realize that almost nobody pays any attention
with how ludicrous it is.
How can you keep subsidizing and supporting being part of such a sick twisted organization?
I don't understand it.
Masterbation, sex for any purpose other than procreation, these are mortal sins,
which of course is why you have to confess it to the priest because he gets off here and about it.
Believe me.
But how can you be part of something so ridiculous?
So it's good to know that Catholics aren't the fornicating and they're certainly not masturbating.
Thank God for that.
Here's our poll question for today, Eric.
And I want to see everybody this weekend vote on this poll.
Okay, I noticed a little bit of slack enough.
We may just under a thousand votes on a poll from yesterday, but that's okay.
But I noticed a little bit of slack enough there as we get into the dog days of summer.
Cut the crap.
How has the priest sex abuse scandal affected your attitudes toward religion as our question today?
You think that's an interesting poll? I think it's interesting.
I like it.
Yeah, you would because you're a game heathen prick.
Not at all.
Somewhat negatively, extremely negatively, or reinforced my belief that it's all a bunch of sick crap.
I think those are four excellent choices.
Of course, what do I know?
How is the priest sex abuse scandal affected your attitude toward religion?
Not at all.
Somewhat negatively, extremely negatively, or reinforced my belief that it's all a bunch of sick crap.
Gee, I'm going to have to think about that what I'm going to vote.
Oh, I just made up my mind.
By the way.
Yes, something.
BrowardBiz.com is the official site of the Broward County Chamber of Commerce.
BrowardBizViz.
Correct.
.com.
Okay, if you're unhappy with the Broward Chamber of Commerce and the fact that they're welcoming in and even raising money for the shyster of this fake or Sean Canoney,
who puts all those orange shirts out there in the street corners, raising havoc and interfering with traffic.
If you're sick and tired of this crap and you're nauseated like I am, then you better let them know about an email at BrowardBiz.com and tell them, cut the crap.
Jesus.
I, like I said yesterday, I'm embarrassed to admit that I live there.
12 minutes past 9 at 5.60 WQM on a great Friday.
Boy, it's beautiful here today, man. Sonny is going to be 58. It's great.
Oh!
Mother's Day, this is our last opportunity to give you these messages because Mother's Day is Day after tomorrow.
And you still have time, though, this year more than ever show Mom 11 appreciated by setting her something great, something neat, something nifty, a Vermont teddy bear.
Your Mom, wife or grandma will receive a beautiful little bear made in Vermont and delivered with a free card and candy in a fun gift box.
Just call a bear counselor at 1-800-829-Bair and they'll help you tailor a bear just for her so she'll know you put some real thought into your gift this year.
When you call, ask about the new spa ma bear or the mama's boy with a heart-shaped tattoo.
And dads, all your dads out there don't forget every year it's your job to get a gift from the kids from Mom and the mother in cup said is a perfect idea.
You can add as many cups as needed with their little names on the little outfits.
A lot more personal on sending those flowers which are beautiful for a little while and then their willt and dead.
Just like us.
So call 1-800-829-Bair and they'll say their willt?
They'll say their willt.
Remember willt?
He was the father of our country.
So call 1-800-829-Bair or shop online at VermontTeddyBair.com and it takes a few minutes to order and don't forget you can even send a bear to the office if you like but I think that's probably a bad idea now because it's probably too late.
Give her a gift this mother they show me forever from the Vermont Teddy Bear Company.
It's not too late to do this because if you call today it'll be there in plenty of time from Mother Day Sunday.
Call 1-800-829-Bair that's 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. Be sure and tell them that...
Fort Lauderdale.
No portion of this program may be reproduced without the express written.
No, no.
BQAM, busy broadcast group incorporated.
You know he's not gonna about Bade County.
Shit.
A new film from Empathy Pictures.
Dances with Crack Dealers, the Urban Sequel.
My name is Dunbar.
John Dunbar, the fourth?
Oh yeah, right.
A MMC Dev Jam and is here because it's Molde.
We're back down Mowne.
Dances with Crack Dealers, John Dunbar, the fourth goes looking for the ghetto.
I mean, what's he doing down here?
Anyway, white boy.
What happened Jack?
You sleep there y'all, stop, wait, stop.
What he finds is the ghetto within himself.
You guys wanna come into my brownstone?
We could wrap over a cup of espresso and coffee.
I ain't no buzz in that man.
Yeah, baby, why don't you try some of this?
Dances with Crack Dealers from Empathy Pictures coming to theaters everywhere.
917-560-WQM Happy Friday to you.
Let's see, here's the facts that says,
Neil today is my 43rd birthday.
I was born in Boston, Massachusetts.
I'm at work right now.
How about a birthday?
Oh!
It's Thanksgiving's Paul.
There you go Paul.
Happy birthday to you and don't bug us again.
Okay, wait, wait till next year.
Well, I get up this morning.
I go on the internet and I look in the first two of the first things that I see.
I bought the same good, close personal friend of ours.
And I didn't ask you this yesterday.
It was just yesterday.
I'm a fat Jew.
Good old Al Goldstein.
Fat Jew pornographer.
Who's probably going to have one leg amputated very soon if you don't stop eating that ice cream.
Anyway, I guess yesterday at Georgia we heard any more about his sensing.
Come to find out his sensing was yesterday.
And I wish we had TV for about 10 seconds.
So you could see this picture of Al in this striped outfit that he's got with a cane.
Oh, this is, how do you describe this?
Al Goldstein is in court and in pain.
And I've got not just one but two great articles about this.
First one from the Daily News that's got that beautiful picture about it.
By Nancy Katz.
Porn Mogul gets time and fall sick.
Unrepentant smut salt in Al Goldstein was rushed to a hospital with chest pains yesterday.
Oh, after a judge sentenced him to 60 days in jail for harassing a former secretary with ex-rated phone calls and letters.
Goldstein convicted in February of six counts of misdemeanor harassment
came to court yesterday wearing a striped prison suit, but he exchanged the get up for conservative Navy blue blazer and a vote for Al Goldstein t-shirt
before he was sentenced by Brooklyn Criminal Court judge Danny Chen.
Chen.
He faced up to two years behind bars.
I believe the statute under which I was convicted was absurd Goldstein told Chen.
And assisting his calls were protected by the First Amendment.
Have you know shame and taken a 66 year old man and putting him in prison when their criminals roaming the streets he acts the judge?
But Chen would have not of a telling Goldstein that going after an individual harassing making phone calls threats and putting fear into that person that is not protected speech.
Prosecutors said Goldstein victimized Jennifer Luzinski by calling her names on his cable TV show,
putting her home address in his magazine and making phone threats.
Luzinski 29 quitter job after an argument with Goldstein.
Assistant District Attorney David Setron sought a year behind bars for Goldstein.
He said Goldstein showed no remorse for his actions.
Goldstein's lawyer Charles de Stefano said the jail term was a death sentence for Goldstein who suffers from diabetes, anemia hypertension and sleep apnea.
Goldstein in handcuffs was taken along to Long Island College Hospital after falling ill.
Why am I laughing about that?
Because it's funny.
It is. It's funny.
If you know how it's funny.
Luzinski's attorney Arthur Idaalus said his pint is just looking to move forward hoping he's learned his lesson.
You think I was going to learn his lesson?
No.
Now the New York Post has gotten even more interesting one written by Andrea Piser and the headline says God help me but free this guy.
Nice going Andrea.
New York Post has got some of the best comments they're great.
She says I know I'm going to pay for this big time but here goes free Al.
Al Goldstein was in the hallway of the Brooklyn courthouse yesterday morning fully engaged in the thing he does best.
I want to have a child with you Goldstein said with the lasciviousness of a vehicle on Viagra,
sliding his bulky frame against that of a tiny female court officer.
She laughed after all this woman was armed.
Minutes later Goldstein brought his stick to a less appreciative audience,
Judge Daniel Chun sentenced the cartoonish founding father of Lohrant Poren to 60 days in jail.
The case is not about the first amendment said Chun dismissing Goldstein's contention that he had a right to a harass a former assistant
by raging at the woman on the phone on his public access cable show and in his gennidly obsessed magazine Screw.
Now Goldstein joins the other menace to polite society,
Thieving ex-Satavis chairman Alfred Taubman who also was sentenced to a jail cell.
Don't we all feel safer?
In the well trafficked hallway asked prosecutors of Goldstein to harass them as he had his assistant to the pages of Screw,
while Goldstein called for terrorists to fly planes in the offices of Brooklyn D.A. Charles Hines.
He also dubbed lead prosecutor David Sudfrin a skinny little effort which for Goldstein is practically a compliment.
Except for an afraid will he press charges?
Now he told me this is what I do for living.
Goldstein argues that being obnoxious is what he does for a living.
The irony is the attention is good for a screw-way relic of simpler times.
I wonder what Al will write about me this time. His last screen got lost at the newsstand along with the Polish daily,
the Polish daily and the New York sun.
There's but one way to shut up, shut him up for sure.
Free Al writes Andrea Pizer in the New York Post today.
Let's go, Andrea.
So I can only assume that come the middle of July Al will be there knocking on everybody's door and Amsterdam,
because it's a lot of middle of May, two months in jail, assuming he survives, of course.
And keep in mind they've taken away his passport.
So no question the moment that he gets out he'll be on a plane.
This is a great, this keeps me in touch.
I know there were people over a concern my being doing the show for several months out of town.
I'm not going to, I'm going to lose touch with what's going on down there.
Write little Tommy, eat there right, little Tommy, jica.
By the way, I mentioned that George and Greg had a really good bonding.
I mentioned that by shoving it again.
Yesterday they kissed and made up.
So keep in mind George.
Greg H2.
Make no mistake about it.
In fact, he probably put on a happy face for it just like Luke.
But anyway, here's a letter to the editor on page 8B in the hero today that somebody facts to us,
which I'm very appreciative of this.
In fact, maybe you want to get Perry ready for a little encore.
Pining for oldies writes Marty Monroe, a harbor islands who probably just celebrate his 140th birthday.
He writes Ray Lee Goldsmith's complaint, no classical here, may eighth letter,
about no more classical music on local radio.
This is another and a long list of such complaints.
While I hardly agree with these folks, my question is,
where are all the similar lamentations about the complete lack of my favorite brand of music?
What is now called Big Band or Easy Listening or Oldies?
And no, I don't refer to early rock songs as oldies.
See Miguel thought he was talking about like magic?
No, you get it now?
Got it.
See, here we go.
This is an oldie, Corey Martin.
Good talk.
It goes round, round, round, as it skims along with the...
Oh wait a minute.
This is not compared to Ames and others.
That's obviously the damage that's going to be more near.
Now we already know that Robert Hansen, the FBI spy sentence to life in prison.
We know that. That's all news.
Anyway, get Perry on here again.
Sorry.
I thought it was something important.
It's just CNN killing some more time, restating the obvious.
By the way, if you're worried about Perry, he's still dead.
He ain't coming back.
He died.
Anyway, Marty goes on to see, I mean, real oldies like Perry Como, Tony Martin, Eddie Fisher, Rosemary Clooney, Patty Page, Benny Goodman,
Flynn Miller, Madavani, etc., Madavani.
Where is any local station that has that kind of music anymore?
I would say probably out of business, Marty.
All you have here now is rock, rock, more rock and Latin music.
God damn it.
This is what we want right here.
We want our music nurse, Ranchit.
So yes, let us have another WTMI, but yes, let us also have some real oldies music instead of all that noise that passes for music in Miami today.
Right, it's old Marty Monroe in Bay Harbor, Ireland.
I love it.
Crank that up.
Crank that up a little bit.
I love it.
I'm busy voting on my poll right now, okay?
I'll give you 85 guesses what I'm voting on that.
It's in the lead.
You want to see 50,000 responses on that poll this weekend, okay?
This town needs a little bit of a kick in the ass.
Every once in a while, every few months, the audience needs a kick in the ass.
5,461 at P.P. Park.
That's alleged in the box for 3,4,000 people there.
Don't you understand?
Nobody cares.
Like Harvey Pack would say.
Is he dead?
Harvey Pack?
I don't know who that is.
He did the racing show from Belmont, from New York.
Oh, Harvey.
Don't know who he is.
Harvey Pack.
Somebody will know if Harvey Pack's dead or alive.
26 votes on there already.
I think we're going to get a lot of votes on this poll this weekend.
I sure hope so.
Because the word on the street is that we don't know.
That's the word on the street.
Nobody knows the trouble we've seen.
17 people say that this priest's sex abuse scandal has reinforced their belief that it's all a bunch of sick crap.
17 out of 26 say that.
That's like 65.
That's like two thirds almost.
Extremely negatively four, not at all three and somewhat negatively two.
So so far it's not looking too good for the religion.
So there of course we have a lot of heathens who listen to the show.
Thank God.
Thank goodness.
Thank God.
Right for that.
Because I'm working feverishly on it.
So you can believe whatever you want.
I'm a big believer in that.
But I think that those of us who have enough intelligence, which doesn't require a lot,
and enough balls to say it, need to keep harping on it over and over and over again.
Because anything as sick as this,
the idea that any kind of sexual activity other than try to make babies is a mortal sin.
And a lot of you are going to go Sunday and continue promoting and participating and enriching the coffers of this crap.
What's wrong with you people? Are you absolutely crazy?
Are you out of your mind?
Yes.
God.
And not only that, but they don't pay any attention.
Wouldn't they just go on and they continue?
I don't understand that.
Well just because a few bad priests got in there doesn't mean that it's wrong.
Yeah right.
Now I'm not, but I'm not even talking about that.
Now I'm just talking about the tenants, the principles of the God damn church if they have any.
The whole concept of this so-called religion.
And by the way, the show I saw last night they pointed out that up until a thousand years ago,
the first thousand years of the church, there was no such thing as celibacy.
But then they discovered that if they invented the celibacy thing,
the priest didn't have any families or any relatives.
And therefore they wouldn't have any way to leave all their possessions to.
And the church was really destitute for cash and money and the property etc. at that time.
So here's a good way to at least scam some stuff off the priests.
That was the only reason for it, not because celibacy made anybody a whole year or more pure etc.
And so on.
It was just some cockamame thing.
It was like a fundraiser.
926 at 560 WQM.
Let me tell you about a mattress.
As a matter of fact, you know something?
Even I noticed the difference because I have a great dial amatrus mattress in my home.
And here I got to be honest with you.
Of course there's a lot of it stress lately at that radio station.
A little bit better this morning.
But I've had like some back, which I never have back problems.
It's one thing even with my fat and all of that.
A little bit of back discomfort.
Because I'm not sleeping on my great mattress from dial amatrus that I have in the house.
If you want to surd a celia, a simmins of king coil, the best mattresses in the world are an unbeatable everyday low price.
These are the people you want to be calm.
Just make sense.
And I got news for a lot of people underestimate the importance of the mattress you sleep your ass on.
Because believe me, it's got a lot to do with your back and your health all the way around.
So if you ever call the dial amatrus at 1-800 mattress, that's all you'll have to do.
You'll talk for a few minutes so if you're bed and concerned, they'll hook you up with exactly the mattress you're looking for.
Or no bait and swish and of liver right to your door when you want.
Seven days a week, any two hour window that you pick out when it's convenient for you, when you're going to be home, not when they feel like showing up.
Between like 11 and 1 or noon and 2 or 1 and 3 and 2 and 4 and 3 and 5 and 4 and 6 etc and so on.
And they also give you that 30 day home comfort trial.
Let's you sleep on it to check out if this is the one that's good for you and you wake it up every day feeling refreshed and lovely.
Pick up the phone and call them right now. They'll be there in no time at all.
Call 1-800 mattress. Do your back and yourself a big favor.
1-800 MATTRES or check them on that wicked world.
Crack the new.
Including your weird and hotel accommodate you.
That's from 11 to 1 at VJ's in Pembera Pines.
Hey, Nio.
Fuck you.
Hey, children. Welcome to Yasu's terrorous kindergarten. You know what time it is?
It's in the comic art season.
That's right. And what do we want to be?
We want to be partners.
And how do we do this?
We want to be partners in kill Israelis.
In who are our heroes?
We want to be blooded.
We want to be a part of it all.
We don't think we're in.
And now when we fund our activities with money from someone who's saying,
Saudi Arabia, use that amount of black bread and that amount of money.
Children, do we want peace with Israelis?
No, we want to kill them and drive them into the sea.
Very good children. Now step on your bones.
It's time to make bones and balance time.
Money's no too big money.
It's in to find the time.
It's in to find the time.
Money's no more than mine.
It's in to find the time.
Money's no more than mine.
It's in to find the time.
Money's no more than mine.
Money's no more than mine.
Money's no more than mine.
Money's no more than mine.
Money's no more than mine.
I'm 33 and 560.
Hey, they got out of that damn church already.
Let's hear that, huh?
Only took about 700 negotiations.
They finally got all the getchkeys out of the church of the Nativity,
the birthplace of Christ.
Anyway, city police investigating rape allegation by ex-Nun in Baltimore.
Baltimore police have opened an investigation into a 13-year-old allegation
by a former nun who said she was raped by a priest in a rectumry
of a Park Heights parish.
Sister Rita Monahan, who made a complaints public
at a news conference yesterday, said she went to church officials,
including Cardinal William H. Keeler.
I remember Willie Keeler?
No.
One of my favorites.
In early 1990s, seeking assurances that the priest of Reverend Thomas R. Schwind,
no relation to Joe Schwind, would be sent away psychiatric center
that treats sexual disorders.
Instead, she said the priest was transferred from St. Ambrose to another parish,
what a concept.
And she was invited to confess her sins and was offered a $5,000 settlement
on the condition she not pressed charges and not speak about the incident.
I think they called that hush money last time I checked.
The main trail by Cardinal Keeler was if not as devastating as the actual sexual assault,
even maybe more so because I trusted the church at Monahan 53,
who left a religious order in 1984 in a studying theology
at Catholic Theological Union in Chicago.
The allegation which was aired in one of 25 news conferences across the US and Canada,
organized by the survivors network for those abused by priests,
is the first to involve the Baltimore Archdiocese in the pre-sex abuse camp.
And on it goes.
By the way, let's promote that show that I was also asking about
and I found this in the aheraldoday.
Glenn Garvin, do we know who Glenn Garvin is?
Nope.
Nope. I'm going to thought that our close personal friend Bill Watts' name, Kevin Vaxter.
Bill Bixby, I would have thought that he would have written this on the people page,
but it was Glenn Garvin who must be like some new goofball.
He writes, War of the Talking Heads.
If you thought conservative chatterers Matt Drudge and Bill O'Reilly were tough on Bill Clinton,
man, listen to what they're saying about each other.
All week Drudge has been saying on his website that O'Reilly is engaging in Tocola,
driving big market radio stations with payments of hundreds of thousands of dollars
to carry his new show on Wednesday, Riley fired back big time.
There is no other cure than to kill Matt Drudge,
who has been on the show.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
He's been on the show for a while.
Hey moms and dads, won't your kid be Mr. Osborne's neighbor?
Hello boys and girls.
Okay, am I going to get comfortable and put on the sneakers, and hang Out.
Oh. That's not a...
I come to. We're all there.
Every afternoon, Mr. Osborne teaches your youngsters exciting new words.
I'll do it with barefoot.
Okay.
Today's word is...
Okay, it's one syllable, see?
My children use it all the time.
Say it with me.
Here we go.
Good.
Your kids will be going off the rails on a learning train.
Every time they watch Mr. Osborne's neighborhood.
Okay, we're going to visit the land of Lake Balee.
Let's fight it, anything can happen.
Hello, Martin, invite the head off of Mr. Me, Bailey.
Mr. Osborne's neighborhood.
If you were living here, you'd say...
I know it's a f***ing neighborhood!
Well, you talk about a turnaround.
Here's the guy that came from being like in most circles,
considered a scumbag in low life and responsible for her every aberrant things
that kids do like crappin' in their pants.
And now all of a sudden, even the El Presidente, he's a hero with everybody, right?
That's here for Ozzy, baby.
I'm sure George watches that show religiously.
Absolutely.
944 at 560 WQAIM.
So here's a letter, a fax rather.
A letter that was faxed from Sean and Hollywood who says,
Tuesday night, I tuned in these 700 Club for a few chuckles.
They were doing a sad story about a poor unemployed single mother who said she was down and out.
She was living out her son's leftover. She was in such bad shape.
But then she saw a show on the 700 Club and tithing.
Yes, she saw the thing about tithing.
She sent $200 to Crazy Pat and all her prayers were answered.
Ooooooh!
These conscious challenge scumbags won't rest to life,
taken every cent from even the poor.
Absolutely correct sir.
They should take Pat Jerry Falwell and all the child molesting priest and streffed him into the electric pew
and used the power from CBN's transmitted a fryumall.
PS, remember Jerry Falwell, reeling against the atheist, Christ hater's gays and lesbians, etc.
I cower under my bed every night fearing an attack from all the atheist gays, lesbians and Jewish terrorist groups.
Have you noticed the only American terrorist are fundamentalist Christians?
Aka forbiscina goyam.
Very good Sean and speaking of Pat Robertson.
Sean's psychic powers must be kicking in because here's this story on CNN.com today.
Religious broadcaster Pat Robertson will sell his sizable horse racing interest
because some of his followers objected to his involvement in a sport driven by gambling.
Robertson was involved in the thrirburd racing, was first detailed by the New York Times and we had that on what about a week or two ago?
Yes.
Said in letter that he will sell his interest in the sport by November when a nearly two-week sale of breeding stock is held at Keenland in Lexington, Kentucky.
I'm sorry that my fondness for the performance of equine athletes has caused you an offense, he wrote in a reply said this week to followers who had written to say they disapproved of his involvement in horse racing.
In the letter Robertson wrote that the competition among horses has been part of every society that starts out like Billy Bibbit there for a second.
Wow and get tongue-tied thinking about Pat at the track.
He said that competition among horses has been part of every society that owned them and that is a child who used to race his horses against others over the country roads or rolling pastures.
I'll can't just see those pictures now in your head.
Very frankly none of this brought any sense of embarrassment to me because I felt it and I feel now there's nothing wrong with contest of skill either between human athletes or equine athletes he wrote.
However he concluded for your sake and the sake of others like you, he'll dispose of all his horse racing interests, post haste or just in time for post time.
Robertson declined an interview with the associated press.
Even he's like mum which is very unusual for him because he usually like can't shut his mouth without drooling idiot look on his push.
He wants to be a bovret pro, so he'll do whatever he has to do said angel wants.
That's with two L's by the way. Angel wants spokesman for the Christian Broadcasting Network in Virginia Beach Virginia.
She said yesterday the holdings were Roberts personal investments and not affiliated with the network he founded.
The value of the holdings was not immediately available but included two year old cold purchase last year for 520,000 bucks the time said.
The horse was named Mr. Pat after Robertson.
Not that he's got an ego or anything like that you understand because religious people are not supposed to have big egos.
Just like talk show host that's my motto when you come in to do your show check your ego at the door.
I was speaking of cash.
Boston Hero reports today Archdiocese of Boston officials are sick because these are the people claiming they got poor mouth and they can't come up with the money to pay off all these claims.
Archdiocese of Boston officials are sitting on 31 million dollars in unfettered assets at their TV station.
A pot of gold they've got their eye and as they scramble for funds to pay sexual abuse victims claims official confirmed.
The Boston Catholic television nest egg is from investments made through viewer donations to the 24 hour cable station that broadcast masses and rosaries, papal addresses, religious movies, talk shows and Davy and Goliath Cartoon reruns.
Alright, let's see that.
David Smith, chancellor of the Archdiocese, said it would be irresponsible to not explore all funding options and let the Bernard Laws promise not to use Sunday collections to pay the multi-million dollar claims to hundreds of victims.
I've asked BC TV director Munsinger Paul B. McEnany what his plans are for the money Smith said.
There's a pot of money out there and not to talk about it would be irresponsible and God forbid if the church would be irresponsible.
You know what I'm saying? They sure wouldn't want to do that.
The BC TV assets have been independent of the Archdiocese until last year when the station was combined with the pilot, the Archdiocese newspaper under the umbrella of Boston Catholic communications Inc.
Tax-free.
Laws the president of BCCI in Maconony his close confidant was installed as director following the death of longtime station director Munsinger Francis McFarland.
McFarland who was called father Frank by his legions of followers built much of the assets BTV has 100% from viewer donations.
The money is given through donations bequest in sales of religious tapes.
Viewers love father Frank and donated him in the station generously over the years said one long time BCC TV employee father Frank would roll over and his grave if he knew that the station would bill up over the years would be used financially to cover the mistakes of the Archdiocese and the pedophile monsters.
According to reports obtained by the Boston Herald BCTV had just on under 31 million dollars in net assets at the end of fiscal year 2000 the latest available of that amount just 28,000 was restricted by donors for a specific purpose.
But the remainder can be used however the board of directors be chosen in other words pay these poor bastards already okay and stop making excuses and stop re-nigging on the deals that you keep making they keep re-nigging can I say that I don't think so.
Still too early in the day to be seen stuff like that.
98 votes on that poll already.
How is the pre-sex abuse scandals affected your attitude toward religion?
66 that's two thirds a little over two thirds of this audience say it's just changing again like I said 99.
67 say it's reinforced my heathen bachelors belief it's all a bunch of six sick crap and you are absolutely correct.
Right on target you got your thumb on it okay but it's a mortal sins will get your thumb off.
Extremely negatively 16 not at all 8 that's only 8% and somewhat negatively another rate another 8%.
So we're talking like 92% have one eyebrow up in the air and they're wondering what to do with the other one at this point because they're so pissed off and fired up.
Nicholas Christoff writes in the New York Times today and I think whoever faxed this to me because I missed it.
To understand why America's war on terrorism is beginning to sputter infiltrate the Bush administration's bat cave at the intersection of intelligence way and cryptological court no I'm not making this up he says I'll put a navy base here in Washington.
This is the brand new homeland defense center from which America will respond to anthrax smallpox nuclear attack multiple hijackings and other shoes still to drop.
Tom Ridge his chest puffed out with pride showed off the command center on Wednesday to a group of reporters you had a feel sorry for him for it was a color coded moment.
Standing in front of 450 inch plasma television screens Mr. Ridge hailed these super classified capabilities of the SCIF sensitive compartmented information facility.
Unfortunately while the TV system allows simultaneous video conferencing with the one house situation room in the CIA the huge plasma screens were devoted to television broadcast one of them was showing divorce court.
The command center is symptomatic of something broader after an excellent start the war on terrorism is floundering.
It's not just that Osama Yamama bin Laden the anthrax killers remain in large rather it's that despite the buzz of activity such as doffing our shoes and airports we as a nation can't seem to get ahead of the curve and avoiding the next catastrophe by taking steps such as controlling loose nooks learning how to decant decant dominate after anthrax attacks examining checked baggage checking shipping containers and reducing the risk from states like Iraq or North Korea.
Perhaps the loss of momentum is inevitable with the passage of time and it's true that we're registering progress in all these areas just not fast enough.
The upshot is that we lose our fingernail clippers when we board planes but somebody could still detonate a dirty bomb in New York City and devastate the nation's economy or send out 100 anthrax letters around the country and close down the nation's postal system.
American seem fueled by the comm since 911. Oh, that's the sorry bad facts by the way very weak American seem lulled by the comm since 911 by the new security measures in place but remember that alkytotypically spaces it's attacks a year or more apart.
And as for the effectiveness of a new security measure all these measures I was sobered by my last major trip my host hotel in Sudan gave me a farewell gift of a pocket knife and since I had only carry on bags I assumed some were find it and confiscated.
I stole the knife with some care and although I went through several international airports and my carry on bag was x rate each time nobody found the knife nobody found the knife.
The Afghan campaign was truly a triumph and Mr. Bush has passed other recent presidents and gathering smart and experienced advisances in security matters but he refuses to send a small number of troops for security force to sustain peace in Afghanistan and thus the entire investment of lives and efforts could be lost.
Is there any explanation other than inertia to account for the United States maintaining 47,000 troops in Japan despite the lack of any threat there except perhaps from extraterrestrials yet refusing to provide a few thousand troops to keep the swamp drained in Afghanistan.
Then there's a rack the president's faded to engage the herb is ready conflict earlier has made it much less likely that it can outsort him who's saying anytime soon.
On the domestic front let's start by giving Mr. Rage a real job let's pull out his gag and allow him to speak to Congress the White House is only belatedly realizing that the Homeland Defense structure needs to be revised to give him the cloud of the average Washington Major D.
Mr. Ridge was so thrilled showing off his new command center which a bureaucratic flow chart helpfully explained can facilitate meetings among NSC LNO the DOJ USVF the DOTFRA that it felt sure list a question him.
He insisted he was getting cooperation for other agencies to staff the death smart with names like CIA and DIA would have been more plausible if the staplers and scissors on those empty decks have been taken out of their packing.
He kept repeating how he would be able to monitor this and monitor that great but I wish that instead of monitoring the next crisis we were doing more to prevent it from happening we asked Mr. Rage if he was frustrated with his position I'm not authorized to be frustrated he said game Lee no but we are says Nicholas Christoff in the York Times today nice for the facts.
We copy but nevertheless it's the best we can do.
Students protest blackface incident Syracuse New York about 65 Syracuse University students stage assignment sit-in for the schools administration building for three and a half hours in a protest over a fraternity member appearing in blackface at a campus bar.
How do you like that? That's enough to make me crack out Willie T. ribs you don't put a better not do that. You think why not? I just played yesterday I'll play something maybe tar baby.
Students who met Wednesday with Chancellor Kenneth Shaw presented listed 12 demands including the suspension of Sigma Alpha Epsilon and its members from campus and immediate expulsion of the student who appeared in blackface.
Now what does that mean he's going to be expelled from here in blackface it was good enough for Al Jolson why isn't it good enough for this kid.
Shaw said the university would decide on the student status today and on the fraternity status by Sunday the same days its commencement the university did not release students identity.
University spokesman Kevin Moro said the fraternity member and representatives of the fraternity met Wednesday with Syracuse's judicial affairs office clearly the young man could have shown better judgment as choice of costume and could have shown more sensitivity Moro said.
A member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon reportedly went to Darwin's bar Tuesday night with black makeup on his face arms and neck.
He was with other fraternity brothers dressed in different costumes who were bar hopping in the campus business district and he was supposed to be Tiger Woods.
Well what's wrong with that.
Do you have any problem with that with blackface and all of those past no right.
956 at 560 WQM you know how he's gotten real quiet now all of a sudden since he and Greg bonded yesterday and put on a big.
Fony dog and pony show I bet you they were like fist and in wrist and they're in the wrist this is where fine and all kinds of directions yeah who you guys can.
They hate each other but anyway.
Well least Greg hates you we don't want to say that you hate him because that would get you right back where you started again we don't want to do that.
I have to go through all that angst of the last two weeks all this baby crap at WQM I love everybody.
I don't want to tell you that summertime is already here even in May but the fact of the matter is it is hot as Hades out there man it's brutal.
Oliomid is one product you can take to help you feel your best and keep you in good health even in South Florida's humidity and heat and sweltering awful crap.
Oliomid is a soft gel capsule that contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and herbal to promote health for your prostate for your heart your blood pressure and cholesterol.
Oliomid has got supplements to promote healthy or circulatory system you digestive and endocrine system your skin and bones even your mind all using the benefits of the best olive oil on the face of this globe.
Don't forget like I keep telling you Oliomid has got products for men and for you ladies out there they've got a whole line of products as well.
Oliomid is available all over town it's becoming more popular by the second that's what George tells me you can pick them up at Walgreens whole food markets,
the Royal Pharmacy in St. Anos if you want to get more info on these products how they work and what they be doing just call them toll free and ask your questions ask away call 1-866 Oliomid that's 1-866-OL-E-O-M-E-D or you can order their products right off their website which is
in the spring of 92 like the spring before you have nothing to do you heard a rumor lost angel to spell and lost a time I remember also well
the night that where was the ground all the phones were ringing the night that where was the ground all the people were singing
night night is so confused made it someday that helped it all the news
the night that where was the ground all the phones were ringing the night that where was the ground
it's water singing George you'll oversoo but maybe for now that's the day to part 2
Is he dumb or what huh he's a beauty 10 years ago then vice president Dan Quayle ignited a firestorm of controversy when he criticized Murphy Brown the powerful intelligent character in any
eponymous sitcom for having a child out of wedlock and without any father in the picture whatsoever out of office since president bush the first one administration made way for Clinton in January of 93
Quayle spoke to CNN's Wolf Blitzkrieg yesterday about his decade old comments and his continuing efforts to promote family values
Wait till you hear these comments Dan Quayle we've made a lot of progress on the issue I tried to address in the speech and the issue was not single motherhood the issue was absence of fathers
as you be called in that famous sound bite that's run over and over again I talk about mocking the importance of fathers and that's what I really didn't like about the show there was no father
for your father for your father the message is that fathers do not be a be involved fathers can just be irresponsible fathers can go ahead and have children but they don't have to raise the children
now look it back 10 years later we've had a lot of fatherhood initiatives that are sprung up I think one the National Fatherhood Institute both George W Bush and Al Gore spoke to it
in the last few years the million man March you had here in Washington DC even though I find Lewis Farrakon to be a dangerous and violent individual in his rhetoric
what they were talking about in that March was values for the man making them better husbands better fathers better community leaders more involved in the neighborhood
these are the types of things we ought to talk about I didn't know Murphy Brown was black did you? No no I'm gonna check
Wolf Blitzzer asked if you could redo that those sentences you said 10 years ago would you rephrase them
Quail says I don't think I'd rephrase it you've got to realize that the speech was about a 35 to 40 minute speech the subject was the poverty of values the breakdown in the family
if in fact you don't finish high school you get married before 20 you have children before 20 you have an 80% chance of living in poverty
says Danny boy I was trying to put out as a challenge to families into all people if you stay in school get married
when until you're after 20 to start having children you have less than a 5% chance of living in poverty
now the sound bite was an 8 second deal in a 40 minute speech what I find interesting and I'm gonna address this at the National Press Club with the way the print media treated it versus the electronic media
the print media the Washington Post it was the lead story the New York Times it was above the full but Murphy Brown was in paragraph 10
it was the electronic media that had this meltdown perhaps they felt I was attacking one of their own or whatever the cause may be
but in any event it became a firestorm Blitzzer asks do you have any problems with the current sitcom Friends
the real the character Rachel is about to have a baby she's unmarried there is a father though in that program Danny Quail says we have one half the battle
the fact is if TV is going to portray someone having a child out of wedlock at least they're going to have the father involved and that's a very important stuff
I just assume they do not do this but the fact that the father is there is very responsible and a very positive message
but let me say this you take that character and friends Jennifer Aniston in her life she's very happily married to Brad Pitt
the same thing with Candace Virgen for that matter at that time 10 years ago she was very happily married to her husband and had a long time wonderful family
some of these folks portray things on television that tend to track traditional values but they practice traditional values in their own personal lives
maybe the motto is do as I do not as I act because they have an entirely different lifestyle at home than what they portray on TV
hey Danny boy they're just TV shows okay asshole like I keep trying to tell people about this it's just a radio show
it was just a television show sweetheart next thing you know he'll wonder how come a George Reeves kept jumping out of the off-top buildings you know
because he never did it at home what a schmuck what a puss how is it that we've come and going I want to really started when with Eisenhower
oh we're no limit like that he had a lot of interest he had a lot of this was a man who was so inarticulous to be embarrassing but everybody loved to pat him on his vault spot
because he was a war hero and America loves our war heroes we loved patten and general MacArthur even with his flumsy exit by demand
but the fact is America loves their war hero so that's why he became president Adelaide Steven Cullen even bigger balls but he didn't have a try to make a chance
plus he was divorced we're not gonna let no guy that's divorced Catholics had nervous breakdown with it started with Eisenhower
in fact you know something I think I've even started before that started with Truman not that Truman wasn't a good president mind
you of course he didn't do those jobs but nevertheless they had a good we don't demand articulate leaders we got like more and more like a bunch of bumbling idiots
and as you go through time now from Truman right till the present time take a look at some of these people we've had and some of the people that have put themselves up running for public orifice
like Jew Lieberman for example who the hell is he kidding who is the whineiest of them all boys and girls
then they used to sing that on the Mickey Mouse Club who's the whineiest of them all J.E.W. and Jew Lieberman
in fact that would be an excellent that would be a great pull to take say that who's got a better chance of winning even a fixed election
Jan Arena or Jew Lieberman I think neither of you above I think it would be a dead heat for last if there's a way to do that
we like having a dead heat for last and a tours race
speaking of family values our Kelly deny sex allegations and what I don't understand and I don't really like his music it's not my kind of music
but and I'm sure and sure not sticking up with him if he had sex with a 14 year old girl and taped down a video but
how come to Michael Jackson thing I mean granted he's a persona non-grat and many places now but nevertheless like what NBC had the thing last Sunday that I was screaming and carrying on about
and had no response on how come he's anybody would even buy his record how come NBC had to show that type of Michael Jackson with all the other stuff NBC's had on less 75 years
what possessed him to put his ugly ass on the air there's a committee child molesting ass like the Illuminati they make these decisions like we're supposed to accept them
well I don't accept it neither do I I'm nauseated by Michael Jackson it makes my skin crawl he's a freaking piece of crap
yeah so people I guess are still supposed to buy his albums which are they're not exactly doing in droves but nevertheless he still isn't he still isn't reviled publicly I guess because we're not supposed to talk about it in public you know the fact that he I see a great parallel there
between that and the sex abuse scandal with a church right the only difference being that at least his payoffs were big fat juicy checks not just like $5,000 to that sister in Baltimore River to Hilla was R&B superstar
R Kelly who's been accused of having sex with an underage girl on video tapes that have circulated across the country you see them yet no well get with it I feel out of touch I think this is going to be bigger than Brad Pitt and Rob Lowe
in fact I would imagine probably is bigger than Brad Pitt I don't know about Rob Lowe did we actually see his penis in that video yes we did and it was enormous
Rob Lowe Rob Lowe who to think it had an enormous penis like a baby's arm holding an apple I'll be damned like two cores beer cans tied together wow
anyway R&B superstar our Kelly's been accused of having sex with an underage girl on video tapes that have circulated across the country but George hasn't seen yet he wants to see him badly
denied the allegations and a TV interview to this Wednesday and of course we've seen them all on CNN all over the place I've done a lot of things wrong in my life but I'm not a criminal I'm not a monster
they 33 year old said during a taped interview on BET tonight with Ed Gordon that's a black entertainment network by the way we don't have a white entertainment television but we do have black entertainment television for some strange reason
the Grammy winning singer whose full name is Robert Kelly is known for inspirational hits such as I believe I can fly but also raunchy ones like feeling on your booty now what's wrong with feeling on your booty
is that raunchy or what no I see this this country man they got to put that in here because it's CNN it's raunchy because it says booty in it I don't get it
yeah well what do they think of that what do they think of poor uh aphoroshine man that wouldn't like that crazy rap he has kept a low profile we're talking about our Kelly not not aphoroman since he was accused of having sex with a 14 year old girl and taping it on video
video tapes purportedly showing Kelly having sex with a girl along with other women have been sold on city streets across the nation also on the internet the person on tapes bears a striking resemblance to the singer it's either him or Anna Kornakova
people in Chicago where Kelly lives are they're investigating the allegations police did I say people well paper police are people police that song in addition Kelly's also settled to lawsuits brought by women who accused them of having sex with them when they were minors documents
also shown that Kelly was murdered late singer Alia his former protg when she was just 15 the marriage was later renault how come it was good enough for Jerry Lewis but not good enough for our Kelly not that I'm standing up for him but how come that was okay
I think it was a different time I see but what do you mean by that I don't know that was like a lot of 40 years ago well we're the laws different in other words you're saying we're not making progress we're going backward and don't we make allowances for Southern trash isn't that nice starting with Bonnie Lee again expected I see okay yeah it's expected why not a third loss who was filed recently by a Chicago woman accused of Kelly of impregnating her when she was a teenager and forced her to have an abortion
hey listen if it was good enough for the president why is it not good enough for our Kelly Kelly the matter father the a married father of two young children told Gordon he settled the first two lawsuits and advice of lawyers it told him wasn't worth his time to fight them while the acknowledges knowing the two women he said he had no personal or professional relationships with them he said the allegations and third lawsuit were false and he said he was not the person featured on the video
while he had not seen the tapes he said I can say in all confidence it's not me because I didn't be doing it I want America to know you can't believe everything you hear in nowadays you can't believe everything you see he be saying however the singer alluded to other problems in his life and said he's working with a pastor to help make himself a better person how do you like that the pastor Gordon also asked Kelly about his marriage to Alia the pair initially denied it but later refused to discuss it initially they denied it later refused to discuss it Kelly also talked we declined to talk about it in the interview it has nothing to do with the
family and I don't think it's fair to say anything about Alia in other words he ain't talking about it I wonder what Dan quail would think of that I'm probably not too happy about all of those developments well they're a million man marched and get the message across to our Kelly and I still say Michael Jackson much bigger scumbag than our Kelly will ever dream of being I could be wrong about that and both of them not even close to father Shanley
at least he never abused the chip our Kelly 10 13 at 5 60 and the thing about the chip memory he bubbles I read about two old that's right yeah got to all not cute no more so bring me in like a little baby chip
Hey Tom Lehman doesn't care what's going on all that's because he's too busy selling cars over leave a hell of Pontiac GMC and he loves the people listen to the show because he loves this show to make
a long story short that's why he created the near Rogers deal at hell at Pontiac which is going on right now as I speak save even extra more than usual and all Pontiacs and GMC's in stock just be sure and tell Tom and the people down there that you heard about this on the near
Rogers show stop by hell at Pontiac GMC 134 once I think see highway on US one right across from the most prestigious falls where every vehicle is marked with lowest price every day but now you can save even more with the near
Rogers deal going on check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy voted by motor trend as SUV of the year plus be sure and check out the all new vibe SUV it's got the power of a sports car at a
fact of the price and of course when you go down here can mention you heard about on the near Rogers show or my greenery show you don't care either one he likes us both
how it's also got a great selection of pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs and if you've been turned out for credit at some other bum four car dealer don't worry because
it had a lot of money I'll get you to deal somehow even if that they get the money from George get yourself a near Rogers deal at
a lot of money at GMC 134 once I think see highway on US one right across from the falls open every day of your life seven days a week for more info call 305 to 3 8 40 40 that's 305 to 3 8 40 40 and
how did you see where they always say and we have no idea why we
spectacular we're number one this is 4205 60 you way
it's Friday you best it's the most talked about video the year Rob Low direct stars and performs in low
the critics are raving Jesus will says it blows Roger Ibert says it sucks Mary heart says it was hard to swallow when
Polanski says what's the big deal mine was 13 you after says this one's loaded with entertainment gene
shallots says this one fires no blank no Rob low filmed in sensual round and spread a vision
below Rob low is coming in your living room with a spasmodic release of his directorial debut below
below written PG 13 it's mid-16 18 boys so Rob Low's got a humongous penis huh yes
hello we've been to not I wasn't saying on it okay I was just thinking leave it to you now here's
this it was there we got a profile he was like right up in front of the camera with it yeah and
there was this juggy and it was probably a stunt penis anyway I'm not doing any more plugs for the new
Craig worthy she already did that okay and the fact that he put out night on it with him shows
that Craig is totally lost his mind and is never going to learn his lesson but anyway good luck you
great you'll need where did you get that from it was just facts to me along with this other stuff
that's being facts from Norma Kent not for you we see I get factors from other people I'm not
bragging about that because believe me it's getting really ponderous okay especially this crap I'm
gonna read this just to show you the kind of crap I have to contain with when you're dealing with your agents
an overgrown baby who still want to think that he's in his childhood and still auditioning to play for the Dodgers
you know which I'm sure he'll be out there to see those ball games this weekend grow up already Norma will you get a life
and I don't want to hear any more about Al night ran this other people and I'm just biting my tongue anyway
he writes in the a bag in the express news bag paper and of course we don't say that word on his show so you
better get with it says soft floor to team it's got the name of the team which we don't put on the show
because it's a joke it's a you know what this reminds me it's like the Catholic Church how many times can you get
stung how many times can you get stabbed in the back before you finally say that's not for me on obviously the answer is in the
case of the baseball team not too many because nobody's showing up and there's no reason for belly aching about it there's no
interest why don't you assholes get the message there is no freaking interest okay it started in 1997 after they won a world
series and before the goddamn celebration was over there was baldy on camera saying well you know unless they build us a new
stadium we can't afford this and we can't afford it and of course that was the beginning of the end of that very
short-lived romance between the community and its baseball team which of course even in the playoffs that
year they have games that they didn't sell out there's no interest it's a it's a hot ass deep South town okay
Tampa will be the same thing Tampa they couldn't even agree on a goddamn name of the team there's such a bunch of y'all who's over there they had a
nervous breakdown because it was a devil raise and all the born again the lunatics over there we're shaking their
spears about that so they had to start calm the race instead of the devil raise just to appease the lunatics over there
hey I hate to break the news to you but baseball is boring boring with a capital B V O R I N G I don't care which team is
in first place I would give a crap how many games in a row they want it is ponderous man it is boring it's like listening to paint dry
it's like listening to what's his name do the games on our station what else is name again with a bad air piece they van
horny god they've been boring just I mean and you know the sad part of it is I heard because I you know I got the
a feed up here and I was doing some work they were playing that was that last the Thursday when they had the day
game and I came here and I opened a pot for a little bit to see what the score was and there was a great defensive play
that they made and he actually made a great call it was very exciting and he was very animated and I thought if you
would if you would do the game like that all the time especially when there was something really exciting going on you'd be good the guys got
the ability to be good but he's just like I don't know maybe spend too much time in Montreal maybe ate too much smoked meat
over there I don't know what is problem was they've been boring but I think he fits right in because it's a boring sport I
mean I used to like it as a kid I loved it I went to a Brazilian games I've been to stadiums all over the country but the fact of the
matter is it's evolved into something very ponderous especially when it's so watered down and you got 700 teams like like
speaking a Tampa Bay take a look at the standings as of yesterday morning they were 14 and a half games behind and they've only played like
32 or 33 games they're 14 and a half games behind a red socks it's only like the tenth of May and they're already almost mathematically
eliminated if you catch my drift so what's the point just to make a bunch of people a whole bunch of money that's all it's not
entertaining it's terminal it's ponderous so Norma can't write a soft floated team win between the lines and get sold out in
the front office white white city here this even though you're not interested in this you must listen to this crap I'm listening
yesterday one day after gaining a tie for first place in the Eastern Division of the National League a soft floated team competing for
the Major League Baseball Championship you're fewer from fans to their stadium that college team in Coral Gables what are
freaking disgracey says the difference being of course Norma is that the college team in Coral Gables plays exciting baseball
and people care about that people who live in the Gables because they got nothing else to do anyway except call the cops
because somebody's got a guy named used car in their driveway now wait till you hear this on that same day the
entertaining afternoon talk show host at local sport the entertaining afternoon talk show host at local radio sports
station
oh
listen Hank doesn't need you to suck his ass okay Norma and I'm sure doesn't want any part of that
brought on as a guest the baseball comments for the local mainstream daily newspaper Mike Burrino the Sun
Sentinel the two of them should have spent most of their time discussing the talented squad of athletes who are driving this team to
its first penetrance since 1997 instead the paramount issue was whether or not the best hitter Cliff Floyd would be traded for
rice putting me for the all star break what a freaking disgrace so not not always to give Hank like a backhand
a compliment then he's telling him what he ought to be talking about Norm you're not going back on the air sweet heart
okay oh God and on like I said what a fringe of disgrace here I'm turning up I'm not reading the rest of it
that just why is he wasting my fast paper with his crap stop facts and okay Norm and by the way you're
responsible he's got me worked up into a frenzy your response to Tuesday morning's episode was so a
kept it and so unacceptable to me that there are no words to describe it that was that was one of the
low moments in the history of broadcasting and you're because he was on his way to the ballgame you had to go
see the hot red hot San Diego Padres played the local baseball team I mean let's you know let's get our
priority straight which I actually had to call him he didn't call me I had to call him to a comment about that
in temperate bizarre grotesque happening on his radio station so you keep going to your ball games norm you keep
living like in your childhood God the stuff that I'm saddled with man I thought I'm complaining you
understand it's a beautiful day here in paradise or here's Jeff High's neighbor David again who's ultra chronic
ultra chronic it says why do mad dog and Hank have gift certificates to Christie's and Burton jacks do
have one for me no I don't have one for you or anybody David it says love you always sincerely 80s
former bag boy at public well David good luck to your sweetheart and of course in the 80s it's a long time ago
he's probably old and ugly by now and he factures me this long long thing butch up a little David the know what look at how many pages
13 pages Jesus Christ why are you doing this to me it's big print though no why are you doing this I thought I was going to have another
talk with Greg about you do you think I really care about this cock what percentage of the population is gay I thought it was important
it's not important you're never going to know what the other percentage is all of this pretty interesting how about 13
freaking pages oh God this is freaking pondress I wish I could take you take together the enorm can think again
Hey norm don't send me anymore facts is okay because you get in pondress and nobody cares right about something important
right about something significant okay and quit cry baby about the fact that nobody cares about your God damn ball club
nobody cares it's it's finished it's history boy think of those days I went out there to pp park and sat there sweltering and just waiting for something exciting to happen
which never did listening to a bunch of idiots talking crap who didn't even understand the rules of the game why don't you get the message
okay I've never in my life I've never met such a bunch of hard asses is those so called south Florida baseball fans who just don't understand
that they're a teeny teeny tiny little minority and the rest of the people don't give a crap even those of us who used to care
we don't care anymore you can only slap people in the face so many times even if you have like marginal intelligence and IQ bigger than your thumb
and then finally you say I'll find better things to watch you to do and live my life okay God look at Harry Carey even he checked out he couldn't handle it anymore
did we ever find out what happened to Steve Stone no see why did you let me know what happened to Steve Stone okay one of our people norm
like it'd be still alive and what's going on with him something important instead of facts me all this crap about sucking up the very entertaining Hank Goldberg
Hank don't need you sucking his butt okay and then turn around and slap him in the face about what he ought to be talking about
I'm getting the headache just thinking about this man
hey mother's days this Sunday give her the gift of comfort by treating me or your mom or wife or both to a comfort of the pair of shoes at new balance
all three new balance stores in Miami have insurance book of got a fantastic unbeatable selection on athletic footwear and a peril for the whole family
summers coming to so you and the kids will need comfortable shoes but mom needs good shoes too so the only place to go drag over to new balance
new balance stores carry hard to fit sizes as well so if you got a very narrow footer or wide one new balance will hook you up with some great comfortable shoes
new balance footwear is always recommended by podiatrist too and they're known for cushion comfort and durability like a walking shoes that I'm wearing are you wearing your new balance shoes by the way
no I'm wearing boots unfortunately water schmuck it's but I'm wearing mine box I'm not wearing any I got no socks on either I mean my shorts no shirt
the staff at new balance knows athletic footwear like nobody else and they still measure it the old fashioned way even Rob Lowe would be impressed they measure the width and the length just to make sure you get a perfect fit of your foot every time
new balance stores and three locations of course when you got a size 14 foot you can only begin to imagine you know
three locations for you new balance stores Miami's pine crest around the second floor of the adventura mall that's an adventura
and the town center and poker check about it new balance mommy dot com don't forget this on these mothers day so this weekend drag mommy to new balance for a great new pair of comfort
32
we
we
on sports radio 560
u.a. m.
lick it and stick it
and
another broad
a
beautiful
and
they all agree that
he is so mean
they all regret it
they won't forget it
they're dating
Tyson
and
they're dating Tyson
and
they're
two
three
four
three
five
four
five
four
four
four
four
five
five
five
five
five
five
john
You're too broke, they ain't made so up here
They're all above him, they're dating Tyson
10.30, 3.50, up to the facts machine just pouring crap out under the operative word being
crap today.
Pete Mascielody, a chronic borderline, pay Pete, get a life for your place, get a life
sweetheart, go away.
Now this 80 million pages that you facts me, I told you this was a good idea, you wanted
to know why because it inspired me to change the poll and get it over with.
I mean we've done this before but it's a long time ago we did this.
You see when you're doing these polls every goddamn day on a show as George well knows,
you really have to rack your brain every now and then to come up with an idea of a new
poll, something new and interesting, right?
Are you kidding?
Yes, George only has to do it like once in a blue moon and he still can't ever do it,
but anyway.
And then the 13 pages, you see, the only studies that are done, it's meaningless because
people lie, don't you understand?
People are not going to give you an honest answer and this even goes on by country and all
this other horse crab, bull crab.
Denmark, 3.8% of males are homosexual, right?
Well I guess there must be a lot of horny guys in Denmark.
USA, you see this is just ridiculous.
Anyway, so let's change the poll because this one we've already got the outcome on this
one, it's not even close.
The poll question we were asking this morning, how is the priest's sex abuse scandal affected
your attitudes toward religion?
Needless to say, in this crowd especially, 65% say reinforced my heath and bastard belief
it's all a bunch of sick crap, 115 out of 177.
65% 13% say extremely negatively, it's impacted their views about religion, that's 23 people,
only 20, 11% say not at all and 18 say somewhat negatively, so 89 to 11% say, thank you religion
and shove it, release they're getting really sick of the crab, enough of the sucking, which
I think fits right here, don't you think, enough of the sucking.
So speaking of that, we're going to change into a poll that we haven't done in a very
long time because this thing on here is and our polls are totally anonymous, not that
the people are going to answer honestly anyway, which as Eric you think listening or is
he busy involved in lunch and just all this at least brunch time, riveted, right?
He's what?
Listening, he always listens, when he can't.
How do you know that?
Oh, you're always, you're so full of crap, boy, you're always telling me he's too busy
with those other 700 websites, he don't have time for this, he's busy, busy, busy, he's
like Ron Popeoli's busy, busy, busy, while let me tell you right now, Mr. Houchat, put
down at God them eggplant parmesan, oh that's an improvement, I'd like some eggplant parmesan
now that I mentioned that.
Yeah, eggplant.
You don't like eggplant?
No, slimy.
I thought it was like a stick food, don't stick to eat a lot of eggplant?
No.
No.
But that's right, Italians, melonsana, Italians love eggplant.
Well, let's face it, whose food is better, huh?
The Italians are the specs, you would have a contest, no way.
Who wouldn't know?
You wouldn't know.
No, you wouldn't know because you never been to Spain, like three dog night would say,
you never been to Spain.
I'm not talking about South Florida Cuba food, I'm talking about real specs.
Oh, Spain is bad.
And it's bad, it's bad, it's bad.
And indeed, I wouldn't know.
Spanish food is bad.
In fact, you know where they're really bad.
I mean, really good, but bad Spanish food because their food is bad.
At the Columbia restaurant in Sarasota, 1973, it had a little bit of good sangria though,
man, do I love sangria?
God, you used to drink it by the gallon.
Those were the good days, baby, when I weighed 266, when I walked up there a little bit,
I told you those stories about eating a whole box of hamburger helper and washing it
down with one or two cans of Hawaiian punch with sugar.
You know, you take a pound of ground beef, you cook it up and then you put in your hamburger
helper, you throw in your meatballs, your sausages, and you take your real fruity Hawaiian punch.
God, and pour that into it too.
You know, I think the deal of it is, unless you have a full-length mirror, that's the problem.
That's when you start getting really carried away and like, you're working up when you
don't have to see it.
Anyway, can I get to this poll, please, before you start with all this spick-defensely
crap?
Which are you exclusively heterosexual, exclusively homosexual, bisexual or the
desperate and horny?
See, I like giving at least one of the choice that they don't have to take so serious,
because a lot of people don't want to answer this anyway.
And a lot of fags are going to say, oh, I'm exclusively, I'm a heterosexual.
As a matter of fact, yeah, I wasn't going to even mention this, but since this came up,
I was going to talk all this fag talk that you keep trying to push on this show because
this is not a fag show, but nevertheless, between you and Norma Kent, I don't know which
one is worse.
But yesterday, I'm walking outside and coming into the building, is a young guy and his
girlfriend or wife or whatever?
I think wife, because they both had wedding rings on and this, he was a very good-looking
young guy by like early 20s.
There you go.
I was 20 years old to get the eye only wish in this case.
But he was like, I swear to you, I mean, believe me, he was the light as a feather.
You follow what I'm saying?
Yes.
Pretty.
But like, pretty swishy.
I don't want to say that.
I mean, but he was there with us, huh?
Flaming.
No, I would not.
Flaming would be getting, that's Carlos's flaming.
If you better just stick to what you know about, okay Miguel?
Your gay.
Yeah, that was me.
No, it was not you.
So anyway, there's the pull for it.
You get it, Eric.
It's very simple.
And I know we've done it before, but it's been a long time since we've done this because
this 13 ponderous pages that this chronic David is sending me here is the George, see,
the one thing, now you realize we wasted 26 pages on this now?
Between the 13, eight you got and then you copied them all.
It's 26 pages.
How many trees did they have to cut down for that?
100.
How many God damn are those big redwoods that have to chop down?
How many of those beautiful palm trees that highly have got destroyed by the hurricane?
Remember that?
That must have been something.
The palm trees actually got lifted.
Those big old palm trees have been there for like a thousand years.
God lifted right off the ground.
God, I bet you those, the force of that hurricane might have even lifted Josh Friedman
off the ground and entered to.
But I doubt it.
That's another thing I really miss about being there smelling him.
I mean seeing him every day with that look on his face, you know?
Which are you exclusively heterosexual, exclusively homosexual, bisexual or desperate
and horny?
That's the new pool.
Because this David guy fixes me then George, he sends it along 8,000 pages on the numbers
game.
What percentage of the population is gay?
Nobody knows because as long as we got all these people cowering into closet, as long
as we got the other asshole majority of the populations, try to harass in the
rain and get them sticking their nose and everybody's got the embed room as if it makes
a difference.
As long as that's the case, we're not going to know.
Wouldn't you agree?
You damn well better.
Yes.
It's mystery meat.
1040 at 560 WQM speaking of mystery meat.
Pizza loft is on a menu next boy.
You're going to love going there this weekend with the whole gang.
The only problem being if you try to call for take out or delivery or catering this weekend,
forget about it till Monday.
Because Jeff's phone man went out of business.
Cup put.
Did we hear any more about that?
No, we did not and it would be nice that he would let us, but he can't call.
I'm sure he's got a cell phone.
Yes he does.
And I guess the reason they're not taking orders on the cell phone is Jeff probably
don't want to give his personal cell phone number out on the year.
We're checking to understand because he gets a lot of very important calls.
I don't want to tell you from who on that cell phone.
Maybe from his buddies like Scott, what's his name, the politician?
I don't know.
Yes, you do the one that had to do a had to work there at the pizza loft.
Scott, I was doing the parking.
How was his name?
Scott, Calon very good.
Anyway, you might run into Scott, Calon.
A lot of other very important people out of the dolphins eat the pizza loft.
By the way, you might run into some of them.
Leave them alone, by the way.
OK, don't go run it up to them for an autograph and bugging them.
Let them eat in peace.
While you sit there and feed your mouth with that delicious food from the pizza loft,
three different kinds of pizza, the best garlic rolls in the universe.
They got to goza pizza, the extra spicy kind.
They got all kinds of way to Thailand.
Goodies, big fresh portions, teeny tiny prices.
They got chicken and veal, seafood, calzone, super subs.
Jeff has it all at the world famous pizza loft.
Monday is the lasagna night, Tuesday's egg plant night.
By one of these dinners, these nights get the second one for only five bucks.
Wednesday is kids night, kids eat free with adults.
They can see Jeff's famous magic show.
Thursday's bike night at the law.
Come on, order a cycle by one dinner.
Get the second one for a half price.
Here, I want you to write the number down.
Because like I said, this weekend, their phone is kept put until Monday.
But this is the number to call for take out delivery and catering.
954 916 888.
And don't forget they're going to be expanding very soon, which we can't talk about yet.
But a second grade pizza loft location I do believe is coming to a place nearby you very
soon, a place nearby means a matter of fact.
954 916 888 for the.
This regal's talking about.
Weekends prior to Marlon's baseball on sports radio 560 QAM.
Splash.
Due to recent news of experimental penis transplant taking place in France, there has been a sudden
rash of penis thefts all across America.
Small and doubt bend everywhere are turning to the wrong side of the law in hopes of finding
renegade French doctors to extend their manhoods.
If you're a long-donged man, be careful and take every precaution you can, lock your doors
and your drawers, even padlock your penis to your hip if possible.
You might even want to monogram it just in case.
Any individual caught at French or American customs with a stolen penis will be sent to
a fully gay prison for life.
Once again penis theft is on the rise.
Take necessary precautions or you could be next.
Brad Pitt God.
See I played that at the end instead of the beginning because I had the pot close because
I was busy eating all these very important facts.
That's a good excuse isn't it?
I was distracted.
I'll buy it.
For example this one while video reviews of the day it says R Kelly sex video 3 out of 4
stars.
Saw the R Kelly video all I can say is at least she liked it and if there's any cops
listening I deleted it I didn't know she was only 14.
I thought it was a music video.
Right.
Sure.
By the way where can we get a copy?
George wants to see it.
Absolutely.
She was 18 George.
Okay sure.
Star Wars episode 2 he says 2 out of 4 stars downloaded it yesterday better than episode
1 that's not saying much.
Wouldn't pay 7 bucks for it though can I call George look as a douchebag he says no.
Love your show no name for obvious reasons but you know we find you disgusting and grotesque
and perverted with this facts George wants to copy the video.
Yeah I'm not sure if this new bubble if I want to take it that way like desperate and
horny I think are maybe two separate categories.
What?
Let me do it again.
Do it again.
Which are you exclusive poor Eric sorry Eric but that's okay we are bulking up with
all those calories up there you can handle it.
Just reaching over and tippy typing out at the on a keyboard it'll knock off a couple
of calories and ounce.
Which are you exclusively heterosexual exclusively homosexual bisexual desperate or very
horny no just horny that's what I want to call it just horny just horny desperate bisexual
homosexual homosexual homosexual or exclusively heterosexual got it Eric you think he's got
it I'm sure he's got it well he better have it.
Okay let's get back to the show now that we've been distracted and disruptive here almost
for like a half hour this crap good God the America if we got anybody listen now between
Norma Kent and his god damn baseball obsession I'll tell you what color guy in the morning
or call up one of the other sports nerds okay Norma and talk baseball.
And you know something I think they should have a vote on and get it over with already.
And the reason we haven't had a vote on and so for this far spending tax money for a baseball
stadium you know damn well because if they do have a vote it's going to lose overwhelmingly
it's going to get trashed and thrashed and since we have an election already coming up
this fall go ahead and put it on a ballot and get over with already so we have to stop
being blackmailed and brow beaten with crap that nobody cares about.
Oh won't you please give us the money now and I'll say it again in Pittsburgh and Detroit
in Milwaukee where they build the all kinds of new stadiums very very expensive stadiums
they can't draw flies and their team suck.
So the idea that just because you got a new stadium it's going to bring this influx of
tremendous support and money and you're going to build a great team it's bull crap horse
horse duty.
Luke Heldler the art student suspected of planting pipe bombs and mailboxes in five states
was trying to create a bizarre piece of art that would stretch nearly a thousand miles
across the country officials said yesterday as reported on this program.
Place down a map the town's where he placed the bombs from a former about a half of a
smiley face illustration the eyes are sites in Nebraska and Iowa the left side of the
winning mouth is in Colorado in Texas are you following this are you drawn like a little
a printout I'm drawing a smiley face when it out draw it out the right side is unfinished
leading authorities believe he planned to plant more devices the face wasn't complete
it completes a James Evan pushing counting Nevada sheriff deputy the whole thing was
pretty bizarre pretty bizarre correct to say the best meanwhile Cameron and Pamela held
a met with their 21 year old son of the county jail in Reno for about 30 minutes yesterday
they were separated by glass and spoke by telephone but authority said the meeting was
emotional we're here to see our son and his hour of needs of camera and who helped
the FBI capture him.
Luke Heldler was picked up Tuesday faces charges in several states and if convicted could
be sent to prison for life that's the antico long with that.
You know killing no that's right you want to fries ass.
I can't almost at it 18 counts of attempted murder but I say like you know 10 years that's
playing parole in a couple years.
He's just confused and then just as he thinks he's getting out them will fries ass.
Spokane Washington three small bombs have exploded mailboxes in northern parts of Spokane
County U.S. Postal Service said yesterday no injuries postal inspectors believe the bombs
were pranks said then see we got this goes to show you what we got out there boys and girls
copycat morons.
Some schmuck comes along and commits some ever unacceptable act and terrorizes people
and blows a few body parts off and right away now we got copycat assholes just like we
got a copycat Eddie that calls mad dog every day we got copycat mailboxes assholes.
Dennis Larsen a postal inspector in the Spokane said what they are are bombs created
by placing caustic substances in aluminum foil and other liquids in plastic soft drink
bottles chemical reactions caused the bottle to rupture he said the three bombs reported
so far all been long one male route in northern Spokane County yada yada yada and then yes
pipe bombs found in mailboxes in eastern Indiana do not appear to be connected the ones
planted in five other states over the weekend federal authority said.
The pipe bomb like devices were found in several inboxes in the area of Cambridge city
in Hagerstown Riley said who now where did Riley come from I'm reading a story from CNN
there ain't no right oh I see how do you like this they got his name the paragraph I had
to identify one of them exploded another may have malfunctioned only partially then they did
causing property damage to the FBI special agent Robert Riley very well written by the way you
people at CNN. I thought for a second maybe it was Rick Riley one of the bombs was apparently
ignited but then I'll explode Tuesday in around 10 30 pm or since nearby heard a noise
I'll car leaving the scene about a half hour later a similar device exploded a mailbox
about eight miles away Riley said both incidents were reported law enforcement Wednesday morning
the devices are unlike those located early in the other areas the country these incidents
not appear to be connected the rest of Lucas John Hilder Riley said.
So now we got copycat mailbox bombers because we got a lot of original thinkers out there
in the hinterlands. Speaking of geniuses a former FBI supervisor testified yesterday it took
bribes of wine and cash that retired agent John Jay Connelly delivered to him from top-ranking
mob informers John Morris Connelly's boss when he handled James J. Whitey Bulger and Stephen the
rifleman Fleming took the stand on the second day of Connelly's trial on charges of racketeering
obstructing of justice and conspiracy in the past I've lied to stay out of trouble said Morris
was pleaded guilty to accepting a bribe and was given immunity to testify the only way I can stay
out of trouble since the immunity orders to tell the truth. Morris had Connelly twice gave him cases
of fine wine he indicated were gifts from the gangsters one time he said Connelly told me to be
careful with the case because there was something special in the bottom and envelope with a thousand
dollars in cash. After 1986 meeting Morris had Bulger handed him an envelope with five grand in cash
this is for you his voice choked with emotion Morris said he used the money to buy his daughter a
car well that sure was nice one that fine mighty nice. Morris said the relationship with the mob
informants soured in 1995 after he leaked Bulger's identity as an FBI informant of the media
Bulger called shortly after he told me I'd taken money from him if he went to jail I was going
with him Morris said I was fearful of the repercussions against me professionally that I would lose my
job lose my pension disgrace myself and embarrass the bureau which he did prosecutors charged at
Connelly except to give from Bulger and Fleming in exchange gave them confidential information that
helped them avoid prosecution and led to at least two murders Connelly's defense attorney say he
became the fall guy when the FBI's too cozy relationship with the mob was exposed how do you
like that what do I tell you about the FBI I don't know what did you tell us they couldn't catch a
cold is what I told you you know who I think ought to be directed the FBI who John Walsh amen
chase that building to his name that's right instead of the gay Edgar Hoover Building who was too
busy spying about where everybody else was doing their dinging stuff instead of that kind of crap
let's make it the John Walsh Building and put him in charge that's what I say right now John
Walsh for FBI director FNA and cut the crap cut to the chase
first we don't want to talk about the churches cobbling in those mobsters either because then
we'd be like that would be like climbing on you know although I do have 50,000 more of those stories
for example since you asked I don't I'll say that one now I see a lot of time being in suspense
oh have no fear we got two hours to go we got plenty more for example I'll give you a little taste
16 priest face probe and Detroit the Wayne County prosecutor said yesterday this office was
opening investigations into 16 priest's speculative sexual misconduct the Roman Catholic
Archdiocese of Detroit last week a prosecutor Mike Dawgons office files containing allegations by
50 people against 37 priests Dougan said the statute limitations was expected to be an obstacle
in most of the cases the cases go back as far as 1943 and all but two involved incidents that took
place at least 10 years ago at least 14 Catholic priests and Michigan including five in the
Detroit Archdiocese have been removed suspended or left their duties since January 1 amid sexual
abuse allegations and additionally 37 priest identified Archdiocese files three other priests have
been named by people are directly called a prosecutor's office to make accusations they're just
a little taste for you okay to keep you hanging on the line oh look at this when I was quick
Eric got the new pull-up his poll popped right up as soon as you're the word sex let's see what are
you well I could say just horny but that would be a lie we already got 10 votes on there just
horny exclusively heterosexual to exclusively homosexual to so that's 20 and 20 desperate to
and bisexual none well I'm jealous of those bisexual people you know
that's what I wish I was by just for like long enough to do Brittany hey huh I got dibs what
the hell did I see her on I saw on something last night well I'll tell you the more I see her the
more I think holy crap man but nevertheless I'll leave I'll leave her to Miguel and George they
can they can split her up so to speak so to speak and of course since he's still a virgin make a
yeah right yeah user is a human wishbone I have a wish wish like you taken yeah look at that so we
got 20% of the population is a heterosexual 20% are homosexual and nobody's bisexual let's hear it
I'm very jealous of those bisexual people like I started saying anyway students told not to throw
to her tears although when you have a really small penis you don't want to be you know messing with
she don't have to have a big penis to you know do stuff with guys but when you got to like a teeny
teeny tiny penis you don't want to be like with a woman can you imagine her oh
can you at the very first date the very first time you like try to do something you call that a
penis had a embarrassing and you just kind of like slink away students told not to throw tortillas
Tucson Arizona University of Arizona students would rather toss tortillas than their
mortar boards during graduation of being urged to leave the edible discs at home
University president Peter Likens had asked students not to bring tortillas to fling into the
air it's a Saturday ceremonies this tomorrow because he said it was a waste of food and is
culturally offensive to some people oh my god we got a bunch of touching mexicans again yeah when
you think about it it's an offensive notion that when people are hungry all over the world and not
very far from our own campus the enormous quantities of food are just thrown in a year thrown away
so to speak he said patty odda the school's vice president for executive operations will try to talk
students out of their tortillas at the door using food bank boxes to play on their guilt tortillas
emerged at commencement ceremonies during the late 1990s university officials said former
secretary of state Madeleine Albright was greeted with flying tortillas as she addressed the class
of 1999 later she told graduates of Georgetown about her Arizona experience there the solemn
tradition is to throw tortillas around like frisbee's during the commencement speech it's a little
unusual but it does keep your lurch you said and also probably keeps you fed Madeleine don't look
like she's missing any meals 1056 at 560 wc m and speaking of that what another great
neo-riders segue how about getting your ass over to the original brothers restaurant one of the
soft flotters best kept rallies and secrets what is it it's not just some ordinary deli it's a
fantastic place what they feature real New York deli style food and service at its best the original
brothers restaurant they've been piled up on the delicious corn beef and pistrami and scrumptious
brisket on thousands of sandwiches big fat one since 1976 in fact the over stuff sandwiches are so
big that two hands aren't enough like roblow would say brothers who got the best homemade soup salad
homemade chop liver all your favorites and their hand sliced novia is so good it'll remind you of
the lower east side they've got a full bakery and takeout department and brothers can even cater
your next holiday or family gathering so when you think of deli this is a place you ought to be
checking out think of brothers open every day for breakfast lunch and dinner you can eat in take
out they do catering and corporate functions as well visit your brothers at one at what is it 1325
like I said 1325 south power line rotor call of it 954 96850881 that's 954 96850881 for the original
brothers restaurant and be sure and tell them that the award
fine pens are sold in Miami or Fort Lauderdale
it's Friday you best it
this ain't a song about a happy couple
oh
since we got married my wise way double
that's my cheat she's got a big touch first
I'm so happy that it covers her bush it's my wife I know she's back cause she got more
chance than China does yes she sits on me I won't survive it's my wife what she sits around
though how she will it's a well known how she'll see if she sits on me I won't survive it's my wife
yeah there's a good one for a good old John Van Blomie or whatever it used to call him he's got a wife
and how can you thank me this thing about pizza law phones still working after yesterday the
frantic message about the phone company that he uses went out of business and the phones are
going to be working all weekend make up the mind okay what's the real story the message was they
might not be working and he gave us an update that they still are the message was not that they
might not be working the message was they won't be working till Monday I still have it what does it say
it says they might not be working the phone company is going out of business but he doesn't know
if they'll be working so well that's a good news the pizza law see how this guy manages to squeeze
more free plugs out of this thing and yes he's bringing us food and he's bringing you food
not bringing me because it's not coming all the way up here I guarantee you'd like to come all
the way up here you're into you then I'll stick some through the phone now what's this this is
this is supposed to be an ad what is this in I don't know this is on the radio tv page in some rag
as this in the SunCentral TV book or something it looks like the SunCentral we thank our listeners
for making us number one sports radio 560 WQ sports talk live and locally it says that's outrageous
sports talk sports radio city link oh city link thanks a lot again Greg not any much see it's not
sports radio it's sports radio like for let's see 16 hours today overnight it's not sports after
the dirty boys go on it's titty radio and certainly from 9 to 1 it's not sports talk radio so this
isn't going to do a damn bit of good for anybody on this show or the overnight dirty boy is not a
not a bit of good in the course who had the biggest numbers is always on his radio station then made
it overall number one yeah but don't even get that nice going normal you keep going to your ball
your silly baby crap okay norm you silly person you god anyway see I wasn't such a good mood until
normal can't fix me that asshole stuff about the ball and every day would the same stuff
pop pop pop pop nobody cares bozo he goes to the game Wednesday he calls me to proudly announce
that there's like only 3,000 people there as if I give a crap day past his history of abuse shocks
is out the code of city see I was thinking during the break that if you really could get an honest
survey as if it makes any difference because it's basically nobody's business but just be
curiosity sake if you get on a survey of people's sexuality if you go into like small towns like
into Montana for example into the woods in the North Carolina I think you'd find that you'd find
a hell of a lot more people at least who admit to being homosexual no or bisexual no they're there
and they'll come out to the people that they know are cool but it's very uncool to admit it
generally and openly so then why did you say no I just got through saying you'd find a hell of a
lot fewer people who would admit to being either one of those above I thought you said more
hello you know something I think that it was better when you and Greg hated each other you were
you would do much better up until the day since since he uh flick your dick or whatever the hell
you did with it you just start with a crap yes they know how out of their Greg okay you're not
fooling anybody anyway gay pastor's history of abuse shocks is out the code of city
though it was never meant to be a secret the metropolitan community church of black hills
the south Dakota would serve as a gay and lesbian congregation existed in relative
obscurity in this community of 60,000 that is until last week when news broke that the churches
passed to the Reverend James A. Forsyth was a former Roman Catholic priest a former Roman Catholic
priest who 13 years ago pleaded guilty molesting a 15-year-old boy while an associate pastor
with a parish in Kansas mr. Forsyth passed was disclosed by the Kansas City star which reported
that he had not registered as a sex offender with police here in Rapid City and Mr.
Vinter punchable mob to a year in jail captain Christopher Grant of the Rapid City police said that
mr. Forsyth would not be charged and that the authorities believed his fate had registered since
his move here from Colorado in January 2000 had been an oversight he registered this week
but word that the 47-year-old mr. Forsyth was a convicted child molester and that national
officials of the Protestant denominations as well as uh I can't read this this is one of the
worst facts as members of the local congregation have been aware of his past stunned many people in
Rapid City, South Dakota. The some extent the very presence of a church serving gays and lesbians
was as surprised to this quiet to a to quite a few in this small conservative city and while the
past days have brought no visible sign of intolerance is some worry that the Forsyth episode could
pre-prove a springboard for it. In other words people live in Rapid City, South Dakota number one
to know there was any fags there and certainly didn't know there was like any fag church like the MCC.
How do you like that? So like I just got through saying it's like a deep dark secret.
As opposed to like if you go into a big city because those 80 million pages that you fags me from
chronic Dave who ought to be hanging out at Jeff Heysahaus instead of bugging us. Those four
trillion pages that you fags me it goes through all these kind of alluded different studies and
Kinsey said this and this study says that and then there's another word says oh certainly there's
less than two to three percent of the male population in the US that are gay. Well if you go to New York
that's what it says. If you read to the whole thing if you go to New York I don't think you
go to any five block area in New York City and look around and see 100 people and say that only like
maybe two of them are gay. No. We're like here in Toronto if I walk outside if I walk downtown in
Toronto and I walk down Youngward Church Street if I walk down Church Street I'd have a hell of
time to find anybody heterosexual. How do you like that? Maybe in my dominion supermarket maybe
but other than that forget about it even without gay dar. Just tell you so like in real cities you'll
find like a lot more of everything that's just like if you were going to say like everybody is like
native born American Anglo-Saxon cracker yeah there's certain like little towns like maybe in
ash debula or canondagin New York or Geneva places like that what is about six people
but while you're in areas that are more diverse lifestyles tend to be more perverse as some would say
that's a good way to look around. Speaking of perverse here's a grotesque story which I'm sorry that
I took this long but between you and Norma and that 85,000 page facts in the basement of a Syracuse
home Jonathan Perry was given a choice that he want to be shot in the front of the back of the
head. Perry apparently didn't believe it the 50-60-year-old retired man turned to go back upstairs and
was killed with a single shot in the back of the head. After the killing police say the shooter
Henry L. Holyfield and his girlfriend Martisha Glen went on a shopping spree with his credit card
to buy among other things their wedding rings. Well is it at swarong? On Tuesday afternoon,
Tuesday early afternoon I went to John Perry's house with the intention of killing him.
Holyfield told Syracuse police to take this yesterday. Holyfield 21 and Glen 22 targeted
Perry for murder and robbery because they knew he was generous police said. I figured John had a
lot of money because he was always given in the way Glen told police. Today the couple are
expected to be reigned in city court on 2nd to re-murder in other charges in the April 23rd
slang of Perry to his home at 454 Mountain to Avenue in Syracuse. In Cuse. Holyfield is accused
of killing Perry by shooting once in the back of that with a 38 caliber handgun about 12, 30 pm
April 23rd while Glen waited in the car before coming to help Holyfield loot the house. She waited
until the shooting was done and she came in to do the get the loot and done. First you do the
shooting and then you do the looting. There's a note on here from the person that faxed us to me by
the way it says the girl was my student at business college last semester. Schwarz her couple white
victim. How do you like that? We just mentioned that in passing. See my trouble with Dark Force now
to give a crap who likes it or who doesn't like my sanded is that proportionately since we're talking
about proportions of the population I've said this for years and I'll continue sanded. There are
too many scumbags in the dark part of our population because we're dealing with a different culture
we're dealing with a totally different culture which I guess you're not supposed to say that but I
will again and even though there are you know many black people who are part of the mainstream culture
America there are far too many who are part of a different culture that has no respect for human
life property for all of these things. You follow what I'm saying? Is there any debate about that? No.
Anandaga County Chief Assistant District Attorney Steven Dauri said a grand jury is like to
consider a more serious first degree murder charge opening the door to a possible death penalty
prosecution all right against Holyfield based on his admission that he went to Perry's home
last week and sending to Rob Ann Killham. Holyfield's four-page statement to pull these details how he
killed Perry and how they ransacked his house. Holyfield said he and Glenn brought a
brought a blue laundry basket with him because we were gonna take things from John's house and we
wanted it to look like we were doing laundry and the laundry basket were concealed the stuff.
Glenn told police she knew Hollyfield was gonna rob Perry when they went to Perry's home she claimed
Hollyfield initially wanted her to lure Perry to the basement but she was too frightened to do that.
Hollyfield said that he went into Perry's home and talked to the victim and to go into the
basement once into basement because that would muffled a gunshot I knew Martisha wouldn't come
into the house if a dead body was upstairs. Martisha oh okay I can't take it I cannot take it
and if there's anybody upset over the fact that I'm one of the very few people in this country
you actually have the balls to go on here and tell it like it is shove it up your ass that's my
comment to you okay live in a real world not in some dream world live in a freaking real world some
of you silly old parts out there if you can't say something nice yeah if you can't say something
nice be boring 12 minutes past 11 at 560 WQM hey mother's days this Sunday times run out you can
almost hear that clock ticking is it really worth it you can almost hear that clock ticking so this
year more than ever before show mom you love and appreciate her by sending her a cute little
Vermont teddy bear that's right your mom wife or grandma receive a beautiful little bear made in
Vermont and delivered with a free card and candy and a fun gift box just call a bear counselor at
1 880 29 bear and they'll have your tailor a bear just for her social know you put some real
care and thought into this year's gift ask about the new spa ma bear or the mama's boy with a heart
shaped tattoo and don't forget every year at mother's day time all you dance out there it's your
job to get mama gift from the kids and the mother and cub set is a perfect idea you can add as many
little cubs as needed with their names running the outfits it's so much more personal and sending
those flowers which no question about a flower is our beautiful but guess what in just a short time
they're dead and long forgotten so call 1 880 29 bear or shop online at for montetibere.com it
only takes five minutes to order a gift this mother's day is going to be one so remember forever it's
from the Vermont teddy bear company be sure and tell them that old neo told you to call tool free but do
it now because time is running out fast call 1 880 29 bear 1 880 29 be a r
ah
it had Kathleen's key night sweet legs
at 10 on sports radio 5 60 Q a m i want to bang you in the butt honey can't get enough of those
four foul malp kids from south park while comedy central changes attitudes and latitudes with four
wise guys from Alabama join the laughs on the all new animated series deep south park
You smell it, Possum, Wheaton Hill, Bailey.
I bet your dad and deep your sister every night.
So what's your point, Rufus?
It's Deep South Park with all the dirty language and ethnic slurs
to ensure instant success.
How come we have to tell my f*** the f*** some f*** gets in the f*** with the f***
sheep?
That's because the f*** is a f*** and he don't run f*** sheep.
It's Deep South Park.
Just like South Park except without Rages Southern accents.
Oh my god!
Thank you, Billy Bob!
Do you need these bastards?
Oh hell, let's go hunt some road kills.
Deep South Park coming soon to Comedy Central.
You know what the D stands for in Deep Sound like in Dumb?
It's 1116 at 560 WQ and we got the 85 vote,
which are you exclusively heterosexual 33.
39% let's hear it.
Oh!
Just 2024 which means mostly Hispanic.
Desperate 12 which means mostly look like Gilbert.
Exclusively homosexual 11 that's 13% and bisexual 5 about 6%.
Aren't you jealous?
No, you're not.
No.
Oh why not?
Just stop and think about it.
All it would make things easier and more convenient but yeah.
I agree, I'm not interested.
But it sounded good though the thing about only Britney Spears.
Of course I'm not going to even get to meet Britney Spears.
Forget about the rest.
How about Jessica Simpson?
I don't think so.
All she may have actually seen it.
1117 we got the mad dog Jim Mandage coming up at 1.
Oh right.
The Humper Hank who is it.
Now what was the word that Norma used the very entertaining?
I don't know some suck ass term he used in there
and then he ripped then he gave him a shot.
Hey Hank if Norm can't ever cross your path to the ballgame
tell me you wouldn't crap on the best part of him if you could find it.
Hank will be on the tree and we got the pregame shorts at 30.
The Dodgers in town to play your South Florida baseball team at 705
which I would say to him about maybe 1617 thousand at night.
Eddie K. at 10 and Joe and Mark the dirty boys overnight
with the hottest news show in town.
That's what I'm hearing.
That's what I made up.
New priest allegation emerges this is in the Palm Beach post.
I totally add a lot more of these.
But no one lets you down.
Thank you.
State Attorney Barry Christcher Christcher's office
is examining newly surfaced allegations of sexual child abuse
by a priest in the diocese of Palm Beach.
Well they sure have gotten hit hard have named Palm Beach.
Yes?
The alleged victim now in an adult city was abused.
You see since you talked to Greg Manier is useless as a
nice guy.
He's on a guard in the point pen.
What is it?
You scared me now.
Why?
Because we both heard the same thing over here.
We heard what?
We heard what you said and I responded to that.
Apparently we heard wrong.
About what?
About that other thing I guess I got my response wrong.
The small town.
Is there anybody following any of this that he's talking about?
Hello.
Hello earth.
Hello George to earth.
There's the other way around earth to George.
State Attorney Barry Christcher's on.
Anyway the alleged victim now in an adult city was abused
more than a decade ago had complained to church authorities
at the time.
This week he recounted the allegation to retire
judge Edward Rogers, no relation of a spelled wrong,
who is scrutinizing priest personnel records
and they have a 17 member church committee.
Reason I said spelled wrong.
You don't need no deal.
Rogers okay.
Rogers said yesterday he could find no record
the allegation in church files.
He received a letter outlining the allegation
for the man Tuesday night forwarded to
Chris Aron Wednesday.
Chris you're through a spokesman
acknowledged yesterday investigators were looking
at the matter.
He declined to elaborate.
How do you like that?
Another mystery.
But like I said, they're sure getting it up the old
shoot in Palm Beach.
Man.
New testimony called Skakles whereabouts.
Whether he was home during Moxley killing a scene
as key writes Leonard Levin in the news day today.
You know we haven't talked about this very much
because I don't think anybody we'd cares about it.
They really care?
No, nobody wants to talk about it.
Nobody knows about it.
Nobody knows who my people is.
I mean I'll do this one thing because it's fairly short.
But nobody knows for Michael Skakles first of all.
Plus he don't look like any of the Kennedys.
I mean even William Kennedy Smith,
he was kind of like pasty and
but not as pasty I wish looking at this old
turd.
See if his name was Kennedy.
Yeah William Kennedy Smith that's right.
That's a good point.
By the way, he did it.
Oh I don't want to say he did it.
That rape thing.
Yeah, he did it.
But I don't want to say that.
A friend of Michael Skakles older sister
testified yesterday than the night that Martha Moxley was killed nearly 27 years ago.
Michael was at his house when he said he was visiting his cousin several miles away.
Her voice steady.
Andrea Shakespeare, Rena.
16 years old when Martha was killed.
Setchie saw Michael inside the Skakles home about 9.45 pm October 30th 1975.
Just before sister Julie drove her home.
Contrary to Michael's claim over the years that he last saw Martha 9.15 when he and his
brothers, Rochden, Jr. and John drove from their home to that of his cousin Jimmy Terrien.
Rena testified to Michael's murder trial that she was sure that Michael did not visit Terrien's
that night because when she entered the Skakles home to retrieve Julie's car keys,
Michael was inside the home.
Okay.
How do you like them apples?
In other words, liar liar.
Your things on fire.
What a paste the old Irishman he is.
Fat paste.
I knew he didn't get into the car she said he was not in the car.
They went to the Terrien home.
Wonderful.
They were akin to a Christian Terrien.
Spell different.
Don't start with that hockey stuff now.
Okay.
You get the audience very upset.
By the way, do you hear about the new general manager?
Yeah.
Rena added that when she saw Michael after Martha's body,
but discovered the following day he told her and that he and his older brother,
Thomas, were the last people to have seen Martha.
Rena said she first told Greenwich Detective Frank Garbott,
Michael in 1991 until then she said she had never been questioned about Michael.
For years, Greenwich police discarded Michael as a suspect,
believe it or believe it or believe it.
I believe that Martha was killed between 9.45 and 10 pm,
concluding Michael cannot return from the Terrians in time to have killed her.
Of course he wasn't there.
Rena was followed on the witness stand by Kenneth Littleden who had moved into the
Skakele home that night the murder was a tutor for the Skakele children.
And it became a suspect the following summer after committing a series of burglaries in Nantucket,
which is one of my very favorite cities, Nantucket.
Not because it's a great place.
There used to be a racetrack there.
I think I've been there in Nantucket.
Do you ever been there?
No, never.
You haven't been anywhere.
Okay.
We keep going.
Yeah, there was Nantucket Raceway and there was also a Naregan said park or something like that.
Well, anyway, maybe it was Naregan said, not Nantucket.
I just like saying Nantucket because it rhymes with
Park it and the Union gap.
Although Littleden was granted immunity from prosecution in the Moxley case,
Skakele's attorney Michael Sherman, no relation to Alan, is attempting to
wetter his evidence that conversation between Littleden and his former wife
that investigator secretly tapred courted.
According to Sherman, the conversation includes the discussion of an earlier talk
in which Littleden allegedly confessed to the crime.
The so-called confessional be the subject of a hearing before presiding judge
John Kavanuski today.
And Anna Kose.
Like I said, nobody cares about Michael Skakele.
If his name was Michael Kennedy Skakele, they might care a little bit,
but then it would take one look at him and say,
ah, Pudgy Tredberger, nobody cares.
I'll tell you somebody they care about a lot.
Miss Cleo.
Yeah.
Miss Cleo asked for lawsuit dismissal.
I'm going to tell you right now I'm on her side.
You go, girl.
When you look at all the fraudulent crap that's on TV,
when you look at this crossing over Jonathan Edwards,
fraudulent guy that's on there talking to dead people.
And when you look at all these informers,
those were 95% of their son, you apply a crap.
Claiming they got the cure for it.
And then you got all those instant fat burning things on there,
which are every one of them a fraud and a fake.
Every guy they have one of them is a fraud and a freaking fake.
And a freaking fraud and a guy they have fake.
Nobody seems to care about that.
That's okay.
Like the government's really looking out for our benefit.
But poor Miss Cleo is just a hardened bitch trying to make some cash.
And they put on the screen and find print.
I'll tell you one thing.
My eyesight is sure good.
And it's by the way, all that ice cream,
which I'm not eating anymore of it.
Good.
You know, because you see the quality of the factors that you're sending me.
And then when I get the next generation of it,
the fact that I can read some of this stuff, believe me,
you'll have to pardon the fact that some of it,
I don't, you know, but man,
some of it, the print you need,
a guy they might palamar telescope just to see it.
So I'm pretty proud of that.
Even if it doesn't make any sense to you and nobody cares about it.
Too much reading, Neil.
Too bad.
I like it.
Miss Cleo asked for lawsuit dismissal.
I tell you one thing, I like it a lot better than Tom Jicke.
An attorney for the sub pro claim telephone psychic, Miss Cleo,
asked the judge to dismiss Florida's lawsuit against her this week.
Lawyer William Cohen said his client who was born,
you read Del Harris and Los Angeles,
was doing what actors have done for infomercials for years,
pitching products or services for companies that hired them.
That's right.
And she, like I said, puts that a slammer on the bottom
for entertainment purposes and morons and
stupid people only.
Harris who lives in Fort Lauderdale has been charged in the civil soup by the state with
the septum of trade practices for her TV ads pitching a psychic hotline that charged up to
$4.99 a minute.
How come they never charged a bishvow griffin?
And surely tweeters and all those people.
I don't think they had the same scam going on exactly.
Oh, maybe that's why they went off the air.
Maybe they weren't doing so good as Miss Cleo.
Maybe that's why she's still on.
And she is still on, by the way.
I see her stuff up here on the Buffalo's channels.
Cohen told Circuit Judge Thomas Lynch that former Miami vice-star Philip Michael Thomas
and singer Deon Warwick made similar psychic hotline commercials and the state didn't sue them.
Very good.
Excellent, Mr. Cohen, Billy Boy.
Good point.
Deon Warwick.
Now there is one for you.
That bitch.
Every time I see her, I say a little prayer that I won't see her again.
He also said the state's advertising laws don't define what's deceptive, meaning
queues broad allegations to accuse anyone.
But assistant Attorney General David Aaron Berg said Harris Newark claims the psychic
powers were false and she was breaking the law.
Just because we don't sue everybody, it doesn't mean we can't sue her.
Aaron Berg said the judge said he decided two weeks whether to dismiss the lawsuit.
Throw it out.
When did that throw it out, Judge?
Here come the judge.
You're going to be throwing it out, please.
Please, former Miss Cleo alone.
We got all these acts of murderers out there.
We got every fake around here.
All these people exploiting those of us who are fat and desperate and can't lose the god damn wait.
And walking around worried, we're waddling around, choking on our own fat like poor Al Goldstein.
Who's going to spend 60 days in jail if they ever get him out of the hospital?
I wonder if he's going to get fish food in jail, you think?
He'll have it smuggled in some...
Yeah, Rose will bring it in.
108 people on our poll.
Which are you exclusively heterosexual 47?
43 and a half percent.
Let's hear it for this match of audience.
Just 20, 27 Julios.
I'm sure desperate 14.
Gilbert look likes.
Exclusively homosexual 13 at 12 percent.
And bisexual 7 6.4 percent.
So far we got 12 percent of this audience fags.
And of course then the other 7, I mean they count 2 right, the other 6 percent, the buys.
No, they're buys.
Hey, here's a great buy for you.
And that's a great new mattress from dial amateurs.
That's right, you're going to save a lot of money and a lot of time in gas too because you don't
have to schlep all over time and believe me.
I don't have to tell you, but let me say it anyway.
When it's 145 degrees in the shade, when your spits and just walking outside of the car,
or just getting out of the garage, believe me, you don't want to do any more of that
sloppin' around than you have to.
And when it comes to getting you a great name, a brand name mattress that you're going to love
and your back is going to be in love with, you just have to make one easy call.
Just reach over and grab that phone while you're eating your fish food or your Nesli's turtle.
Sorry.
And call our friends at dial amateurs toll free at 1-800-MATRUS.
They got the best brands in the universe.
They got your SIRTA and SEALY SIMMENS at King CORE.
And when you call dial amateurs at 1-800-MATRUS, you pick the day in the 2-hour window for delivery,
7 days a week when it's convenient for you when you're going to be there.
And you don't have to sit around killing a whole day waiting for something to show up.
Also, when you do business with these folks, you get yourself a 30-day
in-home comfort guarantee so you can test your mattress the only right way, the smart way,
by sleeping on it, screwing your brains out on it, doing whatever you like on it.
Believe me, your back is going to thank you.
You ever have your back say like it tomorrow?
Thank you.
Just call 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS.
Or you can check them out on the web at macrus.com.
The Marlins Tick on the Dodgers.
The Ninet Pro Player.
The number starts at 630 on sports radio 560, QAM.
Don't take any bulls**t from it.
What part does Brown play in your business?
Brown is the color of my secretary shorts when I tell her she has the warglade on Friday.
Shirk.
Brown is the color of my boss' shorts when I threaten to sue him for her
harassment to get back at him for making me work late on Friday.
Bimbo, let's face it.
Brown plays a part in every successful business.
Brown is the color of my nose and I tell my boss what a great job he's doing.
Hey boss, keep up the good work!
Jerk.
Well, Brown is the color of the slip I give my slacker employees for talking about the end of their friend.
Oh, it does not Brown.
That's a pink slip.
Losers, what can Brown do for you?
Nothing.
It's just a color.
What a stupid commercial.
Get none.
1131 at 560, WQM.
And it's not mine because I just put new toner in my fax machine so it's like
brand spanking new and beautiful.
Yes, I have to change it.
Say, how do you like that?
Even though I'm far away, I'm still in touch with what's going on down there.
Oh, and by the way, I don't want to do business on the air,
but since I don't want to waste the time afterwards since it's Friday and it's going to be one o'clock
and I'm going to lunch, the audience loves it.
Go ahead.
You know that new fax machine I was going to get up here that was supposed to be the newer version of that one you got working down there?
Yes.
No, no, seriously, I mean, it's already the 10th of May.
I don't want to get pushy about it.
We started here on the 1st of March with this loud.
I mean, this is a wonderful fax machine except for the fact that it's loud
and the paper gets real hot.
It's a heat-seeking missile.
You know what I mean?
Yes.
And in fact, it's making so much noise right now.
I can barely hear myself think.
But we're supposed to get that new one.
It was on back, or let's see, March, April.
We're talking to it in a half months.
So maybe inquiring minds before clearance goes out of town.
To learn.
If we have somebody pertain to be the program director or engineer or something like that,
could check on that for me because I hate since I'm the one that's paying for all this new fax paper
and the toners and stuff.
Which I don't mind, but I don't mind like I have a whole bunch of stuff sitting in here
that I'm never going to use.
Anybody following what I'm talking about?
No.
Good.
See what I'm saying?
I see what you're saying.
But everybody's going to go to long.
Just put a little feeler out.
See if that thing's ever going to show up here.
Which I have to wait for duct to get back.
Oh, well, former seminarian arrested in Cobb, Mollastation case.
A former seminarian at Merriott, the Catholic Church,
wondered by Cobb County Police on Chobb, Mollastation charges in Lakeland,
is in the Lakeland Hospital for Observation today.
Kenneth Cassidy, 43 of Auburndale, Florida.
I know where that is.
Boy, you talk about Yahoo's.
Woo!
That's up by Lakeland.
Have you ever been to Auburndale?
No.
Man.
Even the adults run around in diapers in that town.
Ew.
Anyway, Kenneth complained of chest pains Thursday.
Evening as he was being booked into Pope County, Florida, jail sheriff,
spokesman and a Kerry Rogers said.
Rogers said Cassidy was admitted to a hospital in Lakeland for observation
is under guard under sheriff's deputy.
Cassidy was arrested Thursday at his apartment in Auburndale on warrants by detectives in Cobb County
charging with two counts of child molestation and four counts of sexual battery against three victims.
Former seminarian.
All right, let's hear it.
Here's one that says, and I can barely read these because you run out of toner there,
and it's going to be right on my nerves in the break.
In case you missed it, this is masturbation awareness month.
Oh, don't tell a Catholic Church that.
God.
But students at Binghamton University in upstate New York aren't likely to forget.
A student organized sex toy party marked the occasion this week in the student union lounge.
Senior Maria Doherty helped to organize the event.
She says they wanted to take the taboo away from masturbation,
but one member of the school of board of trustees called the sex toy party.
A sad example of virgin of vulgarity.
I thought it said virginity.
Vulgarity.
University officials know that the student gathering was protected by free speech rights.
How do you like that?
So if you're going to one of the great learning institutions in America,
have you a sex toy party?
Sounds good to me.
An honor of masturbation awareness month.
Somebody tell a pope.
Do you think he started sending me this stuff?
There's just never ending supply of these stories.
So shame, I think it's like a conspiracy.
Advocates for victims of clergy sexual abuse, urged US bishops yesterday
to help them convince state lawmakers nationwide to make it easier to prosecute
Roman Catholic priest to molest children.
Survivors network of those abused by priests want legislatures to expand or eliminate criminal
statutes to limitations that require that clergy in every state
reports suspected abuse.
If we've learned anything in the past 20 years,
it's that the church cannot police itself said Mark London,
a SNAP spokesperson in New York reading from a statement released by the advocacy group
in about 20 US cities.
A spokesman for the US Conference of Catholic Bishops had no immediate comment on
SNAP requests for the bishops to join lobbying effort.
Roughly a dozen states specifically require clergy to report suspected abuse,
and about 16 others have laws saying in broad terms that anyone would now
deserve you should report it.
Several states have begun considering changes to their laws on reporting abuse,
in light of the waves of clergy molestation scandals that have rocked the Catholic Church
in America this year.
How do you like that?
It rocks the church.
FBI man's chilling 9-11 prediction.
FBI headquarters ignored its own agents red flag warning a month before 9-11 that
Zacharias Musawi was the kind of person who might fly something into the World Trade Center.
FBI director Robert Mueller admitted on Wednesday.
It was previously known that instructors at a Minnesota Flites School warn local FBI agents
that Musawi later described as the 20th hijacker might try to fly a plane loaded with fuel into
a building. But Mueller's revelation in a congressional hearing showed for the first time
that an FBI investigator took that horrifying threat further and actually considered
the scenario that occurred on 9-11.
Mueller said the agent who arrested Musawi on August 16 took the belief that this is the type
of individual to take a plane to hijack it.
In one of the notes the agent Minneapolis mentioned the possibility of Musawi being the type
of person who could fly something into the World Trade Center we said.
Also yesterday it was important that the FBI got a French intelligence report weeks before September
11 saying Musawi was a dangerous Islamic extremist.
The information came from a French judge and terrorist hunter according to CBS's 60 Minutes.
Two. The judge told CBS that French officials gave the FBI everything we had on Musawi.
But US officials disputed the French claimants that the information consisted of just a few pages
saying he was an Islamic extremist and was dangerous. The Musawi file was turned over weeks
before the September 11 attacks in which Musawi allegedly planned to participate.
Jadiadiadi. Meanwhile a suspect and alleged scheme to obtain fraudulent student visas had
flight manuals, a drawing of a plane striking one of the World Trade Center towers,
and a date book with a lone entry September 11 according to court documents in Norfolk, Virginia.
The Virginian pilot obtained the documents that were used to justify the arrest of five suspects
in the Norfolk area Tuesday they were among more than 58 people arrested in 13 states on Tuesday.
The newspaper reported yesterday that the material seized in northern Virginia also included an FAA
flight manual, photos of men posing outside the Trade Center and an aerial view photograph of
the Pentagon. It said another suspect who lived in Norfolk had a CD round with the words
Gainesville and Flight School on it. The FBI and other agencies are investigating whether any of the
individuals had ties to the terrorist attacks or connection with Osama Yomamas Al-Qaeda network.
The court documents were filed a connection with the arrest of suspects and were prosecutors
called a nationwide ring that used stand-ins to fraudulently take English language proficiency
exams for 134 students, passing the exams a lot in the stay in the US legally.
Raids carried out Tuesday and 13 states led the 58 arrests mostly students accused of paying
others to take the exam for them. The test is required by many colleges and universities as proof
that foreign students are complying with the terms of student visas under which they enter the
country. Among the other item seized in northern Virginia the pilot reported were listings containing
locations of oil refineries, a date book that contained a September-Lawd with entry and the
words, Track the World Trade Center or the Pentagon, Track for the Plan, a book identified commercial
airliners and videos entitled, Incredible Air Disasters and Incredible Water Disasters.
I'm not saying that we were slipping the switch but you know what?
Where are we as we owe? What is it? We were slipping the switch.
21 till noon at 560 WQM we got the mad dog coming up a one-hank.
The con- what was that word again that he used? That facts from norm just changed the whole show
today. Don't ever facts me again okay? Norma, don't ever facts again and don't call me I'll call
you a walking waste of time on two legs. Hey if you're thinking of paying your home
or business that's also waste of time. Don't paint protect your investment with liquid ceramic.
Liquid ceramic, the technology born in NASA space program is now available in South Florida.
That's the good news for use. Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof
coating available. You too can have the same high-tech ceramic technology that shields the space
shuttle protecting your home or building and you'll never ever have to pay again. That's right
you heard right liquid ceramic guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building. So
forget about repainting your review years because liquid ceramic won't fade it won't peel its
the state of the art coating yields an R24 insulation equivalency which means it can really
help bring those electric bills down for you. Liquid ceramic is available in over 1800 different
colors. Check out liquid ceramic today called 305-347-5122. Liquid ceramics been manufactured and sold
for over 40 years and now the good news like I said it's available here in South Florida.
Call 305-347-5122 or visit them on the net at liquidceramic.tv 305-347-5122 when you call
me sure and tell them.
Hey kids are you tired of that neighborhood bully? He stole my lunch money. Ah shut up kid
and tell him mom to hold the mail next time. Next time fight back. But he's bigger than me.
No no no just tell mom next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery store pick up a pack
of new sh-cag candy bars. Shotcat? Yes it's a new candy bar made entirely from recycled cow
dung guaranteed to turn your stomach. So next time. Alright kid give me a lunch. No no please
don't take it. Just shut up and hand it over. Okay here you go but whatever you do please
don't eat my candy bar. Hey cool. Ah this tea is like shit. So you want my lunch tomorrow too?
We get a hunch you got a blow lunch when you take a bite of that shit cat bar. I gotta be
honest with you that's probably the best belief of any bit we've ever had. I can just I gotta
play that all day and Monday to find best. 1144 is 16 till noon is 560 WQM happy mother's day happy
mother's day my happy mother's day to Georgia's mind Miguel as well especially to Georgia's mom. Yeah.
Bad news though. Bubba says hosting TV show unlikely. Ah former president Bill Clinton says it's
unlikely you'll start new careers at TV talk show host but admitted the ID had some appeal.
Well Clinton met with it on I should have speaking of appeal I should have done the story about how they threw
one of the black players was that an NBA game or a baseball game. I know you're that stupid.
The banana. I don't know that's true. I guess I guess I guess I'll be there knows they threw a banana at
him. Was that a racial thing? Oh no he was a hockey game. I don't know. Oh yeah it was the hockey
game was the Carolina Montreal game that's right it was a frog a frog fan see hockey you totally
forget about when you're on QAM. Which is very sad because it's the Stanley Cup playoffs and
a lot of people with an IQ who are not interested in boring crap like baseball but like hockey is
going on right now to play off Stanley Cup. The NBA is in court. Calling that up on the boards.
Well he gets up and picture leaks. Adaboy kick it again time he's okay in my book that tie dummy.
He's all right. A good game five tonight at the air Canada Center A and like I said what a
blowjob about the Canadians last night there were head three nothing there's still clinging to a
three two lead late in the game they give up the they can't get it out of their own end man get the
puck out of here that's what I'm always saying get the puck out here they couldn't get out of their
own end Carolina ties it up and then wins on a long shot from the blue line a screenshot and over time
poor Josie Theodore man I feel bad for him you could hear the choking gagging sounds just when
I thought it looked really good I mean it grew off to a three to one lead in a series and instead
they go back to Carolina to two we're in their French to two. Did I get I guess I did the first
sentence of this Clinton met with NBC executives last week in the league to discuss the possibility
of a show an unconventional move for an ex-president when I generate a flurry of attention you
better got a flurry of attention because we'd all be watching it wouldn't you absolutely even at
bush liquor I'm a gal would watch it I guarantee you that why do you call Miguel a bush liquor he's
not a bush man but just because he's Cuban he might be you know what that's a good point Miguel
yeah yeah he's a bush guy who the hell are you kidding man I had no idea he's a bush man all
this time yeah up until today I thought it was Barzini all along it's Miguel I like bush
I don't think this is going to happen Clinton said during an NPR interview schedule today or
today and maybe it was already on I'd be surprised if it did happen he said Clinton against an NPR
is the tab is smiley show said a TV form would allow him to address things I care about in an
environment where people would be freed listen to larger numbers of people than I can speak to
Clinton added that neither he nor the network were the impetus for the meeting he was approached
by a group of people whom he didn't identify and asked for help in financing a show he said
asked if he'd accept the position which he provided analysis or commentary Clinton said he didn't
know like everybody else either they're not saying they're not talking or I don't know NBC is
you're trying to talk about the meeting in a structural and for Clinton downplay that
significance last week calling it one of many discussions he's had about potential projects
since leaving office I'll tell you one thing you can't complain about the hockey talk on QA
because there isn't any stand the cup playoffs and Norma can't is worried about they didn't talk
enough about baseball and about the South Florida team and yada yada about Cliff Floyd and all
this other happy horse crap stand the cup playoffs going on now mr hot shot and I want
supposed to be a sports station you're gonna hear anything about it not a freaking word even from
guilty now who so got to have intimidated and scared of his own shadow he won't even say puck he
won't even say Schmidt but that's okay we all have to like you know cover our ass guilty I
understand he's got that kid to feed here are some good news for all of us canon law said to be
of legal uh little legal weights as the Boston Globe today and did I already tell you that yeah bogus
as you know you set yourself up and you make up your own bunch of crap oh well frank canon said
that we're above the law yeah well frank canons dead okay I did like when him conrad though but he
was great and don't tell me wasn't great because you don't like cops shows yeah cana was great
schmuck whatever you say it was a good show it was a damn good show it was a Quinn Martin production
okay because he always gets his man like barnacles jones how could anybody not like cops shows
they always end the same they're all for me lay it in his deposition on Wednesday cardinal law
explained that he abandoned his agreement to pay 86 victims of pedophile priest john gigan
after the arts diocese finance council told him they wouldn't approve it and he learned that
canon law required the council's approval for such a large expenditure however a civil precedent
around the nation interviews with legal specialist suggest that citing canon law the body of laws
the government cat lick church as a mitigating circumstance sell them works when secular or
civil law becomes entangled in church business canon law has no relevance to the criminal justice
system or civilly live a civics what is it civil legal proceedings say that again it can't be
used to trump secular law said barylin executive director of americans united for separation of
church and state a great washington based law of in group you go boy nice go and bury
charles m wilson executive director of the st. Joseph foundation a texas based canon law think tank
agrees according to canon law itself the jurisdiction of civil courts is paramount wilson said
and here i always thought it was warner brothers it's not just that the church defers the
civil law to adopt civil laws its own scholar say canon law was the basis for the development of the
an emery school of law in Atlanta an author of law and revolution the formation of western legal
tradition said western jurist prudence traces its origins to canon laws it was practiced in the
eleventh and twelve centuries brumman formally professor at Harvard law school said secular law
occasionally makes exceptions for canon law such as the recent decision by the massachusetts legislature
to include a priest patent and exclusion in the state's new law that requires members of clergy
to report suspected child abuse our law is full of canon law principles that are now not considered
canon law such as monogamy said brumman but canon law has since the sixteenth century
recognized the superiority of if you will of civil law until the reformation the Catholic church
is law prevail over the secular law but secular law can never be trumped he said still because of
the first amendment to the constitution which guarantees freedom of religion and calls for the
separation of church and state courts have been reluctant to get involved in choice affairs
gather peen in their pants just like the media they're scared of their own shadow
u.s courts usually don't want to touch these cases with a barge pool said wilson with a ten foot
the shlong we've had very few cases where the issue of canon law and secular laws raised it all
linds had the vast majority of cases in the u.s. in which the issue of canon law and civil law
came head to head involved property disputes often when one group in a church got into an argument
with another group in the same church over real estate who represented the real church will the
real Christians please stand up huh well the real good Catholics with a real non-lusting priest
well the real heterosexual priest please stand up no
mirrolin's governor issues death penalty moratorium
mirrolin governor perisc lendening imposed the moratorium on executions
Thursday until the state finishes a study and whether there's a racial bias in the use of the
death penalty here we go again remember john spinkleink yes white guy they had a fri
him because you know and how about Ted Bundy was he black nope
blend in a democrat said he envisioned the stay remaining in place until the study is reviewed
and acted upon by the legislature which i expect to take about a year he said
of course i remember also remember pits and leh
blend in he stopped the execution of westley u gene baker who was scheduled to die by lethal
injection sometime next week and said he would stay any other executions that come before him
baker was convicted of a 1991 murder nine of the thirteen people on death row in merrill and
are african american including baker during his ten year glendening allowed the state to go forward
with two executions but he commuted the third the baker case with the fourth such case to come before
him it is imperative that i as well as our citizens have complete confidence that the legal
process involved in capital cases is fair and impartial grandending said an extensive two year
study by the university of merrill and examining the effects of racial and jurisdictional factors
on the imposition of the death penalty is nearing completion the university study was commissioned
in the spring of two thousand is expected to be completed later on this year given that the study
will be released soon he be saying and the critical need to be absolutely sure of the integrity of
the process i'm issuing a stay for this case and i'll stay any others accompany for me pending
completion of the study said so there you go everything is racist but like i said before when
you're dealing with a separate culture and i'm not saying that there aren't situations where
there's racism involved because obviously there are but it's a pretty sad excuse for a lot of the
barbaric rotesque unacceptable so-called subculture activity that goes on but we're not supposed
to say that are we no don't say well we can say whatever how we want my kids some people all
been out of shape but too freaking bad flanagan high school's ninth grade annex this is a story from
a couple days ago that i couldn't get to we'll switch to a four day school week and the entire
campus enrollment will remain cap school board members voted this week in an attempt to control
crowding at the county's largest school see there are people who want to spend tax money to build
god damn baseball stadiums for a bunch of crybaby millionaires who lie about all the money to
supposedly losing but we can't build schools enough to hold your kids i'm gonna tell you right
now and i mean this from the bottom of my toes okay any asshole down there is willing to spend
one more tax dime and i admit that i was you know the thing with the macarena was selfish and hockey
in the audio if i had to do it over again i'd say no no take those millions and build more schools
in date and broward counties and pomb each and wherever else we need them and get textbooks for
those kids in date that have no textbooks to take home at the name the four day week will give
different freshmen a different day off reducing enrollment at the annex by one fifth of on any given
day and thereby making room for more students than the campus could normally handle the school day
will be also lengthened to avoid losing class time the enrollment cap which affects the entire
school allows students currently at flanagan to stay and will allow eighth graders to attend middle
schools that feed into flanagan when are the schools ninth grade but new students moving in the
area will likely be out of luck and instead bust a mirror mar high school how do you like that how
do you like to be bust a mirror mar no thank you oh probably that glenn from your mar is running
around shooting shots up in the air and their marks they'd hell away from him hooray
crack cried flanagan high school principal Susan shalas have you ever heard anybody in your life say hooray
never no it's a boarded comic books it's like shazam nobody says hooray
hit pit who the hell wrote this Jamie Muloney education writer for the god damn son sent
all hey you ought to get yourself some education Jamie whatever you are hooray cried flanagan
high school principal Susan shalas who is struggling to keep her school from sinking under the weight
of nearly 5,500 students now that the cap has been extended school officials can start figuring
out the complex schedules that'll make the four day school week work the annex of portables and
portables we're talking about you do understand yeah trailer a little like for trailer trash
administrators already are puzzling over how to ensure freshmen involved in band in sports art
off on practice days apparent committees also have been developed off for more concrete programs for
students one on on their day off the city of himberpimes is promised offer free activities
a chief concern of many parents is that students will waste the day or find ways to get into trouble
if their parents are at work like Ferris Bueller for example I think we're going to have a lot of
kids out there with nothing to do said a word Michelle Colligan whose daughter was a junior at
flanagan I don't know any ninth grader wants to go to daycare officials say extreme measures like
capping in the four day week are necessary because flanagan is bursting at the seams expecting
nearly six thousand students next ball and we've got assholes down there including some on this
radio station who are continuing to hype this psychotic business of oh yeah well there's a
will there's a way we'll find some way to finance it my freaking ass you'll find a way to finance
on god damn baseball stadium in a time where they can't throw flies to a manure pile okay for baseball
nobody cares nobody wants to do it and if they held the election tomorrow seven weeks from
sookas the result is overwhelming it's going to be absolutely positively and we've discussed it
until i'm god damn blue in the face on both cheeks god same old tight craft from the same sports
nerds they want their they want their little world with another god damn sports venue on a
recent corner so they can continue up you know brow beating us with crap that nobody cares about
like I said norm no more no more stupid faxes and now a bush said no nude faxes yeah pop a bush
four till noon at five sixty wqm you know mother's day this is our last chance to remind you
and your last chance to because time that you heard that ticker before it's clicking away
mother's day is this Sunday day after tomorrow this year more than ever why not show mommy love
an appreciator by sending her avermont teddy bear am I doing the right spot or not nope
now well so i'll just switch them around what's wrong with that no oh that's right well then
yeah believe me i'll switch them around no problem this relax Miguel okay don't get all excited you
in addition to which i mean this gives them a few more minutes to a call from on teddy bear your
mom wafer grandma get a beautiful little bear maiden vermont delivered with a free card and candy
and a fun gift box and there's nothing like having a gift box just call a bear counselor in 1889
bear the happy teddy bear just for her social know you put some real thought into with this year
as opposed to past years where you really screwed off ask about the news fa ma bear or the mom
is boy with a heart shaped tattoo and don't forget all you pop is out there it's your time to get a
car from the kids for mom and the mother and cub said is a perfect idea you can add as many
cubs as needed with their names on the outfits it's a lot more personal in those stupid wilting flowers
so call that phone number now and you can still get it there in time for Sunday call 1-800-829
bear or shop online at vermont teddy bear dot com 1-800-829 be a arm be sure and tell them that
next day guys a ruse just right
the meal ruse show on 560-7Q-8 my name is for margarita
hi the state goldstein but you can call me delty whenever i'm in town i listen to
wait a minute i am in town it's the 12th of one hour
all right a long long time ago it was 1900 and Jesse Helms was just a lot of nine
and no one knew what was in store just ended the Spanish American war so they ported like it was 1899
there were events that made you shiver but there were times we did deliver a promise that was kept
with that famous one small step i can't remember each event or everything that man did invent
a century we will present and this is how it went
my my how the time it did fly since it started some departed many tears we did cry
for the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye
a hundred years have gone by it all started when two guys were right when they put in their plane
into light and the start of radio signified had his mom to thank and want to theory and max blank
and the Titanic that story we all know well world war one it soon began with shooting
archduke Francis burden and millions died from the flu and plastic it was brand new and then
Russia had its revolution Panama connected all the the oceans man up for these we won't see again
a hundred years have gone by and we were singing my my how the time it did fly since it started
some departed many tears we did cry for the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened
in the blink of an eye a hundred years have gone by I would had his relative a teen a mask
produced a new model tea and the birdland didn't hear parry then some moldy bread gave
a penicillin wall street and the great depression and women would vote like you and me
and Germany's chancellor was sworn in and world war two would soon begin made your return from land
the project man had never lose you trial in Tennessee we caught a first look at TV
then the day that lives in infamy on three years have gone by and we were singing my my how the time
did fly since it started some departed many tears we did cry for the century it's time that we
say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye a hundred years have gone by
Franklin Winston they will soon be winning starting with the day invasion but at what an appalling cost
in Russia no one did the frost in Germany they finally lost discovered the horrors of the Holocaust
that man little boy and only gave changed the whole world on that very day
me know had just begun and trying to move by musty town the first player in baseball that was black
Israel got their homeland back Massachusetts elected jack go on three years gone by
and we were singing my my how the time did fly since it started some departed many tears we did
the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye a hundred years have gone by
separate for equal mates such a fuss a rosa to tide went on the bus holy oh cured with the vaccine
and then my shot scared us big time with spot Nick our troops into Korea quick discovered the double
helix scheme oh JFK left us way too soon but promised to get us all to the moon you re his first in space
yeah the bill we did it race and the French have been clined into the night cubus missiles gave us quite a
fright southeast Asia is on new fight a hundred years gone by all right and we were singing my my
how the use they did fly since it started something but in many tears we declined for the century
it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye a hundred years have gone by
kneels giant step was the big news rovers way gave women right to choose
Nixon resigns about water gays got the troops at a Vietnam had hostages taken by Iran and a virus
made us too scared to go date a test to babies held a lot some guy named Bill started micro soft
and Chernobyl explosion the Berlin wall gets broken the USSR says goodbye some students in China they did try
seven died in the Florida sky a hundred years gone by
and they were singing my my have the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we did
cry for the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye a hundred
years have gone by we were singing my my how the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears
we did cry for the century it's time that we say goodbye because a hundred years have gone by
oh quite a mess of the basilica the church and the activity they put on scene and aren't you
surprised by that well they didn't have a lot of like 200 people stuck in here for like a month
I sure hope they have real good plumbing facilities god what a joke didn't they cut their water off
media treats everybody like we're all about two years old by the way yes something a very yeah by
the way something very special in studio guest here with a story in a exclusive announcement for us
not you have come the only time this ponytail man he's already had like a half an hour of free
plugs on here last two days because of the scan he made up about his phone getting disconnected but
I'm sure was just another story he made up to get pizza loft on here again yeah how you doing Jeff
not only was it not a scam but you're talking about it save me so that I do have phone service even
though it's not guaranteed to stay on through the whole week but is this man old me or what not
away I hook him up with that lovely young lady you still go with her by the way uh
kind of comment no but whatever I mean you were for a while there yes you're in a half it was
wonderful okay but that's all over now well she probably figured I would have pervert you were but
anyway not only you owe me that you're in a half also I get his phone straight now because they
heard me on your about it plus the fact this guy's got a $45 million house because of me and now what
no I don't I lost that in the divorce oh well you had it anyway right I have a little house
but that's not important but I do have an exclusive announcement for you what do you say
do you hear the do you hear his voice just crack oh he's nervous I wonder she had dumped your ass
anyway exclusive yeah totally if he kept screwing around so much like one nut would fall off but
he wouldn't listen to me anyway go ahead uh I picked up the keys this morning to the pizza loft
second location after 27 years of waiting for just the right spot all right a few blocks from your
house as a matter of fact yeah I know I know exactly where it is knob hill and sunrise be the end
of the end of the game you know who's gonna be in there uh john the while beside that because he
ain't gonna pay for it I'm talking about Marcy from Walgreens right there uh by where you're gonna be
there you go so when's the opening the end of summer we got to uh make the kitchen like a
pizza loft kitchen off stainless clean everything up make it right and uh by the end of summer now let
me just tell you this because I think that location has got great possibilities but you're gonna have
to like uh really promote it heavily because of the one the only on the negative on that thing is
I'm sure you're aware is you can't see it from the street that's what I have you for I know that's
what I'm saying if you were to retire I would never have done this but being that you've decided
to work a little bit I'm able to go ahead and move forward and you're good friend alba
after after 60 days we can bring him over there too after he gets out of the slimer if he gets out
of the hospital live okay yeah I have to have a big table for him I have a welcome back to society
party yeah and then of course the rumors will be over to see a several several times a week they
sold their house so they're gonna be moving to Davy pretty soon right they're moving across the
street from the existing existing loft that's the good news for them and I've had it for you because
I can see a lot of free meals coming up that's very very soon at the original pizza loft there
on that well they are the second pizza loft in Davy he hooks me up real well
yeah but he does don't forget what rumor says if it's free it's me yeah that's just
Logan by the way happy birthday again Farrell well that's great Jeff nice hearing from me briefly
I did talk to John and congratulations and so you'll let us know I'm sure all right I'll see you
when you're back in town in June right and lose my number okay see you Jeff there he is Jeff
go new pizza lofts opening in the plantation right there by Marcy at Walgreens
not Hill and Sunrise what a great location got I can eat free every day now and out of me on the
year wouldn't that a great scan that's what we live for right I think that's a great idea when I'm
home I can you know drive home after work stop a little tiny go out and take a little crap
and then go over there and have a nice free lunch with Jeff hang out bond with my buddy over there
helping pick out some of the waiters 12 13 at 5 60 wqm you know summertime is here already it's
only the 10th of May but forget about the counter just stick your head out the window oh my god
you're suffering you're sweltering it's beautiful here though I don't want to rub it in
you bastard but oh man it's so hot and humid you could fry eggs on your toes but only
omets one product it'll make you feel your best all the time and keep you in good health in
soft flota it's better to heat humidity and the frying pan type atmosphere in paradise everybody
all you meds of soft gel capsule it contains pharmaceutical red olive oil along with vitamins
minerals and herbals to promote health for your prostate for your heart for your blood pressure
for your cholesterol all you meds got a supplement to promote health in your circulatory system
there's one for your digestive system your endocrine system your skin your bones even your mind
all using the benefits of pharmaceutical red olive oil and don't forget all you meds products
for you men and you ladies out there too all you meds available at wall greens high again marce
free food coming soon whole food markets the viral pharmacy in sedanos if you'd like to get more
info about uh... only med before you buy just calm down for y'all about how it works what it's
all about call toll free one eight six six only a med one eight six six only a med or other products
on their website it's a piece of cake just to check out
credo
here bear and hotel accomplished that's from eleven to one at the jason pember pines
John
card
one
The cutest pony tail that's waved with a wiggle when he won
What a lovely, error agent, really knocked me off my feet
And he died at when his side backed
It makes him look so sweet
What is love?
It's Jeff Cohen and his pony tail
The cutest pony tail that's waved with a wiggle when he won
Waved with a wiggle when he won
Waved with a wiggle when he won
Waved with a wiggle when he won
It's a damn good thing my psychic abilities must have been paying off again
Now what time did he show up there?
Right at noon
Right at noon, see, and I played that long bit
Which I almost never played
And he didn't tell me ahead of time that he was there
If I wouldn't have played that, we'd have been back about six, seven minutes earlier
And he'd have been going, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, you know
For you what I'm saying?
Perfect
The vibes all the way up here
The vibes are coming right through the goddamn window
You can almost smell them
Not that I want to give a short trip to pony tail
But it's time to give him a little short trip
You know, he's a great guy, but I'm in there two tops
So you got food?
Well, that's where he brought you the food, didn't know
He says yes
Excellent
Nice gone pony tail
No problem, we'll have that place packed when he opens out there by me
Because there really aren't the very many good restaurants out there in West Broward
Very very slim and grim, unless you like Denny's
Denny's then of course the Saagras, which has a couple of good restaurants
But you got like walk 16 miles to get in there and fight through all the Brazilians
You're going to love this story, Covington, Washington
A teenager who had become sick and tired of being around drugs, called authorities
And had his father arrested for growing marijuana in their suburb and Seattle home
Sheriff's Deputy said
No, he's gone punk
The 17-year-old dialed 911 on Tuesday
And his 38-year-old divorced father was arrested when he arrived home that night
God
Sheriff Sergeant Greg Dymersky said Deputy sees at least 40 marijuana plants
And bags of dried and ready to sell buds
They could smell the stuff two or three houses away to Murzky said
And an electric charge
The kid said he was sick and tired of being around drugs
And sick and tired of his dad doing drugs to Murzky
He said he's a good kid and his conscience got the best of him
The boy is 15-year-old sister and their seven-year-old brother returned over to family friends for the night
I think he was pretty upset about returning to Dad Dymersky said
But the bottom line is he did the right thing
You think he did the right thing?
No
Of course not, that kid should be pistol whipped
Maybe dad would leave it, probably it was pissed because dad wouldn't share
That's it
It's not a crap is that
See if dad would give him a good rate, that wouldn't have happened
So that's one thing about George, if his daughter is ever going to try that with him
I'll cut her in
This is a great one, you saw this?
Yeah, you did because you factored to me without my asking
The only fact is that you didn't factored to me, we're like ones I got from that schmuck norm can't
Who can't stop being an overgrown child with his baseball
Nobody cares norma, I keep telling that, nobody cares the important stuff
He can't be bothered with, okay?
He's impotent
But when it comes to round ball, you ought to be worried about other balls, okay?
Norma at this stage of your life, oval balls?
Speaking of that, x-rated jolt spices up exam week, this is my favorite
Students cramming through the night for final exams at Villanova University yesterday
May have gotten the jolt they needed to stay awake from an unlikely source, the school's TV station
SGTV, the student government's 24-hour station available only on campus
It's programmed to run a continuous mix of PG-13 and R-rated movies
But at 2am yesterday, instead of the scheduled thriller reindeer games with Ben Affleck
Oh, what's that bit? How do you say that?
What does that bit?
It's the, um...
Affleck casting call
Oh, I gotta have that, okay after the break
At 2am yesterday, instead of the scheduled thriller reindeer games with Ben Affleck, a hard-core
porn-o-flick titled Cheap Thrills appeared on the screen
All right!
The movie ran for about a half an hour before campus security officer shut it down
Which reminds me before I go back
There's a spot they're running up here from one of the cable companies
About parental control and certain lockout features on their cable
And it shows two nuns sitting in their living room eating a popcorn
And what I'm reading watching TV
And then one of the, and they say, no one wanted channels to pop up
And so you can see the expression on their eyes is the eyeballs start getting as big as saucers
And they're putting up their hands over their eyes and they keep opening up the fingers
You know, I'm looking through the fingers, you really have to see it
But it's, yeah, it's a beautiful thing
And they keep looking away and then looking back and taking the hands away from their face
I was studying in the lounge and someone said there's porn on SGTV
Said Marine Harlem, the student government president
I thought it was maybe a nude scene or something like that
I went into the room to look at it and it was clearly not something that was supposed to be on
The movies say those who viewed it left nothing to the imagination
There were two well-endowed men penetrating your woman's vagina and anus at the same time
I spoke to the vice president for student life and he said thank goodness it came on at that time
Because the priest would have been sleeping, Holland said
How did they know that?
Villanova is a Roman Catholic University, they probably put it on
Chris Lillock, a senior spending his last week at the school said he was flipping through the channels when it came across cheap thrills
I was like many kids staying up late studying or parting
And the minute this thing aired people were hooding and hollering throughout the dorm and instant messaging to turn on channel 52
He said
Barbara Clement School spokeswoman said a student in Bartley Hall which contains offices
A dining facility in big screen TV alerted authorities
He looked up at the screen went gulp and called campus police public safety, she said
Just like Timmy's always doing on passion gulp
Oh he's got real problems now for Timmy, he's got all the little animals right racing after him
Officers went to Delroydy Hall which houses the TV station where four VCRs are programmed to play movies
They found a door to the office, Jimmy open and the lock broken on the cabinet contained the video equipment
The rumor on campus yesterday that we were somebody pulled a senior prank
That Mel way B
That may well be Clement said but it's a prank that has serious implications
It's a case of breaking and entering
It's a case for Kojak or maybe Bartaby Jones because we know he always gets his man
Lillack who gained some measure of notoriety on campus for his classes with the administration of race
Starsly conservative student newspaper he founded sent an email to media outlets alerting them to what happened
Riotist groups took a study break from final exams to witness the showing of the movie he wrote
I think Chris may have been exaggerating said hollering to notice that many students would complete the finals had left campus
Cheap thrills was eventually replaced by Ali where they closed his dignity is a buff will smith in boxing trunks
We can most of us live without oh right at lunchtime to sorry to read that right in the middle of your pizza lock on you
Sorry, he just makes my skin crawl now does that make me erasers? I guess so no well
Will Smith will cause me there's another one so you see a pattern developing here?
Yeah, I'm just lily white that's just the way it is
And of course up here we got all these real nice white Canadian people 1226 at 560
Oh, so anyway was it the Canadian Carolina game last night and somebody threw a banana at Kevin Weech the goalie for Carolina former panther by the way who's black
And so there was a whole thing in a paper about that this morning because they threw a banana at him and it's a whole big word
He didn't say word about a Kevin he couldn't care less but let's get serious
They'd have thrown a watermelon all this stands then then you start getting a little bit nervous
How do you sneak one of those in there?
Your pants
Hey, the weather's starting to get really hot again summer storms possibility hurricane soon follows so get prepared for major storm
And don't forget may through November that's hurricane season in South Florida discover now what thousands of people that want to protect their homes call all weather systems
All weather systems has been business for over 15 years there's stately state license theme of project impact contractor
All weather systems carries the new state of the art shutterless impact resistant windows and French doors
No one's sightly rugby shutters to run the look of your home and the convenience of not having to put up heavy plywood or storm panels too
All weather systems offers you 100% unsecured bank financing with no payments for 90 days and payments as low as 69 bucks a month
The impact resistant windows and French doors have insulated glass which saves you energy it reduces outside noises and the non breakable glass helps keep out criminals and burglars as well
All weather systems also manufactures a full line of accordion style shutters electric rollups and hurricane panels too
So give all weather systems a call today
Subuse a if the headache of putting up shutters protect your family from storms and crime and keep that house looking really beautiful energy efficient at the same time call all weather systems toll free
1 800 728 5126 they provide home protection of the highest quality with service reliability and professionalism comparable to none call all weather
1 800 728 5126 728 5126 for all
All
In March over nine times for radio 560 q a.m.
No the Affleck casting call all right Tom Broca
I broke off
Affleck again Tom Affleck one more time Tom
I'm losing a second part one more
Next my Tyson my Tyson yes my Tyson
Stop say what I'm saying I say what I'm saying
Affleck again again
Next Jesse Jackson Affleck
Affleck
Jesse I'm sorry but the duck is white
Next Woody Allen
This is not something to duck the talks stick to the script mr. Allen it's crazy to insanity great the line please
Why would a duck speak next the great Sean Connery sir. How welcome sir welcome from the colony
Welcome sir just read the line please Affleck
Excuse me sir again Affleck
Sir I'm sorry that second part of the line I don't I'm simply slaying Affleck
Next oh
God I guess we got Gilbert got freed over here all right give it to me Gilbert Affleck
I want more time Gilbert Affleck
Well Gilbert I pretty much hate you and I think you're terrible but you're the close thing we got you got the job
And here I thought the duck was white
1232 at 560 WQ and we got the mad dog he's fairly white he'll be long a one o'clock
Hancock three and then we got that ballgame stuff Dodgers in town
I bet you'll have like double digits to see them this weekend right any KF at baseball then
Joanne marked the dirty boys overnight who show is growing like an out of control wonderworm
Here's a very depressing oh by the way Chuck Fletcher fired as the GM of the Panthers Rick Dudley's
Anoo GM from Tampa they brought him in I just mentioned that in case anybody was sleeping earlier if anybody cares
Chuck Fletcher fired and got have a good life to it Chuck good luck to you you'll need it
Kind of a throwback to the a built-ory in the Murray days so he had to go clean house and then of course we got all these great youngsters in the organization
Hans my Dutch friend writes for the Morgan Neil well I like the way I said that that's how to put that's how to clean off that
No flun no that was very good that's how the Dutch really say it
Dude if you want to speak Dutch you got to have like 400 pounds of cheese in your system
He writes with tears in my eyes I watch yesterday on the Dutch satellite program what happened to him fortunately
Political candidate for the upcoming election you have to ask yourself how is this possible in a country like Holland where he can smoke a
Joanne in every corner of the street he laid for 50 bucks legally and speak your mind about everything somebody will listen
What's going on in this world mankind is out of control says Hans that's how he sees it
Everyone's being infected by the changes of order in the world you must ask yourself what's next
For the first time I wasn't very proud of being Dutch because our countries did for freedom tolerance and speaking your mind
And unfortunately this in his way and did make him very popular with certain groups democracy what is it stand for these days here in the
U.S. or anywhere else in the world Hollands been hit by the 9-11 syndrome and it makes us very depressed
Sorry for starting on a negative note today but simply I didn't tell somebody I thought you might listen which I did Hans and I'm with you
But of course keep in mind it's a very very isolated incident because you don't have a lot of crazy people running around with guns in Holland
And of course to show you when you have crazy people with guns people get killed
Because bumper stickers don't kill people crazy people with guns irresponsible people with guns kill people and little kids whose parents are responsible kill people with guns
And Hans says to teens to teens and also believe
Do we this is a beautiful story man reportedly offers to clean septic tanks for sex and guns Camden Arkansas speaking of guns there you go sex and guns
Now you know what I'm thinking of
You heard the suns maybe by any chance no hi I'm at you for it a you for it and some liquor and guns we have the largest selection of booze and firearms in the state
And will personally assist you in choosing the correct alcoholic beverage and weapons for your next outing going square a hunting then you'll love our low prices on
Snaps and hang grenades living in the city Chuck on our deal on hand guns of California one maybe you aren't interested in hunting or self defense maybe you just like to get drunk and shoot a failbox
Well, we've got gallon jets a while turkey and 44 magnum shells on sale this week only
We're open 24 hours we've never checked IDs and we're in our approved so come on down to Buford and liquor and guns where everything leans loaded
25 at 560 QM so anyway getting back to this very inventive guy in Camden Arkansas it says it's a dirty job
But somebody's got to do it authorities in the canton area say they're getting complaints about a man who offered to clean septic tanks in exchange for sex all right
Chief deputy Paul Lucas says they wanted to determine whether he's got a proper certification to service the tanks and the customers yeah
Aside from the sex for septic service deputy say the man's also over to clean systems exchange for guns
So he's kind of like a view for that guess right maybe his name is view for what's wrong with you and Arkansas wouldn't surprise me
What what's wrong with a little barter dealing are you mumbling again yes is that what they call tit for tat
Who's 130 votes on our poll quit mumbling 230 votes which are you exclusively heterosexual 124 54% just 20 52
22 and a half percent of course when they say just 20 that means anything that's moving maybe a fire hydrant they'll squat on it
Exclusively a homosexual 22 9 and a half percent desperate 17 7.3 percent
I thought clearance was leaving for the weekend and by bisexual 15 6 and a half percent very lucky people so anything that looks good they'll hop on it in it around it near it sniff it
Etc. So what is that let's see again 9 and a half and 6 and a half like a 16 right 16 percent okay a little bit high but I don't think that high I've always said it's about 15 percent gay and bisexual if we want to be honest
But nevertheless and also that includes people who aren't like necessarily either one but kind of like mess around even though George's believe such people exist
Anyway speaking of that J. Lo gets new address Miami Beach oh
Jennifer Lopez has paid 9 and a half million dollars for a base I'd mention on Miami Beach has started at North Bay Road sources familiar with the deal confirm yesterday
You got a big fat alright intruder there in the beach the singer in movie sterile have wide views of this game baby for her before her and a BG on each side
Barry and Robin Gibb brothers in the 1970s disco group that hit a big would stay in alive own houses next door to the 10th out this isn't a herald by the way if you wonder why it sounds like direct own houses next door to the 10th
800 square foot Mediterranean villainy 5800 block of North Bay Road singer Ricky Martin owns a house about eight blocks down the street are there going to be any straight people on it that's right I forgot the BG's have wives but they sure as hell you know they're part of that crowd though you know what I mean I know you mean they sing real hard
that 70s disco swishy wimpy a crowd landscape is yesterday they were trimming the grass outside the walled and gated Palazzo which has eight bedrooms 11 fireplaces a pool gazebo and dock
Lopez 31 closed on the property this week sources said her reported purchase comes as some are questioning whether the beach has lost much of its glamour and star appeal
the wall street journal last month the clearance out beach a tired scene in a front page article titled Madonna deficit noting that some of the areas residents celebrities have packed up and left oh what a shock
in Lopez the beach would get a Latin diva famous for barely their evening gowns and for South Beach club sightings with then boyfriend the anxious Sean Puffy combs
she met her first husband Ojani Noah while he waited tables at La Rios on the beach in 1996 then found out after they got married he was a fact a native of the Bronx New York with Puerto Rican roots
Lopez recently opened a Latin restaurant in LA and has a clothing line that bears a recording name JLo not to be confused with J-rod
she's staring in the thriller enough with Billy Campbell
here a power is publisher Hotion drive magazine the ultimate chronicle of beach glamour said Lopez's home purchase reaffirms Miami celebrity status
he noted that Will Smith and Janet Jackson were reportedly looking at property in recent weeks there and said too much has been made of sliced
the lo and Madonna's given up their homes here and don't forget about Ojane Kendall we want to forget that we lost two stars power said now we're getting some solid folks here
right like JLo it's solid man like rock it's like granite that asked now married to dancer Chris Judd Lopez lives in Los Angeles
according to the office of our publicist Alan knee rob a spokesman for knee rob said knee rob didn't know what Lopez had bought property in Miami Beach he didn't know nothing
Carlos Justo the listing agent and owner of the Wimbish right way wielders would confirm only that a sale closed on the property this week would not identify the buyer but the hero knows it's her okay
got it it's her JLo's coming to the beach let's hear it I really wonder about her you know what he won Janet Jackson what he wonder I wonder who wrote the book of law 1240 20 before one at 560 WQA I'm hey speaking of that you know I bet you I'm going to go and fight out that there are packages downstairs from me they I hope I hope like champion light like champion light because I'm out of it and of course PD Lenny he's out of town with a funeral that he's participating in now but I bet you just before we left in the middle of eight thousand
calls he made up here just babbling a bunch of gibberish I bet you that he talked to our friends of champion lights and he deals the Jones and for some great champion light it's good stuff man I miss it
champion light is the perfect drink because it's got all good stuff and no crap it's got all the electric lights for like after a workout but I'm like unlike
Gatorade and the other sports so called sports drinks it doesn't have any sugar it doesn't have any carbohydrates no calories no crap just good
great tasting stuff in six delicious flavors and now with sucrose or what is it Splenda it tastes even better than ever a brand new
and improved taste it comes in orange lemon lime grape and fruit punch and the new flavors lemonade and blue raspberry out of this world
so pick up some Gatorade some champion light whatever I just said what I just say champion light
and a place nearby you if you don't know where to get it just to call Jay Fidel of the spokesman of the organization
he is the official spokesman trust me when I tell you but if you can't get a hold of Jay or he's like to
BZ or just doesn't have any decline to comment just to check out their website they'll take exactly where to go
check out champion light dot com that's L-Y-T-E champion light dot
Marlins take on the Dodgers tonight it pro player
cover starts at 6.30 on sports radio 5.60 Q-A-M
I'm dying on the hand
I'm
Jennifer Lopez you've got huge buns hiding under it eclipses the sun
there are parts of you that will never tell nothing goes under your giant
and if the Lopez we're stunned no way
go again
we can't believe that your butt's widening
back home
let us know when it stops growing
I'll tell you what the F-100 big ass you wouldn't fear no more guarantee that 1246 at 560 W-Q-A-M
Broward Biz dot com I hope a lot of people have emailed them all the way down it
see I think the days of all of that you know running campaigns and getting people all whipped up
about stuff I think those days are done you know that's too bad well I'm just telling you people
are in different plus it's so hot down there you could like pass out in the corner and just
knock it up for hours at a time I just don't see people as being highly motivated do stuff like that
but the idea that the Broward Chamber of Commerce yesterday or whenever the hell they put this flyer out
was thanks to was yesterday is embracing the homeless voice people some of the most obnoxious
anxious and one of the biggest cults in the history of mankind and promoting this thing not
only embracing them into their institution and welcome is a member of the Broward Chamber of Commerce
but also doing a fundraiser for them tomorrow in town which we're not going to promote and talk about it
because we're grossed out by it you know I was talking to Joe Resoli about that event that
that occasion those people because you know he involved with the Hollywood Chamber and he tried
to join the Hollywood Chamber Mr. Kenone and they told him to get the F out of there and he threatened
to say when they said well get the no out of here anyway so he went and joined the Broward Chamber
back to what I said yesterday almost every municipality in Dayton Broward has called Sean Sean
Kenone get that out of here go someplace else because we don't want you here but for some strange reason
Broward County Chamber of Commerce embraces them and loves them and it's that went on because I guess
they think it makes them look good oh we're helping the homeless no you're not you're helping a
cult you're helping to raise millions and millions and millions of dollars and God only knows where
the hell it's really going BrowardBiz.com that's the email address for Broward Chamber of Commerce
and tell him to stick it but we hate them like poison okay and that's making a bad bad
mistake very sad and we love Joe Resolute on his show by the way from Roth Office Supply let's not
forget about good old Joe he's the best somebody once said we don't nobody wants another Joe but in his
case we'll make an exception because he is the best great guy how's my facts machine come which has
nothing to do with him this one but I just mentioned that again so you won't forget about it in case
anybody ever comes back oh that facts machine oh forget about it yeah the one that's supposed to be
up here the one that's on back order you know back order from like back before man crawled out of
the slime I think everybody forgot about it yeah study says boys cut mom's lifespan girls
prolong it well my mom sure would the disprove that theory she's gonna be about 110 pretty soon in
July and she had two sons how do you like that my son will be the death of me yet that's a
mother's lament that may have a kernel scientific truth researcher say a study analyzing family church
records in earlier centuries found that raising sons shortened the lifespan of finished mothers
about 34 weeks per son that's like more than half a year wow per son so if you're like six sons
that's three years daughters nurtured to adulthood help prolong mothers lives well isn't that sweet
so that means your wife's gonna live a long time unfortunately I don't believe that study because
my mother had four sons and she's gonna live to be 500 but that's only out of spite I know exactly
baby sons research is suggesting the journal science made a much greater physical demand on
the mother's body than did the typically smaller daughters in this may actually have shortened life
for the mother it seems that boys are much more demanding to produce them girls said Samuli
helly a researcher at the University of Turku in Finland and the studies co-author hella said
that conclusion is based on church family records kept in Finland for a nomadic people called the
Samai during the period 1640 to 1870 say he said the toll on mothers lives of having sons may not
apply in the area of modern medicine yeah how can they come up with a study that was taken like
three four hundred years ago nowadays we have better medical care helly said very very profound
samuli resources are not as likely to limit females lifespan there might be some effect that won't
be as huge as in the sandy people like sandy cabinet or sandy settlement got injured later the other
night the study concentrated on women of produced children and went on to live page as 50
now speaking of sandy settlement by the way goalie scope I just mentioned that game number five
that I know we got a lot of lead fans will listen to the show by five all my Toronto connection
they're out there on the edge of their seat waiting for the big game that I of course like I told
psychopat yesterday whoever won game four and Ottawa on Wednesday night they're going to win a series
I've been holding on to this thing for a long time because it just I don't know grosses me out
old spice it says just the name this is from the daily news by Leonore Schenasi
just the name conjures up masculinity kind of older masculinity maybe even grizzled maybe even dead
but no it turns out to 64 year old after shaving colonists all the countries best selling fragrance
and has been since its debut in 1938 I heard the mad dog talking about this one day and I can
I mean a macho guy like him admitting to wearing old spice maybe that's the reason I didn't think
anybody wore that anymore oh that is the nastiest smell and crap that's like you know that's
like it's like industrial strength right and dated like the article says it's the number one
selling fragrance in history says Derek Bowen old spice prime manager proctor and gamble
and now this venerable product is poised to conquer a whole new generation of red blooded American
males with white bees towelettes white wet naps the kind of swabs used to get with Kentucky fry
chicken except thicker quilted and impregnated with masculine sense such as old spice mountain
rush pure sport and fresh somewhere the ancient mirrorer is weeping it says and so is the
Marlon on his wall why does he weep it says while only one can respect a brand that's clearly
captured if not the American imagination at least the American man from his Adam's apple up
there's something perverse about encouraging guys to start swapping themselves sweet between
showers between rest stops could jack carewack have hit the road toting a tub of towelettes could
jack jack Nicholson do it most men come equipped with sleeves and that's what control a plenty could
be proctor and gambles never heard of pheromones those hormones that holler on mail I'm available
and I'm close by just ask your nose white swipe all of that out in other words I guess this
who a little or who wrote this column like skies who think she likes the smell of arm sweat
real men should not be freshening themselves with perfumed white bees fumes Scott Hildula
a dad in San Francisco in my day you wore a circle in your wallet with a rolled up condom
and a ring in your jeans from a can of snuff I pitted the sorry wimp who wears a hole in his pants
pocket probably dockers with a little perfume packet Chris Macklemore in Kansas is even more
disturbed by the development it's an encroachment on manhood he says the old spice audience is the
hardcore open a beer with your eye socket crowd they wouldn't be cut dead with a fancy up towel
ed it's like making a one-sauce pink or emblazing the side of a John dear writing more with images
of the powder puff girls there you go audio macho guys out there just say El Paso on the old spice
towel ed in fact if you got any sense of smell just say El Paso on old spice it stinks
252 at 560 wqm if you always put off going to the dentist because of fear because of pain or
neglect called dr. Renee Piedra and associates and coral geables where he offers you sedation
dentistry sedation dentistry by dr. Piedra will make you feel at ease while your dental works being done
you'll be sedated just enough to be unaware of the treatment being done you feel refreshed
and have little or no memory of what was accomplished dr. Piedra does all types of dental work using
sedation crowns implants cleanings fillings root canal other general dental procedures
years of dental neglect can be fixed as little as just a couple visits and dr. Piedra will make
you feel at ease while he's doing the work of his sedation dentistry techniques so don't be
afraid of the dentist anymore get healthy teeth and gums for a lifetime by calling dr. Renee Piedra
and associates learn more about sedation dentistry lancere questions just call 305 661 1812 dr. Piedra
is located at 4651 potsteadly on Boulevard just west of Lijoon Road and the prestigious Geables check
them out on the web at floridislickdenis.com or call 305 661 1812 that's 305 661 1812 for dr. Renee Piedra
and associates and be sure and tell them that Neil with a
spectacular we are number one
oh damn it this is 4205 60 E. She way
M
it's Friday you best
it started as a television hit the truth is out there scully it became a cultural phenomenon
come on molder get real then it became a little too predictable scully i tell you
the truth is out there whoa how did you know then it just kind of petered out with a bunch of
lackluster fill in stars until finally and mercifully they produced the ex files finale scully
i can see it what molder and alien ship no our final paycheck the ex files finale at last you'll
get the answers to questions that should have been answered at the end of the very first episode
grand it does the cigarette smoking man smoke if there's three of them how can they be the
lone gunman and how did zina warrior princess get into our show
the ex files finale sunday on fox where the biggest mystery is how did we ever get to be a network
and how do i manage to vest that every week profit
