College to now represent those until the QA has management staffers.
Now the Neil Roger Show on 560 WQAM.
Can beat that Gator me.
Now 560 WQAM presents the QAAM Road Group.
You reach people with the rest of the crew.
Visiting hours are 12 to 3PM on Sunday.
For tactical visits, 4 to 6PM only fear.
Now, here's people and the QAAM Road Group.
I'm sorry I can't get to your goals right now.
I'm a little busy picking up this trash here and the sighted a road.
Will you talk them to D-4?
Oh, just maintaining a little dignity here.
That's what everybody loves about you D-4.
Start looking busy, here comes the screw.
Hey, we ain't running a social club here.
Get back to work, get back to work.
Let's go.
Mr. Candy wrap over here.
Do what you're doing standing around for Hoyshies' weight.
I'm a liar, but you're right.
I can't touch.
You like bits, don't you?
Wrap that hammer and break those rocks to fit.
Stop breaking, stop breaking.
Do, D-4, pick up that diaper.
It's got dirty teeth.
Yeah, but I, you know.
What, what, what, what, you know, it seems what we have here is a serious,
to communicate. I saw that too.
Listen up, Deepo. Listen up, yesterday you may have been a big shot,
but today you're my bitch.
What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what.
Oh boy, we got a real mess over here on high here.
We got a mess baby. We got a real big bloody, smelly, gooey mess.
Here's a fact, right off the bat that says, you know something, when I came in here this morning,
I felt great and then there's a little something to happen, which I don't want to talk about.
But now I can't, do I even sound like me anymore, you know what?
I bet you my blood sugar is about 7,000. Feel like crap.
Anyway, it says your poll was manipulated again. Friday's Deepo poll.
Was that Jeff DeFraudis they're talking about?
Had it's ballot box stuffed.
Florida Gators message boards urgent like, like we don't already know this.
Florida Gators message boards urged online members to vote against them turning a sure vote of confidence into a mockery.
What, what does that mean vote of confidence?
Because you took this silly poll on Friday.
Therefore, it's a vote of confidence or not.
Like it's got something to do with anything.
Right. Like they're going to make a decision based on some poll of a bunch of people out there who have no idea what they're talking about.
In addition, which if I would ask the poll because they do do better poll than George, I would have given another choice.
The poll was should WKM keep Jeff, QAM keep Jeff DeFraudis.
Yes or no, I would have said I don't care because I don't listen.
Well, obviously that's what I would have voted.
Well, there you go.
But anyway, 18, 174 votes as soon as I turned that thing on her last night.
1877 now I said to myself something's a skew here.
I come to find out that these asshole Gator people, most of whom keep in mind don't listen to WKM.
Certainly aren't listening to the show online right now except that one chronic puts up there that we'll never put on air again from Gainesville.
But because Jeff DeFraud has made part of his claim to fame or infamy here,
a ripen of Gators and Steve Spurrier all the time, about 40% of his act I would say.
So therefore, in a fit of peak, oh, let's get on that poll and they put on the message boards.
And we've got probably about 1,000 people are voting on a poll who wouldn't know Jeff DeFraudis if he gave them their bookies number.
Thank God there's telephone, Steve.
Now good that we got telephone.
So even if you're like under house arrest and you got that thing around your ankle,
kind of like the Taliban guys in Guantanamo, you can still call that bookie, baby.
Now the good deal is he paid the Miss Mikhasuki's back 18,000 and something like that.
May I have to pay up to a quarter million dollars and fine?
Don't be frustrated.
I was not going to a good tip on it, the Patriot Stealer game next week.
How about that Tom Brady, baby?
That's my one goal in life.
Is to shake that man's gland a hand.
That's right.
He must have a pair of the size of Harry Elefonte.
Nice going, Tommy.
And just to prove to you here that QAMC, this is not a simple black and white issue.
This is a very complex issue and you know something?
The best way you can look at it is by saying a play on both their houses, including DFO and Greg.
Yeah, him too.
Because if anybody deserves this, it's Greg.
You screw people over and let me also say this.
How is it possible that Greg read and then Bluff Lindsay?
The leadership here at QAM and I say that with a leadership.
There were only two people in the building that didn't know about this.
There were rumors flying all up and down the hallway for days.
There was some scandal with DFO and it was going to blow up on our face and it was all over the building.
And yet Greg walks around with that usual, what me worried look on his face.
You know, with that big hole in his head, airing it out.
And then puts on this big act like, oh, what do you say to a Barry Jackass?
And he can't stop talking to Barry Jackass.
He can't stop.
This is why they both deserve whatever they're going to get.
Whatever the fallout is.
The problem is the rest of us don't deserve it.
And the proof of that I have in my hands right here, we had a great fall book which comes out Friday afternoon.
I come back yesterday after a nice weekend out of this toilet and there's a frantic message from Duff from our program director, Muff Lindsay.
Frantic.
She's down there in the keys.
So I call the cell number and sure enough after about 15 rings, after he puts the bottle down, there he is on a phone.
When you can understand he's under a lot of pressure.
He's under a lot of duress.
Nice duress, Duff.
And he's so hysterical, I had a hold of phone about three feet from my ear.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba, DFO.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba, you know.
I mean, there was enough deviousness here all the way around that it's a match made in
purgatory.
And oh, by the way, the book came out Friday afternoon and we kicked ass.
Morning show actually went up.
Well, it used to be the morning show now.
It's just guilty in the morning skeleton cruise, what we got.
Didn't I say you don't put somebody's name on the show?
It's been the first team from the beginning.
Didn't I say that a million times last week?
You don't put somebody's name on the show, especially a show like that.
Who'd want their name on that show?
If it was the first team, you know, the parts are interchangeable.
Like they always happen.
It's Jimmy Cifilis, it's John Moynihan, it's Joe Rose, it's, and speaking of Joe Rose,
I don't get it.
Here is another guy who left here under the nastiest of terms.
He's got a big heart on it.
Yeah.
Who told Greg that he was, in fact, that's what started this whole domino effect.
And you know, he told Greg months ago that he was leaving to seek his sports on Channel
6 to be like a TV sports mogul, maggot, whatever he's going to be.
And Greg and a fit of peak fires everybody on the morning show.
Gloves him out, calls up his little boyfriend, Barry Jackass, puts it in the newspaper.
Oh, these guys are fired.
They suck.
So instead of like saying, okay, well, we wish the best of luck.
We'll find somebody to stick in there.
He sends Joe Rose out there pretending that the guy is fired.
Ask him to stay an extra week or two because we didn't have the San Diego boot camp
wasn't the, you know, I didn't have all the pieces in place yet in that puzzle.
And Joe says, no, stick it up your ass.
Leaves this place.
And now guess what?
He signs to take up the weekend spots that Manage used to do.
He's coming back.
Is there anybody out there who, uh, who understands this?
Go fuck your behind.
Go back behind it again or under this whole deal with the morning show.
And Greg read blowing up this radio station is one of the most aberrant.
I've always said if it isn't broken, they'll try to fix it.
But this, this transcends anything I've ever seen in history of this business.
And then it winds up blowing up a big, big, big, gray space who still can't stop talking
to Barry Jackass.
He's probably on the phone with Barry right now.
In fact, he's probably got Barry sitting on his knee like, like Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy.
He's probably got him up.
Pa pa pa pa pa pa, you know, into his ear.
And Greg says we named the morning show after him.
It's very sad.
I'm disappointed.
It didn't come to us sooner about this.
He let a blow up up as a bomb on us.
Jeff, the fraud has dropped the big bomb on QA, I'm says, Greg read.
So there's no, nothing definitive to say when he comes right down to it.
But I will anyway, I'll do my best on Ravelet.
We got a mess.
10 minutes after 9 at 5.60 WQM, let me tell you about Oliomid right now.
In fact, I was shimmering olive oil on my feet last night just from the general ambiance
of this whole place known.
I was coming back here today.
I got out the big bottle of olive oil and I was shimmering it on my feet.
Anyway, in Europe, they've been using olive oil on their food, on their feet, on their
armpits, up their nose for centuries.
And now you can get the benefits of olive oil with Oliomid, a great new product.
Oliomid gives you all the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals,
and herbals on a soft gel capsule.
It's easy to take to help your heart, your cholesterol, your circulatory, digestive
endocrine system, your skin and bones as well as your mind.
Oliomid promotes help for your heart, your prostate, your blood pressure, your colon energy,
and mood balance, all using the benefits of pure olive oil like they've been doing
in those Mediterranean, European countries for centuries for a coons age.
Oliomid's got supplements for men and for women as well.
So pick some up, you'll find it available at Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro
Discon Pharmacy and Sedano, so if you don't see it on the shelves, just ask to store
and manage your tap monitor shoulder and say, hey, where now is it, man, where's the
Oliomid?
For more information on their products, you can call them tool free 866 Oliomid, that's
1-866 Oliomid, and ignore the products on their website, oliomedamerica.com.
Get the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil with oliomed Mediterranean wellness
available.
They say I love his tapoo, that what we're doing is wrong, but I don't care what they
say, because my love is so strong.
They tell us we should be ashamed, we're not husband and wife, but I cherish each moment
with you.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
You're my prison bitch, my prison bitch, you're not a lie, cut the men.
I'm glad we share a prison cell, where lights go out at things.
I can't accept the way I feel, now that would be a crime.
As long as I am doing you, I don't mind doing time.
Calls you're my prison bitch, my prison bitch, and I have no regrets.
I got you for a candy bar and a pack of cigarettes, at first you were resistant, but now
you're all my friends, I knew that I would get you in the end.
Oh, prison bitch, prison bitch, I guess that you were sent from a ball.
Yeah, prison bitch, prison bitch, and now you are my prisoner.
Oh, prison bitch, prison bitch, and you're a fat machine.
I only have open request, how about some gasoline?
I'm tired of this prison cell, I need to get away.
They sent me to seven years, now seven times a day.
I'm your prison bitch, your prison bitch, union fall, many luck.
Jimmy, I really hate these markers, that you said you were my best.
I thought that I could break away, but now I'm losing hope.
God, I'm tired of picking up the cell.
And all the other prison bitch, prison bitch, prison bitch,
cause I can hardly wait.
Prison bitch, prison bitch, prison bitch, when I get out I'm ready to go straight.
I know my prison bitch, my prison bitch, I'll never say goodbye.
You're not like all the others, too bad they had to die.
On the second thought I live, I'll say, if you won't be true,
your prison bitch, is never leaving you.
Ohhhhhh
HEiggle
Yeah I think I deceive myself
a até asshole
Can he call you?
Great
but you cannt get it
THEY'M GATE
Aalnope
lmao
χ
l
l
I'm 18 at 560 WNC.
If anybody thinks that I'm going to suck up to D-4 here today, you're wrong.
Or if I'm going to suck up to Grey Read, you're really wrong.
Like I said, it's a match made in Purgatory.
They both deserve exactly what they're going to get, which is living hell.
Here's a fact from Greg Hansen and Detroit.
But I'll Greg, my group, we up there at that station and Detroit, the overheads all screwed
up again, by the way.
That's why sounds so strange to me.
Do I sound strange to me?
Yeah.
No?
I mean, it might be down in the other room, but probably because it's been the weekend,
you know?
Anyway, Greg Hansen says, what the hell happened to the morning show?
I missed the start of your show and y'all, you know, I'm not bitching about anything.
I'm just explaining.
How come when I come on a year and I'm talking about whatever is going on, I'm bitching.
And yet if you or somebody else comes on a year, you're just discussing these events.
Because you're just a bitch.
Right.
Well, let's be side the point.
Hey, Greg Hansen, mine your business.
The show starts at 9 o'clock, which is another problem.
Look at that.
Wouldn't you have thought that after all this stuff and all weekend long of the article after
article and all the build up of this, there'd be this tremendous response on this when
I sat down here this morning.
There's not a call on the board.
Nothing.
So when I school and Greg, we just had, we just gave you.
We handed it to you.
No promotion.
No assistance.
Nothing.
And hand to you this gigantic fall rating book.
The morning show moved way the hell up.
Way up.
This show number one by a mile with a gigantic fall book.
It's part of the fact that George thinks the numbers are stacked against them in a summer
because they don't like him in arbitrage.
And Hank was number one in men.
Even got a little extra bonus in there because the station overall was number three in men
2554.
And so what do they do instead of like plug in somebody else in there calling into first
team and Joe Rose is gone and whoever else is in there.
Mark van der Mirr, somebody we got plenty of people around.
Instead of doing that, we got a general manager here who goes off the deep end, screws up
the whole radio station, unplugged my show at 10 o'clock which I've been on there for
a million years.
And here I am still doing the same thing that we did two weeks ago.
Talking to myself for an hour.
Here's our bogus pull result.
Should WQM keep Jeff the force and keep in mind this is a gator pull which is really juvenile
in the pathetic just like him talking all that crap about the gators all those years with
juvenile and pathetic too.
Nobody cared except for those little children.
Oh, it's the canes and the nobles except for those little college football goofballs which
is about you know 5% of the population or less we hope.
Nobody cared 1902 votes which would be a hell of a number if we were legitimate but it's
not.
Probably half of those coming from up there in Gainesville people would know this show
if you put out if you put out oozey up their ass they couldn't tell the name of this show.
Should WQM keep Jeff the afrotist no 1095 57.5% yes 807 42.4% and there's no way to tell
and not that it makes any difference anyway because nobody's going to make any judgment
based on that.
And like Greg Hanson in Detroit and any of his other muppets if there's anybody else that
was away for the weekend like I was sports broadcaster guilty and bribe scheme popular
sound Florida sports broadcaster Jeff the force admitted Miami federal court on Thursday
that he bribed Mickassuke gaming officials to obtain lucrative tribal TV contracts.
The forest 50 the dry wooded personality best known for his morning drive time blah blah
blah blah.
Pleaded guilty to mail fraud and a scheme in which he kicked back as much as 70 grand
to two successive marketing directors for Mickassuke.
Mickassuke gaming operations federal official set on Thursday.
Greg Reed WQM program manager said in the statement Thursday to force will be suspended
pending QA management receiving all the facts.
While the forest lawyer said QA was aware of the pending charges Reed said the station
was as caught by surprises all of you worth the developments regarding Jeff the force.
That must be because you got your head buried in the sand Greg everybody else in a building
was hearing about it.
The forest will be sentenced in March but prosecutors have already agreed to a sentence of three
years probation including six months of home confinement.
Yeah they got hit they got him in leg ties and chains or something like that.
Yeah they have one of those bright year to see your laugh but they don't have been
chains but what they got one of those ankle things around him.
Yeah those monitors just were monitoring you.
Eight hours of community service and a fine between two and ten grand he'd be allowed
to leave home for gainful employment or community service.
He also agreed to pay the Mickassuke's $18,312 for expenses incurred during the investigation.
And that's that.
But instead of waiting for all the facts to be discovered instead of waiting like do
it like a mench Greg Reed again Saturday morning there in a Miami
Harold and Barry Jackson's a fat face little column suspended the fourth might not return
to wqm and there's Greg talking to Barry again.
Bap bap bap bap bap bap you know Greg you're hopeless.
You're hopeless and here's here's the way I analyze it this is the way I look at it.
This is exactly what Greg Reed deserves.
He screwed over those guys you know so wasn't the greatest morning show in the world but
they were making him a lot of money.
They were making him plenty of money.
Ratings weren't great but they were okay they came back nicer in a winner book.
Everything was going along too well.
But instead of dealing with it like a bench, he goes off the deep end.
He fires them, not just fires them to their face, but fires them in the newspaper at Barry Jackson's column.
Then he says, oh, what you're fired, but you're rehired to stay around till we figure out what we want to do.
Knowing that they all had contracts and they couldn't go anywhere anyhow.
Of course, the problem is, D-Phone never signed the new contract.
Like a rocket scientist.
Haven't I been saying that?
That's what I've been hearing and out comes to find out.
He never signed a new contract.
So you talk about a guy who's doing the limbo rock at home with that thing around his ankle.
That's D-Phone.
And of course, once this whole thing went down and then they had their big powwow's in San Diego and their consultants came up with this whole cock eye today.
I'm trying to put a guy in here in the morning who thinks he's funny, but he's not.
And poor little Carolyn who wonders how the hell she ever got in the middle of this, I'm sure.
You know, to make a morning show out of that.
And so D-Phone, once he saw what was in it, he goes over and he starts sucking around with the other people in town.
He goes over to Fox trying to get a morning deal over there.
He goes over to FTL.
He wants to get on with them over there to get on a sports show.
Nothing pans out.
And so in their infinite wisdom with all this stuff going on behind their back, Greg Read and the Brain Trust here, they renamed the first team.
Jeff DeForest and new morning crew is what they do.
Now, didn't I say George, forget about Hulu, he's this small, but the big potatoes.
Didn't I say here on the air and everybody thought that I didn't realize the mic was open that one day during some kind of a promo?
I said, I think this morning show is going to blow up in Greg's face.
Didn't I say that we have it on tape more than once in there, I think.
Yeah, did it blow up in his face?
Yeah, nice going Greg.
You just haven't got your thumb on it, baby, your clueless, your clueless, Roma's burning and you're out there playing your fiddle and selling milk cartons into public.
Pathetic.
So I just, you know, I just don't have a clue as with the way I would say it right now.
We've re-engineered, we've re-enigged.
Can I say that on Martin Luther King day? Can I say re-enig?
No.
The whole station now based on the fact that the morning show and his estimation couldn't cut it for four hours.
Now we don't have a morning show, we've got guilty into the morning skeleton crew.
And then the best part of the deal is I'm not here on Friday and I find out from up yesterday who says it almost apologetically.
Guess who they stuck in there, we're going to Friday when I was out of town.
Chorraza, gatti, chorraza, gatti, chorraza, gatti.
Yeah, again, thanks boyfriend.
Who doesn't belong on the air to say good morning, much less to do a radio show.
The most boring, the most personality less human being in the history of human race.
Wherever you people are right now, there has to be a wall near you, a brick or something.
Take a look at it, that whatever you're looking at, that's got more personality than Joze Gatti.
And the only reason he wasn't on there this morning is because they know that if I'm in the car coming to work and I hear Joze Gatti on the year and a morning show,
I'll turn around and go back home. And that's a promise.
It's one thing to follow a week show, it's another thing to follow no show, dead air.
And believe me, the way we're going in this 9 o'clock hour so far, it looks to me exactly, that's what we're doing.
Thanks a lot Greg. You got exactly what you deserve, a good stupidie ass.
26 after 9 at 5, 60 W2QM. Let me tell you about our friends at Dallamaxious, 1-800-Matras.
You know what, Neil's been at some of that diet food again.
Anything for the internet, Carolyn? Welcome back to the morning sickness crew.
We've only talked about sports at a rapid pace.
Hold on to your full no-forced laughter here.
Hey, you think that's good. When I was at the track last night, a horse I bet on was so slow, that Jockey kept at Diary.
What was that Carolyn about the girl that was raped in the Harry Kane's locker room?
Oh yeah, yeah. And thanks for making this studio smell better, Dutz.
Okay, we got Latrean comics on the line.
Hi Latrean. Hi Latrean. Hi Latrean.
Hey, you made estimates, they will end up out of knockin' down the white of the old portrays in the 380 marker,
whether it's the mother smirk.
What am I saying, if you ain't having those 3D in the Dallama, you'll be out of the mind of each time.
What did he say?
Hey, you made a mistake when I tell you.
Two prominent celebrities, like the white and white saloon, who can come with their camera.
Came with their outfit, I used to go to God's hair.
We're gonna lose their company next year.
Anybody from Latrean would want to give him a lot of cash, so that you won't take the next country.
We gave him, we got a two-wordy dude.
We'd record for the demon, a lot of girls, we lost him, put it in the city, what's he like?
We lost him, we lost him, we lost him, we lost him, we lost him.
Thank you for your call.
Yeah.
Okay, it's time for another funny interactive comedy bit for right of you, Goldie Horn.
So, Goldie.
Yeah.
Not you, Goldie.
So, Goldie, what's your take on college athletes who aspire to play Shmere the Queer?
I think there's a responsibility.
Hey, you got something against playing that.
No, no, no.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
How you raised your child?
I take a bridge to what you said about Grab Soccer.
Sounds like a real ice queen if you ask me.
Yeah, like your wife.
Well, let's not get into that.
Oh, look, we got the guy with the eyes for the third time today.
Hiya, Kenny.
Ah, Goldie Horn.
Thank you for your call.
Think this more fun than cutting your balls off with a serrated scissors.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
9.33 at 5.60 W.D.Q.M.
Happy Monday to a Happy Martin Luther coon day.
That's our poll today.
I noticed that everybody's all up in arms, or at least four or five people.
Four or five politically correct people.
Oh, how come all the businesses aren't closed today?
The banks are closed.
Are the banks closed?
Are the kids out of school?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
We got a lot of people in this place who were taken off like, like, uh, muff.
You know, here Rome is bringing him up.
He's a nice guy.
He's a nice guy.
He's a nice guy.
He's a nice guy.
Fiddly.
Yeah, he's a nice guy.
But anyway, our poll question.
It should be more business and be closed from Martin Luther King Day.
Here are your choices.
Yes, just like any other major holiday.
No, it's only a holiday to pass if I blacks.
And no, plenty of businesses stay open on Fourth of July, Labor Day, et cetera.
That would be my vote.
If I'm in business, I'll stay open whatever the hell they are.
I want to stay open, right?
Especially with the economy, the way it is right now.
Especially if you've got a lot of that in-run stock.
And how come those people aren't all in jail already?
Here at D.F.O. has got to do, uh, what is it?
Four years at home with an ankle-loved bracelet on.
And Kent called his bookie.
And in the meantime, these in-run people, well, uh, they got serious Kenneth Lase says this.
You know, that's Kenny Boy.
Yeah, that's what the bush bush in his buddies.
It was Kenny Boy.
And then as soon as all his crap started coming down, oh, he was for Ann Richards.
We don't know if that's about him.
Kenny, who?
We don't know who that is.
Right.
Who the hell are they?
So that's our poll question, Eric.
Also, I'd like to rip the crap out of new times.
You pseudo-intellectual schmucks over there.
What a bunch of assholes, man.
Bruce Ye Rock, our good close personal friend, faxes me.
And where the hell is the review?
Oh, here it is.
And why would they be reviewing that anyway?
It's not a CD that's, like, a commercial CD.
Maybe they released it as well, regardless.
In their reviews of CDs in the, uh, January 17th, 2000 to addition of new times.
Jeff Stratton, who must be a real...
He's an asshole.
Humorless putts.
It says, large-scale political events often elicit Yankevic-ish-saturic songs, but
Pembroke Pines-based Ye Rock productions ostensibly patriotic, Jehod Rock falls well
short of even Weird Al's low standard for Whitten Humor.
I got news for it.
Weird Al and his best day never did anything like Jehod Rock.
Ever.
Did he ever do anything that good?
No.
No.
Using the most stereotypically offensive voice imaginable, Jehod Rock swipes Jehod Rock for a
forced chuckle or two or not, got my beard and my long white smock going to the Jehod Rock.
Jehod Johnny is considerably less memorable and terrorist nightmares, if possible, is
even less.
So if Jeff Stratton or Real Bluno's piece of crap at new times who should only croak a wicked
death.
We will bring great Satan to his knees all along.
Hey, Mr. Sallie Van Kim, if Dan Lodin, if he's ain't no, we're gonna drop a phone.
He has a super fair for Holy War.
He's going to the Jehod, don't be late.
Coming in from every single terrorist state.
How bully am I, Rocky Run?
I'll be strapping on my suicide bomb, let's rock.
Raise all the legs rock, got my beard and my long white smock going to the Jehod Rock.
She had two says to Hamas four, kissy boys ready for a Holy War.
But that two says to martyr three, come on and give some women and children with me.
Let's rock.
Raise all the legs rock, got my long white smock going to the Jehod Rock.
Been Lodin hiding coming out of his cave, Taliban monkey satirant and rave, black male women
begging in the crowd.
But buddies only know ladies and loud, let's rock.
Raise all the legs rock, got my bloody white smock going to the Jehod Rock.
Quick Hamas, throw an out scene and check latest American truth position.
Going to the Jehod, don't be late.
Coming in from every single terrorist state.
How bully am I, Rocky Run?
I'll be strapping on my suicide bomb, let's rock.
Raise all the legs rock, got my beard and my long white smock going to the Jehod Rock.
Go into the Jehod Rock.
She had two says to Hamas four, kissy boys ready for a Holy War.
But dad two said to Martin three, come on and kiss women and children with me.
Let's rock.
Raise all the legs rock, got my beard and my long white smock going to the Jehod Rock.
I'm going to the Jehod Rock.
Bring them to the Jehod Rock.
Kill the impidest wine, kill them all.
Kill them all.
Okay, I see that the beast is in a control room now.
Reven is a bellying, but you ought to be rubbing it after Friday's performance,
that the rumors that he ate all the food from Friday's a balance for life thing.
That was supposed to be for the entire day.
You don't be shaking your head, there's your buddy in there,
gave me the spy report, ate all of that, and that was before Ruth Chris showed up with the sandwiches.
And then when diving into those.
And now he's like, first he's shaking his head out, now he's laughing with a red look on his push.
Man, and wasn't that the day after I was talking about fat people in denial?
Yeah, tub.
21 before 10 at 5, 60 WQ, and look, I will bring flowers to your funeral, okay?
Just let's like your friend that croaked with this guy, never making it to 30, not even close.
Trust me, not a chance.
The baccalaire of Prudomo, home of the world,
in fact we'll bring you big fats to guard too, how do you like that?
Just like Bobby Hall gave that big fat one to who to give it to?
I don't remember who the hell it was too.
I don't know, I don't care.
Oh, to Steve Iserman.
Tobacca, Lerop Prudomo, home of the world's finest of guards,
is inviting you to the grandest of guards during all of a sound Florida.
They're located at...
It starts at 230, only on sports radio 560.
QA, yeah.
Greg Hachew.
Okay, 16 to 10 at 560, QA, yeah.
See, I'm more concerned about one thing.
I mean, Defo, you know, he's not going to go to jail,
he's not going to get any hard time, so to speak.
He'll still be able to get on a phone with his bookie,
and you know, he'll come down on, at least one foot sooner or later.
I'm just concerned that this just muckles muck...
What's the word?
Muck, that's muck, yeah.
Yeah, that's the one.
F, with a couple of the other letters I had in muckle.
It just muddies up the waters that much worse at a place where already
everybody's drowning over here now because Greg had a got an affidavit peak
like an overgrown child and the screw and blew everything up.
He's talking about Defo blowing a bomb in his face.
You a big, blew a big bomb in everybody's face here.
Greg, and let me finish what I started to say before.
Here's this great fall book, Gigantic Numbers.
Big, big fat money making oozing numbers,
and you know what, you can do a kid of wife or zanz with it.
Because he had a mess with success, like a child.
If he would have stuck Mark van to me or in there, or the beast,
or somebody, you know, in-house, and I'm not, and I'm not talking
about this list, the rest of these people that Barry Jack has,
it builds in for, do we want Bill Zimper on there?
Get out of here.
Keep him in Philadelphia.
Get out of here.
Maniac.
Who else has he got on there?
Some other Craigman or Vini in the Big O or Lando?
Then we just hear about what a disaster was during the holidays
with the Big O and Joseph Gacchi on there.
Didn't we hear that?
Greg's screaming with the worst radio in the history of the business.
But you keep talking to Barry Jack, see, this is the problem.
He can't talk to the people who work here to their face,
like me, or DFO, or Joe, or anybody else.
So he goes and talks to a little Barry because that's his level.
You know, they say water seeks its own level? Well, guess what?
Greg seeks his own level too.
And he's found it. Barry Jack asked.
A little putz.
They must have a great rapport those two.
You know, can you just, would you like to be a fly on a wall here in those conversations?
Well, so Barry, what do you think I should do now, Barry?
Well, Greg, mommy's here with lunch now. I'll have to call you back.
Pathetic. Just tragic.
Oh, here's a scathing DFO hating facts.
I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to pee on him while, you know, myle's down.
What's the point of that? But I'm also not going to gild the lily.
Because when we were at WIOD, he pulled the same crap.
Now I'm not talking about the felony stuff.
I'm talking about screwing over the management.
And then in this case, they deserved it. But over there, they did not.
Paxton had bought the station. We're over there in a nice new building.
Everything's going long and in.
This station comes to DFO and they're, they're, you know, wooing him.
Well, he did the same thing with me, but I had an out in my contract and they made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
And like a schmuck, I came here. But in DFO's case, he left them hanging.
He just left them hanging. Instead of going in there like I didn't say, hey, guess what?
You assholes. I signed with QAIM. I'm going to be out of here within a matter of months.
And then of course, within a couple of weeks, they said, okay, we'll pay you off. Get out of here, please.
And I said, thank you. Bye-bye.
No, DFO, what he does is he tells his good, close, golfing and drinking buddy Steve Nichol.
Well, I'm thinking of this. I'm thinking of that. But I haven't decided yet. I'm going to begin. This is on our Friday.
Remember that day that they have him that'll live in for me?
Leaves the guy hanging. Comes 515 for the sports cast. Is there anybody there? There's nobody there.
Steve Nichol has to wind up being the afternoon sports guy because DFO just bailes out and comes over here.
Doesn't have a conversation. I mean, not like a bench, like a, like a devious, underhanded schmuck.
That's the way you do things, DFO. And now you're paying the price.
So I don't have any great pity for him. I have pity for us.
First, the fact that they named it Jeff DeForce, then the new morning crew. And what did I say?
It's going to blow up in Greg's face. Didn't I say that? I'll say it again. And again, we have it on tape.
Many of you heard me say that right on the year, which I didn't tend to say it. And I'm glad that I did.
You could smell it.
And so here we are with 9 to 1, which you know, like I said, I like it not here 1 o'clock.
It's almost 10, already 3 hours will be gone. You struggle for the first hour. Every guy a damn day.
I made your struggle. But you know, do the best you can. Take the money, including that bonus money.
And now you can write it on your calendar. George has got another bonus coming.
This will be another game that they can play. This is among the long list of lies that they tell here.
When I had my meeting with Greg, I read in his lawyer and my lawyer about 10 days ago about some stuff contractual with us with me.
And Greg sat there, you know, I was picking that hole in his head saying, well, you know, Neil,
you say a lot of things about me on the year that aren't true. And his lawyer, Alan Fertel, who I wouldn't wish on in a Heinrich Himmler,
his lawyer says, oh, yeah, I could make a list here on his yellow pad. Well, you know what, Greg, you're absolutely wrong.
Everything I say on the year about you was absolutely 100% true. Right.
I mean, why waste of time now rehashing the whole list of sad, sad business? And by the way, today is January 21st.
You know, that check a mind that paycheck when I was over in Amsterdam, he said, 24 of the bill, that did I ever get it? No.
No. Did they ever come back here so they could come to me with the return novel open, say, hey, look at this. They were, no.
No, must have just gotten lost in the mail. Maybe when they stopped payment, they also stopped delivery somehow. That could be it.
Here's North Miami Beach. Hello.
So speak with Fort Tongue. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, you're great. Neil, you make the drive to Fort Likardale.
Yeah, yeah. Oh, we're picking up right where we left off Thursday. I thought these people were going to talk about what's going on here.
You don't, you see, that's not a call to a talk show. You're great. You make that. I'm not interested in that. I'm interested in talking about what I've been talking about here for almost an hour.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Well, let me vote in our poll. And I'm not voting. It's only a holiday to pass the five blacks. Even though that is true, we don't have any gay holiday.
We don't have like Oscar Wilde or Rock Hudson or Paul Lindt Day, but we got to have a black holiday. Let's see, five. No, it's only a holiday to pass the black. Nobody's voted yes. No plenty of business.
Stay open on other major holidays like the fourth of July and Labor Day and even Christmas day now. There are places that stay in certainly on New Year's day because a lot of people want to buy booze on New Year's day.
What's that place that stays open every day even on holidays? Micah Sookie.
Here's Sunrise. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. Yeah, those gator people would know Jeff DeFarris from DeFarris Kelly, the old guy from Star Trek. Right.
You know Peter Lynch from Fidelity Investments. No. Well, okay, it's a big time investor guy. He talk about businesses, what they do stupid.
They've called it de-worseification. That's the diversification. That's when a business goes away from what they do best.
Deforestation? Whatever. You know, if you like, you make great hamburger, they go, hey, let's try making airplane parts now. They do that all the time.
That's what you guys are doing. Trying to make it a morning zoo or whatever they're trying to do.
I have no idea what they're trying to do. I don't think they do either. And now at this stage of the game, I just hate to think what's going to happen.
They shouldn't try to go after a hour's journey. They should keep a meat potato sport show that people can talk about.
And that's it. And then go to you when you were there. Well, they had looked. They had to do one or the other. And right now they're not trying to do either one.
They should have continued with the first team and plugged somebody else in there with a, with you to kept the continuity going.
And obviously the rating show we had a lot of momentum going or they should have just blown the whole thing up and put on a rick and such or Bob and Tom or something like that.
You can't, you can't have a show that's neither fish nor fowl. Exactly what they're doing. Right.
One more thing. I got a great, when you got a guy trying to be funny, who's not that it makes it that much better.
One more thing. I got a great L.A. Times article. This came out in December. This guy can't hand me building a Christian museum in Kentucky.
Yeah. The fit of sense he goes. Life size dinosaurs with the history of the theory that Adam and Eve lived along T. R. X and a biblical, blissful Eden.
Free from violence animals in the meat meat in the garden of Eden. This was in the L.A. Times. Nobody talked to you about this? No. It's true. It was also in the, I don't think anybody in this audience reads the L.A. Times. I can't imagine.
But it's Christian George Bush believes in the same thing that dinosaurs lived in the garden of Eden. Yeah. And he does too. Have a great fight. Fight. Fight.
I mean why keep restating the obvious and also people will believe him for details. We'll believe anything. You know what?
That's expedient to make their case. Adam and Eve. Anybody over the age of three believe in Adam and Eve? I don't think so.
Here's Miami. Hello. Happy Bargloom. The King day and back to you. You know, I was thinking a great place. You know, the people who got to do 80 hours community service. Yeah. You see these guys picking up papers along the side of the road. Well, he can go to one of the tracks and pick up all the, you know, he's already been doing that. Pick it up the losing tickets. He's been doing it for years. He's been turning those tickets over. Hey, how about those Patriots? Yeah. How about them? Nice going time. I love to. You know, it was even greater yesterday. I don't know. I noticed this is sports, but that knows where I'm going. I'm going to be. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I
know me. So I'm going to
be a little bit more of a careful to. Now, at chipee pitch this afternoon I said, what's that and down government oneros chat?
are you kidding
uh... how is that possible
i know george george was on it all day right
bandage you know he he was he was he was with a little bit than a sports
birds
you know what's your date uh... what's your date on the
you know your station stands for nothing
uh... okay thanks for the good news although hank was number one and then by
a long shot and i'd like to remember nice going back to
right
yet a big book and you want to know why that's because i'm back from vacation
from another extended long two week vacation
or how about that goes for that summer vacation whichever
so hank went zooming up there from a four point o to a six point three from
number seven number one and that even with a gambling talk with what's your
take
all that other crap
but i can't believe you know how how could you be on the station doing any
kind of a show and just uh... slide by and i'm a time i don't believe that
do you believe that
i would know
no i know you don't listen to what i'm just asked you believe you must have
an opinion
get him out of here okay that piece of crap
certainly a lot of fun at the goal go kakla su him in the hallway that p d
linnie
last who has asked for all and lock him up put them down there and go out
on a mo
i'm actually having
pop up up up up up up up up up up up up
you know something if our sales department was good of a job of servicing the
few accounts we got on the year as they do of uh... running around the hallway
pop up up up like that
then we'd uh... we'd be in good shape
would be doing the same copy of the doing for last five years
about accounts
let's do that mika suki spot
the mika suki spot
and did you ever see that show course you have what i'm asking you
on sunshine
no the mika suki uh... gambling show with jeth deforeston whoever else i had
cappellin whoever else he could we don't know that was going to the track that
afternoon
what i showed the fall
no one is somebody had to pay somebody to put that thing on here
here's a marathon hello
deal
yesterday and back to you
i hope this kind of place come back rotten prison for the rest of his life and
they take every penny that he's made over the year
and that
what is your w bus unit the great right wing christian freak five six seven
o five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t line here's for a lot of
the whole
okay happy uh... martin the king day
then back to you sir
i'm kind of happy because i work with a lot of these hercans all day long so
i'm kind of happy for them to be home
yeah
kind of a vacation
so anyway y'all have a good day okay y'all too
here's north Miami hello
uncle me yes
it's a guy that's about to hurt
so let's move along let's move along that call isn't worth dignified let's
move along what do you got
what's up with you
five six seven o five sixty that this is just astonishing
shocking
amazing
but i still get paid either way you know what i'm saying
nine fifty six four minutes till ten at five sixty w two a
looking for a creative gift for somebody's birthday new baby maybe to
celebrate valentines day
well do something really a personal differences you're in surprise with a
bear gram gift from the vermontetti bear company
just called one eight hundred eight two nine bear
and a friendly bear council will help you choose from over a hundred
handcrafted bears for any occasion personalized just for them
and delivered in the colorful gift box with a card in chocolate
you can choose from bears like the new baby bear
with the baby's name and birth date embroidered on the bill they've got bears for
hobbies and occupations like the nurse bear and teacher bear for valentines day
be sure to ask about the heartthrob bear
wearing silk boxes with red hearts of the brand new undercover bear
instead of sending flowers and a beautiful vermontetti bear which will be
enjoyed forever you won't believe the reaction you'll get a guarantee or to
now have the bear delivered overnight or they'll hold it and deliver your
bear right on valentines day if you prefer so call for montetti bear company
tell me you'll turn to call one eight hundred eight two nine bear or shop
online at vermontetti bear dot com the vermontetti bear company call one
eight hundred eight two nine be eight
