I'm sorry I'm waiting to see in there.
Don't look okay.
I'm making.
Are we supposed to close the door, will you?
I can't.
Don't go looking in the door.
I spread my legs when I splash.
My cheeks are touching the floor.
The want nobody to see me like that.
I'm sorry.
I'm reading the paper in the handicapped store.
Please don't come in.
No.
Woohoo!
Bees and galdies.
Mark and Joe.
Who has come in?
I am Harry.
Can Kate come on?
I...
Reagan or Hayes?
Fabulous.
I'm just a sister.
Man door chin.
I am.
I...
I can't close the door.
Because I can't see.
Woohoo!
Don't go looking in the door.
I'm driving toys in the world.
Please don't turn around.
Try to ignore.
I'm trying to do something.
I'm in here making with my pants on the floor.
Next to my chin.
Woohoo!
Finally done.
Hey, there's a handball broke.
There's a handball broke.
My chin's getting up.
It's not there.
It's not there.
It's not there.
It's not there.
See you, Pally?
902 at 560 WQM on Happy Young Kipper, too.
Yeah, this is a day that everybody turns out to be George.
Isn't that amazing what a skeleton crew we got today?
Although George is back from being sick.
Good yon to feel you.
Good yon to feel you.
Unhappy you on Kipper.
Don't say happy you on Kipper because it's the day of a tommon
and we're supposed to be very solemn today.
And not even.
We're not going to be eating today.
Although I'm going to have cheeseburgers for lunch after the show.
In fact, maybe I was going to say maybe order Wayne Arnold
but I'm second thought in your condition.
No, no, please don't tell me with that today.
Carlos could eat it.
In fact, I got a better idea.
How about little old caboose?
I'll cut all that stuff out of your system.
That'll be turned you loose just to the what?
By the way, online detective blows.
Oh!
Let me just tell you that right now.
And I blame you know who I blame not just my own stupidity
because I am stupid.
But I blame the audience.
And that's another reason we don't take calls anymore
because we get so much bad information.
Many months ago back in those horrible days
we were taking calls on the show.
We had a call one day which I'm sure you remember.
And the guys going on about all of these online detective services
and you can find out people's social security number
and their shoe size and their mortgage payment
and their credit card numbers.
And I was very skeptical at that time.
I thought that just can't be.
So yesterday I'm on their downloading some stories.
And here come all these pop-up ads again.
I don't want to get Carlos all bent out of shape
but his ad aware.
If you keep downloading ad aware refreshing it
like every 15 minutes I guess it's okay.
But the pop-up stuff just won't stop.
In fact when you install something like that ad aware
the pop-up ads go away for about a day.
And then the next day they come back with the vengeance.
Like I told you before the show.
It's like getting something really bad and taking one anti-biotic
and not finishing the rest of the prescription.
Speaking of anti-biotic Georgia is feeling better.
No thanks to his doctor who also sucks.
Maybe your doctor is busy doing online detective.
Maybe he's behind that scam too.
That would be a good excuse.
Press from what you're telling me.
His whole medical practice is a scam.
So why not?
So anyway to make a long story short
one of the pop-up ads yesterday.
Well I'm just downloading some of these stories.
And I talked to myself.
I remember the guy calling in about that.
I think I'm going to check this out and see if it's really true.
Do they have my social security number and shoe size
and my mortgage pay all this other stuff.
To make a long story short three credit card numbers later.
I mean really I'm a moron.
Did I ever get the registration number?
And I emailed them a couple of times.
Well you didn't send me this.
And a guy whose name is Jeff Fan Dine.
Who must be the whole operation by the way.
Because I noticed in this one hostile hysterical letter,
which I'll get to in a second, that's the guy they named.
And he emailed me back.
Well we did this and we did that.
And then I emailed again saying,
hey still have no registration number.
And so to make a long story short I had a cancel three credit card numbers last night.
Just to make sure that they don't wind up charging a whole bunch of crap on there,
including their service, which is crap online detective.
Let me tell you right now a little warning.
All you people like to pock your mouth out of line.
Everything sounds great.
Okay, when it sounds too good to be true,
or it sounds really, if it's reputable like Amazon.com,
or eBay or something like that,
and you know it's like a real legitimate thing,
then that's a different story.
But if it's one of these command deals,
the odds are overwhelming that it's a crank.
It's just a fraud.
So there's a website, www.badbusinessbiro.com,
about all the different ripoffs.
And there are a whole bunch of these letters on there.
Here's one that says why online detectives should be arrested, ripoff.
And there was another one they all ought to be in jail.
So if you want to go stupid around in the people's business,
go get a pair of binoculars.
But don't sign up for these online detective things,
because at least this one is a full of crap.
Nice going there, Jeff. Van Dine.
You piece of turd you.
In fact, the one guy says,
he says,
for a search of my brother,
it hasn't been heard from him in eight years.
The only information they could provide was what to do
if I was ever to move to Texas.
They couldn't even locate me,
and I have a listed phone number.
I own my home for over three years,
and they already had my address.
And they still couldn't find me.
How do you like that?
Great. That's pretty good detective.
Okay, I'll pull on Friday and over the weekend.
We asked,
who do you think is the most dangerous person in the world today?
Who is the most dangerous?
Be afraid. Be very afraid.
Yes, Sir Amaphart is there at the bottom of 38.
He and Shiroan were like neck and neck nose to nose.
And, boy, can't you see that? That nose to that nose.
Aerofart 38.
Aero-Shiroan 41.
And then we started to move up into the real contender.
They were also ran. They were small potatoes.
The Pope, 119.
And Miguel says to me,
how come you're putting the Pope on the list?
We're still going through that with Miguel.
I thought I talked to that boy.
Oh, I mean, he's a wonderful guy.
And he's, you know,
done a lot of work for us for nothing,
all that stuff.
And he looks really great,
but a little slow.
Anyway, the Pope 119.
Osama Yamama made a lot of 161.
Like I said, Friday,
I'm sure he would have had a lot more votes.
If we knew if he was dead or alive,
that might help.
Because, you know,
if you're dead,
you're not as dangerous as when you were alive.
Well, I don't know.
Except in South Florida,
where the, you know,
the voters, in fact,
the voters who are dead
are more dangerous than the ones who were alive,
because they're generally the ones who swing the election.
Right.
By the way, Janet, you're still loose.
We'll get to that.
She's, she ain't going to get it.
Good.
No, she's not going to get it.
I know.
I mean, they tried desperately.
They went to Xavier Suarez House.
They got the list of all the dead people.
And they had each one of them vote three times.
And they still couldn't put her over the top.
You lose, Janet.
And all you idiots out there,
all you Democrats have voted for Janet.
You've got to death wish.
You keep voting for people who can't win an election.
God damn it.
Bill McBride,
he's our man.
Oh!
He may be a Yahoo.
He may be from Tampa,
but he's going to beat you.
Bush in November.
You marked my words, man.
You're going to kick his ass.
Anyway, Osama 161,
Sodom Hussein 304,
and winning the poll in the landslide,
George W. Bush.
Oh!
465 votes.
41.2% say.
GW is the most dangerous man
and the most dangerous person in the world.
How do you like that?
I like it.
Yeah, we know how you voted.
And so did I.
Here's our poll today.
Eric was telling me last night,
if I'd fax him the poll before the show,
would it make it a lot easier?
Yeah.
I didn't do it.
I didn't do it.
First of all, we had to spend George and I had to spend 20 minutes
this morning unscrewing up the goddamn connection again,
because every goddamn...
See, the problem at QM is everybody's got a title.
We have too many chiefs and no Indians.
Everybody's got a...
Even like Carlos, we even get paid in there.
Carlos is like the chief intern associate,
the computer, you know, Wiz.
Yeah.
Everybody's got a title.
But there was nobody to get anything done.
So every time we have a dolphin game now,
which...
By the way, how about those patriots?
Oh, man.
That time, a Brady undressed the Jets,
yesterday, just picked them to pieces 44 to 7,
while your dolphins, by the way,
held on desperate.
Desperate.
And if the quilts would have had, you know,
any sense of what the clock was doing at the end of the game yesterday,
they might actually pulled out a tie and sent that game
and overtime was pretty embarrassing there at the end.
But they just kind of took their time out of clock,
was ticking along to make sure they didn't have time to catch up.
They might have had like three more plays,
if somebody would have kicked them and he has.
But how about that time a Brady knows patriots again?
Oh!
That stealer win was no fluke.
Nobody wants to believe in them.
But anyway, even George.
So here's our poll question today.
How do you feel?
I interrupted myself.
I was talking about the fact that we couldn't get to them stuff on,
because every Sunday now we got a dolphin game.
And two hours before the dolphin game,
there goes my audio.
Now, is that half to half?
In other words, the way that they have it hooked up,
there's no way that I can hear.
Because that deprised me the chance to hear Mo call on dolphin right now.
Are you asking me?
Oh, technical question about that.
Well, no, but you had to go in there and unscrew it up this morning,
which we had a great difficult time.
It took us 20 minutes and there was all that echo and a reverb.
And of course today being a young kipper,
being a Jew holiday, everybody's Jewish.
So we got no beast.
We had no Robert Grieper.
We got no Mo.
We got no Geldie.
And they had somebody just came off the street to run the board for Zagaki this morning.
You're suggesting that they only record the dolphin event,
including the pregame show on one medium.
Yeah.
That's what we have there.
We have several backups.
Right.
We have to have many backups because we certainly don't want to lose that stuff.
Because that's the bread and butter.
That's the meat and potatoes that QM is developing it.
Not this show.
This show, hey, we get what are like the phone thing over here.
Does it work?
No.
Of course not.
Once you take some calls, Neil, can't.
Not that we want to, but we can't.
You wait till tomorrow when we're going to have like,
and we got some big news coming tomorrow by the way I can't tell you what it is today.
I could, but you know,
clearance is ego is like, I don't know.
He's, he's, he's, he's,
Put one toe on the ground.
Okay, sweetheart.
Put down the humontime.
And tell you that on the wrong holiday, you're supposed to be fasting today.
I'm fasting to one o'clock.
In fact, you know something just out of spite.
I might, during this next break, I might run the other room
and get some other refrigerator.
Ridiculous.
So anyway, it took us 20 minutes.
So Eric, I'm sorry I didn't have time to fax you the poll,
because we were busy trying to see if we could get the show on the air today.
And this is going to go on all during football season,
because the engineering department number one sucks.
They won't like put up a memo when they're saying whoever the board off is like,
like at midnight on Sunday.
You know what I'm saying?
Midnight Sunday night.
Like make it automatic.
Punch back.
So Neil gets the audio.
Punch back to the way it was before.
Even if you should see all the things that you're going to do.
Why not you sign like the return pot?
Remember the return pot getting shot off in the other room
that nobody's supposed to be in anywhere.
Yeah, the return pot.
Right.
And that's your time?
Bring it back the cage.
They had so many seeds in it.
All over the place.
And it was a regular one anyway.
Yeah.
George Schells, a regular one.
So anyway, the bottom line is that we spent 20 minutes doing that.
Here's the poll.
I'm sorry.
How do you feel about GW's plans to invade Iraq?
Five choices.
This might take a minute or two, Eric, because there can't.
Choice number one.
Let's rule, Sodom has to go.
Choice number two, I'm forward if our allies join in.
Choice number three, I'm forward even if we have to go it alone.
Choice number four, I'm against it, the timing smells of politics.
Or choice number five, I'm against it, the U.S. should never be the aggressor.
Don't you think that pretty much covers all the bases? I think one in three are similar.
No. There I go again.
When you stopped, that was just like that fair thing about the job you did.
That pull came out pretty good for you and you just can't stop.
That's me. Yeah, just keep in mind, even with your fever and your crafts that you have.
Just keep in mind, pull is not your expertise.
How do you feel about GW's plans to invade Iraq?
Let's rule Sodom has to go. I'm forward if our allies join in.
I'm forward even if we have to go it alone.
I'm against it, the timing smells of politics.
Or I'm against it, the U.S. should never be the aggressor.
There's your choices on our very, very important poll today, okay?
Because it's not a question of if, it's just a question of when.
We're going in, man.
Because they get a lot of oil or two, which I'll get to those stories.
A lot of good stuff today. Reno closes the gap, but she still loses.
Sorry, honey. Get back in your pickup truck and get lost.
913, and by the way, you hear that alien that wants to see you.
913 at 560 W.C.M. The beast is up to 54 pounds, by the way.
You weren't there. You were busy being sick there.
I'm not a note here. You were busy being sick there the day Friday.
But the good news is the beast is lost 54 pounds on balance for life.
Summer's just about over.
So you don't have to worry about bathing suits, but how about worrying about the rest of your life?
How about worrying not just about looking good and putting on some real clothes,
but also saving your life? How about your health?
That's what it's all about, really.
Balance for life is the great way to do it.
Because there's no more cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries,
no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting, because they do all of that for you.
They bring you a little black sack right here doorstep by six o'clock every morning,
like they've been doing for the beast last several months,
and inside that black sack is all the food you're going to eat that day.
No little tiny containers for a purer-keyed, nothing frozen, no crap,
nothing artificial, but the freshest and the best, most delicious ingredients,
three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks are in there,
along with a little 60-nose bottle of water.
And of course, some days you might even have a tough time finishing all the food.
The only choices you have to worry about making are between two alternatives for every meal,
each day that you're on a program. They give you a little menu sheet,
and you pick out what you like.
So that balance for life, helping lose those pounds fast, painlessly, and the delicious way.
Call them today and get started. No time at all.
You'll be watching those pounds fly off your fat-dying body.
Call 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29, 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29, or check out their website at balanceforlife.com.
The only way is to get a full meal sheet.
I'm not going to get a full meal sheet.
I'm not going to get a full meal sheet.
I'm not going to get a full meal sheet.
I'm not going to get a full meal sheet.
I'm not going to get a full meal sheet.
I'm not going to get a full meal sheet.
I'm not going to get a full meal sheet.
I'm not going to get a full meal sheet.
I'm not going to get a full meal sheet.
I'm not going to get a full meal sheet.
I'm not going to get a full meal sheet.
I'm not going to get a full meal sheet.
I'm not going to get a full meal sheet.
I'm not going to get a full meal sheet.
You want to drink me?
Like a sweet thing.
It's funny.
That's why.
Yeah.
You got a nice hat.
I got noose for you, Pellie.
I'm still spray.
Why are you all up top of my shirt?
Oh.
I got a stand tied open.
I want the red ball.
I'm not pretty.
All right, my open wide for junkies.
Let's sing that together now, shall we?
Okay.
Open wide for junkies.
All right.
That's my connect, honey.
Okay.
Yeah.
That's my mom.
Yeah.
Use your lips.
Okay.
Don't sit up.
I should.
Don't sit up.
Okay.
You ready for some pretty evil love?
Sing out again.
You're not supposed to mean that.
Yeah.
I really tell her that.
This will make you guy now, don't I?
Before the girls.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mother, take it away, boy.
Boy, you're just going to leave me here.
It will be right back on 5.60.
I feel so used.
9.20 at 5.60 QAM.
Seven votes.
The poll is up.
Let's roll.
Sadam has to go.
Correct them.
Heads got the four.
I'm against it.
The timing smells of politics.
Two.
I'm against it.
The US should never be the aggressor one.
Seven votes in a preliminary total.
Maybe we should save those votes for Janet.
What do you think?
Reno closes gap to 56.85, but probably will fall short.
Miami-Dade County continued finding votes yesterday.
Even his Browards tally remains stable and Janet Reno's hopes of beating Bill McBride for the Democratic nomination for Governor.
Seemed to fade.
All right.
By last night, officials from both campaigns confirmed that the latest tally's in date had given Reno a net gain of 2,500 11 votes.
But McBride still holds a 5,685 vote lead in advantage that may be difficult for Janet to overcome.
The former US Attorney General's best hopes now rest in more than 265 date voting machines that still have been examined.
But because many of those machines weren't used on election day, the prospect of fighting more encountered votes inside the maybe slim official set.
I guess if they weren't used on election day, the chances of finding many votes should be pretty slim, okay?
Okay.
But you never know.
Not in Dave County.
Oh my god, we just found 10,000 votes.
They don't expect there to be many more.
Dave Mayor Alex Penga-Puccini said late yesterday.
Reno said she won't contest the election no matter how close the vote when County send their final members to the state tomorrow.
And results said to be certified this Wednesday.
And then we can get on with it.
Okay. Finally.
Thank God.
As they continue making every kind of cross the comment about Florida and deservedly so on every goddamn show, even the animals, even on those goddamn animal channels on the digital cable.
They're making sniggering comments about the damn state of Florida.
So anyway, getting back to my book, which you missed the good stuff on Thursday and Friday.
Yeah, the book for Bidden Truth by John Charles Brissard and Guillaume Descay.
I'm going to read just a few more pages today, which I read the forward in the introduction.
I'm not going to read the whole book on here. Don't get panicky, although probably would be a good idea.
Probably get Tom Jacob said, by the way, Tom, great articles over the weekend.
Tom's got 15 articles a day now to make up for the fact that I ripped him.
And they also took that cooking thing out of there again.
At a boy, Tommy, he's got 30 articles today. Now he's writing to make up for last time after I fingered him for the fact he doesn't write anything.
And all they had in there is the Sunday Q&A's and the cooking schedules. That's pretty heavy duty, baby.
After the 1979 hostage crisis at the American Embassy in Tehran, the State Department's most important objective in the region was to support the pro-Western monokees in Wiken, the Islamic Republic of Iran.
From then on, American security analysts wanted to contain the Shiite spear of influence in that region, supporting radical Sunites like the Taliban was an excellent way of accomplishing that.
Other more economic reasons drove them to such a position.
Starting in 1991, various American oil companies, including Chevron, Chevron, became heavily involved in Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan and Kyrgyzstan, as did happen Russia refused to allow the musids pipelines to transport those energy resources to oil terminals.
By 1994, all the elements were in place to transform the Taliban into the peacemakers everybody had been waiting for.
One man would meet these expectations and with instrumental and soliciting outside help to bring the Taliban to power. Naturally, it was an oil man.
But Carlos Bulgeroni is not Saudi Arabian or Pakistani or American. He's Argentinian.
He's the president of Brita, the fourth largest energy group in Latin America, based in Buenos Aires and founded after WWII.
In the 1970s, Brita became a world player. With India and Pakistan on the brink of war in 1991 and 1992, Brita's executives reorganized the necessity of forwarding partnerships with new executives in the former Soviet republics, especially in Turkmenistan.
From their offices in Islamabad, the envisions of stable Afghanistan run by leaders who were willing to cooperate with them so they could build oil and gas pipelines connecting Turkmenistan to Pakistan.
Bulgeroni stuck his first deal with the government of Turkmenistan in January 92 to exploit a gas field in Dalatabad. On March 15, 1995, he brought together Pakistani and Turkmen officials who signed an agreement in principle for the construction of a pipeline crossing Afghanistan.
At that point, Bulgeroni invited other oil companies to join his business venture, including Unical, one of the largest oil corporations in the US.
The Union oil company of California was founded in Santa Paula in 1890 and changed its name to Unical in 1983. One of the success stories of the energy industry became one of the direction of its president Roger Beach, one of the world's largest independent oil and gas producers in the 90s.
A savvy business man beach immediately recognized the potential of Carlos Bulgeroni's offer, so much that he decided he could do without Brita services and invest in the region without their help.
To improve his bargaining position and get financial backing, he enlisted the help of another group, the Saudi company Delta Oil. On October 21, 1995, executives from Unical and Delta Oil Center signed an agreement with the president of Turkmenistan based on gas exports evaluated $8 billion, which included a plan for the construction of gas pipeline that would cross Afghanistan.
The cost of the undertaking was estimated $3 billion, at that point, support for the Taliban was not only geostrategically important, but it was an economic priority.
Meanwhile, the Saudi secret services of GID led by Prince Turkey Al-Faisal decided to give massive financial support to the Taliban, most important providing them with communications networks, but also with dozens of Japanese manufactured black pickup trucks with tinted windows.
Saudi Arabia withdrew support for the ethnic Uzbek and Tajik factions, who quickly found themselves without means and lost ground.
With unanimous support, the fundamentalist stormed Kabul and took power on September 27, 1996, much of the general side is fact of those around.
If these leads to peace, stability, and international recognition, then this is a positive development, said a delighted Chris Taggart, a Unical Vice President.
The months between Unical and Delta's deal with Turkmenistan and the Taliban's takeover of Kabul saw an unusual amount of interest from the US, which had left the region for dead, after the Soviet withdrawal in 89.
It was represented by the likes of Robin Raffi, all the US Assistant Secretary of State responsible for South Asia, and the US Republican Senator Hank Brown, a supporter of the Unical Pipeline Project, as well as a recipient of campaign donations from it, a long time friend of Pakistani interest on the Senate floor, and a member of the Influential Senate Subcommittee on Foreign Relations.
Both justified the interest by expressing their fears of regional instability and humanitarian disaster, and we sure know that there was nobody more humanitarian than the Taliban.
Brown tour in Afghanistan's rival strong holds book with all-waring sides and invited them to attend a conference in Washington later that year.
At the conference, which Unical helped to fund, he said, the purpose is to seek advice about how to rebuild US interest in Afghanistan and help the Afghanis develop their own peace initiative.
Raffel expressed similar sentiments when she visited Afghanistan, a few months before the Taliban seized power in April of 96, we continue to be concerned about the humanitarian situation here, and especially concerned about the political instability and potential for its spreading in the region.
Another comment of hers, however, suggests that the US renewed interest wasn't entirely humanitarian, we're also concerned that economic opportunities here will be missed if political stability can't be restored.
Perhaps what she had in mind was that Marty Miller, president of Vice-President of UNcowell, told the Washington Post when he revealed that his firm had plans to build two mammoth pipelines across Afghanistan to carry oil and gas from Turkmenistan to Pakistan, but all potential sources of financing have consistently advised us that there will have to be a single-ended-day governing Afghanistan that has international recognition before the Olympics.
While the US may have positioned itself as an independent mediator, the Qabani government then besieged by the Taliban accused the US of ignoring Pakistan's support for the Taliban.
What is important is that the US despite the fact that the new Pakistan was arming and supplying the Taliban, remained silent on the issue Qabani said.
Their silence ended tentatively after the Taliban's takeover.
Glenn Davies, the State Department spokesman said the US could see nothing objectionable about the brand of Islamic law, the Taliban had imposed on the regions that controlled while Senator Brown chimed in.
These fellows are deeply religious and strongly anti-Soviet.
And as the journalist Richard McKenzie recounted in the New Republic two years later, in one encounter a few months before the Taliban entered Kabul, a middle-level bureaucrat at the State Department pushed on his couch and tried to convince me that the Taliban really wasn't such a bad bunch.
You get to know them and you find they really have a great sense of humor, he said.
Yeah, they have a great sense of humor. That's why they dress like that.
This movement that even the government of Iran denounced as medieval.
Back in the US, members of two of the most influential foreign policy research institutes took up the Taliban cause.
Barnett Rubin of Afghanistan, an Afghanistan specialist on the Council on Foreign Relations had this to say in October of 96.
The Taliban do not have any links to Islam's international radicals in fact they hate them.
While Zalmeh Kalizad, a senior strategist at RAN corporation, was served in the State and Defense Department of the Reagan and Bush Administration and UNICAL consultant urged the United States to engage in the Taliban.
Based on recent conversations with Afghans including the various Taliban factions in Pakistanis, I'm confident that they would welcome an American re-engagement.
The Taliban does not practice the anti-US style of fundamentalism practiced by Iran.
It's closer to the Saudi model.
The group upholds a mix of traditional Pashtun values and North of Oxygen to protect the peace of Islam.
How eloquent. Only a month after taking power of the Taliban, we're already talking about the Islamic Emirates of Afghanistan and how they owe their respective respect to the Saudi fundamentalist dictatorship that supported them financially and especially the religious leaders of that country who espoused an ulcer orthodox and reactionary brand of Islam.
Mohamed Omar proclaimed himself spiritual leader in the summed the title of Mullah, then the Taliban similarly executed the former pro-communist president who would take and refuge at the UN premises in Kabul.
One is a couple more paragraphs, but I better do the breaker. We're going to get way into behind.
Okay, just calm down. 928 at 560 QA. And well, hey, it's Todd Drekken. He's Jewish today, and he asks right hand around so we certainly don't have any copy.
Anyway, if you want to become a computer professional, start making some serious books. You know where to go. Fast train.
This is the only school that's got four convenient locations in Dave Brown, including the new one in Kendall.
They've got the certified Microsoft instructors waiting for it, convenient evening and weekend classes when it fits into your schedule.
And they've got a full-time job placement department with over 30 years experience, getting you placed in the job where you can make some serious books.
And they can get you completed with that program and certified in just four short months.
So if you're tired of your dead end job, if you're tired of working for a bunch of assholes, here's the deal.
Pick up that phone and call fast train today. 1-866 fast train. The call is toll free. Ask away the behalf and answer all your questions. No obligation.
1-866 fast train or check them out on the web at fastrain.com. And when you call, be sure and tell them Todd Drek told you to call.
Live in local. We're sports video 560, healing UAM.
Sit for a while.
I'm 34-560 WQ. I'm happy Monday to you on Happy UM Kipper.
How there's like two pergress love to chapter three here. Can I do it now? Okay.
Are you find this pretty interesting on that riveted at the end of the terrible Afghan winner 97.
The Taliban's call seemed to be heard with the religious malicious controlling almost 90% of Afghanistan or like sports and diplomats posing as businessmen were already on site.
The pipeline project was on the way to realization. Unical expanded its teams and as well as Islamabad sending several representatives to Kabul and especially to Kandahar, the stronghold of their new and precious allies.
The U.L. company didn't skimp on expenses in any area. It offered $900,000 of the Center for Afghan studies at the University of Nebraska, which spent the money funding various education infrastructure projects in Kandahar.
Eminent figures joined the charitable enthusiasm among them was Gerald Bordman, the former director of the Pressure War Office of USAID, US Agency for International Development, who opened the school to train some 400 Afghan teachers, electricians, carpenters and pipefitters to help Unicali the pipeline.
Robert Oakley, former US ambassador to Pakistan, was hired to oversee the diplomatic division of this Afghan gold mine. He set up shop in Islamabad in the offices of scent gas, a local consortium created by Unicale.
On the Saudi side, in addition to Delta oil, all of the princely families wanted a profit from the new Taliban leadership, which was bringing order to the region. As for Bridas, after Unicale's betrayal, the Argentinian company was eager to find new partners in approaching the HarkoA Saudi company with close ties to Turkey Al Faisal, director of intelligence for the GID.
That's yet a chapter three in that book forbidden truth really ought to go on by its paperback and it'll give you really, you know, it's for the people who want to really understand what's going on in the world. It all comes back to two things, money and oil, oil and money. That's what it's all about.
In fact, in yesterday's Washington Post writes, Dan Morgan and David V. Onaway, in Iraqi war scenario, oil is the key issue.
Oh, not amazing. However, time anything it has to do with Bush and Cheney and Cheney and Bush, that three letter words he's coming back over and over again, OIL.
OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL
OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. OIL. Great Atlantic Airlines
SHEIA PAGE Good-ind�. BEH-TA. Sydraoil. edition deep reeds sa'mor 237想所
France and Russia have oil companies and interest in Iraq.
They should be told that if they are of assistance in moving Iraq to a decent government,
we'll do the best we can to ensure that the new government and American companies work
closely with them.
But he added, if they threw in their lot with Saddam, it'll be difficult to the point of
impossible to persuade the new Iraqi government to work with them.
Indeed, the mere prospect of a new Iraqi government is fanned concerns by non-American oil
companies that they'll be excluded by the U.S., which will almost certainly be the dominant
foreign power in Iraq and the aftermath of Hussein's fall.
Representatives of many foreign oil concerns have been meeting with leaders of the Iraqi
opposition to make their case for a future stake and to sound them out about their intentions.
Since the Persian Gulf War in 91, companies for more than a dozen nations, including France,
Russia, China, India, Italy, Vietnam, and Algeria, have either reached or sought to reach
agreements in principle to develop Iraqi oil fields, refurbished existing facilities, or
explore undeveloped tracks.
Most of the deals are on hold until the lifting of UN sanctions.
But Iraqi opposition officials make clear in interviews last week that they will not be
bound by any of the deals.
We'll review all of these agreements, definitely, said Faisal Karagoli, a petroleum engineer
who directs the London Office of the Iraqi National Congress and umbrella organization
about position groups that's backed by the U.S., our oil policy should be decided by
a government in Iraq, elected by the people.
Right.
Ahmed Chalabi, the I.N.C. leader went even further, saying he favored the creation of a U.S.
led consortium to develop Iraq's oil fields, which have deteriorated under more than
the decade of sanctions.
American companies will have a big shot at Iraqi oil Chalabi said.
The I.N.C., however, said it's not taken a formal position on the structure of Iraq's
oil industry in the event of a change of leadership.
While the Bush administration's campaign against to saying that presenting vast possibilities
for multinational oil giants, it poses major risks and uncertainties for the global
oil market according to industry analysts.
Access to Iraqi oil and profits will depend on the nature and intentions of a new government,
whether it recommends a member of the organization of petroleum exporting countries, for example,
or seeks an independent rule for your Hopax cartel quotas, will have an impact on oil
prices and the flow of investments to competitors such as Russia, Venezuela, and Angola.
While Russian oil companies such as Luke Oil have a major financial interest in developing
Iraqi fields, the low prices that could result from a flood of Iraqi oil and the world markets
could set back Russian government efforts to attract foreign investment in some pap domestic
fields.
That's because low-world oil prices could make costly ventures to unlock Siberia's oil
treasures far less appealing.
Russian Cheney have worked in the world business and have long standing ties to the industry,
but despite the buzz about the future of Iraqi oil among oil companies, the administration
preoccupied with military planning and making the case about whose saying's potential threat
has yet to take up the issue in a substantive way according to US officials.
The future of Iraq group, a task force set up at the State Department does not have
oil on a list of issues a department spokesman said last week.
An official with the National Security Council declined to say whether oil had been discussed
during consultations on Iraq that Bush has had over the past several weeks with Russian
President Poon-Tang and Western leaders.
On Friday, a State Department delegation concluded a three-day visit to Moscow in connection
with Iraq and early October, US and Russian officials are to hold an energy summit in Houston
in which more than 100 Russian and American energy companies are expected.
Representative Kurt Weldon, Republican and Pennsylvania said Bush is keenly aware of Russian's
economic interest in Iraq, stemming from a $708 billion debt that Iraq ran up with Moscow
before the Gulf War.
Weldon, who has cultivated ties close to Putin and Russian parliamentarians said he believed
the Russian leader will support you as acting in Iraq if he can get private assurances
from Bush that Russia will be made whole financially, in other words, get their money back.
Officials of several major firms said that were taken care of avoid to avoid playing
any role in the debate in Washington over how to proceed on Iraq.
There's no real upside for American oil companies to take a very aggressive stance at this
stage.
There will be plenty of time in the future, so James Lucia, an oil analyst with potential
securities, but with the end of sanctions that likely would come with Hussein's ouster,
companies such as Exxon, Mobile and Chevron, and Texaco would almost assuredly play a role
in this official said there's not an oil company out there that wouldn't be interested
in Iraq when analysts said.
I need to understand.
It's just a coincidence?
Yes, of course.
Good.
73 votes on our poll.
How do you feel about GW's plans to invade Iraq?
I'm against it.
The timing smells of politics.
30.
Let's roll.
Saddam has to go.
25.
I'm forward to our allies joining in.
8.
I'm forward even if we have to go at alone 5.
I'm again at the US should never be the aggressor.
Say 5.
My life and law.
This is for 20 or 5 60.
You weigh in weigh in.
So state of the art sports book.
You can wage on every major league baseball game and even the winner of next year's Super Bowl.
The Royal Oasis Casino has all the Las Vegas action you want with Blackjack, Craps, True
Let and Slots.
And for you golfers, don't forget your clubs.
The Royal Oasis Resort in Casino has incredible challenging courses waiting for you.
Go for the day the night or stay the weekend.
Call 1-800-432-2294 for reservations for the best deal and best time in the Bahamas.
That's 1-800-432-2294 for reservations at the Royal Oasis Resort and Casino.
The Miami-Towel Friends Tegam, the New York Jess Sunday.
Freedom of rolls to the right looking in zone throw short.
Come quick.
Come down.
Cuts down.
Randy Miss Michael.
The first gets underway at 9 AM with Goldian Countdown to kick off.
Howard Dvenid and Jim Manage have to play by play beginning at 1.
Here on Sports Radio 5 6-7-7-7-8 AM.
Longing 50 dollars.
This fall television changes forever.
His talent like it is style has already impacted millions of Americans.
His appearances on Oprah have propelled him into the National Line Light.
Get ready for a Doctor Phil.
Well Phil, please amary 28.
Don't cry.
I'm not crying.
Look at me when you talk.
I'm looking right at you.
Your problem is you're stupid.
No, he's me, my husband.
You got a big butt too and you're stupid.
Why are you crying?
You see, I don't have any sympathy for you.
You're wasting me my eyes.
I'm here in the 80s.
We haven't had sex in my 10s.
Why wouldn't that sex with you either?
Look at the can on you.
Doctor Phil.
The problem seems to be I come home.
I want to watch TV.
Don't tell me about you.
Tell me about her.
Well, I'm not trying to tell you.
She comes into the room.
No, tell me what she does.
Tell me what you do.
I sit in the chair and I have the TV on.
No, she comes too busy watching TV is your deal.
That's what men want to do.
We just want to watch TV.
You can't do it.
Well, I want to do it.
And you can't do it.
See, your problem is your dumb.
You're a dumb, watching TV.
Excuse me.
I said you're a dumb.
Don't lie.
I'm trying to help you.
You're on my show.
You don't have your own show.
Do you?
You need some of this.
Oh, I'm out there.
Go.
Idiot.
Oh, Doctor Phil.
He's just...
Now, why are you talking so quiet?
You see, already I can tell you're a pushover.
But he just doesn't know.
Don't tell me what he does.
But I just don't understand why.
I've got some of this for you too.
Some of this.
Doctor Phil.
This is for you.
He go, Mr. Nonsense.
Boy, there's some love for you too.
Okay, so today's the big day.
Oh!
I know you're excited about that.
Oh, yeah.
In fact, I got my record.
It's a good, damn good thing.
I don't know how that came out.
I always played a little bit of that for it,
because you were out last week when I played it.
And I said, oh, my God, guiding lights on at 10 o'clock this morning on CBS.
And I ran in the other room.
I put on CBS.
And I started my VCR rolling.
How do you like that?
So I can watch a commercial free life between one and two while I have it a couple of cheeseburgers today
and honor of your own Kipper.
And then from three to five, you can turn your TV off or find anything else.
Because Dr. Phil, back to back,
would have found disgusting bitch with his partner in crime between a three and five.
Oprah.
We'll give you a bed indigestion.
Give you a really bad.
So Friday, Cliff Gorman.
You know who Cliff Gorman was?
No.
Neither did I.
Because we were talking about how famous people generally die in threes and Johnny and I did.
And Kim Hunter, the actress who was black ball, they died.
And then Miguel words out Cliff Gorman.
I mean, in the middle of some story I'm doing here, Cliff Gorman.
What?
Who?
Cliff Gorman.
Kim Hunter died?
She's dead.
Oh, man.
Exactly.
That was my feeling, Johnny and I just and Kim Hunter, two very famous people.
She was a good actress.
But she got black ball because she was a liberal Democrat.
And of course, back in the early fifties, it was the McCarthy era.
Tommy Pinkov.
Exactly.
The early fifties, just like, you know, the old Cubans are living right now, 50, 60 years ago.
So anyway, they died and he's trying to say Cliff Gorman in the same category.
I said nobody knows who that is, including me.
So I do a search on the internet here and I find out one of the movies he was in was Hafa.
Can you see Hafa?
No.
You didn't see it?
No.
And so once again, my psychic power is going to work again or it was just a coincidence, which is more likely.
Yes, what movie was on?
I'm one of my movie channels over the weekend.
Hafa?
Yeah.
And I'm sitting here Friday thinking, well, who now was in that movie?
It was very well done.
And it was Jack Nicholson who played Hafa looking, well, how do you know, right, if you didn't see it?
I saw the previous.
And he didn't look anything like Jack Nicholson.
It was the only movie he was ever in that I can think of where he played a totally different role.
And the makeup was incredible and he looked a little bit like Hafa.
It was certainly nothing like Jack Nicholson.
And he was in there.
And he was in there.
And he was in there.
It was good.
I watched it again over the weekend.
Good movie.
So I just mentioned that and Cliff Gorman is still dead and we still don't know who he was.
Okay, just real quickly because you were out for two days sick.
And anybody else who missed when I was reading this forward from this book for Bidden Truth?
Just one or two sentences.
First in where it's talking about the Bush's close advisors.
First in rank was the placid and agmatic condolese the rice, even glossy celebrity magazines that were interested in her listing the same pedigree each time.
Professor Ritz Stanford, Soviet Specialist and former Security Council under Bush Senior in charge of Soviet affairs.
Meanwhile, from 1991 to 2000, Rice was a director of the Chevron group, one of the leading oil companies in the world in which he notably dealt with questions related to developments in Kazakhstan.
I just read that again.
I don't know what inspired me to do it just in case you missed it the first time.
Okay.
Okay.
Just a coincidence, don't you think?
Yeah, of course.
You're trying to make something of that.
So these three clowns who of course are now making the rounds.
They were on with the Aaron Brown.
You know something.
And I wanted to fall to the ground.
Man.
They were on again Friday night and they're going to be on with King tonight of course who's going to look there as all three of them including the one with that spot down is head.
These three punks and it's very obvious as you try.
Of course a tea set.
She said, I say we give the congressional Medal of Honor to you in a stone just like I said on Friday while we're sitting here the whole South Florida area once again in a state of terror.
Paying in our pants and the media doing their usual terrible job and all these three guys and then they got a press conference with their relatives.
Oh, we think this is terrible and our sons are being and our brothers are being held in the other and they never stole a freight train.
They didn't do nothing.
Well, maybe if they wouldn't open up the stupid mouth and made those comments which of course now they deny because they know that it's proven that it was fraud that they were going to wind up in big, big fat trouble.
So now it's you know just their word against serves.
Three against one.
Follow what I'm saying.
I thought.
So what chances for you as stone god who like I said even though she's kind of a Yahoo broad from Georgia deserves because she was doing what they keep telling us to do beyond the alert.
We got a freaking orange alert.
Open your ears.
Open your eyes.
Open your rectum and find out what's going on around you and that's what you was trying to do.
Right.
Looking at an on conversations if anybody's wearing a doily on their head.
Right.
That's right.
And maybe she was a little bit of a yanta which is what Miguel suggested which he's probably right but whenever the last.
Suppose they would have had a lot of bomb in that car or a bunch of boxalism or whatever they would have had.
And now they're why I know oh well now we can't go to school that's good.
Good go to school in South Dakota.
They got plenty of white open spaces up there.
Okay see how they like you.
Like I said go to school in British Columbia not like in Vancouver but way go to school way up in northern Ontario would be good or way up in Quebec.
Or how about a newfoundland would be good.
So anyway the hero rights on Saturday and I noticed that they caught something with Paula that I caught right here on the year on Friday when she said it and I took her to task right on the year when we're carrying the audio from CNN about well you know there's the nuclear power plant at turkey point is only.
Yeah and she says it's only a couple dozen miles east of where this is taking place.
Well guess what Paula you better get out your measuring tape again okay bitch.
Because this was this was all taking place just barely east of the alligator alley turnpike inference there are Naples right.
And to say it's only a couple dozen miles and what is that is the crow fly.
It's a hundred freaking miles across okay just stupid bitch just so anyway it says in the herald.
And if it's an arrow that could be right it seems like everyone connected the dots here WSD and Fox seven anchor Christine crew said during the six hour of the marathon coverage of Friday's bombscare on alligator alley it seems like everyone did what they were supposed to be doing.
Like a lot of what was said during the coverage that was about half right television reporters were certainly connecting dots lots of dots some of them seemingly from another planet but if journalism is about facts and not hyped then they definitely weren't doing what they were supposed to do.
Friday's coverage was the source of a staggering amount of misinformation among the inaccurate reports several stations reported that a woman in Georgia told police three Middle Easterners were coming to mind me to blow something up that's not what you said several also said cops spotted them after they were passing a tool with an i 75 one car rolled by the normal rate of speed the other stuff and paid the tools for both cars.
Bucking a half each by the way three bucks the cops used explosives to detonate a suspicious nap sack found in one car they didn't channel seven reported that explosive triggers were found in one of the cars there were no triggers or anything else to do with explosives channel seven also reported the cops researching for a third car they weren't.
It was a wretched performance worse yet a wretched performance that dragged on for eight hours terrorizing south Florida and smearing the daylights out of the three medical students who can be counted on the contribute heavily the next edition of the travel guide of what sucks about south Florida like I said though they should have kept their mouth shut.
This is what's wrong with local news and bill pohoming news director channel 10 one of the two stations that kept their perspective on the story and stuck with regular programming WLTV Univision 23 was the other this is why viewers get disgusted with local news.
He said my only quibble with pohoming is the word local the worst parody of journalism Friday was actually on CNN where the high paid low rated anchor Paul is on speculated without a jot or tidal of evidence that the three men were coming to Florida to blow up the turkey point nuclear reactor now you know I see an end promotes her sex appeal rather than her news judgment local stations at least had the excuse that when you go live for six to eight hours you got to fill out the airtime with something especially when the pictures are dull shots of cops standing around empty automobiles at best that stuff will get on the year without the being in the air.
The most agregious offender was as you expect WSVN 7 where it sounded like the staff had a whole anchors Christine Cruz and Tom Haynes back from storming out of the causeway and personally administering lethal injections to the three detained men they've all been in the air.
The other plot he added later we call them three men apparently on the way to Miami with some ill intentions sometimes I seriously wondered if Haynes was listening to his own station at one point WSVN aired an interview with the Georgia woman who reported the three men to police she described over hearing one man asked you think we have enough to bring it down and another answering if we don't have enough I have context we can get enough to bring it down.
Seconds after the interview ended Haynes summarized like this three men talking about driving down a Miami and using some sort of explosive device to blow it up how he read that into those two simple sentences I'll never know though I'll put it in the air.
But Paul is on can tell us what a great article doesn't have any credit on here who wrote this but in the Saturdays here.
Nice going to score one for the hero and it's about time.
My life and look all this is 4.256 way to way.
A theory to me knew from purple plastics it's the talking inflatable Barney just put the batteries in and in flight.
Okay kids now go get mommy and tell her to grab the inspiration to between my legs and move.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
That's it Bobby.
Oh yeah.
That's it Bobby.
Well Bobby just will have to start on over again.
Talking inflatable Barney available now.
Okay I'm just looking at this bill or Riley thing that you just packed me yeah.
Foxes are Riley and fight with conservators.
There's nothing unusual about pugnacious talks your host bill or Riley being in a fight.
The real surprise this time is who he's fighting in a faster week.
So Riley's come under attack from the right from the same ideal ideologues who will help make Fox News Channel personality one of the most popular figures on cable TV.
The same fascists.
The same mindless idiots.
Oh by the way now we're gonna wait a minute.
Wait a minute are you telling me that the guiding light is not on now?
Oh no.
You have to be kidding me.
What is my guiding light?
So in other words the local Buffalo affiliate here is not carrying guiding light this morning.
Ready, go.
I got some stupid police.
Oh no.
And I got the tape running another room to tape this idiotic quiche.
Well it's where it goes.
We'll find out about this.
In fact I'm gonna have to because you don't know what I was thinking.
You know how Hank cheats every day and does that especially the five to six hour tea to the coach one step show or it's been
oh cook or some other day it's not more with hang five to six which is great.
You know it's just another way of having an easy hour.
I was thinking we could put the audio from guiding light on between 10 and 11 every morning.
Wouldn't that be great if we could time the commercial breaks together for sure no problem.
Earlier this month on the Arrhyme factory had a ribbon conversation with Bible tooting Stephen Bennett a Connecticut minister who speaks out against the adoption of children
by gays and lesbians.
After Arrhyme called Bennett a religious fanatic to conservative groups concerned women for American the American family association
Urges members to protest nice going bill.
Always like that pillow Riley you know what even though he's a full of crap.
I got a hundred emails telling me I'm going to hell Arrhyme said that's a little personal.
You know what this boils down to again?
It's that.
It's what he's all about you know just a lot of publicity and a lot of you know keep stirring the pots stirring the pot.
Because you really isn't an ideal he's just you know all about himself he's an eagletist and it's obviously working pretty well.
118 votes on a pool how do you feel about GW's plans to invade Iraq.
I'm against it the timing smells of politics 47.
Let's roll Sodom has to go 38.
I'm all let's see I'm forward if our allies join in 13.
I'm against it the U.S. should never be the aggressor 13.
I'm forward even if we have to go at alone seven I said I'm 118 so let's see against it 60.
And in favor at least one level of 60 58 almost that even almost almost a standoff divided right down the middle.
And you got to give him credit though he's done a magnificent job especially with that mindless speech see the only thing he did to the when.
Is he bullied them he basically said you're a bunch of paper tiger assholes you got all these resolutions you never enforce are you really got to do something for once they're just going to sit down and be a bunch of pussy.
So and of course they got very upset about that.
Oh well you can't say that even though of course everybody knows it's true.
So we did a good job of doing that he didn't know job of laying out any new evidence against the sat up because we don't have any.
But you know don't confuse the world with the fact because it's already a done deal it's already been decided it's a fate of complete which is why in the front page of all the newspapers today the Saudi said oh yeah come on down no problem.
Aren't these the same Saudis who were given us so much a crap about using our base in the beyond against the Afghan Afghanistan are the same Saudis right.
Yeah no problem. Yeah this is against the dawn that's right and number one are scared crap lessons and I'm going after them a number two they want their piece they want their piece of the action baby.
Just like that business about Puntang and Georgia oh yeah well if you let us invade Georgia and assure us that we're going to get our piece of the action with the oil in Iraq then no problem at all.
We're they're singing a different tune now and lo and behold on Friday afternoon we get a story oh yeah Puntang warns he's ready to invade Georgia.
Huh they're not too happy in Atlanta about that in fact she and in fact no seriously if they were to after CNN around those bastards up I think I vote for it.
Miami bomb flight delayed in Atlanta after man taking off flight so here's another genius take off of a Delta airline flight to Miami was delayed about an hour Friday and this is another area where they were getting everybody panicky was it on this also was see on end on Friday.
About well Delta flight has been diverted making it sound again as if there was some grotesque thing happening in Miami other than the usual other than the vote counting.
Delay to about an hour after man was taken off the airliner by a federal marshal because of suspicious activity the suspicious activity wasn't specified but several of the passengers who arrived in Miami said the man made them nervous.
The man was escorted by flight 537 by least one federal air marshal the passenger was not identified the Miami bomb flight from Hartfield International in Atlanta was there were on the runway 1137 AM said Brian Doyle spokesman for the TSA took off an hour later.
The passenger was clutching his carry on bag tightly he was removed from the plane search the second time and put on another flight.
Flight 537 arrived in Miami around 1 p.m.
It was a little nerve wracking said patient passenger Jason Mulvahill no relation to Jason London of homestead Mulvahill was sitting two hours behind the man who was taken off but didn't know what triggered the ouster.
Another passenger Jessica Valenza who was husband is in the Navy was on a flight to make a connection to Costa Rica or homeland she said the man taken off the plane was sitting closer and been acting strange and was very nervous he gave himself away she said.
He gave himself away so much that they took him off that plane and put him on another flight how do you like that maybe he had like wild diarrhea you can relate to that.
No one's at next break any second that's right any second but you but you can get up and go Carlos can handle it okay.
I'm not going to tell me about how to be fine did I mention that online detective is there don't get sucked in all you people out there don't be putting your credit card numbers on the guy they're Internet don't get sucked into these websites with a big come on you you ought to really check that out just take a look at their website no thanks no seriously.
I just cared now just take a look at it you don't have to sign up for it or register but just take a look at how elaborate it is and it goes on and on and they got they got the logo of the credit cards and they show you where to put in this number and put that number you know where to stick it.
I'm a I'm a schmuck I feel like a real idiot. Vichips accused of ignoring new rules Vichips and some Roman Catholic diocese around the country are not following rules set by a child protection charter approved in June a national victims advocacy groups said yesterday members of survivors network of those abuse by priests snap said more than a dozen Vichips have not adhered to rules of a charter requiring them to remove from public ministry priest suspect of molesting children or other sexual misconduct.
I'm a hanky panky and by the way, Bubba is still looking for interns. The group is asking the National Review Board chaired by Governor Frank Keating to denounce dioceses that do not follow the Dallas charter members of the Review Board which meets today in Oklahoma City of said local Review boards need to ensure compliance not the national both need to be pressured into enforcing the terms of the charter.
Violations include hardball legal tactics by two Oklahoma priests who filed slander suits against people who accused the homosexual misconduct said David Kloh has the national director of snap.
If it comes out of a choice between protecting the reputation of one grown up and the safety of dozens of kids, it shouldn't be a hard call he said it shouldn't be hard.
Snapset violations also include delays and failures to move known or allegedly abusive clerics failure to consult with diocesan labor view panels and failure to provide the openness promised by the Vichips.
Snapset at least five priests to be the confess to molesting children or been accused of it are still serving in the public ministry.
These snap allegations come only a few days after report out of Rome that the Vatican is taking a dim view of some of the guidelines approved by the US bishops on the grounds that they're too quick to judge priest who been accused.
Another developments yesterday cardinal Bernard law celebrated mass without much senior Michael Smith foster the vicar general and highest ranking priest to be accused of sexual abuse law had invited foster to appear with the mass after a symbolic public reconciliation but foster was suspended again Saturday when a former altar boy who was withdrawn a lawsuit against foster brought forward new information.
How do you like that new information.
I just mentioned that in passing and like I told you it was just a dog and pony show and they just you know they did whatever they had to do until the media finally got tired of it went on to other things like let's blow up or rack stuff like that.
See those are the ones that have really caved in other media which have a couple of stories about that.
Or here's another airline joke.
Delta Airlines flight to leave LaGuardia airport about to leave for four lottery.
We just can't stop man we're involved in every grimy slimy every piece of third.
It just it floats like every soap it's not so pure but it floats.
Delta Airlines flight about to leave LaGuardia for four lottery Saturday.
I've no return to the gate after a passenger told a flight attendant he brought a bomb on board police said another genius another rocket scientist.
Passengers in fact let's call them out let's get them down here and have them count votes.
Passengers were taken off the plane and the man was arrested to port authority sergeant police sergeant John O'Donnell no relation to bill O'Donnell.
A search of the man's luggage in plane with at least one bomb sniffing dog turned up no explosives at all said flight 1503 was scheduled to leave 3 30 Saturday.
They went to flight attendant asked the male passenger to take off some electronic equipment he was using the man then said there's a bomb in my bag in the overhead compartment or Donald said.
Port authority police said didn't release his name fellow passenger Carla Guadamas Guadamu's told CNN the man may have been joking about having a bomb she said she witnessed the arrest heard him say about the bomb comment I guess I shouldn't have said that.
Oh no Schmidt man the man was about six feet tall heavy said with all of skin and dark hair she said he had no foreign accent Guadamu's says about 100 passengers were on the plane according to Delta's website the flight took off shortly after five p.m.
and was doing for long and shortly after eight this is a flight that was supposed to leave New York at 3 30 because some asshole on there said orders of bomb in the overhead and then he says I guess I shouldn't have said that.
By the way you're right about the site by the way available at your local software dealer soon great online detective 3.0 look at that it is doesn't that look legit and it matter fact I'm talking to Eric great a great length about it last night and he said to me he said all of that stuff that's on there 99% of it is it's fraud.
It's phony it's a come on and even if you do want to get it signed up for like a one guy said they are here ready register with his name and address they couldn't find his address he already gave it to him and he still couldn't find it yet a listed phone number they couldn't find that either after I've been up for this I'm going to the three card Monte site excellent.
And then go to the Monte Python site and the Monte Hall site while you're at it.
It's 12 minutes after 10 5 60 QM even though it's a holiday baby it's young Kipper and we have no Jews today we in the Humper me in the Humper and that more forgot about him.
Jim managed to one the Humper at three with that more from five to six her all look at that what is that all about.
What is Hank doing a three hour show now or what have you looked at the schedule okay I'm looking see I guess we have to get that in a her cool hotline thing.
Yeah so that's on from six to six thirty from the heck center rhymes with Drek and so I got a three hour show he's got a two hour show because he's gotten more there nice going airhank actually I'm sure baby you are hours and more money that's what we want that's our philosophy me the mad dog in the Humper work less get paid more after the hurricane hotline we got the Marlins on Drek Marlins at the brave seven oh five and I'm at again whatever 7300 yesterday announced the big old beyond 10 30 after baseball.
Well any case Jewish and Joe and Mark overnight neither one who mark Mark is that's right it's too late 12 minutes after 10 at five sixty W to QM all your men can make you feel better there's some great stuff and those little capsules just pop them right in your pop a few in your push.
All your men is a soft yield capsule loaded with pharmaceutical grade olive oil that's got full potency by the way unlike when you open a bottle of olive oil and it starts to oxidize no matter how expensive it was extra virgin etc it starts to oxidize loses potency but all your men has got the best olive oil in there.
In his little caps along with vitamins and minerals and herbs and the idea is to pro health for different parts of your body they make one product specifically designed to help your prostate one for your heart one for your blood pressure your cholesterol
all you must also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system your digestive and endocrine system your skin and bones even your mind all using the benefits of the finest olive oil that they can find and all your men's got products for men and separate ones for you ladies as well.
All your men's available in Walgreens whole food markets and our pharmacy in St. Anastasia stupendous exciting sensational new product and if you want to get more about what it does and where you should put it call their toll free number one eight six six all your men that's one eight six six all your men and you can order their products on their website if you like it all your men America dot com
I'm feeling only tonight do I want a girl or guy where my butt cheeks are clinching tight or I need a big boy I want it in my seat and I'm craving a man taught me so I'm on a hard streak for a man to bone I want to love your back door in a no lie
I want to make you from so strong because I buy buy buy yeah I want a man double for you I'm not only gay I like the girls too you know I like the girls and I spoke that well because I buy buy buy yeah I want a man double for you I'm not only gay I like the girls too I could score some food but I like to pound those guy guy guy
ten eighteen five sixty double to queue I'm happy Monday to you for all you Jews out there eat something where you won't rot in hell believe me three people shot today office building on Broadway near 40th Street in New York no cost and no suspect and custody you see that story nope well why what are you watching what am I watching Jenny Jones right now she's got plays how come you're not watching guiding light oh that's a good idea what turn on channel four which on that cable is three or something for just a second right and see if guiding light is on yes it is
I don't want to play with the book or something is I don't know why see on a cable here we get the Buffalo network affiliates which is wonderful but in the meantime every now and then global which is in two different spots on a cable and three and sixteen on my Rogers cable
it's like they've fixed up on their arbitrarily they block out whatever the network program was you follow what I'm saying no in other words instead of showing you whatever the network is feeding the Canadian cable people they put a feed from some other thing on there if they don't want to do it or what is certain for you well they're right too because otherwise I'd be distracted here every day between ten and eleven even though I'm no serious I'm taping in the other room but I'd be sitting here watching guiding light instead of CNN and I wouldn't know about the three people getting shot
for example right there see what I'm saying I see it we have to be up on what's going on in the world not about Jenny Jones has a bunch of naked people on which handles that on oh you don't get it it's on the double double wb I don't get wb I don't know do you and I'll tell you you're you're well not in this room I don't I can be on my digital cable I don't know in fact last night they had a rerun they had a two hour special a small bill just to get us ready for a week from tomorrow the 24th next week small bill returns trained in tools of terror
question mark six men who worked lived in socialized together in western New York and but Tavian Oles too were schooled in the tools of terror they arrested a 60s today you saw that yes including the use of suicide as a weapon in camps run by Osama your mom have been loved and I'll cut it at work federal officials be saying federal authorities who announced the arrest of the members of the alleged terror cell said Osama your mom and himself lecture the men on his anti-American beliefs when they were in condo her Afghanistan in the months leading up to the 9-11 terrorist attacks the men came home to lack a wana five mile south of Buffalo on a shore of
Lake eerie in June 2000 Buffalo on the shore of Lake eerie and that interesting the way they put this on CBS news.com as if most people don't know where to help Buffalo is you idiots you know where it is shores of Lake eerie yes federal agents said they had no information to sell his planning and attack in the US we have the key players in western New York FBI special agent in charge Peter a her and said Saturday he added the investigation is continuing the Bush administration hailed the rest in the York and the captain Pakistan of a succinct suspected 9-11 operative as a victory in the war against their
terrorism the rest in Pakistan of Ramsey being all she demonstrated that we are relentless we are strong and we're not going to stop president Bush said it can't David Merlin one by one we're hunting the killers down one by one
Germany drafted request of the expedition of being all she wants Sunday opening the way for these suspected 11 plotter to be 9-11 plotter to be handed over to the west after the rest last week by US and Pakistani intelligence.
There we go chalk up a couple for us guys okay I was going to say for the good guys but for us guys because you can't always be too sure.
Look at this Democrats question Iraq timing well maybe we'll get to that although I think I've already got that well we'll see New York Daily News says Al Gore started facing a drunken driving charge after being arrested for allegedly driving recklessly near the Pentagon a family spokesman confirmed yesterday that was on Friday.
They strapped and now what is this the strapping 19 year old have you ever seen him know he looks like he looks like a big I don't know how to describe him like something out of deliverance I mean he's just but he's big I guess that's what I mean by strapping a big mugwump the mugwump is 19 year old was pulled over for DIY by military police in the wee hours of September 5th outside for Meyer Virginia short distance from the Pentagon said Jane Cabrera spokesman for the former VP it was a set up for the president of the Pentagon.
Second driving offense in just over two years Cabrera said Al Gore the third was stopped and ticketed but didn't spend time in jail he declined to say how and when Gorgot home the families believe that no one was hurt Cabrera said beyond that we're dealing with this privately as a family can't just like no well you know the last no well would get to eventually net Christians in the no relation to Diana Christensen they spoke for for Meyer.
For for Meyer I see for my Virginia said the case have been turned over to the West attorney's office for the Eastern District of Virginia Center federal court hearing will be held at an undetermined date in other words when they get around to it okay after the smoke clears rod stewards on jail for attacking man see this goes in pairs we need a third maybe Cliff Gorman is going to beat somebody up just before he dies to late to the son of Ron I wonder what he played in the half of the
fifth core man wonder who he was on the son of rocker rod the son of rocker rod Stewart was sentenced to 90 days in jail and ordered to undergo drug rehab last week after pleading no contest to attacking a man outside a malleable California restaurant Sean Stewart 22 I sure hope he isn't as ugly as dead was arrested December 5th and was seeing kicking the man in the face and stomach the L.A. County District Attorney Office and the statement actor Dean Kane and his brother broke up the fight while Dean Kane should be able to do it because he Superman right Superman with this.
Now was this one Dean was acting but you like to real fact like in a movie he was.
What movie I don't know and that movie was on last matter fact I was channel surfing and I went right by it they followed student after he fled in the car reported attack the police.
Stewart was also send I wonder if he's kind of dance to all we're fine do it was also sent to five years of probation or to pain nearly 56 hundred bucks to the victim he could have faced four years in state pen in a separate case do it was ordered to enter a drug rehab program in June after pleading clearly to possessing a controlled substance near the viper room nightclub in one of the.
West Hollywood I think he may have just a little bit of a problem and of course if your dad was around Stewart you probably have a problem to when you're.
Yeah a lot of money problem looking at dad though man you think he's sexy speaking of somebody who's definitely not sexy which is why your hubby is still out looking for interns swillery Clinton this you know what this reminds me of it's like the
general we know thing all over again it's called democrats with the death wish right Hillary Clinton for president question mark this is in the New York Daily News today the answer is yes it's only a question of when it's like our attack on a record don't
question of when well played sources said yesterday the insiders told the Daily News the New York Senator is dying a return to the White House in 2008 or beyond keep going this yeah keep going like
2058 the sense is that both she and president Clinton would like to see a run for president but their first priority is getting a democrat elected the White House in 2004 said a long time
Clinton insider it may be awaited maybe 12 and maybe never what she's not going to be as stupid about this she's going to take her time and make sure she does a job as senator the source
said right at least to other sources close to Clinton's confirm talking a little bit to return to the White House and it's picked up steam among members of the
couples inner circle Clinton kept her plans close to the best yesterday but in Clinton as fashion what she didn't say was as
key as what she did say when asked on NBC's eat the press if she would accept the now by the way I noticed that Colin Powell was on
air again the other day yesterday they keep there banging on the drums man when asked if she'd accept the nomination for president or VP in 2004
Clinton repeated previous assertions she would absolutely not run and was 110% sure that when pressed about 2008 she didn't rule out a run
outright saying twice she had no plans and no intention of running asked by Clinton appeared to avoid simple yes and oh while
regarding a run in 2008 when she'll be 61 or after spokeswoman Karen Dunn said she was clear she's not running okay the AP
reported last month that booklands talked about his wife seeking the White House as a question of when not if like the attack on a
rack in July she scored 20% and they see an end USA today yellow presidential poll a close second to
the Alvore 28% remember our poll she did pretty good to I think we did joke Clinton is meant to pull off surprises and her two years
in the sentences shred her frosty first lady image during a baby shower for senator K Bailey Hutchinson Republican of Texas
Nevy win and kudos from former detractors like Senate Minority leader trend lot who likes her pom poms a lot 1026 at 560 WQ
A.M. gets yourself a great new mattress and you'll sleep like a baby night after night will make you feel better your back
will feel 100% so if the old mattress isn't doing the job for you anymore get you a great new mattress by calling our good
close personal friends at dial a mattress that's what I always do being as lazy as I am I know this is the smart intelligent way
not only to save time but save a lot of cash to one easy call to one 800 mattress will hook up to a betting expert they'll get you hooked up
with a mattress which is exactly the kind you're looking for and the top brand names whichever one you love the best
SIRDA see these Simmons and King coiled to make a long story short the best ones in the universe and you always get
exactly the one you order no bait and swish and when you call dial a mattress you pick today in the to our winter for
Liberty any day seven days a week like 10 to noon 11 to 1 noon to 2 1 to 3 2 to 4 etc 3 30 to 5 30 and you also get that 3 day in
Hong Kong for guarantee so you can test your mattress the smart way by sleeping on it and doing all sorts of
obscene things on it so pick up that phone and call them right now before you know if they'll be knocking on your door when
you're going to be there when it's convenient for you instead of wasting a whole day of your life sitting there with your legs and
fingers crossed praying somebody shows up dial a mattress call 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATTR ES or check them out of the
web if you prefer at mattress dot com
my god your breasts are beautiful there should be no doubt anybody's mind this man
the
the
American
you know how to make it up my mind how best check your most
country for our friends and all right
George what's your talent for that word about to go to war yes you
George he seniors little son boy that was dumb hey George now you're looking for that guy who
threatened us before yes what you made one big
who you see believe me that was just well that you had to tell the plan to attack and he'll get
whacked that was just guarantee their leader will be absentee tell me why you have to go and tell a
racker gonna be invaded you see the dog now knows you're coming for him so we'll find a way to
escape it he's the guy that that's it he's now he's making his way underground so I doubt that we're
ever gonna find him honestly I can't believe you told the rack will be invaded no no no no no
1032 at 560 we contained Stalin for 40 years with that gigantic nuclear arsenal and of course we
know as far as biological and chemical weapons they put us to shame right in fact since last year
ago 911 we've been seeing all these stories about well we don't know where a lot of that stuff is
and a lot of it's under like lock and key that you feel like you know with no guards and you could
pick the lock with the your thumbnail stuff like that George could pick it right in the lock too maybe
but you know that we contained him for 40 years and he had all he he wasn't like working on building a
bomb he had this gigantic arsenal of nuclear weapons and not only that but unlike Sodom who killed
positive his own people and gave him the old gas he killed millions of his own people Stalin but
oh that is irrelevant now because well for whatever Linda Stacy writes in the huh I'm just taking
it in join Jo and Mark tonight 9-11 for Monday night football a gaspies a candle store stop
by to win prizes and enjoy specials on crown royal it's the Eagles and the Redskins that have
gaspies and Kindle how about those Patriots Tom Brady maybe man did they kick some serious jets
that yet even the dolphin fans should have enjoyed that because they love seeing the jets lose but
on the other hand it might give them a little bit of pause after seeing the lions get crushed by
a girls team again yesterday the same lines that the dolphins crushed their last week and then of
course beaten the team that's got no defense at all the occult and just hanging on by their thumbnails
because the cults kind of ran out the clock on themselves amazing but we'll see we'll see when push
comes the shove and who would you rather have his quarterback on your team Jay Feeder or Tom Brady
orange you glad that we're not panicking writes Linda Stacy in the orc post cute cute article
not that they wanted to cause mass panic or anything but Tuesday the White House went orange that's
the day the feds raised the terror car terrorist color bar to code orange which is not as bad as red
but definitely worse than yellow bluer green what are we supposed to do with this information it was
hard to know but I do know I'm not leaving the house until we're declared full-teal we were also
we're not to panic but nonetheless beyond guard forces vicious people who may or may not be
terrorists carrying weapons of mass destruction right excuse me I got in a because it says breaking
news on CNN we've got control of the bin al sheeben package is that news we got control of them in
other words we got them by his thumbnails excuse me for our I wish del guiding light was on you
know what they make me sick we were also we're not to panic but nonetheless beyond guard forces
vicious people who may or may not be terrorists carrying weapons of mass destruction
right excuse me but this is New York everyone is suspicious it's not as easy to blend in anywhere else
take the morons who try to pull a sick joke in Georgia last week you can marry your own brother
there and still be considered normal but you'll put a shoneys in a skull cap and he flip it about
9-11 and you'll end up with your keyster in the can that's what happened when a woman over her
three young middle eastern looking men making inappropriate remarks over breakfast and they
came home county restaurant reported them in the spirit of not panicking airplanes were never
a 20-mile stretch your highway we shut down and three middle eastern looking young men were finally
nailed and then released in Florida the men pulled the stun apparently to spook the woman after
she stared at them suspiciously also in the spirit of not panicking on Tuesday a northwest jet on
route to Vegas was diverted to Fort Smith Arkansas after was reported that three middle eastern
looking men locked themselves together in a restroom and shaved later was determined that the
men of indian descent had not been in the restaurant together but that two of them had used the
bathroom in succession and stayed in too long three questions one how could three guys even
fit into one airplane restroom to how do you not lock yourself into an airplane bathroom without
falling into the bowl in the dark and three why do these guys get to take their razors aboard if I
personally have donated six tweezers two nail files and one cuticle to clipper to various airline
security guards a Hispanic passenger who was recovering from surgery and was fast asleep was
also rested for heat claims being dark skinned to modify the terrified ever to passengers northwest
treated them all the pizza and beer in the forts bill airport hey free airport pizza in Arkansas
who would make an emergency landing for something like that no one of the airline also came up with
free tickets finally in the spirit of really really not panicking senator Patrick Leahy
democratic remanseungist of the mosquitoes carrying west now virus may be in fact a living weapon
of vio terror the feds immediately arrested seven million mosquitoes but were forced to release
all but thirteen after the affid's claim racial profiling
pretty good by Linda stassy in the new york post today cute oh i like this this is a great article
never forget white what rights frank rich no relation to fat rich house fat rich doing by the way
i was hoping you tell me this is in yesterday's new york times or was it said it's like i said in
saturday's new york times frank rich rights never forget what canteries so little prize in
Washington that you want to shake the hand of anyone who dares committed so cheers to Andrew card
the president's chief of staff for telling the times elisabeth bumel or the real reason that
is boss would help his full frontal moves in sada mousane until september from a marketing point of
view you don't introduce new products in august he said mr. card is taking some heat for talking
about a war in which many may die as if it were the rollout of a new SUV but he wasn't lying in
history has already proved him right this campaign has been so well time to execute it that the new
product already ha owns the market the artificial model of the nine eleven anniversary may have been
never forget but by nine twelve if not before the war on al-Qaeda was already fading from memory
as the world was invited to test drive the war on iraq al-Qaeda may be forgotten but it's not
gone apparently even from the suburbs of buffalo at least two thirds of its top leadership
stay are still a large a draft version of a uin report on our finger to shut down its cash flow
al-Qaeda is by all accounts fit in well and poised to struck again at its leisure it's already
struck at least a half dozen times since january regime change anyone al-Qaeda almost brought
one uh... about an afghanistan assuming it's likely rolling the assassination attempt on
haamid kharzai as harry sure said in this satirical radio program lay show nine eleven is the event
that changed everything except terrorism but on to a rack son of might be able to build a nuclear
weapon within a year said george w.w.n on thursday yes but pakistan where the Washington post recently
found two top-cut operatives planning new issues with impunity already has nuclear weapons within
terrorist reach al-Qaeda terrorist escape from afghanistan known to be in iraq said mr. bush
on thursday yes but they're a kind of operatives in the sixty five countries and the times
important this week that the largest number of them are in afghanistan and pakistan iran identified
by mr. bush's own state department in may as the most active state sponsor of terrorism syria and
Yemen are not far behind and then there's our allies Saudi Arabia according to u.s.a today nearly
eighty percent of the hits on the secretive kind of website since june have come from addresses
in the country that also spawned nearly eighty percent of the nine eleven hijackers Saudi Arabia
that iraq is a graven gathering danger of the president also said is not in doubt but is it as
graven danger is the enemies that attacked america nine eleven and those states that are
it's most integral collaborators the campaign against iraq wrote vents grow croft in the
opa that launched the thousand others is certain to divert us for some indefinite period from our
war in terrorism since major kind of attacks are planned well in advance and historically been
separated by intervals of twelve or twenty four months we'll find out how much we've been
distracted soon enough there is now a debate about the new war but so far spent a largely a
parochial washed and a fair largely about process and soon to be academic well president bush has
congress for authorization to go after sit on well it can solve the security council we now
know the answers are yes and yes but that congress will not stand in his way if the democrats can't
challenge the president about taxes they certainly won't about war the security council may now
sign on to mr. bush's rightful demand that the one enforces own resolutions against iraq
but when side of an all likelihood box will go to war no matter how few are allies if you think
back to that ancient past in summer of two thousand one you'll recognize the game plan from the
white house in several weeks of liberation over stem cell research he's listening to all sides of
the debate our reflection said then even though it was evident from the get go that mr. bush
would do pretty much what he always intended after a few even after a few weeks of ostentatious
i guess i have to interrupt out for the break right okay frank rich never forget what there's a lot
more to it in the new york times uh... senator you know that kamy pinko new york times you know that
ten forty at five sixty wqm on half of you i'm kepper to our Jewish friends out there eat
something okay believe me don't go fast today you'll be uh... hollishing man like they say in
new uges lobby and by the way i had a lousy time in uges lobby was that movie massive
fuel with jack lemon remember no jack lemon in the guy from my one-year-old but i never saw it
Charles darning right from a stranger calls big fat Charles darning anyway if you love your home
but you desperately need to more space here is what you do you call our good friends like hundreds of
other people are doing it strictly additions whether you're having a baby and need another room if
you're converting a car porter patio and living space or maybe you've went into business for yourself
want to make a home office you know so you can open up like a online detective service call
strictly additions there you're one stop shop more space for your place place with an
absolutely worry for your approach to expanding your living space those no shows by the contract
is will not happen incomplete work uh-oh no unexpected bills no worries about the job not getting done
right and they take care of every single last detail they draw for blueprints they get to building
permits and all the inspections for you strictly additions has gotten easy five step approach to
total customer satisfaction number one they be calling the schedule a free project evaluation
appointment at your home where a project estimator will determine the scope of your addition by
the way that i mentioned that all my uh-answer gone George yes you did thanks a lot Steven
john says your strange to two schedule a bit of appointment in their convenience room where you'll
get a detailed proposal on exact price for your work three select your finishing touches and go
to contract for review the design and architectural drawings and five just sit back on your lazy
ass and relaxes your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality it's so easy
it's almost like a piece of cake without the carbs and the calories so give strictly additions
a call at nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred that's nine five four seven nine one eighty
one hundred they're licensed they're injured professionals who care about doing a stupidity job for
you check out their ad in the yellow pages call nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred
forced strictly additions and tell them that old Neil and PD Lenny told you to call
my man look at this poor 20-year bicycle you way up
i know i'm here
all of the context in Texas waiting on just roll day or no when the time is up all way
we'll pull up switch and light them up if you're in Texas watch what you do could be but you
dance or a ticket my choice w all way oh he got the record and he's not done yet he five thirty
eight and the long stock they get way away away away oh
oh
bush like execution
well that guy say i'm crying over here ten forty six at five sixty w two and we got the man
they're coming up for one hey golberg being the trooper that he is and now that he's working
like about an hour a day so he's trying to catch up to me i think
Hank will be on like three to six and add more five to six to make room for her
coup in hotline at six o'clock i think that's pretty white of no two like stepping aside to make
room for that great important show never forget what frank rich rites in the uh...
Saturday new york times and it continues the question the president on a rack is an invitation
to have one's patriotism be smurched the infective aimed at those with the toughest questions
almost all of them pillars of the republican or military establishments have been ordered borderline
ugly complete with the requisite allusions to never chamberland but it's hard to find any
doubt or the war who wants to a piece out of modernize that he's an evil player the question many
critics are asking is why has he jumped to the head of the most modded list when the war on
al-Qaeda remains unfinished in our resources are finite even those who can stomach preemptive war as a new
doctrine wonder if we have our preemptive priority straight
taking in the space for a george w partisan is there is sharpened the question most pointedly in the
wall street journal editorial page life when they when she implored the president to give us facts instead of
sermons and making his case
sottam is evil is not enough she wrote a number of people are evil and some even are our friends
like he used to be sottam has weapons of mass destruction is not enough a number of countries do
what the people need now is hard data that demonstrate conclusively that satam has weapons of mass
destruction which he's writing to use on the people of the u.s. or the people of the west and maybe
even the non-west what we've been getting instead is one thing worse than no data false data
for months administration officials have been trying to implicate a rack in 9-11 with the story of
in leged april 2000 one meeting in Prague between mohammad auton a sottam spy but the cia can find
no evidence of this and the 21 page fact sheet the u.s. released with the president's speech
mentions no sottam 9-11 link at all as for nuclear arms last weekend and his appearance with tonic
glare the president referred to one 1998 international atomic energy agency report that said that
a rack was six months away from developing a nuclear weapon adding i don't know what more evidence
we need plenty more as it happens because an agency spokesman says no such report exists this is
why those who want most to believe mr. bush from a conservative GOP senate leader like donnickels
to our allies keep saying in mr.nickels words you're not giving us enough
it's this high-handedness that echoes they run up to vietnam the analogy can be overdone
certainly since today's armed forces are highly unlikely to find a rack a military quagmire
and no one can even try to make a case for the legitimacy of sottam's regime but there's a wide
incredibility gap between the white houses marketing of the war and the known facts the arrogance of
this CEO administration which gives citizens no better information than companies like halibut and
gave to its stockholders because the hubris of those Ivy League and corporate whiz kids on
robert mac and merris pentagon team who saw themselves as veteran brighter than the rest of us
but on to a rack anyone who believes that mr. bush might turn back now he's not been following the
path of a president who by his own account never second guesses of decision indeed we've already
ratcheting we're already ratcheting up our longstanding military engagement with sottam as we
move from containment to attack mode though it might be best to focus on less on procedural debates
such as the timing and wording of whatever rubber stamp approval congress will deliver and more
on the tougher questions the administration will prefer to ignore what happens if al-Qaeda attacks
the u.s. or if Afghanistan or Pakistan falls while we're at war and a rack can we continue to
meet all our commitments with an all-volunteer army as budget deficits spiraling to the foreseeable
future where will we get the tens of billions of dollars we need to support the post-sottam
rack that we will surely inherit is sottam our new focus because he's the most catastrophic threat
whereas there's another agenda that should be spelled out whether it involves oil or unfinished
bush family business this is the candid talk we need to have maybe the administration can make the
case that we can simultaneously whip al-Qaeda and sottam so if you have Afghanistan for keeps
tame the rest of the axis of evil guzzle gas and perpetuity and keep cutting taxes for some of
us like the rich if that's so when someone else's children will be marching on Baghdad what
papi would not stand up and say let's roll what a good collar huh by Frank rich in Saturday's New
York Times see it requires a little bit of thinking not a whole lot just a little bit of thinking
before we like start waving a flag let's go get them because a few months ago I'd have said hey let's
go go get that son of a bitch you know and I'd also like to remind you that factoring Gulf War
one back in the early 90s were we able to kill him no he's got the all these so-called palaces which
are like heavily fortified bunkers and you know in addition to which if we as you call it stir
the hornet's nest and he does actually have all these chemical and biological agents which of course
we provided for him uh... factoring is more with the ran being one of those people who's not
suicidal being one of those people who are you know he'd be more than happy to take down as many
people with him as he could uh... as a last gas befford on a way out at that point we'd be
inviting him to use those things right and then of course to be spotted that by saying well if you
use weapons of mass destruction we're going to like blow you in a stone age that means probably
nuclear weapons on Baghdad uh huh see this isn't World War II when we're dropping nuclear weapons
on Japan to save the lives of thousands of Americans because we're in a world war
and to try to end it sooner rather than later because the uh... the emperors that lunatic
terrorist Trojan horse rights senator Chuck Schumer in the New York Times this was also on Saturday
much of our recent national conversation has revolved around nuclear weapons of the potential
of terrorists to wreak havoc in America but while the Bush administration is focusing
attention on the potential war with Iraq it's ignoring a less costly and less controversial
method that could protect us more permanently from nuclear attack tightening our borders by
installing devices that could detect nuclear weapons as terrorist attempts to smuggle a minute
of the country such devices are feasible to create and which yield is not only from Iraq but from
nuclear terrorism launched by nations like Iran or groups like al-Qaeda or Hezbollah just as
important such a project for the estimated price tag of a billion dollars would cost far less than
invasion of Iraq just this week a container ship from Liberia was stopped because of suspicions
that it might contain radioactive material clearly the danger that even crew nuclear weapons post
of our nation is increased dramatically and our post-911 world the atomic bomb that exploded
above Hiroshima was simple two hemisphere years of weapons grade uranium were smashed together
instantly creating a critical mass that released a blast of energy comparable to that created
by exploding 15,000 tons of TNT it was such a basic device that the scientists in alimagordo
felt no need to test it no one doubts that today's terrorist groups have the technical expertise
to make such a device worse the olikot smuggle such a bomb into our country not by plane or missile
but like a Trojan horse in one of the tens of thousands of large cargo containers then there are
reports across our borders daily a suicide bomber could detonate the device in the center of one of
our cities creating a disaster that would dwarf the horror of 911 the only thing preventing this
from happening today is that terrorist groups like al-Qaeda did not have the 110 pounds of weapons
grade uranium needed to create such a bomb if Iraq is able to produce the needed amount of
enriched uranium that anger to America would be enormous the administration's fear that Iraq
could acquire nuclear weapons is justified there are ways to help stop this nightmare from becoming
reality every nuclear device produces gamma rays which pass through almost everything but lead
today the only device that detects these raises a Geiger counter that must be held within two
feet the radioactive source to have an inspector stop every container that comes to our land in
water borders and enter the container and hold the Geiger counter within two feet scores of
boxes and crates in each container would bring commerce to a standstill the good news is that
scientists that our national energy labs believe the Geiger counter could be improved in the
tech nuclear devices 40 to 50 feet away the super Geiger counter should be installed on every crane
that loads and unloads a container of cargo bomb bomb for the U.S. and above every toll booth that
trucks pass under with the Mexican and Canadian borders senator john morner and i have introduced
legislation to develop and eventually install such devices we're attempting to add it to the
homeland security legislation now being debated by the senate the board of administration and
the congress have thus far shown little interest the administration and some members of congress
are willing to consider spending 40 billion dollars and risk the loss of many lives in war with
Iraq but there's a reluctance to spend money on domestic solutions much cheaper in lives in
dollars the administration is thus far focused most of its energy on fighting terrorism abroad
and is neglected the home front at some point it may well be that the president will demonstrate
that Iraq is able to produce critical masses of weapons grade uranium before our nuclear
detection devices can be developed but that's no excuse for failing to also pursue this peaceful
and more permanent solution to our nuclear dilemma with the same zeal that we bring to the
pursuit of war wrote Chuck Schumer in Saturday's New York Times there off a lot of people making a lot
of sense but of course the mainstream media like i said before they're just enchanted them and
they've done a hundred and eighty degree turnaround they're on the bandwagon there was one of the
talking head shows over the weekend i wish they i remember his name they had the dentist decontaneous
that is named the former democratic senator from uh... erasone in the mexican would help us eat
from seven to southwise and in former uh... laskin senator and this laskin senator was on msnbc
it was great absolutely sensational and they chopped him off man he didn't get to say crap before
they finally chopped his well i work against the break and we want to thank you both very much
he was there just going ballistic
and everything he said may not fall out of sense to me but then what do i know
two hundred twenty five votes on a pool how do you feel about your judge of the plan to invade a
wreck and no matter how you feel by the way it's gonna happen
i'm against it the timing smells of politics the role is in the airman is wafting right through
my nostrils ninety three people said that
let's roll satan has to go
sixty eight people said that
i'm all for it if our allies join in twenty five
i'm for it even if we have to go at alone twenty
i'm against it you i should never be the aggressor
nineteen so let's see ninety three nineteen is what hundred and twelve
and we got two twenty five you can't get closer to split in two hundred twenty five votes
than a hundred thirteen hundred twelve can you i don't think so maybe like by half
let's give the half to jenna
hey jenna you lose honey okay
go back and dig up and be sure to body right away with her and i'd red pick up truck have a great life
wish you know that the best and uh... get out of town quick
before those old humans discover your back
ten fifty six at five sixty
company q and
you love that can't wait don't you see food yes i do
in fact maybe they'll bring us some more this week maybe i'm just trying for you
know can't wait to see food company no seafood they pride themselves on serving you
the fresh seafood in the world fresh fish that is never frozen prepared just the
way like it grilled black and or broiled signature can't wait is include
sesame syrup tuna tender colamari in the best homemade chowder's i can't wait to get
back to try the chowder believe i can't wait to get back yet believe it now
but i will try not i'm looking for the child or the castaways also features
grilled certified angus beef as with the g burgers for layman you on our huge
just absolutely sensationly or strip
castaways also features greatly lunch and early bird specials in every one's
the night is karaoke night and ladies night with three drinks for ladies
during the castaways tailgate party at the hog fish bar for weekend and
monday night football specials while you watch your favorite games while you watch
the paper is continued kicking serious ass and scoring 40 50 60 70 points
again the castaways seafood companies got a full by their open seven days
we can look at it on the southwest corner of university driving grip and
rodent prestigious davi if you look at a catering next home or office party
castaways of the super job of that as well the castaways seafood company
George loves it they got seafood so fresh it'll slap you right in your
puts
my and local
sports radio five sixty two eight
you a
m
the
craft they played on the whole
the kids today don't know it's good
like that song uh... i'm happy i live in a split level head you remember that
how can you
listen
i'm happy i live in the split level head i'm happy i live in the split level
head you remember that now
why am i surrounded by more on
come on how we don't you
call me how we
there are nothing to put in the gym from you
how
how
you shut up battle
okay that's it you're all
fired
you can still be the
who
listen to me your
the
the course for you
here
who i am i'm the king of paradise
haha
i came down here after losing my job
but to be a big fish
in a little part
do
when they kicked me off the
sp and they told me don't come back again
i had some problems with wise guys who advised i move to paradise
oh
me
yeah
fire
that man's the latest all we know
i was fucking
you're a fire
and i hope that chis does what dies
i hope he dies
i hope you all die
i'm a big fish in a little pot to see
a big fish in a little pot
did anybody else get in here man
i'm a big fish in a little pot
to big fish in a little pot
to big fish in a little pot
yeah
why does anybody enjoy this
11.0.2 at 5.60 wtqa
man a son of a shining is beautiful here i'll say to that
how's the weather there George
i don't know
oh
you don't know
well i mean it was
fair this morning
i don't know that day am i am i looking at this right
afternoon 16 at 61
well it and i see that's not right 23
well i can't make up their mind uh 23 is 73
when i be and look at that big son the rest of the week 78 77
76
i don't want to rub it in or anything like that
it did rain uh Saturday night real late and like real early yesterday
morning before anybody got up
just so you don't feel quite so bad okay
anyway hearing postponed in drug case against noel bush
a hearing in the cocaine case against governor jeb bush's daughter was
postponed friday after prosecutors at the staff at a drug rehab center
were not cooperating with investigators
police said .2 grams of crack cocaine were found in a well busier shoe on
monday we go today after they were called to the center by another patient
bush was not arrested because officers couldn't get sworn statements from
staffers at the center for drug-free living
remember they wrote up the report and then the supervisor said
throw that away forget about it like watered up and they had to go into waste
basket and yank it out and a report too
circuit judge reginal whitehead delayed friday's hearing until police finished
their investigation stated attorneys offer spokeswoman linda roberson said
clinics staff were not cooperating with police
i should read that last sentence again could you say to attorney's office
spokeswoman at least a roberson said clinics staff were not cooperating
with police a center spokeswoman didn't return a message friday
bush was put in a court ordered rehab program after she was arrested in
january at the palancy pharmacy drabter when it will literally try to buy the
anti-anxiety drug zanax with a fraudulent prescription
she was admitted at the treatment center with the possibility charges will be
dropped if she completed the program in july she was caught carrying pills which
belonged to a treatment center worker and sent a deal for three days and out
latest a little crack cocaine in the shoe
maybe she got that from what's the name the shoe bomber what that was his name
oh remira whatever no now remira
great
no Richard the green starts with an hour sorry
like remira Richard green remira
linda mcc what is it Richard Reid very good uh Carlos uh whatever your name is
she's quick calling him agreed chucked by the way we can have more than one
Carlos we got more than one joy see if if we're going to do that standard
then we're going to have to call you George with a j because we got George
Corso with a g right so we don't have time to call you George with a
deal end of confusion by the way so let's just call him Carlos so can't put
the screwing around with this ugly chuck ram he and any uglier than you are
oh yeah he's way ugly no he is not sure he's just seeing that we will see what
I told you you're just doing that to try like make yourself like move up a
couple of matches believe me believe me I know ugly okay like side-side
pictures on the way I shave every day I know ugly trust me
I mean you're not like real ugly but you're just like like he is non-descript
he looks just like Wayne from iod make sure you keep that eyebrow
ring in for the picture their chuck now what is that what is that thing oh see
it's the eye ring that's what makes him ugly what is that thing that Wayne sit
on here what is that under oh oh oh if I had the ability no something like that
no you know what I'm talking about I think it was like god damn fucking it yet
no that wasn't that that wasn't it I'd like to teach the world a thing
what the hell was I can't find all figured out
something with our good old friend Wayne from iod you know Wayne you can't
move in with me okay sweetheart want to go out there break that
fucking guy's neck what's that under break oh see I never would
how would you find that I just played at the rest of the show how is
guiding light how that turned out today I wasn't watching it
media frenzy feeds us delusions over attack rights lend him a
quagga yesterday's Toronto star a media frenzy feeds us delusions over
attack with public support for organster wreck flagging in the
western recent weeks the Bush administration was
clearly hoping that the 9-11 anniversary would be just the thing to get war
fever back on track certainly the media could be counted on to do with part
to whip the citizenry into a frenzy of grief and rage thereby
rousing the american people the wage a war in a country that apparently had
nothing to do with 9-11 but at least offers a target that can be located
the manipulation of grief to stoke enthusiasm for battle is of course
nothing new it was used in Iran in the 70s by fundamentalist Muslim
clerics to drum up support for their fledgling movement whenever
dissidents were killed by the shah's brutal forces the clerics held a
elaborate funeral ceremonies to further stir emotions and enlist recruits to
fight the shah and his backers in Washington the cleric strategy was highly
effective and they didn't even have CNN at their disposal
this is worth remembering as we can contemplate the media frenzy of the past
week that's helped turn the blood bath of 9-11
in a way staging ground for endless war certainly the US media have greatly
helped the White House make its case when tracking down the Osama bin Laden
proved too difficult the Bush administration switched its focus to regime
change in Iraq the media have followed this turn in the plot without question
highlighting Saddam's use of chemical weapons against his own Kurdish
population and atrocity that receives far more attention now than when Saddam
was still a US ally the US media also waxes a filter preventing incorrect ideas
from slipping through as Antonio Zerbici is noted in the star last week
CNN and MSNBC host have smeared Scott Ritter who's in our case by the way
in fact Scott Ritter sends me to the smitter have smeared Scott Ritter former
head of the UN weapons inspection mission in Iraq who blames Washington for
the mission's breakdown TV host have openly questioned Ritter's loyal
ladies and American indicating the media have taken on the function months
performed by the MacArthur Committee on Un-American Activities
Ask Kim Hatter how that felt if he's dead
certainly criticizing Washington these days leaves one vulnerable to the charge
of anti-Americanism with its demands for blind unquestioningly and talk of
good and evil the world's only super power seems to be increasingly
taking on the characteristics of a cult above all the US media have filtered
out anything that could lead viewers to question why so many people around
the world feel such bitterness toward Washington when George Boer soon after 9-11
provocatively raised a question why do they hate us so it seemed inevitable
immediately without examining some possible reasons such as the long history
of US interventions in the Middle East, South East Asia and elsewhere
instead the media pretty much accepted Boer's explanation that those who hate
the US are simply jealous of its freedoms and explanation that might be
satisfying but delusional like a girl convincing yourself other girls hate
her because she's pretty when it might be because they think she's a jerk
even after a foot year of media analysis of 9-11 Americans still have little
knowledge of brutal US foreign interventions
amply documented by Noem Chomsky and other scholars or the enormous power and
wealth in balances in the world of John Crachan
usually observed last week how could Americans have such knowledge when
their media following the White House script consistently present US
actions abroad as well meaning efforts to bring democracy to other parts of
the world rather than aggressive attempts to advance US economic and
political power so nobody thinks part of the story is missing when Bush
Bout to finish what our enemies have begun as far as the public knows
everything started with 9-11 out of the blue people came to hate the US for its
freedoms no one else ever experienced the kind of pain and suffering Americans
did on 9-11 back in 1991 when the beating of Rodney King by LA police officers
were captured on a video some commentators objected that the video didn't
tell the whole story didn't capture King being abusive to the police beforehand
provoking their fury but was that the whole story either if King was abusive
what abuse has had he been subjected to over the years as a black man in
America where does the story begin where does the rage start
crimes of course should be punished no matter what their causes the
perpetrators of 9-11 must be hunted down and brought to justice but what if we
really want to understand why such things happen and how to protect
ourselves in the future it seems kind of productive to block out all
information that might be helpful it's unproductive that is unless the
goal is to make sure that nothing changes
wrote Linda McQuig in yesterday's Toronto star eh well said
well said Linda although Scott Ritter sends me to the schmitter okay
he's one of those guys you know the expression he protests a little bit
too much yes that's him in other words he has no credibility
in fact why you know I think you can really boil it down to uh he's an asshole
right I think that sums it up pretty well how many votes we got 246 that are very
important pulled today which are going to send to the White House aren't we
no how do you feel about GW's plans to invade your rack I'm against it the timing
smells of politics 104 42.2 percent let's roll
Sodom's got to go all right 73 almost 30 percent 29.6 I'm
forward if our allies join in 27 I'm against it the US should never be the
aggressor 22 I'm forward even if we have to go at a loan 20 so let's see if
people are against it for what are 126 and we got 246 half of which would be
123 can you believe that I believe it 123 and 120 right down the middle
baby split right down the middle and I give them all a more high marks in the
world for a tremendous a phenomenal job of propagandizing
and a dog and pony show at the UN and of course he had some valid points there
it's a paper tiger they can draft 80 million resolutions they never follow
through nobody pays any attention to them like the the Israelis have to
fight over 200 resolutions by the way 200 are you
were there yeah yeah and they say yeah half a hoist baby it's
jump kipper don't bother us you know stuff like that so the UN is just
just a paper tiger and it's a joke I'd expect a joke and now the end which we
pay for it and now the Saudis are very gleefully jumping on board
12 minutes after 11 at 560 I'll say it again we ought to be in Saudi Arabia right
there we had to like go into our base there and re-out and just say oh we're
like we thought it was the Chinese embassy I mean we thought it was a wedding
I mean we thought you know we got a little bit turned around here our compass
our compass the lector I led to a few corpide lector and it happened to be
Saudis that's what we ought to be bombing a submission is freaking Saudi
Arabia that's the breeding ground that's the culture ground that's where they
got all the peachy dishes with a terrorist in every goddamn dish in every
madrasa that's that's where they teach him anyway I'm just
mentioning that in passing not gonna happen because there are partners in oil
12 minutes after 11 at 560 WTQA and summers over no more barbecues no more
vacations so now it's time to get serious about losing that weight because
not only is it ugly and grotesque you know one thing about when you're fat you
can't buy any clothes that look good that's why all of us who are fat are like
really bad sloppy dresses because what differences am I they don't they don't
make good clothes in spite of what Shirley Peters might try to turn it
around your eyes or totally feels all where she's now dead they just don't
make good looking clothes for fat people so if you're trying to be in a
slob but the most important part of being in bad health here's the answer for you
balance for life the beast who I would say was just maybe a year so away from death
wouldn't you at least he was he was close he was on a verge here's a young guy who
was like five foot four two eighty four he's lost 54 pounds oh I'm
balanced for life let's see April, May, June, July, August that's like in six
months right and you can do the same of course maybe if you don't have that much
to lose or maybe have more you can still do it and it's painless because it
takes you the problem with most people dieting what do I eat what do I buy in
the store what do I eat in a restaurant forget about those things because
they deliver all your food right to you in a little black sack you'll be
squeezing it really tight and the sack too every morning by six o'clock it's at
you door it your home and your office wherever you're going to be at that hour
and inside that sack is all the food you got for the entire day three gourmet
meals two delicious snacks little bottle of water in there too and all you have
to think about is which alternative you want for each meal to give you two choices
for each meal every day that you're on the program that's the only choice you'll
have to make and the weight just melts right off your body and you're satisfied
because the food is delicious the portions are very ample you won't be hungry on
this program I'll guarantee you that so if you want to lose that weight and look
better and be a lot healthier too call balance for life and I guarantee a note
in less than a couple weeks you'll look better than the beast call this number 954
56 it's called balance for life at 954 568 3229 954 568 3229 or check them out on what Todd says
to Troy whatever his name is Troy says it's a very prestigious website balance for life.com
we're driving half, pushing the soil.
What's your label?
If they don't insist this rubber three times, three thousand might will never be a penny.
But you'll blame washbooking or you'll cut them stupid, you'll put them back in upper truck and what the f***?
Pushes the shawty butt, f*** up.
Pushes the shawty butt, f*** up.
Pushes the shawty butt, f***ing them.
Pushes the shawty butt, f*** up.
Pushes the shawty butt, f*** up.
Pushes the shawty butt, f*** up.
Pushes the shawty butt, f*** up.
Pushes the shawty butt, f*** up.
Pushes the shawty butt, f*** up.
That's a waste of my patience.
Okay, so three people died in that building.
Broadway at Fortieth Street near Times Square in New York.
Two men, one woman, and they're not looking for any suspects.
Huh?
They're not looking for any suspects.
In other words, it was like, there were at least two guns in the room, I see.
Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield is the Venice, was in their office.
And I guess what they're saying, the president and the vice president of the company and some woman.
And who knows, maybe it was like a love triangle.
Maybe it was a gun party gone bad.
Who knows?
Murder suicide.
Whatever it was, it was a shootout in Broadway.
And they're not looking for any suspect.
Jo and Jo and Mark tonight, we'll have them money to head football at Gatsby's Kindle stop by to win some more crappy Q&A prizes.
Enjoy specials on Crown Royal.
It's the Eagles and the Red Skins tonight at Gatsby's in Kindle.
We got the big news for it tomorrow morning.
Now why is that big news?
Huh?
Why can't we talk about that today?
I mean, we could, but I mean, I get a message from Clarence about that on my machine Friday night.
Get off your stuff.
I mean, what?
I don't get it.
I think maybe we got some people taking themselves a little bit too seriously.
The audience is interested in the people around here.
Okay? I mean, we on this show, we make a big deal about the people behind the scenes.
And this one did this.
And this one got my check screwed up.
And this one got a delivery today early.
Whatever, you know.
And it kind of like spices things up a little bit.
But generally speaking, the audience doesn't tune in a program.
They hear the program director, the general manager, the operations manager, the guy named Saleshold.
But I guess tomorrow morning we'll spill the beans.
264 votes on that survey.
And it's almost right down the middle.
About what you think about GW's, how do you feel about GW's plans to invade Iraq?
They're not plans anymore, baby.
It's going to happen.
We're going in.
Scar tactics is foreign policy.
This is an edit.
No, it's not. It's a column.
See, I made that mistake with a great, oh, you would have loved it.
A great column in the National Post here on Friday about all drugs ought to be legalized.
Okay.
Not just marijuana.
Not to be criminalized, but all drugs should be legalized.
And I thought it was an editorial because it was on the left-hand page.
And then I realized that in the National Post, which is a very marginal newspaper anyway,
their editorials are on the right-hand side of the page.
And the commentaries are on the left.
See what I'm saying?
I say, ask backwards.
Maybe that's like a brick thing.
I don't know.
But anyway, this is an article by Steven Jefferson, a relation to George,
Palm Beach Post comments from this past Saturday, scared tactics is foreign policy.
Adult of a certain age can remember when the foremost terrorist was the boogie man,
a remorseless creature so evil that he was ever ready to wreak destruction at any time.
Once upon a time, the mere mention of his name was enough to keep children in line,
parents desiring to maintain their power to make unilateral decisions often mention this hobgoblin.
If you don't do what I tell you to, they caution the boogie man will get you,
or they would promise if you behave, I won't let the boogie man get you.
Stratton would horrendous consequences.
Youngsters rarely ask what specific details or proof of the monster's potential,
rather, most simply accepted as gospel at a force without to destroy them and react it accordingly.
Fitted an error on the side of being overly cautious, then to ask logical questions and risk annihilation.
In actual politics these days, that naive premise, though insulting and condescending to an intelligent electorate,
still being forced and un-American public, primarily because when confronted with problems,
we crave scapegoats and simplistic solutions.
Little wonder that as a nation, we're allowing ourselves to be manipulated more by our fears than guided by our consciences.
Consciousness is...
For this election cycle, our president, knowing that fear can cancel needs for logical explanations,
has targeted us for a terrifying boogie man who demands our full focus.
This monster, president, portioned sister Saddam Hussein.
Although the terrorists that attacked us, they heard at home last September,
came mostly from Saudi Arabia and had allegiance primarily to Assamab and Laden,
our president and sister, without first achieving a clear victory against those fanatics,
we must invade Iraq to get rid of Saddam Hussein and dares us to question that dictate
as the risk of being labeled unpaid to your attic.
Undeniably, the U.S. was caught sleeping last 9-11,
permanently traumatized by that tragedy where it determined to be more vigilant.
So when our president tells us we need to attack Iraq, we listen.
Apparently, so do leaders of France and England, having witnessed the terrorists
sold upon the once-involvable America, they fear such attacks in their countries.
Thus, by conscious dain of our leaders, foreign affairs have been placed at the top of America's political agenda
for that so-called urgent, recent, or domestic problems have been dismissed as frivolous.
The thuggery and major corporation that has robbed many Americans of their life savings
is no longer a major issue, as concerns about the economic conditions in this country
and the need for improved guidelines to protect investors have been replaced by plans for war.
The high cost of drugs that has caused many senior citizens,
even if they stop taking need of medications,
or to take them only as affordable, no longer as being debated.
And strategies to protect the environment that must serve humankind long after Iraq's current leader
and our own leaders around the office is being ignored.
Our president is declared to the nation in the world that prospect of war
with Iraq must take precedence.
Of negligible concern, we are told as allowing our forests to be stripped of more trees
and are protected land and water reserved to be plundered for oil to replace the supply that would be disrupted by a minneed war.
War requires such sacrifice and scared to death too many of us without questioning believe.
Traumatized by terrorism, we prefer to believe in a boogie man,
and evil without conscious, a scapegoat in which we can focus all blame,
that concept absolves us of the need to think about the nefarious motives that compel self-serving men to act.
But in our rational moments, I urge that we acknowledge the brutal reality taught us by 9-11,
modern warfare can no longer be confined within the borders of any country,
nor can such conflict be limited to designated troops.
Modern war will encompass soldiers and civilians in violence too massive
to be extinguished easily by peace treaties,
in that context victory has little meaning.
W's conflict event is right, one of our favorites,
Maureen Dowd, the New York Times.
Yesterday, don't you love Maureen?
Yes, I do.
She says, when George W. Bush ran for president,
he mocked Bill Clinton's addiction to posters
and promised to tear down the cynical White House trellis of politics and policy.
As it turned out, Mr. Bush didn't need the permanent campaign.
He has something far more potent than permanent war.
Carl Rove and W. have designed a mirror image presidency.
They take everything poppy to the conservators' regard as a mistake and reverse it.
The right thought that the father's world was too short?
OK, the son's world will be too long.
The right thought that the father's world should have ended with Sodom's disappearance?
OK, the son's world will start with Sodom's disappearance,
and build its rationale around that blessed event.
Like his dad, Mr. Bush is not keen on delving in the tricky domestic issues
like social security, healthcare, and pension protection.
It's hard for a Bush to envision the need for a safety net.
When the Bush is getting into the bunker, the democracy operates the way they like.
It's not Messy and Kakafana.
Oh, here we go. I knew she'd do it.
Kakafanas.
Yes? No, easy.
Oh, I know what it means.
They could cap any by never saw it in that the forum.
Did you?
No.
It's not Messy and Kakafanas.
It's utterly insumphonic.
There are sheriffs and outlaws, patriots, and madmen, good and evil,
churches and hitlers.
The Bush's love doing things in secret, and without a lot of meddling from known outings
in Congress, and smart Alex in the press.
In peacetime, such macho behavior comes across as high-handed, but in more time, it looks like strong leadership.
Critics of a warrior president risked seeming on patriotic.
The Democrats are shackled.
They majority voted against the Persian Gulf War 91 after it went off with the detachment of a video game they were pilloried.
Now they fear that if they approach Desert Storm 2 the same way,
raising objections about motives, casualties, cost, or post-war strategy,
they will be portrayed as McGovernite Wimps.
The Republicans fighting dictator malfeasance can't travel with Democratic churches about GOP donors corporate malfeasance.
In war, the polls are always ginguistically celestial, thus fake Karl Rove,
whose advisory Republicans they can gain control of Congress by exploiting the war on terrorism.
The wartime press is respectful, producing gauzy TV interviews and square-jawed photo spreads,
rectifying mega-presentential syntax, and mindlessly repeating minister of information
or a fly-shared celebration of the President as resolute.
Minister of information, sorry, fly-shared.
Mr. Bush gave us splendid speech at the UN, he's right that Sodom is a scumbwit scud,
but there was no compelling new evidence.
Mr. Bush only offered an unusually comprehensive version of the usual laundry list.
Sodom is violating the sanctions, he tried to assassinate Poppy, he's laid on his mortgage payments,
he tips 10%, he's not has an digestifiable fondest for my way, he's gassed his own people,
he doesn't turn down the front brim of his hat.
There was no more attempted tie, Sodom to Osama, the Hawks don't know if Osama is dead or alive,
but they know that Sodom is alive and it can make him dead.
The Warriors gave a raspberry to the UN, making it obvious that Mr. Bush was just going through the multilateral motions
by revealing the general Tommy Franks is moving the US central command from Tampa to Gutter to get ready for war against Iraq.
The Bush principle of preemptive is already being adored and exploited by other world leaders
who have their own devious uses for it.
Pakistan is where the India will pounce in the Bush manner, and Mr. Bush's soulmate,
founder of Vladimir Poon Tang, just warned the UN that he might preempt rebels in Georgia.
At lunch with the York Times reporters on Friday, Tom Daschel was muted in his criticism of the President
and conceded that Mr. Bush's transformation to a wartime leader would make him a formidable candidate.
He had the Senate award that Mr. Bush's preference for preemption could wreak havoc with global stability,
and he wondered whether Iraq would damage relationships with attacking Iraq with damage relationships with Indonesia, Pakistan,
and Middle East allies necessary to root out terrorists.
Is this now more important than the more untary asked? Does America have conflict of interest?
Are we fighting in one war in two places or are the two wars tripping each other up?
Ask Maureen Dowd in the yesterday's New York Times.
It's very for good ol Maureen.
He's always good.
I always use his words that I can't pronounce.
Kakafonis.
Kakafonis.
Kakafonis.
1128 at 560 WQA.
If the Shmoots in your carpet is like a Kakafony of Mung.
Kakafonis.
Exactly, if that's what it is.
Here's the answer for you.
Dry concepts.
They'll come in and they'll suck out all that Kakafon in the fibers of your car.
That's how it works.
That's what they call a dry concept because they drag clean your carpets.
Same concept that's used directly in your clothing.
When it's out, suck it out.
The dirt that is.
It leaves your carpets looking just like brand new.
Smelling lemony fresh.
They dry in a couple of hours.
Believe you, you'll be amazed at what they've finished job they do.
Which is why I've been using them in my house for over 20 years.
The rimmer has used them and even paid for it.
How do you like it?
Yeah.
In my relatives, whatever I got left, they use it too.
And you'll love them.
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the jobs.
You don't have to worry about rip offs.
And of course, like I said, your carpets are dry in just a couple of hours looking just like brand new.
Dry concepts also doesn't even be the best.
So, if you want a stoop, pendus guaranteed job at a guaranteed price every time.
These are the people you'll always call in.
Broward call 954-370-7778.
That's 954-370-7778.
And data upon each column at 1-800-248.
5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
Clean today.
You can entertain to your hearts delight tonight with dry concepts.
My life and local.
This is 435-60.
You wait, you wait.
I can't believe you have no one to grow.
Tell me why.
Why I do spooks.
I go to the hotel.
I go to the hotel.
I go to the hotel.
I go to the hotel.
I go to the hotel.
I go to the hotel.
I go to the hotel.
I go to the hotel.
I go to the hotel.
I jump in the water.
I jump in the water.
I jump in the water.
I jump in the water.
I go to the hotel.
I jump in the water.
Got my eyes opened up.
Getting strangled up.
Oh, why don't you know why?
Why don't you know?
Hear them snore into the store.
I pay while past the shoe roll.
No issue, why don't you know?
Why don't you know?
Oh, they're no.
Oh, they're no.
Oh, they're no.
Oh, they're no.
I'm honored to be introduced by Jim Leach.
He is a distinguished, honorable, honest man.
Well, it's about time we found one.
Let me 35 and 560.
You know, Carl also me to press this,
to actually just send me about pop-up stopper.
Yes.
And this, uh, factor says, uh,
and aware it does not stop pop-up ads,
and it's for spyware.
Right, which are also pop-up ads.
Spyware is one of the things that cause pop-up ads.
Huh?
Say what?
Spyware is one of the things that cause pop-up ads.
Spyware is the programs that get installed into your computer,
that will send information when you're on the internet.
Yeah, which will cause the pop-up ads to come out.
I got pop-up ads of the...
Rectum.
But in any rate, I think I'll try the antivore again,
because this pop-up stopper, which I don't know,
you know, the guy sends all the information about this,
but it's so complicated to install.
He starts out by saying,
I know Neil is not the very computer friendly.
Well, I'm not like a wizard if you've partnered expression,
but I mean, I can find my way around.
I've been around a block a couple of times.
I got a copy of that fact too,
and I was going to try it out and let you know what it is,
so I don't know how invasive it's going to be.
Well, even if it's sensational,
I guarantee you a base-based,
and when I'm reading here,
there's no way I could install this program.
It's like three pages of this,
just to install one little tiny program.
It says that the file is very small,
and should download less than one minute,
and it's set up and so on.
But to install it, you have to like stand on your head,
and I don't know.
I'm going to try and add a word again.
If more, I'm just going to take the goddamn computer,
and toss it off the window.
How does that sound?
Sounds great.
And I'll just read the funny pages on the year of the day.
That's all.
Just go out and get the goddamn funny pages.
Here's the grand, I'm starting to like that Palm Beach Post,
except for the really crappy sports section.
I'll hook this up.
Who cares about that anyway?
Huh?
Who cares about that?
I do, and by the way,
now that hockey is starting, maybe,
we got the exhibition games coming up this Friday,
by the way, Leafs on Leaf TV,
which I'm one of their 10 subscribers.
For the first time ever,
they're televising all the exhibition games.
And anyway, now the sports pages here are full of hockey stuff.
Just like down there.
I'm sure.
Why should they have hockey stuff
when they're often beat up on two girls teams
in two successive weeks,
and get off to their usual two-end start?
Oh!
I'm sure you're going to rest more on this shoot for ex-Preston Hawaii.
Oh, I got some pre-stuff a little bit later on.
Time for midding.
But anyway, the Palm Beach Post ran this editorial Saturday.
Very short, two-point,
Sistink,
and it took a big pair for them to put this in there.
It's in the headline on the editorial is,
Who The End of Blow Hards.
Tiger Woods will try the riskiest shot to win a golf tournament.
Jack McCus was the same way when he played.
Neither, however,
will offer an opinion about our Gusta National Golf Club,
which hosts the prestigious master's term,
allowing a female to join.
But Martha Burk, who chairs the National Council of Women's Organization,
gripped it and ripped it.
She told Augusta National Chairman Hoody Johnson that there might be a book out of TV
sponsors if the club didn't lower the gender barrier.
Mr. Johnson said the change wouldn't come at the butt of a gun.
Especially today,
there are more serious things to worry about,
but Ms. Burk has a point.
Augusta National may be very private,
but a host a very public event.
The arrogant white men who run Augusta National insist that their tournament
be considered a national treasure elsewhere in the nation.
However, it's 2002.
Mr. Johnson is making a stand over something that's stopping worth fighting for.
A long time ago.
Short edits for our own Saturday's Palm Beach Post,
right on target in spite of all the sexiest men out there.
Remember the poll that we took that day?
Yes, I did.
The result was puke inducing, man.
It was got wrenching to me.
But, you know, that's the way it is.
We got a mostly male audience.
And they figure screw the women.
Okay.
Which has always been your philosophy, too.
Be right back.
You're the woman.
And believe me, I've seen those lady golfers.
I don't think you got too many shaker, too.
293 votes on our poll were approaching the 300 mark.
How do you feel about George W.
is planning to invade Iraq?
Here's George W.
And when a neighbor loves a neighbor indeed,
America has a whole benefits.
And Dean, I want to thank you for your leadership and your company.
Thank you, Dean.
298 votes.
I'm against it.
The timing smells of politics.
124.
It smells of politics.
We're a little bit of petroleum rubbed on it.
Let's roll.
Sodom has to go 88.
I'm forward if our allies join in 34.
I'm again at the West should never be the aggressor 27.
And I'm forward even if we have to go at alone 25.
So let's see 27 or 124 is 151.
And we got 296 half of which is 148.
How do you like that?
Talk about even Stephen?
Yep.
And so tight, you couldn't even stick a little curly hair in there, man.
Freckum.
Tight.
Really tight.
Maybe not as tight as screw-in, but you know the way that goes.
Roy!
How's that bitch doing, by the way?
Last time I was there, she looked like she'd aged 50 years.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because the copy theory is after the copy demons.
Remember when Skippy was in there, it was before you got sick.
Skippy came in that one day, I think it was a week ago today.
Hey, I'm going to get you a new copy for Emile Coast.
You know something, Skippy, you're an idiot.
You're going to fit in that sales department perfect.
Did he give me a new copy for Emile Coast?
No.
Did he give me a new copy for the other 50 accounts they handed him on a platter?
No.
That branch must went out in the soul?
No, no, no, no.
No.
And he's probably being advised by PD Lenny and Todd Dreck and all those other schmucks back there
who don't believe in copy.
You know, they're going to show me a thing or two.
I'll tell you one thing.
Once we start getting our organization put together tomorrow after this duolities over,
tomorrow, once we get back to a business and we get our structure of this organization
before they sell this place, you mark my words, man, the schmucks are going to hit the fan back there in sales.
No, seriously, I'm sending two people to beat the stout out of that bitch tomorrow.
You're just out of principle.
Not the sales people, just screw in.
Just because she makes me nauseous.
Am I getting my point across or not?
And while they're at it, maybe they'll take a poker too with the water now so you just put the hell of it too.
Soften her a net crusty latitude up a little bit.
1141 at 560 WQM, who want to go out for a fabulous feast of the Emerald Coast.
We don't need, you know, I mean, what else to point?
What's going to tell me that we don't already know?
Although maybe they got some special going on.
We don't know anything about, you never know.
So whether you're big and fat already and just want to go in there and pick out,
or whether you're just somebody who likes delicious fresh food at a very modest price, this is the place.
You can go in there and eat and eat.
Mind your mind, your mind until you're like ready to bust.
Three locations for you.
You can find Emerald Coast in sunrise.
They're in North Miami Beach.
And now in Pembroke Pines.
They got six different kinds of soups.
They have dozens and dozens of great entrees.
And they've got surf and turf on the weekends with the last king crab and New York strip made to your order
at their amazing gourmet center with the Sicilian Asian grilled featuring teriyaki steak, shrimp chicken, seafood, hand-carb prime.
Let me see again, cook to your order.
And they also have a full-sadded bar, sushi bar, fresh shrimp cocktail.
And by some miracle, if you haven't like picked out to the point of almost puking your guts out, they've got a dessert bar.
Pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, fresh fruit, it's well worth trying to save a little room for.
Or just stick some in your pants and take it home.
Emerald Coast, three locations sunrise, pine island at 44th Street, columns having to just north of 163rd and north of Miami Beach.
And at Flamingo and Pembroke Roads in very prestigious and geriatric Pembroke Pines.
Emerald Coast accept reservations.
Take out and deliver your available as well called 954-572-3822.
It's a sensational feast anytime, but now it's surf and turf on a weekend.
Emerald Coast and believe me, Skippy's coming in with some coffee, George. Is he in the door right now?
Nope.
Finder, the local, this is 560. The radio's on yours now.
Q&A.
This is the Neal Roger Show.
This is your brain.
Any question morning.
We have mercilessly taken the following material out of context with out and dorsen or permission from those depicted.
It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible.
We hope we've reached that goal, or at least major life.
Friends and distinguished guests simply put, President Bush can read only at the most basic level.
I'm working with a variety of organizations to achieve President Bush's great goal, learn basic vocabulary words.
Education is a top priority for President Bush.
And I presented him with the children's dictionary.
I'm proud that my husband, just yesterday, he said kindergarten.
Because education brings opportunity, our public schools are open to every child in America.
And President Bush, thank you for your help.
And you're welcome, and especially the state of Florida wants to see you.
Welcome because the state of Florida gave us George W. Bush.
Make no mistake about that.
I think a lot of people are going to be thinking about that coming November 5th in the state of Florida when they go to the polls.
Assuming that we'll be able to vote.
Assuming that there will be machines there.
Oh, by the way, black leaders want Leahy out.
I'm going to say it again.
David Leahy and Dave, and what's the name of one in Broward?
Miriam Olafayr.
Oh, yes.
They should both be fired right now this month.
Oh, you should have seen your, because I'm sure you're not getting the local coverage up there.
Of all of the Miriam Olafant vans and different colors, like one for every day of the week and all the fancy lettering.
Now that's become a racial thing.
See, because she happens to be dark and complex.
As if that has anything to do with it.
Believe you me, there's plenty of white.
David Leahy is white.
Oh, my God, difference to us.
I say fire both of them right now like before the end of the day.
It's only the 16th of September.
We still got like, you know, a month and a half before November 5th.
If you get some goddamn school kids in there, they could organize the thing better than these assholes.
You bungled it again, you idiots.
Man, and get those poll workers, get some people under the age of 200.
Some people that don't bring their teeth to work with them in a glass.
God, I think that's what happened.
I think they ran out of polo then.
And a lot of those old parts like locked the doors and went out to go down to goddamn wall greens and stand online.
Whether it discount coupons for polo then.
This is a great article.
Did you read this by Andrew Gumball for the independent UK?
I have taxed a bunch of things, which one?
Oh, the Andrew Gumball.
Yes, it is.
Andrew Gumball and Los Angeles writes this for the independent UK.
And of course, leave it to the British papers to put in the good stuff.
Oh, I'd speak of that.
My good friend, Lynn Samuels, on her website, LynnSamuels.com.
There's a story about the Carlisle group.
Did I mention that TV before the show today?
No.
Yes, I did.
Well, I forgot.
Well, just a minute.
I'm going to a website right now.
Am I computer?
Which I may not be very computer-literate, queer to that one guy.
And nothing's coming up.
Oh, no.
Come on, Lynn.
What are you doing to me, sweetheart?
It's a blank screen.
I was just looking at it earlier.
One moment, please.
Let me try it again.
No one, how can that be?
LynnSamuels, bigstep.com.
It's just not there now.
Okay.
Well, let's take it a rest.
At any rate about the Carlisle group.
And there was shady relationship with the Brits.
Anyway, fortunes of war weighed bushes circle after attacks on Iraq,
as headlined this article by Andrew Gumbel in LA.
He says, the last time the United States went to war against Iraq,
Dick Cheney did very nicely from it.
Having served as defense secretary and fast in the reflective glory of the US military,
surprisingly rampant advance across the desert stands to end the Iraqi occupation of Kuwait.
He then managed to reap benefits of a very different time once the war was over,
and he left government to become chief executive of Haliburton,
the Texas-based oil services company.
When the United Nations-related sanctions regime in 1998,
and permitted erected by spare parts for its oil fields,
it was Haliburton under Mr. Cheney's leadership that cleaned up on the contract
to repair war damage and get Sodom's oil pipes flowing at full capacity again.
Two Haliburton subsidiaries did business worth almost $24 million
with the man whom these days Mr. Cheney calls a murderous dictator in the world's worst leader.
Since taking over his George Bush's vice president,
Mr. Cheney has severed all formal ties with this former employer,
notably when he cashed in $36 million in stock options and other benefits
at the height of the market in August 2000.
But Haliburton currently struggling with a corporate accounting scandal
that may or may not implicate Mr. Cheney could profit all over again
if the much threatened new war against Iraq comes to pass, which it will...
We can certainly expect more air strikes against the world
fields, possibly combined with a ground invasion.
Then when it's all over, someone's going to have to mop up the damage once again.
Haliburton, with its previous experience in unparalleled political connections,
not limited to Mr. Cheney, would be in the pool position for the job.
Nobody could justifiably accuse the Bush administration
of why and to wage war in Iraq solely as a favor to its friends in the world business
and the military industrial complex.
But many of the companies that stand again most from the war
enjoy remarkably close ties to senior figures in the administration.
And some of the president's closest confidants have shown extraordinary elasticity
down the years in their attitudes to President Saad.
I'm America's Onigain Offigain, Public Enemy Number One.
Mr. Cheney has gone from Wormonger to Dealmaker, in fact, to Wormonger,
is just one example.
Donald Rumsfeld, the current defense secretary, has repeatedly raised the specter
of Iraq's arsenal of weapons of mass destruction.
But in 1983, when Mr. Rumsfeld was President Reagan's special envoy to Iraq,
he turned a blind eye to a rakiuse of nerve and mustard gas
in its war with Iran, concentrating instead on forging a personal relationship
with the Iraqi leader, then considered a valuable U.S. ally.
Mr. Rumsfeld was actually invagged that on the day the UN first reported
a rakiuse of chemical weapons, but chose to remain silent as the rest of the U.S. establishment.
Five years later, he cited his ability to make friends with Saad who say
is one of his qualifications for a possible run of the presidency.
This Bush administration has been much more upfront about the role of oil
and its deliberations on Iraq than the last one.
That's partly a matter of circumstance.
Since the 9-11 attacks, the stability of Middle Eastern oil states has been a big policy
consideration, but it also reflects the fact that much of the Bush inner circle,
including the President himself, is made up of former oil men.
The oil and gas industry has pumped about $50 million to political candidates
since the 2000 election.
There are also uncomfortably cozy ties between the government and the defense industry.
Mr. Rumsfeld's oldest friend, Frank Carlucci, a former defense secretary himself,
now heads the Carlisle Group and Investment Consortium, which has a big interest
in the contracting firm United Defense.
Carlisle's board includes George Bush, senior and James Baker,
the former secretary of state, one program alone in the Crusader Artillery System,
has earned Carlisle more than $2 billion in advance government contracts.
Carlisle's European chairman is John Major, who may have played a major role
in the Ministry of Defense's controversial recent decision to declare Carlisle
a preferred bitter for a stake in its scientific research division that's the story I was talking about.
None of these links is illegal, but that doesn't mean that there's no conflict of interest.
Mr. Bush, Cheney and friends have either sold their stock holdings
or put them in a blind trust, meaning personal gain is off the agenda.
Again, for their friends and family, may well be a byproduct of the looming war against Iraq.
Oh, it's just your imagination, Neil.
After all, you're so anti-Bush, anti-...
Absolutely correct sir.
316 votes on our survey. How do you feel about GW's plans to invade Iraq?
I'm against it. The timing smells of politics. It stinks.
The stench of commonore is lingering in my nostrils right now.
Can you smell it?
Oh, man.
Especially now that my nasal passage is in my open thanks again, Dr. Havv.
Thanks, Rimmer.
Gotta thank him for something, because he gets a real sensitive.
131 votes. I'm against it. The timing smells of politics. That's 41.1%.
Let's roll. Sodom has to go in 93.29.2%.
I'm 40 if our allies join in 36.
Only if I'm against it, the US should never be the aggressor of 39.4%.
I'm 40 even if we have to go at a loan 28.8%.
So add up the again at 131.1% and 131.1% out of 38.1%
159 would be here. Can you believe that?
Yeah, I believe that.
159 is half a 318. We got 161 to whatever the other is. 158.
Shocking. Black leaders want lay he out.
Oh! God damn it.
How come they don't want Miriam Olofana?
She got a little...
Oh that's right.
I forgot she's...
She'd be your after the other dark vans. Dark lady with dark vans.
We got stuff on her too.
Oh, I guess before we do that, this is...
Oh, God, I got so much damn good stuff.
We only got an hour to go.
Go home, mad dog.
Oh, that's right. We got that big dolphin game to talk about.
I wonder how much credit he's going to give the Patriots in Tom Brady
for that shellacking 44 to 7 over the Jets yesterday, huh?
Since he gave him kind of like a marginal pat on the ass
for their walloping of Pittsburgh last year.
See, they played Pittsburgh in a Jets who were supposed to be two pretty guy damn good teams
in these two weeks as opposed to the two girls teams that often play.
Even George knows that.
George could beat the Lions.
Yeah.
Just by yourself.
Gate couple moves in next to Falwell's Church to preach acceptance.
Oh, and this week I mentioned to you off here.
How come I haven't talked about it on here?
Because I got too much stuff here.
Yeah.
On the city confidential on A&E.
I guess our audience don't watch A&E.
Because if they did, I wouldn't have a fax by now for sure
about the piece they did Saturday night.
Now last night they did about Madeline Oherender family kind of like...
Disappearing?
Yeah.
Disappearing?
It was pretty interesting about Austin, Texas
and how the right wingers are moving in there now.
Why used to be a very liberal wide open city is now becoming...
But at any rate, so Saturday night, the thing was about Doug Danziger
and the Willowses, Kathy Willows and Jeff.
And there was Dr. Kennedy was on there.
Spoughton has usual crap, as usual anti-human crap.
And they said, and they had the guy, what's the guy's name who started Spring Break?
Kind of a chubby old guy who's got it.
He always wears the silly cap with one of those whirlie broods on top.
What's all his name?
Well, at any rate they had a piece about the Willowses on Saturday,
on City Confidential on A&E.
See how soon we forget?
Well, here right in line with that gay couple moves in next to Falwell's Church to preach acceptance.
A gay activist and his partner moved across the street from the Reverend Jerry Falwell's Church in Lynchburg, Virginia,
hoping to correct what they see as the misinformation that past has been spreading about homosexuals.
We just want Lynchburg to see us, an old gay couple, and realize that we're as boring as they are.
Said the Reverend Mel White 62, a minister with the Metropolitan Community Church in LA,
who goes through it, Falwell's autobiography.
White and Falwell have been acquaintances for more than 15 years,
before White announced his homosexuality, and have since debated Falwell's belief that some gays can be turned straight.
When Falwell partially blamed the 9-11 attacks on gays last year,
White said he was disappointed that his old friend had become so dogmatic and started planning a trip to Lynchburg.
Jerry promised to tone down his anti-gay rhetoric, white said,
it broke our hearts to see what he was doing.
Falwell, who later apologized for his usually-intembrate comments,
and even was rubbing his stinky winky doll, said White's move from across the road from the Atomis Road Baptist Church,
is a publicity stunt meant to harass his ministry.
But the couple he said is always welcome to church.
I can't think of anyone who needs it more, Falwell said.
Mel White abandoned his wife's children and parents to move in with his mayor lover.
I hope he turns his life around, or turns his wife around.
White moved into the forum cottage on Tuesday with Gary Nixon, 52, and their dog Bentley,
the two who still own a home in Laguna Beach, California, signed a one-year lease,
planned to spend their time visiting with their new neighbors, and exploring the city's many parks.
We love it, we never lived in a place where the leaves change, White said.
Never lived in a place where the leaves change?
Yes.
Like right here, look at that, there's someone I feel a change right now.
In October, members of White's activist group Soul Force will join a couple
to restart a local parent's former lesbian's engaged chapter and go door to door
to talk about homosexuality.
From October 25th to 7th, hundreds of Soul Force members are expected to arrive in Lensburg
to mark the three-year anniversary of a 1999 meeting with Falwell.
Now we are your neighbors, not just in spirit, but in fact White said in a dinner invitation.
He handed the hand-deliver to Falwell's office this week.
Carol Church, 56, who went white on a service last week of the first Christian church
said he thinks the couple will fit in.
What's not to like, she said.
He seems like a fine man, a dedicated Christian, said church, who has since left
a couple of set of wooden chairs and a dining table from her basement.
Church said she's happy White will challenge Falwell in his home community.
How do you like them, apples?
Then wrote apples.
1157 at 560 WQM, we got Manage of One, the Humpir of Three for a short show.
He's gotten that more with him at five whenever it is at 315.
Tom Lehman and Halle's party are doing it one more time.
They're always doing it. They're constantly. They never stop doing it.
They're absolutely doing it this time.
They know because they continue offering you 0% financing
and you hurt me right with a proof credit from GMAC.
You can get yourself 0% financing for up to 36 long, excruciating months
on all 2003 Pontiacs and GMC models.
But I sure hope we get some more information about those great 2003s, don't you?
Any time now, any minute now.
In fact, I can almost smell that red muskrat now all the way up here.
Or take a rebate up to 4 grand and all 2002 Pontiacs or GMC models in stock.
And while you're at Halle, it browsed it around with no pressure from the sales holes, of course.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs, including the Envoy.
Voted by Motor Trend is the SUV of the year last year, plus the the all new Pontiac Vibe SUV
with a power of a sports car.
It's just a teeny tiny fraction of the price.
Halle's also has always got a gigantic dependable selection of pre-owned cars, trucks SUVs.
And as far as credit is concerned, have no fear, even if he wants new scurran, no problem at all.
At Halle, Pontiac GMC.
So if you want an unbeatable deal, if you want to get treated like a human being, this is the place.
Halle, Pontiac 134176C Highway.
US1 right across from the prestigious falls open every day, seven days a week.
Halle, Pontiac GMC.
We be professional grade.
We are sports radio 5cp, UAM.
And now I do believe it be the one that's low valor.
Hello, babe.
Are you okay, babe?
Wow, I was trying to take my morning tea, and felt like I was on fire.
Woo-hoo!
Uh-oh, sounds like you might have an STD.
STD?
You mean I'm being motor oil?
No, an STD.
You know, a sexually transmitted disease?
I bet you got it from a student tip on cohesions out on the corner.
How then?
Did you forget to wrap that rascal?
But we only did it once.
That's only tips you did, son.
Now you have to go to the doctor for some medicine.
Wow, looks like I learned a valuable lesson today.
Hmm, when you're telling me to take some tanisterin, there's a little bird without you.
There you go, George.
Take some pedestal in.
Okay.
I'll try some do-for-one.
There you go.
See?
That's my psychic power-skicking again.
George's got a doctor who's an asshole by the way, and of course many people can relate to that.
Sick is a dog trying to get into his doctor like an emergency situation and calls just to try to get a prescription called an after-like go-and-ear and actually see somebody because it was too sick to do that.
And just, and they got back to him like hours and hours and hours later and suggesting why you really should go to the Imperial.
All that's in line.
Oh, they called back at 5.30.
Like as an afterthought.
Like, oh, we're closing the doctor couldn't get to you.
Your doctor blows your doctor blows bites just like online detective blows.
Anyway, here's the big news and I've saved it for this big noon to one hour, one to noon hour.
Panthers are reename the office depot center.
Oh!
Here's the big story of the day.
I know we'd have some hockey news out of South Florida.
Office depot are arena operating company and the Florida Panthers announced what's the date on this Friday.
A 10-year agreement giving office depot that name the rights to the Panthers so much so no more Macarena.
What are we going to call it now?
The office depot.
I'm still calling it the Macarena.
I'm the term city agreement office depot center is now the exclusive name of the 20,000 seat sports and entertainment venue located on one panther parkway in sunrise.
This partnership strengthens our leadership position in South Florida and provides us with a marquee branded venue to further support our integrated marketing efforts.
Whatever, then that sound like a wonderful bunch of double talk.
Yes.
What does that mean?
The center is a vital and vibrant part of our community.
We hope to continue its tradition of positively impacting the South Florida community through a wide range of sports entertainment and fundraising initiatives.
We're very pleased to have office depots.
Our new naming rights partner said Jordan Zimmerman, partner slash president of the Panthers.
They were a reputable local advice company whose corporate philosophy and commitment to the community,
compliments those of the Panthers and the facility.
It's with great pleasure and pride we welcome them to our facility as opposed to the what was the name of it before?
I forget it.
I haven't called it the Macarena for so long.
I forget what the other guy named it was.
What is the name of the car rental service?
Oh, the national car rental rental rental.
Right.
And then of course Wayne went separate ways with that.
So now it's the office depot center.
All I can say is.
Let's go to the Macarena.
Michigan arrest warrant.
Look at the LA he think.
Michigan arrest warrant issued for ex priest in Hawaii.
And arrest warrant has been issued in Michigan for a former Roman Catholic priest living in Hawaii who's charged with criminal sexual conduct.
Robert Burkholder, 82 of Leeward, Oahu,
was charged August 27 with two counts of secondary criminal sexual conduct.
He's accused of assaulting a 13 year old Detroit area boy in 1986 in Detroit.
The warrant for Burkholder's arrest was issued Friday according to Detroit news.
He's going to be arrested over the next several days, Douglas Baker with deputy chief assistant Wayne County prosecutor told the paper.
And a recent interview with the news, Burkholder acknowledged having sexual relationship with up to 2,000 boys as young as 11.
Isn't this interesting?
Here's another one of the stories where the ages of the boy seems to be very, very young.
You know what I'm saying?
Yep.
We just got carried away, Burkholder said, of the 13 year old boy.
He might have been lonely and priest our lonely persons too.
We need friendships and kids love priests.
I weakened. I was looking for affection and popped an erection or something like that.
Wayne County prosecutor Michael Duggan has branded Burkholder one of the worst pedophiles we've ever seen in this state.
Burkholder's attorney Irving Tukkel of Tukkel, T-U-K-E-L Irving Tukkel of Vingham Farms said the client, his client has dementia.
Too much of that funny business with up in the young boys is now what they said in the Godfather?
Something like that.
Too much comedy.
Too much comedy with him young boys.
Tukkel said he planned to ask for a competency exam in Hawaii, a move that Wayne County prosecutors are not contesting.
Now let me ask you about the sopranos.
You watched them sure last night?
Of course.
Now was the one last night where they out on the snow with a guy that they were going to blow away and he got away?
No.
That's an old one?
Yes.
See I'm watching because these are the ones that are on air every night and I can't for the life of me.
I don't know what that's all about.
So I would assume that the new one would have been on that channel but it wasn't.
I watched for about five minutes and that part of the movie seemed like a rip off.
What was that other, the Miller Miller crossing?
Was that it?
Okay.
Sure they took the guy.
I mean there was no snow in that movie but they took it.
Some.
Right.
I don't know to me it's like a poor, it's kind of like a mishmash of a poor man's godfather.
It was crossing the line.
It was crossing the line.
With a lot of four letter words which is only reading the first season so that you can actually understand what's going on and then you'll understand it.
Oh there is the picture that been out sheep guy, nice head gear.
Man.
Black leaders want Leahy out, stung by what they believe is evidence of further disenfranchisement in last Tuesday's election.
National and local black leaders tend to take action against they county officials.
If they don't remove election supervisor David Leahy before the November election.
See their piss because they're saying again they were disenfranchised.
This can't keep happening to one group of people and no one sees this is done deliberately said Bishop.
Oh Bishop Victor Curry minister and community leader and you know what is be beside those two things what he is.
He's an asshole.
Why people, Cubans, everybody should be mad he says.
Even Cubans.
Curry on Friday said he'd fight against a trans-attached proposal on the November 5th ballot and groups including the NAACP.
The Democratic Black Caucus and people in the United to leave the struggle for equality.
But to take legal action of changes are not made in the elections department and he's right.
Curry said he was used with use his WNBM radio program on their 10 watt station to campaign against a proposed sales tax to fund a $17 billion expansion mass transit in big county.
The tax is a brain child of Mayor Pingha Pakenia who says it's vital to a weed congestion and improve quality of life in the county.
Curry said panelists placed a higher priority on that than on insurance citizens can vote.
What's more important to the citizens and other tax for transportation that we never benefited from or making sure our constitution rights are in place.
Victor Curry said it was supposed to show that every squirrel sooner or later finds a nut because he's got his thumb right on it.
The also said he would start a countywide petition drive for Leahy's removal.
Curry hopes that thousands of signatures will convince Pingha Pakenia County manager Steve Shiver and commissioners that Leahy must go.
Let's hear it.
We want the Saudi deal stop now.
I was talking about that Friday for the 10 of us who saw the movie network.
Isn't ironic another part of the ingenious of patty trashy being 30 years ahead of his time and here was the Saudis.
Remember they were knee deep and they were up to their outfits and telegrams.
Yep.
There were sucking telegrams at the White House because of Howard Veele.
I'm as mad as hell.
I don't think I think this anymore.
And poor Robert DuVell Frank Hackett was having a nervous breakdown.
Right.
Because Saudi Arabia was taken over they were buying out one of the four major networks in the US.
The Saudis baby.
And then of course I think back to that 60 minutes piece.
Remember it's many months ago.
Sure.
And they show that Saudi chic that son of a bitch in there watching CNBC.
There's the stock ticker going and all these people.
And all these people lined up to kiss his ring and kiss his ass.
Right.
They get together so they can bow down and kiss him.
Pastors resigned after porn complaint.
She would be having a spade of these again.
Frederick Spurge of Berg Virginia.
The pastor of Roman Catholic Persia resigned after a fellow priest complaint.
He had gay pornographic videos and photos in his rectumary bedroom.
The Reverend Daniel E. Hamilton pastor of St. Mary's parish in Frederick Spurge stepped out August 26th.
Bishop Paul Asla Verde said.
Hamilton 59 had been a pastor of St. Mary's for two years.
The ICCs would not make him, not make him mail over comment.
To tell no proof.
Like that.
They gave him a gag order.
The ICCs said Hamilton was ordered by the Bishop to undergo evaluation and treatment last fall,
cooperated fully despite these facts.
Certain persons recently took it upon themselves to publicize father Hamilton's past failing.
The ICCs said in the statement because his ministry could be negatively impacted,
father Hamilton submitted his resignation as pastor.
Five father.
X pre-sentence in Australia.
A former Roman Catholic priest was sentenced Friday to more than ten years in prison for sex offenses against teenage boys court officials said.
Vincent Kirin Kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
That was his name.
Is that beautiful or what?
Yep.
Vincent Kirin Kiss, pleaded guilty last month to ten charges of indecent assault and three charges of sexual abuse against four boys
during 1966 and 1973.
Kiss.
Seventy was sentenced to ten and a half years in prison and cannot be paroled for seven years.
The New South Wales State District Court was told Kiss met his victims then aged between 13 and 17 when he was chaplain to a Catholic school in Aubrey,
turned to town of a mile southwest of Sydney.
Prosecutors said Kiss would take the boys to Sydney where I'm trying to visit to Sydney, where he would sexually assault them.
I want to give you a kiss.
Judge Penelope Hock as in Hock, Mineshka in China said Kiss's conduct had been a gross breach of trust exploitation.
His conduct was appalling for any adult male but was rendered morsel as a teacher and spiritual advising a boys of his faith in mind and body she added.
Kiss served ten in prison after pleading guilty in 1993 to stealing almost a million dollars from a charitable trust to fund a lavish lifestyle.
Well, I guess you know if you're going to have a nice sailboat you've got to look, I want to give you a kiss.
Have some serious cash.
12 minutes past noon at 560 WQM 355 votes on a poll how do you feel about George W's plans to invade Iraq?
I'm against it the timing smells of politics. You can smell it just like that bottom yield wrapped in the elevator.
It's pungent. I'm against it. It smells of politics 144.
Let's roll Saddamast to go 100. I'm forward if our allies join in 42. I'm forward even if we have to go at alone 37.
I'm against it the US should never be the aggressor 30 to 32. So 176 we got 355 half of which is 180 a seven. It is tight.
Hey, all I made is a soft ill capsule. That's good for you. A lot of people have started popping it all over the place. I wonder if this is Skippy's account.
See, that's another thing that's going to end tomorrow when we have our ten new administrators in the building.
You know what I'm saying? It would be nice to find out who has these accounts. Don't you think that would be a good start?
I'm not suggesting something as radical as new copy. You know anything like that. But I mean, wouldn't it be nice to find out who has these accounts so we can maybe like approach them and crank their chain a little bit?
See if we can jump start their action. Anyway, in Oliom maybe you'll find the best olive oil on the planet along with a lot of other good stuff to help your health.
Vitamins and minerals and herbals are in there along with that great olive oil and Oliom made mix of different products,
which different part of your body and your health. One for your prostate, one specifically designed and divine to help your heart.
One for your blood pressure and cholesterol, one for your circulatory system, your digestive system, your endocrine system, your skin, your bones, even your mind,
screw in, even your mind. That's right. All using the benefits of the best olive oil on the planet and Oliom made got products for men and ladies as well. But I'm sure you know that by now.
Fix them up today. Pick up Oliom made at Walgreens Whole Food Markets. The viral pharmacy, Sedanos, it's a phenomenal spectacular sensation.
An amazing new product. It's pretty good. And you'll find it on the shelves in those stores or get more information on it by calling their toll free number.
Oliom made it. It's one 866 Oliom made. That's one. Do I sound a little uncoherent? No. Easy to understand why. Call one 866 Oliom made or a can order a product on their website too at oliomadeamerica.com.
The
most
is for 20
five
two
way up.
Where you fudge back.
This is Rosie O'Donnell. So you think I ain't a girl no more. Huh? You think I ain't a girl no more?
Two would I like to felt you want bang soon? Well for your information, I'm the queen, the queen of my castle.
Of course I'm a girl. Just ask any of my girlfriend. Like a janabino or an accountant. Don't tell you I'm a girl.
A girl on the girl. Just I don't like being a girl. And another thing. If you. Hey, what do you say to Rosie Boer?
Oh, hi, you Kelly. Are you ready for some golfing? No, I'd like to get one of my. And that's it, pal. I'm worried about everybody not thinking I'm fed.
Think I might have something to do with you smelling like the go of cuties. Fish pockets. You are a metal case.
Fish what a girl. Get out. I can't give you this. Give me what? What do you have on your back?
I'm on hand it over.
Vegetable. You got me. Vegetable. I am just bought. I would know the problems you got.
I'd be nice if you could clear up that mashed potato. Yes, the soul. Kelly, you're the greatest.
Why do that go around? You know that mashed potato used.
12.8. Maybe that's what got you sick last week.
12.18. 5.60. I guess what they just had on there. They had one of the smart heads. The guy whose name is but.
Oh, yeah, I saw him. His name is his name is but. Yeah.
Yeah, that's it. And anyway, they had him. Of course, they're going to be a lyric king. Those three guys who have got a whole different story now because they don't want to be accused of fraud.
Is that what they call fraud?
Defrauding the public. I don't know what that is. How can you accuse them of fraud or not?
But at any rate, they don't want to get their teeth in a ringer and then they had Eunice Stone on their lady from Joja from Calhoun County.
And she says she didn't have no salt and pepper. She's not in the business of going around making things up in addition to which she's not bigoted and she's talking about her decent.
She's like German Irish crowd mix something like that. I don't know. Eunice Stone. I believe her.
Me too. I mean, I can see that she has seen the guys, especially the ones were in a schmathend. She's kind of like looking through the lattice work there in a restaurant, you know.
Looking through the lettuce and the lettuce. But I just can't imagine anybody making up a story like that.
No, I think that's exactly what happened is that she was eyeballing them. Right.
He was calling them. Yeah. Yeah.
She was giving them the eye and they put all the custom phone with this red net cracker bitch and talks and smack right.
And there you go. Let's talk some smack and open our crack.
Rectome something like that. And then all of a sudden they're playing the wounded party now because they they stood up this whole crap thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars were spent.
Our taxpayer money in Florida, by the way, spent like crazy in that whole big investigation. And they had a send a guy named Little Rotor Router robot out there and all this other crap that the bomb squad, everything.
Hours and hours of free entertainment for South Florida. Maybe they had a charge for it.
Anyway, we have 362 votes in it's nip and tuck it's neck and neck don't forget to join Jo and Mark tonight nine to eleven from Monday night football at Gatsby's and Kendall.
What's the game tonight, by the way? Oh, it's the who is it? And you notice we don't care about it at football anymore. Do we?
Is that interesting to be you want to know why Marlant? No, because more ways than doing those games anymore.
I mean, who I want to hear those games with more Valbert.
Anyway, join Jo and Mark night and eleven Monday night football at Gatsby's and Kendall.
Stop by when prize and joy specials on crown world. It's the Eagles and a Redskins. See if I would just finish the promo or answer my own question.
I read it already before so I should have known that the Eagles and Redskins tonight at Gatsby's and Kendall columnist resigns over sexual relationship.
Naturally, civicated Chicago Tribune columnist Bob Green. Did you realize that Bob Green had a sexual thing going on?
Not that one. Oh, resigned after acknowledging he engaged in inappropriate sexual conduct with a teenage girl the newspaper said yesterday in a note on the paper's front page editor Anna Marie Lapinski said Green acknowledged the sexual conduct with a girl in her late teens whom whom he met in connection with his column.
Green 55 told the AP in an email Sunday. There have been indiscretions in my life that I'm not proud of. He didn't address the conduct that led to his resignation.
I don't have the words to express the sadness I feel green wrote. I'm very sorry for anyone I've let down including the readers who for so long meant so much for the discussed the matter today. I need to be with my family and loved ones. He wrote green is written extensively on social issues and American life and columns that appeared in the Tribune four times a week.
And we're syndicated for newspapers around the country kind of like a Doug Danziger thing here speaking of that.
Remember Doug Danziger was like never forget no. Yeah big big crusader big flag waiver like for a decency and morality and didn't real big day with that coverage Presbyterian church he was waving it.
In 1998 Green was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for columns on local children whose lives were mishandled by the judicial welfare systems. He's also written several books and provided commentary on Tribune owned WGM TV home of the Cubs home of the Cubs and they still suck.
Green's behavior was a serious violation of Tribune ethics and standards for its year and list of Pinsky wrote in Sunday's editions. We deeply regret the conduct its effect on the young woman in the impact of the disclosure was had on the trust are readers placed in green and his newspaper.
The Tribune first heard the allegation after receiving an anonymous complaint last week prompting an inquiry by editors know the Tribune officials of Pinsky wrote the conduct occurred some years ago she said green was suspended by the paper which then saw his resignation.
He submitted it Saturday night Gary Whiteman he spoke to him for a Tribune company said the newspaper would have no further comment.
Oh here's this story again we've had it before but it keeps the rearing its lovely head Nevada voters may legalize marijuana.
They're going to wind up with the same thing that oh and you weren't you weren't here when we had this there about Santa Cruz.
They're having a free pot a free pot they as a protest of the federal government remember we had to stir about they rated the the legal cannabis joints there right the medical marijuana places and the DEA when they're in a rated them even though they have local ordinances and statewide ordinance that permit the growing of medical marijuana California and so now we may have another
countertops the DEA I'm sure is watching this very carefully Nevada voters may legalize marijuana and Nevada they love gambling and tolerate prostitution now they're talking about legalizing pot.
All right a measure on a ballot November 5th will make Nevada the first day to allow adults to possess marijuana up to three ounces and up for maybe a hundred joint people over 21 would be allowed to smoke in their homes.
See in here in Canada they're talking about 16 legalization 16 Nevada they're talking people over 21 would be all you know what the legal drinking ages here 18 19 okay not 21 19 people over 21 would be allowed to smoke in their homes but not in cars at pubic places pot would be sold in state
and they're talking about the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and
the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and then the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and he wrote the corners of the links he says that right now he's going to have an illegal jurisdiction against the human rights Council and then he's going to have the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legalization of marijuana and the legal method, and then he's going to have it ready on the basis of the legal tomor
if the legal judges before including Klein, if the legal governments before presenting the legal justice again killed the legal scores.
there were issues they decide to submit.
in prison. In 2000 Nevada voters approved the use of medical marijuana and the
legislature voted in 2001 to make possession of less than an ounce of pot a
misdemeanor punishable by up to six months in jail on a thousand dollar five.
Opinion pulls on the marijuana measure so Nevada is almost evenly split with
opponents gaining ground. What measure are we sending our youth at this
initiative passes that it's okay to take drugs, hit school counselor Teresa
Gempsa if marijuana becomes legal and what drug is next. The plan was put on the
November ballot after the group led by Rogers and Adams for responsible
law enforcement gathered the necessary 75,000 signatures. See in South Florida
we're voting again on you know should we take Fag rights away and they're
voting on something like a little more progressive. Moving moving forward a
little bit even though it's taking them a hell of a long time and in South Florida
moving backward backward that's the word for South Florida as backward which is why
we can't get a guy demolition done right ever ever never and it just keeps
getting worse and worse and worse.
Germany's foreign secret service BND voiced doubts on US intelligence reports
that have warned of Iraq's advanced weapons of mass destruction program. The
Daily Berliners Zaitong said at a high ranking BND official is saying in Berlin
last Thursday acknowledging that Iraq was in fact continuing to develop its
weapons of mass destruction program. The official noted let us doubt whether
these programs are nearing a successful conclusion. The official letter that
all the way back order to UN arms inspected to leave the country 98. The BND is
still managed to obtain a lot of information on Iraq's weapons program according
to a 1999 BND report Iraq would be capable of reaching the technological level
of its 1990 arms program which included a remarkable nuclear infrastructure.
That last sentence is kind of like you know it's less like hanging there they
would be they could be but they're not close. It's basically what it boils down to.
Are they close? No. 27 past noon at 560 W.D. C.M. we got the angry puppy the mad dog
coming up at the one o'clock this afternoon. I keep telling you the
mad tree shopping is a waste of time and it's amazing it's shocking it's
almost scandalous that there are still people stupid enough out there who go
schlepping around from bedding to department store from department to bedding
store wasted in their time and hard and cash. If that's what you want to do be my
guest it's still a free country in that respect anyway so far but if you want to
get you a new mattress the smart way do what I always do make one easy phone call.
I mean that's the choice either run all around town get ripped off and get a
piece of crap or just make one easy call and get you a great name brand mad
for exactly the one you're looking for at an everyday low price call one 800
mattress right now get the ultimate freedom of choosing from the top brands in
the world. Sura C. Lee Simmons King Corley got them all and because they've got
low prices every day you don't have to worry about waiting for some special
sale in the wind up getting bait and swished and a mattress that you didn't want
in the first place so if you're not sleeping great if you're not getting a good
night sleep night after night you're back probably feels it you probably feel
it too. Give it to the old crappy mattress and call dial a mattress right now
they'll be there in no time and don't forget you picked a schedule any to our
window any day seven days a week call one 800 mattress right now and as
soon as tonight you'll have a big smile on your ugly push one 800 MATT R.E.S. or
check them out in the web at mattress.com.
My, my, and local, your sports video 560s you a, you a, m.
I get in and hold it this Sunday all the sopranos.
What the f*** are you doing?
Hey!
Well, mate.
It's not my f*** it's just as this.
Here comes the pro's act.
You want to take a lip over the tips.
Tuttle f***ing ooo.
You mother f***ing, you've got a real f***ing attitude problem.
Why'd you kick me in a f***ing ad?
The words that come blowing out your eyes.
Pretty sure, I'm getting a trophy.
There's two things I'm good at.
It's full of vents and spotting good f*** jobs.
I'm not able to let my own ass you know that.
You're born to this s***.
I'm a babbling idiot.
Can you just shut the f*** up without us?
Stick it up your ass.
I'm gonna touch your f*** off.
Get yourself under the vaporizer.
You're stupid mother f***ing you know that?
You f***ing piece of s***.
Oh, man, please.
Don't start with that name, puss.
What the f*** is your problem?
Or the f***ing audience with the pope?
I bet you're very good to your mother.
F*** you!
I'm a f***ing wad.
Yeah, f*** you.
Do you f***ing want me from f***ing day, huh?
It's nothing but a ragged for the Jews.
Yeah, it's Christ.
How you doing?
F***ing no Z.
Get your money, God.
I can't eat there.
It's got cholesterol.
Can I just get some macaroni and gravy?
That f*** you.
You f*** you.
F*** me.
I don't like that kind of talk.
Anybody else want to muff off?
F*** this.
I'm going to bokeh.
See, she said monocaut.
I know that that's not for real.
She did.
They're Guido.
They're specifically Guido.
I don't know.
I don't want to see that.
I'm going to see a monster movie, a gangster movie.
I want to see like real...
It's a movie.
It's a series.
It's a real...
I don't care what it is.
I don't want to see the real-designants.
Man, I don't want to hear like manic guns and looking around.
All of the other Guido's.
They really like it when they actually do go to Italy and how the Italians talk about them.
Yeah.
You would love that.
I really know how the Italians laugh about that.
You would have chuckled the deaf in the end.
In fact, the Italians hooked him up with one Carlos Buffon Gula.
And Channel 7.
Is there any of his names?
One of the Italians said that we thought the Germans would take.
Robert Fisk.
America's case for war is built on blindness, hypocrisy and lies.
George Bush and Donald Rumsfeld are willingly ignoring the realities of the Middle East.
The result can only be catastrophic.
Right?
Robert Fisk and the Independent.
Another Brit paper.
Years ago in a snug underground restaurant in downtown Teirán drinking duque duque duque.
And Iranian beverage of mint and yogurt.
Sodom Hussein's former head of nuclear research told me what happened when he made a personal appearance.
Why?
I was just digesting that mint and yogurt.
Sodom Hussein's former head of nuclear research told me what happened when he made a personal appearance for the release of a friend from prison.
I was taken directly from my bagged at office to the director of state security.
He said, I was thrown down the stairs to an underground cell and stripped and trust up on a wheel attached to the ceiling.
Then the director came to see me.
You will tell us all about your friends, everything you said, and your field of research, you are an expert the best.
In my field of research, I'm the best man.
That's when the whipping and the electrodes began.
All this happened, of course, when Sodom Hussein was still our friend when we were encouraging him to go on killing Iranians in his 1980 to 88 war against Teirán.
When the U.S. government under President Bush Sr. was giving a rep, preferential agricultural assistance funding.
Not long before Sodom's pilot had fired a missile under the American warship called the Stark in almost sunk it, pilot error claimed Sodom.
The American vessel had been mistaken for an Iranian oil tanker and the U.S. government cheerfully forgave the Iraqi dictator.
Those were the days.
But sitting in the UN General Assembly last week watching Bush Jr. tell us with all his texts and passion about the beatings and the whippings and the rapes in Iraq, you would have thought they'd just been discovered.
For sheer brazen historical hypocrisy, it would have been difficult to beat that part of President's speech.
Saddamer appears to end into a bad guy when he invaded Kuwait in 1990.
Before that he was just a loyal ally of the U.S. as strong man as the news agency boys like to crawl our dictators rather than a tyrant.
But the real lie in the President's speech, that which has dominated American political discourses into the crimes against humanity in 9-11 last year, was the virtual absence of any attempt to explain the real reasons while the U.S. has fought itself under attack.
In his mandatious article in this newspaper last week, President Bush's defense secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, also attempted to mass this reality.
The September 11th assault he announced was an attack on people who believe in freedom, who practice tolerance, and who defend the inalienable rights of man.
He made his usual absolute no reference to the Middle East, to America's woeful bias policies in that region, to its ruthless support for Arab dictators who do what's bidding, for Saddam Hussein, for example, at a time when the head of Iraqi nuclear research was undergoing his cavalry.
Not in order to America's military presence in the holiest of Muslim lands, in order with unconditional support for Israel's occupation of Palestinian land in the West Bank and Gaza.
Oddly, a very faint ghost of this reality did creep into the start of the President's United Rehabilis' address last week.
It was contained in two sentences whose importance was totally ignored by the American press and whose true meaning might have been lost to Mr. Bush himself, giving that he didn't write his speech, but it was revealing nonetheless.
Our common security, he said, is challenged by regional conflicts, ethnic and religious strife that is ancient and but not inevitable.
In the Middle East there can be no peace for either side without freedom for both sides, then he repeated his old line about the need for an independent and democratic Palestine.
This was perhaps as close as we've gotten so far to an official admission that this whole terrible crisis is about the Middle East.
If this is a simple war for civilization against evil, the line that Mr. Bush was so cruelly peddling against these survivors of 9-11 and the victims' relatives last week, then one of these regional challenges, lighted Palestine in sinewated way into the text of President Bush's UN speech.
Needless to say, this strange uncomfortable little truth was of no interest in the American Washington media whose willful refusal to investigate the real political causes of this whole catastrophe has led the way news coverage that is as bizarre as it is schizophrenic.
Before dawn on 9-11 last week, I watched six American TV channels and saw the twin towers fall to the ground 18 times.
The few references to the suicide killers who committed the crime may not have single mentioned the fact that they were Arabs.
Last week, the Washington Post and the New York Times went to agonizing lengths to separate their Middle East coverage from the 9-11 September commemorations as they might be committing some form of sacrilege or reacting in bad taste if they did not.
The challenge for the administration is to offer a coherent and persuasive explanation of how the Iraq danger is connected to the 9-11 attacks is about as far as the Washington Post got in smelling Iraq and not only dropped into the 7th paragraph of an 8-8-pure-graph editorial.
All references to Palestine or illegal Jewish settlements or Israeli occupation of Erablant were simply erased from the public conscience last week.
When Hanan Ashwari, that most humane of Palestinian women tried to speak at Colorado University on 9-11, Jewish groups organized a massive demonstration against her.
U.S. television simply did not acknowledge the Palestinian tragedy. It's a tribute to her own reporting that at least John Pilge's trenching program, Palestine is still the issue is being shown on ITV that's in Britain tomorrow night all of that, the disgracefully late time of 11-05 p.m.
But maybe all this no longer matters when Mr. Rumsfeld can claim so outrageously as he did when asked for proof of a Max Nuclear potential that the absence of evidence doesn't mean the evidence of absence, we might as well end all moral debate.
When Mr. Rumsfeld refers to the so-called occupied West Bank, he reveals himself to be a very disreputable man.
When he advances the policy of a preemptive act of war as he did in the independent on Sunday last week, he forgets Israel's preemptive 1982 invasion of Lebanon which cost 17,500 Arab lives and 22 years of occupation.
And it didn't retreat and military defeat for Israel. Strange things are going on the Middle East right now. Arab military intelligence reports the shifting of massive U.S. armed shipments around the region, not just the gutter and Kuwait but to the Arabian Sea, the Red Sea and the Eastern Mediterranean.
American and military is American and Israeli military planners and intelligence analysts are said to have met twice in Tel Aviv to discuss the potential outcome of the next Middle East war.
The destruction of Sodom and the breakup of Saudi Arabia, likely scenario of Iraq crumbles, have long been to Israeli dreams.
As the U.S. discovered during its fruitful period of neutrality between 1939 and 41, war primes the pumps of the economy.
Is that what's going on today? The preparation of a war to reflough the U.S. economy?
My Israeli colleague, Amira Haas, wants to find a Mayar job as journalists.
From on to the centers of power. Never has it been so important for us to do just that, for if we fail, will become the mouthpiece of power.
So a few thoughts for the coming weeks. Remember the days when Sodom was America's friend? Remember that Arabs committed the crimes against humanity, 9-11 last year.
And if they came from a place called the Middle East, a place of injustice and occupation in torture. Remember Palestine, remember that a year ago, no one spoke of Iraq, only of Al Qaeda and Osama bin Laden.
And I suppose remember that evil is a good crowd-pour, but a mighty hard enemy to shoot down with a missile.
Wow. Yeah. Kind of hard to shoot that evil down with a missile, ain't it?
Last time we checked 20-1 at 560 WQI. Most of the, well not most, but a lot of the good articles are in the Brit papers. Yes indeed.
Because they don't have to pander as much. Correct.
20-1, we got the mad dog coming along who's going to rave about that big dolphin went against the Indianapolis Colts yesterday who just don't have a watch. They don't have a clock. That's the problem.
They just don't get it. Or maybe it could be that the sandy-paint manning is just a little stupid. He looks stupid. Maybe he's a little stupid.
Highly overrated by the way, but you won't hear that on the station.
Hey, let me tell you about how you become a high-paid computer, a professional. You get yourself educated.
You've heard us talk about the big jobs that are out there in a computer business. How do you get an education and help you accomplish these things and get into an area where you can start making some serious cash.
There's only one school that's got four convenient locations in Dayton, Broward, and that school of course is fast train. How did you guess?
There's one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors convenient day evening and weekend classes. One school that's got full-time job placement department over 30 years experience. Only one school that's got Todd Reckas, their AE.
And with this school, your program can get certified in just four short months. We're talking hands-on training, baby. They'll put their hands right on it.
So if you want to get yourself into a meaningful career and start like I said, making a real serious salary call fast train 1-866 fast train.
The call is toll free. They'll be having to answer all your questions with no obligation whatsoever. That's 1-866 fast train or check them out on that Wicked World Wide Web if you like that fast train.com.
The family has captured the imagination of all of America. It's Al-Kita in the family.
The healing girl in Fidels, non-believer got to help. Giving in the cave that's now. She's out the day.
Oh, sound of the live in favor of son Todd is taking over the family business. Funny business that is.
Oh, shut up, idiot. You'll think that and where is that no good meat, turban son of mine?
You called for Al-Kita in the family. It's like something you've seen before.
Oh boy, some of mom's got ribs. What are you going to do? Eat them great Satan's and that's a man.
Um, no pup. Just build up my strength with a jihad. I'm not building up. I'm not blowing up.
When the son of a jackal gets a son of his own, he'll wear it in shoes on Al-Kita in the family. Only on Al-Jazeera TV land.
Trump 46 had five 60 WQ Emmits. A beautiful day here in Toronto. I'll tell you that man. The son of shining going to hit about the 73 today.
It's lovely. Oh, humanity. No ring. 386 votes on our survey. How do you feel about George W's plans to invade Iraq?
I'm against it. Timing spells and politics 155. Let's roll. Sodom has to go one on nine. I'm for it. If our allies do an N48. I'm for it.
Even if we have to go at alone 40 and I'm against it, you I should never be the aggressor only 34. So let's see yet one 55. There is 189 and half of what a 386 is one 93. It is tight, baby. It is really tight.
Look at this breaking. There's no breaking news on here. They're showing these six comebacks that they arrested in the lack of one in Buffalo.
There's no breaking. They're all over Yemen. Yemeni descent. They all in lack of one in the air. There's no breaking news on air.
Take that off. But area you assholes on CNN. There's no breaking news. We know all of these things. Okay. Stop it already. Quit your lion.
You maniacs. You axiomers. Oh, look at that. Look at what? Oh, they showed Bill Gates.
But they're long. Yeah. Oh. And there's that crap head. Yeah, that guy. Who I wasn't. I don't know. Some rich asshole. Yeah, exactly.
The university tightened security after more holes discovered in dorms. I love this story. This is from Boulder, Colorado. Maybe they should cover up those holes with a boulder.
University of Colorado students and three dormitories on our edge after people were discovered in several bathroom walls over six month period.
I can't imagine what bit we're playing after the next break. The most recent cases involving three people that were drilled through the housekeeping closet walls next to men's
bathrooms in Shion, Arpoho and Baker Halls. Can I say Arpo, a rapaho? You ever get a chance to a rapaho? No. The school is handling it well. And I'm personally not scared said Baker resident summer more 18. But other students are really worried.
Some are scared of the summer more than that. Sound like a hooker or something. University officials have arrested a construction worker in one case.
They've also got stepped up security by requiring weekly dorm inspections ID cards to get into utility closets and picture IDs for all the visitors. We're just devastated housing director Deb coffins said we're up all night thinking about what else we can do to keep our students safe.
The first people were found last spring, grilled through four utility closets next to a woman's bathroom at Fairman Hall. Sounds like one of those silly teeny bob movies. Right.
Campus police arrested contact construction worker Michael D. Hall 29 who told investigators he looked through the holes and watched women shower. He pleaded innocent to burglary and sexual assault charges trial a set for November 9.
Last week maintenance workers conducting inspections found the three latest people's campus police books when Sergeant Tim agross said the investigators don't believe Halls responsible for those holes, but they can't rule them out.
Nine women who lived in Fair and Hall of File notice of intent to sue the university for failing to warn them earlier.
Coffin said a security consultant has been hired to evaluate safety and surveillance equipment may be installed in dorms. But we're also worried about student privacy. She said we won't want them to be thinking there's a big brother watching over them just a bunch of horny guys looking through p holes.
Katie chip goes 17 said it's unsettling. That's for sure, but I'm not going to stop going to the bathroom because of it.
I go and Katie. Good thinking on your parts, we'd hard. Yeah, because when you got to go, you got to go, honey.
God. Oh, Colin sex calm, this causing stir. Natalie Khrinsky dares to go public on a topic. Most of her class mates keep between friends sex in the Elm City. Otherwise known as New Haven, Connecticut.
The 19 year old junior is the resident sex board at the early university student newspaper, one of a small, but growing number of college publications with writers who detailed the trials and tribulations of a favorite college pastime.
Their columns have campuses buzzing. And that's all right because we're 20 years old and just starting to talk about this stuff.
This is Khrinsky. We're 20 years old and just starting to talk about this stuff. Mine.
Who detailed her experiments with oral sex and some of her most popular and controversial columns last year. Now she's back for more this semester. She's back for more.
Squirt, squirt, open wide, honey. As your fellow columnist off and new Khrinsky uses a mix of wise cracks, raw language and unvarnished advice to make her points.
Newtody is inherently humorous. The body is beautiful. Of course, but things we do with our bodies in the sack are plain weird. She observed in one of her columns.
Tamer moments have you ever heard you're roommate having sex? It's embarrassing. You're embarrassed to be human. A column about folatio triggered hundreds of hits on the old haily news website. Some students were a gassed and threatened to transfer.
Is this journalism one gripped ripped? At least a few students and received the thing. So columnist papers from New York University, the University of Kansas to the University of California, Berkeley started their own sex column. Good for them.
Editor said they're taking a cue from off the internet base columns that openly addressed the topic. Some also note that they're simply giving their readers many of them sexually active before college. Can you believe that? Information they need to but never got from home or each other.
A recent survey of 15 to 17 year olds by the Kaiser Family Foundation and 17 magazine illustrated how taboo talk about sex is.
Among teens would engage in sexual intercourse only one in 10 discussed their plans with the parent at a time survey said about 40% of sexual active respondents also said they'd never talked to their sex partners about the AIDS virus and other sexually transmitted diseases.
Why would be nice to think the kids don't have hornum hormones in our way to have sex until they're married in their 20s. That's not reality. No kidding said Megham Bainham. Sex calmness is the University of Kansas student newspaper.
Next writing we don't start talking about these things into we're in our 20s. I'm glad to know that.
Because you know that talk once it starts with talk and then sports court before you know it. Who knows what's going to pop up 12.52 or 5.60 WQAM.
Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me
Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Join me. busy deafing with you in Canadians' language concerts. tricky with you under theBI exponential THANHRACK STUILICATIONS bubble camps are no plus two but two more students is
Susïcule P통osaagTeam. lloposfer by hunfriedaboy Please join sispar yagur
17 vaseroนะ칠 ramme events are no more
because they care about your comfort with all the other brands of shoes if they don't fit you have to go another model or
or type
This is this could be the worst single piece of copy I've ever read in my life. PD Lenny guess what?
You're going to the woodshed sweetheart. You're going to the woodshed go schlepping around okay?
New balance has got you to match your first line from infant to size 20 and with from narrow double A to X to Y for
For E now give him a 4F the result athletic shoes that give you the best possible bit like the great walk-in shoes
That I've been wearing and in fact this is my second pair these are the best I've ever worn in them out fallen on my ass all the time either
New balance is out for they got style shoes and
Sizes and with the shoes they could only find before in catalog
This is the worst piece if if they pay for this spot
It's got to be one of great. You know something even Jesse James never pulled a heist like this you know that
Yeah, so make make a run to new balance the soft food and apologize for me personally say Neil is so upset
They like to take PD Lenny out there and have him drawn and courted right out there in the parking lot and believe me well
Deserved make a run to new balance the stuff. Well in the adventure of all pinecrest and bokeh town center today if your feet could thank you
They would new balance. It's unbelievable
For glory
Oh
Oh
My mom and dad were hooked together like my winking wand
What's by my soul something like that?
Mom was yelling at the door dad was breathing heavy
My mom was on her knees
He was just had a poopful cause she kissed him where he pees
He's been pulled he whole
Watching mom and dad
He's been doing the whole the month we ever had
But we watched a little longer and I started to get sick if daddy's name is Albert
One mom asked for dick daddy grown it his eyes rolled back mommy wanted more
She's going back on top of him, but oh he did what you're
He's been through to keep home
At the minute's hat I can't wait to try to sell some girl in my class
I can't wait to try to sell on some girl in my class
Up at the end at five sixty w two I was at
197 both I bet you we can make 400 before we have to get out of here. You think all right
I think we get you more we got 397
How do you feel about GW's plans to invade Iraq? I'm against it the timing smells of politics
You might got bugs in here. Oh, no, yeah little tiny black ones. Maybe Steve can come up here
Don't come up here Steve. You're strange. We appreciate the great job. No, no more answer now's but I got bugs
I'm against it the timing smells of politics as far as this invasion of Iraq
158 said that let's roll so that I'm has to go
113 said that's 28 4% I'm afford if our allies join in 50
I'm forward even if we have to go to loan 40 and I'm against it. You I should never be the aggressor 36 be saying that
How's this thing gonna? Are we gonna get those other three or not are we are we done?
Now we'll get them two more minutes. I
Understand but it came like two off and I can't find a
Up on here get a blank screen. Oh, you think they sabotage my good friend Linda. Yeah, there we go 401
I got 401 401 in fact, I'm gonna get on the 401 that's the major highway up here the 401 you think that's like
Significant no no state department removes link to GOP website
It was an honest mistake the US State Department says explaining how its website giving tips to travelers headed for Guadalajara
Mexico served simultaneously as a gateway for a Republican party sales pitch
It must have been just an accident
With one clink a click a handsome photograph of president George W appeared another served up advice on how to get involved with the Republican party
Even how to make a donation the link which apparently have been operating for at least a week was removed Thursday after a reporter
Required about it on Friday a department official blamed the local employee in the West Consulate in Guadalajara
The official said the link has been removed and the employee placed with a link to the White House's
Spanish language website how do you like that?
Federal law bars government resources from being used for partisan political purposes
The New York Times said the site we counted highlights from Bush's record and offered for sale
We're public a member of be it and included Mugs ties
Scarves and ballpoint pens a spokesman for the Republican National Committee said party officials had no idea that a government agency's
Website had a link to the party site state department is acting to ensure that all its websites connect to appropriate sites
The official said now that they were caught with your goddamn website down. How do you like that?
That's funny those good Godfaring honest people God damn it. We're sure a hell of a lot better than he didn't like guys
