Hey ...
Not...
Aaaaaming!
What the hell am I always getting raped by men?
You have a nice back, Moe?
Why sure, but I don't ever get raped by brothers.
Women don't rape men?
And it's too bad.
There is such a thing as an attractive man, you know.
Moe?
What do you know, you crumb?
What do you some kind of fairy?
Why don't you go for your other monkey footy or can grind it down the hall?
I'm not a queer.
What do you know about being queer, you moron?
I've been writing up the note of difference.
Sorry, Moe.
Dad!
Now see here, we're supposed to be talking about sports here.
Not about good looking men.
Just men in general and nothing else.
This is sports radio over here.
We love men.
Dad!
But I guess the city have a perk.
Dad?
Like just the other night I saw this commercial on overnight TV.
When this guy was crawling out at the ocean, see?
Haha.
On this island filled with strippers that are brought, they looked okay.
But this guy in the commercial.
I would say in an objective sort of way, he was pretty cute.
Haha.
You like your laugh?
Your laughin' did I give you Clarice to laugh?
Was this where I skipped you eight more?
Haha.
And the guy was crawling out of the island?
Your thought he was cute?
Yeah, that's right.
Are you asked me to be objective?
I ask who you ask and you still make fun of me.
You wanna get fired again?
Ha!
That guy there had pinchable jaws.
Yeah!
It's okay with who got them funny.
Haha.
That was good.
Yeah!
Yeah!
You talkin' grand as monkey?
Yeah.
You know, maybe I am in love with that mango much in stick.
He certainly does make the ring of my nose glow like a neon rainbow.
Hmm.
One thing who fired was the bit just a reaction of suppressed truth about it being.
But I can't pretend but he know how much I want to have to his face.
Get out of here, holly.
You're all nuts.
You're all...
Hey.
I can't move.
Look at the bulging your pants, Smell.
Oh no.
If I move the wrong way out.
Hey everybody, Mom has just pants.
You're the doya, grunt.
Ow!
That weight, Smell.
I know three and five sixty WQA.
I'm happy you went to it.
And we have a little bit of a contra-tomps on our pool from yesterday, you notice?
How come I'm here in that echo?
I don't know.
Oh no.
You've got to be joking me.
It just went away real fast.
Sorry.
How come I'm here?
And that's Carlos again.
You know something?
18 strikes in your out-carlos.
And I think for you that was like number 20 just now.
Anyway, look at that 1237 votes.
Man, oh man.
See you little clowns out there.
They like to play the games with our pool.
They like to yank our pool and twist our pool.
And no, brother.
Eric loves them.
He must be giving them kickbacks.
Yeah, it must be it because he's making extra money every time.
They get out and they were in the dick around, if you know what I'm saying.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of Smallville last night.
Faaaaming!
It sure was.
Every five minutes.
Every time he got a little bit hot out of the collar.
So to speak, it was there.
Everything was burning down.
How do all the air conditioners in town break at the same time by the way?
I don't know.
And how does Lex Luthor get married like in five minutes after finding that teacher?
They must be in Vegas.
That could be it.
And anyway, it was a pretty exciting last night.
Not as that what we thought it was going to be.
They always give it the big build up and then there's a lektown.
You know, I thought we were going to like actually, you know, at least find out how long it was.
But at any rate, and that's what Lama thought too.
And she was really burned up at the end.
She was pissed off and fired up.
And poor Chloe, you know, she's squeezing him and grabbing him and yanking.
She ain't got to get it.
She'll never take a look at it.
And next week, you see the preview at the end, of course, with the spaceship devil.
And the spaceship now looks like about the size of a teacup.
It's sitting out there in the middle of a field somewhere.
It's about the size of a teacup and they find it out in the field.
And that creates lots of problems for Clark.
Now that show I was talking about on A&E two nights ago.
That two hours special about child actors and all that other crap was a good show.
So they did have somebody from the duxa hazard.
I forget who it was.
I guess a little punky kid who's still just as ugly as he was back then only even worse.
Don't know.
But at any rate, so they showed some old clips of duxa hazard when John Schneider was like,
I'm going to tell you seriously, John Schneider looked so good in those clips.
Even though that could have been one of the worst shows in history of television.
I was so bad at it.
I didn't even watch it even with him on the doubt it doubt.
I couldn't watch it even without a box.
Never.
I bet you Joe Castello watched that show though the re-roll.
Oh, wow.
Because that's right up his alley.
Anything with a car in it, you know.
He probably even watched the one with David Hanselhoff.
What was that car night writer?
Night writer, yeah.
So anyway, David, what was his name?
John Schneider looked so good in those days.
He made Tom Welling look like Fatboy.
Like, look like the beast.
That's how good John Schneider looked by comparison.
He ain't looking too bright now though.
You notice this season he started looking like really worn and haggard?
No.
Yeah, and I thought he kind of looked like Merle Hagrid last night.
Anyway, he had a lot of problems there.
And what actually happened after she breathed into his push?
You know, we kind of went away when she put that wicked breath into his push.
And he was kissing her.
I wonder if something happened.
Scourge work.
But we'll never find out.
Because that would be bad.
So anyway, getting back to our poll today.
1246 votes of which minimum 200 fakes.
And let me tell you right now, right about 8 o'clock last night.
11 o'clock just before I went to bed.
I watched them pump and crank into crank votes in chunks.
Chunks.
Chunks.
Chunks.
And then this morning from the time I came in here around 630 until just recently.
So even though it says don't get all panicky when you look at the poll result on your thing.
Because unfortunately, Moe has to be disqualified.
Sorry about that old Moe.
Nice try.
All the cranks on there.
Of course, it's interesting that he's got them on his side.
You know, I think there's something appropriate about that.
Oh, it's not bad.
It's just anything to be contrary.
Poll question was, who was your favorite dolphins radio play by play announcer of all time.
And the real result is since we're going to deduct those 200 phony votes.
I don't give a crap about the dolphins.
295.
Rick Weaver, 253.
The Weaver Meister wins.
Bill's in for 209.
I don't listen to the games on radio 173.
And when adjusted for 200 crank votes, Moe sucking up behind win with 116.
And I think I'm being generous by saying the return to crank both.
There was like 130.
Well, we're still on the areas today at the end of the show.
And boy, you guys, you pump them in there in chunks.
You're not smart enough to do it.
Otherwise, you just crank them in there in chunks.
Chunks in chunks all over the place.
You have to get a mop and clean it up.
So anyway, here it is.
It's a Wednesday.
Now, how come I mean, Muff was just in there.
Have you seen clearance?
No, not yet this morning.
They keep refaxing me these schedules and they can't get it right still.
Because I heard Moe say this morning that Joe Rose, the little dog, was on for the mad dog.
Why is that?
Because the man did his effing off again today.
There'll probably be his reason.
And more power to him.
Basically on mad dog.
That's the way to do it.
And the Humper, it says on here, 3 to 630.
And then 7 o'clock, we got the Crow and all the other pre-year baseball playoff games,
which would leave us 630 to 7 like naked.
See what I'm saying?
So I think the Humper's got a whole four hour show again two days in a row, which is pretty heavy duty.
I hope he's taking his vitamins.
Here's our poll question today.
And of course, today is October 2nd.
Do you realize the election is only just slightly over a month away?
Yes.
If the election were being held today, who would you vote for for Florida Governor?
Now, we didn't want to be for where we had Janet Reno in there, remember that?
Yeah.
Well, she's out there driving her red.
Pick up her round.
In fact, she's driving on one at Lanna.
I heard she was calling.
She's going back in the closet.
No, you said she was out there.
Anyway, here's the poll question.
If the election were being held today, who would you vote for for Florida Governor?
Bill McBride, Jeb Bush, or I wouldn't vote.
Those are the only choices.
Of course, we could put Bob Kunst down there, too, but we won't.
Since he's wasting all that fax paper of yours down there and sending it to us, faxes,
we don't care, Bob, give it a rest, okay?
Stop with the ego trips.
Go get it on his job.
Before they stick your ass in a pint box, just one or two days in your life.
You can get it on his job, Bob.
You can write it on your resume.
They can put it on your tombstone.
He worked for a week.
Instead of standing on corners, giving out bumper stickers and the latest cause, celeb of the day.
Man, who the hell is this faggot kidding, huh?
If the election were being held today, who would you vote for for Florida Governor?
Pretty simple and straightforward and straight up there.
What just happened?
It's CNN.
Go off on my thing.
CNN just disappeared.
That's good.
That's everywhere.
Why went out there, too?
Yep.
All right.
That's an omnis.
Maybe the mouse just got involved there, huh?
Maybe Mickey just shut it off.
In fact, next thing, next picture probably will pop up.
There will be Uncle Remus, the blue looking back at us.
That's his face.
Yeah, pretty dark.
Look at that.
They're having serious problems at CNN.
Anyway, Bill McBride, Jeb Bush, are wouldn't vote.
Pretty straightforward, like I said, right there, right back at you.
And get that other crap off of there as soon as possible, please.
Now, the Volca Brian this did show up yesterday, which is magnificent.
It's called Volca Brian Restitution and Mo Bits Volume One,
with little introduction in the back by Rich Pacti.
And I certainly hope that the ones that we sent out
have got a better, uh, these are demos.
These are demos by some reason.
Because the thing on the back there are a few words missing on the back there.
Rich Pacti's introduction.
We don't want to miss any words that he has to say.
Do we?
No.
Oh, like I said, but the liner notes.
And then, of course, on the inside, when you open it up,
it's a surprise.
Yeah, it's just, no, it's not a surprise.
It's, uh, it's something else.
I was surprised.
I have Pally.
Here's a big huge, uh, fat look at the teats on Edeka, huh?
Where does he find this, the man?
And it's sitting on the throne.
It looks like it's hard to tell because this whole body is covering up the bowl,
but never looks like he's sitting on the throne.
Hi, Pally.
So there's like a little bonus there when you open up the CD.
So anyway, go to NearRiderers.com, keep checking it out.
And the sooner later by the end of the day, Eric will have that on there,
with the new Booker Brian CD, or if not, you know, it's the way it goes, Eric,
which is a nice doughnut.
Sherolen in secret contacts with Palestinians.
The contacts were facilitated by a country which has no diplomatic ties to Israel,
probably the United Arab Emirates.
The unnamed Palestinian officials he met with could play a prominent role in a future Palestinian leadership
as Israel, the US, and increasing number of Palestinians are agitating for a new administration.
This is in the, uh, Israeli paper Ma'arriv.
How do you like that?
Halibi, who now heads the National Security Council, is accompanying Sherolen on his three-day trip
to Russia with started on Sunday.
There's a sentence that is missing in here for some strange reason why I printed it out,
but I'm doing the best I can.
Sherolen met in January with Palestinian parliamentary speaker Ahmed Kurai,
also known as Abu Alaa.
Well, that sounds like Ahmed Kurai, didn't it?
Okay.
Abu Alaa, the number two of the Palestinian Liberation Organization Muhammad Abbas,
and the Palestinian leader Ayesir Arafar, its economic advisor Muhammad Rashi.
The meeting Selvete Arafar's blessing came up with no solution.
They protected Palestinian uprising, which has now been underway for two years.
The Intifada for your father, for your father.
At the start of September, Sherolen said he was ready to meet with senior Palestinian officials
on the request of the official, who needed that name.
Well, there you go.
They're holding their meet behind closed doors.
Good.
And they better get something we saw pretty soon before Ariel eats it.
UN inspectors ignore US call to put Iraq mission on hold.
UN experts pushed the head yesterday with talks on the return of weapons inspectors to Iraq,
seeking an agreement with Baghdad despite a US call to put the inspections on hold.
I love the word they use.
They said that they were ready to thwart.
Did you notice that?
Yes.
They wanted to thwart the inspectors' return.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell said, late Monday,
that UN weapons inspectors should delay any mission to Iraq until the UN Security Council
finished deliberations on a possible new resolution that would tighten up the inspection regime.
But UN weapons, UN Chief weapons inspector Hans Blix,
made clear as he returned UN offices in Vienna for a second day of talks with Iraqi officials
that his marching orders came from the UN's top decision-making body and not from Washington.
I'm asked by the Security Council to do this job, and I be doing it, said Mr. Blix.
We're moving forward with our discussions that are our mandate.
And we'll, of course, take into account any directions from the Security Council,
said spokesman Melissa Fleming of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
We're moving forward with our business.
We have to proceed as if we'll return, she said.
While UN experts reported progress during the first day of talks on Monday,
Mr. Powell nevertheless took a cautious tone saying that Mr. Blix should wait for the Security Council
that its final say, and they said to you, they give me a raspberry.
Maybe the raspberry guy, they got him on the job, okay?
That's shocking that he calls all the shows on his speech, and she told me.
Yes, I feel much better about that now.
Man who never sleeps, he spends his entire life.
You think it's bad enough with the crank voters on our poll.
We got a guy that, the raspberry guy, calls around the clock,
Joe and Markey calls every show on the station off the air, and back at him.
And today being Wednesday, I almost forgot we got our big noon to one hour,
and he'll be, between noon and Monday, then.
All right.
Which is a nice reprieve, a nice rest right in the middle of the week.
It's excellent and well deserved if he asked me.
Is there still anybody out there who isn't playing at VIPsportsbook.com?
And I better tell you, you're missing out on a really great sportsbook.
You're plunging in a wrong place.
You hear a lot of ANSI's days, but you need to do some research before you put down your harder and cash at some unstable third world sportsbook
like out there on West Flagler Street or somewhere.
Let me help you out.
VIPsportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs.
They're Dutch based, and one of the first online sportsbooks.
So if you go on a roll of a lifetime, you want to be a working with the best sportsbook in the world,
which is of course like we've been telling you for a long time now.
VIPsportsbook.com.
The football season is in full force. We've got that big dolphin paper game coming up Sunday.
So you need to be with the best VIPsportsbook.com.
Open an account online and get you a 15% cash signup bonus.
And did I mention they have the highest parliage you'll find up to 2001?
No.
Well, they do. So get over to VIPsportsbook.com and play it a book with class.
Plums to your hearts content. Call this number toll free.
1-866-VIP-Bets.
V-E-T-S.
1-866-VIP-Bets.
And you can also sign up online and get that 15% cash bonus just by logging on to VIPsportsbook.com
or you be the VIPs.
I'm in law.
This is sportswear.com.
You will.
I'm out.
Okay.
Oh.
Down through the street points that went wrong.
This is your dollar and the dollar and the tax to gold.
Each day, honey, I'm gonna go you.
But when you take them back, it's the private.
With a hand job.
Hand job.
Hand job.
That's when you get your hand job.
Take your clothes on, gee, insist.
I brought a hose of lead down, and I like it to replace.
Thinking of a big room, though, this rat.
And only by this smell, can you tell where it's at.
Hand job.
Hand job.
Hand job.
That's when you get your hand job.
This is the kind of little big fat guys.
Cheat or out of eight, the ball went right.
That man takes to the shouting out.
Who would need to skate like a dog with power.
Hand job.
Hand job.
Hand job.
That's when you get your hand job.
All right.
Hand job.
Hand job.
So let me ask you, can you hear us today or not?
He's still having issues.
He might be able to hear us.
I didn't ask him, but he didn't hear the poll.
Oh, no.
Well, see we need to find that out because I want to add one more choice on there.
We'll call him.
Okay, if he election were being held today, who would you vote for for Florida Governor?
Bill McBride, Jeb Bush, I wouldn't vote or Mohawar David.
How much does he think he needs to be on there?
Yes.
He couldn't win this other one yesterday.
Even when you subtract the at least 200 phony votes.
In fact, if you only take away the 130 votes that we knew were bogus as of the end of the show yesterday,
he still comes in third behind Rick Weaver and Zimperon.
He liked that.
A distant third.
But nevertheless, keep working at it, Mohawar.
Okay, you'll get it right.
It's not that they don't like your play by playwork.
They just don't like you.
See what I'm saying?
It's not that they don't like his work on the games.
It's just they don't like him at all.
At any rate, so make sure he gets it because I see he's working on it right now.
In fact, it might be kind of cute to almost believe it the way it is on my home page here,
where it says, if the election for Governor Bingham, the day who would you vote for,
and he still got Rick Weaver, Bill Zimper, etc.
That inspired me to add Mohs' name to the list for Governor.
Well, why not?
I'll tell you one thing.
I vote for him before I vote for Bob Coons.
He's going to win.
Who's that, Bob Coons?
No.
Oh, you mean you vote for him?
I'll find at least that someplace for people to go.
I don't know.
In Augustant, 1200 votes again.
TV's Putney Bice that debates his McBride aid.
They're pissed off and fired up about our close personal friend, Michael Putney from Channel 10.
You know, good old Michael Putney, who's kind of like the Joseph Gackie of TV politics.
Yes.
Good guy.
No personality.
He's bland as Vanilla Putting.
His bland is tapioca.
Oh, it's big on tapioca.
I went out and got my Nestle's Turtle yesterday.
I walked into my supermarket.
I screamed out.
Take me to your leader.
That's LITRE.
A.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And sure enough, I bought me a leader of Nestle's Turtle ice cream and a jar of hot fudge.
And that sounds good.
Sounds great.
And it was great.
And what I did is I got me my little bowl and I to like spooned it in there like in thirds.
I did three different little sessions, you know.
And that's what I ate all day yesterday.
Nothing else and I lost a pound.
Isn't that great?
Yeah.
Didn't have wild wicked diarrhea or anything like that.
I think I'm doing it.
You sprinkle some Uncle Sam's cereal in there.
No, I did not.
Now, cereals are poison.
See, you just won't learn.
You refuse to learn.
Cereal would be bad.
It's got all that horrible trans fatty acids in it.
But at any rate, so like, you know, you put, you put a little bit in the bowl and you take spooned something out of hot fudge on there.
And then you stick the bowl in the microwave for 12 seconds.
And boy, kind of like it's all moushy together in there.
Oh, man.
That is so much better than sex or anything else that is just to die for.
In fact, I think probably Clark Kent is digging into some turtles right now.
TV's putty biased at debates is McBride aid moments after last week's debate between Democrat Bill McBride and Governor Jeb Bush.
Oh, see, he didn't put the other choice on there yet.
Come on, get with Eric.
We called him.
It'll, it'll show up.
Just calm down.
Moments after last week's debate between Democrat Bill McBride and Governor Jeb Bush.
The McBride campaign last out at the moderator recusing WPLGTV's Michael Puthney of bias in favor of the governor.
The campaign communications director, Alan Stonecy, for let the message on the voicemail of Putney's producer calling the veteran reporter a little dweeb.
Oh, what a dweeb.
It's got like a widow dwarf.
Now those frustrations are avoiding over into emails being sent across the state.
Letters to newspaper editors, a column in the online magazine salon and a suggestion that Bush knew would advance the questions that would be posed by random Floridians.
How do you like that?
He can fix the elections.
He can fix the polls.
He can fix the debates.
He fixes everything.
The fixes in.
The evidence is the now famous Sylvia Scott of Miami whose name Bush mentioned minutes before she was introduced with her query.
Stonecypher said yesterday that the campaign is not behind the allegation that Bush knew about Scott, but he reiterated complaints that Putney gave Bush more opportunities for rebuttal than McBride.
Specifically when Stonecypher approached Putney immediately after the debate Friday night, he complained about Putney's question to Bush about whether the governor was describing Bride as a classic tax and spend big government kind of guy.
The governor looked surprised by the question and replied, kind of sort of.
We got a lot of questions and complaints which are really ongoing Stonecypher said.
I was expressing that view as well as my own.
If the governor wanted to call Bill McBride a tax and spend liberal, he can do it in his own words.
Stonecypher said he was also unhappy about an op-ed piece by Putney that appeared in the hair of months of 10-25 just two days before the debate raising questions about McBride's choice of Senator Tom Rosson as a running mate.
McBride, though in an interview yesterday on Channel 10, downplayed his campaign's own criticism of Putney saying sure he sure that Putney didn't try to be biased one way or the other.
Putney considered the dean of Florida Television Political Reporters in other words, kind of like the Alan Burke of TV Political Reporters in South Florida, said yesterday the charges of bias are absurd.
He said he reviewed the tape of the debate and did in fact find that Bush received more rebuttal time, but that can be explained simply.
He said because McBride was on the attack more often as a reporter for 36 years and a political reporter in South Florida for the past 25.
I know that when one candidate attacks another whatever the format, fairness dictates that where it's appropriate, the person out of protection to give a brief chance to reply, he'd be saying.
Putney explained that Bush mentioned Scott early because the Jacksonville TV studio where the debate was held, lined up the next question around a TV monitor in front of the candidates, Bush happened to look at the monitor early putney said.
Solon magazine columnist Joe Connison question yesterday where the Bush had extraordinary psychic powers or learned something he shouldn't have known before the debate.
The Florida Democratic Party is keeping out of the fray those spokesman Ryan Banfield said he's received calls about Sylvia and complaints that Putney was overly deferential to the governor.
I have great respect for Michael in the Florida News Network Banfield said adding, I'm not as concerned as to whether the governor knew the questions, it's the answers he gave the trouble me.
It seems like he's not in touch with the average Florida and Banfield said, for its part, the Bush campaign station to work in front of a TV set Tuesday armed with a stopwatch and tape of the debate, campaigns tally 21 minutes, 23 seconds for the governor, 24 minutes, 47 seconds from McBride.
Republican strategist, yes, that McBride's can't complaints of the work of a rookie team picking the wrong fight, engaging in an ego max with the most important reporter at the region's top rated TV station is not likely to help McBride run over South Florida voters.
It says here is if that makes a difference. This is in the herald by the way. You think it's going to make a difference like like the voters out there are going to vote for somebody based on whether or not they're picking on Michael Putney.
I don't think they give a flying craft Michael would all respect you are a good guy. You're boring as hell and I'm not going to go on your show at any point ever in history, but nobody cares about you.
You don't want to say I mean we wish you all the best and all that stuff, but you're small potatoes. Nobody gives a flying flick 926 at 560 WQA.
Like I said, but I thought last night we're going to have a new Milky Way scored score and at one scene really going to show you know when they were watching that sex flick that oh boy.
Are those kids a little bit old to be in sex Ed, wouldn't you think? Yeah, you're never tool for that.
Yeah, once Clark saw those sperm starts swimming rapidly boy. He started like just the court court losing it.
They were flaming all over the goddamn place. Well, like I said, maybe next week maybe we'll get a glimpse of it next week.
There's never been a better time to buy a new home or refinance your existing home. How about a rate of three point? Well, we want to find out a thing about the big fetus.
Correct or not like we had that story yesterday that big fetus. There's never been a better time to purchase a new home or refinance or existing one.
How about this boys and girls? How about a rate of 3.95% that's right financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% by just your picking up the phone and calling financial group at their tool free number 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
That's 1-800-940-5363. The money you're going to save is absolutely. Oh, we're fine. Unbelievable. Think about it. You can get a hundred thousand dollar loan for only $450 a month or a $200,000 loan for only $950 a month. The process is simple and you'll save yourself in the long run.
So pick up the phone and call our good pizons our palies at financial group at 1-800-940-L-E-N-D. There's never been a better a smarter time to get you a low interest rate. Call financial group and you'll be on your way to big savings. Financial group is an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change. So call right now while you're thinking about it. Call 1-800-940-L-E-N-D. That's 1-800-940-5363.
Live and local. We're sports radio 560-CUA-M.
Oh God, Neil.
Our line to Ceno radio 560-W-Q-A-M presents Captain Mo Vaineroo. The ratings for the sports format were so bad we had to start paying the sponsors.
And when the only three listeners we had asked to get paid for listening well we thought we'd give this a try.
Hello boys and girls. This is your old Vainey Captain, Captain Vaineroo. We got your full duck at the moit in a marimond over here.
Er, this thing. I ought not be doing this boys and girls. I was a big star at one time, see. But I gotta tell you kids.
Live an imparadising cheap. I need the check. Understand? Alright. Let's see what we got over here. Got some great paper. We'll fingers up out the door.
What in Captain? What do you want, Green James? Look your own. Aren't you gonna say good morning to our friends?
They're right. Morning moose. They call me Mr. Moose. Those are their home black moose. And leather hair are the man dingle man.
You be dissoning. I'm hyped down pal. Your woolies are alright by me. Got the good strong loins from the proper breeding.
I don't know what you just said. That's because you're stupid. And now we're gonna make something out of this great paper. Understand?
They may be leather up. Pull the link sausage out of my pants. Okay? You're okay. Right now. Here's the paper. I'm gonna use sheets of one, Green James.
I'll take two. Two. So let your take. It's a joke you moron. I'll take one for me.
How many for you, Mr. Moose?
Little hole 10. 10 sheets of paper. Look at this black ass monkey over here. He wants 10 sheets. 10 sheets of paper.
Well I got loose for you pal. Paper don't come cheap. You're dumped it soon.
What you with it? I'm gonna cut your penis through. Come here, Green James.
Hey, where's your green jeep? Around my ankles. Where we want yours to be?
Pull him down, Green Jean. Oh no, not a daddy.
Hey, little hole, little hole. You little hole.
I'm a senior. Run me right back. Run, run.
Put your boys on the floor.
Just wait a second, you can't get any better and it does.
932 at 560 WQAM. Happy Wednesday to you. We got that big noon of one hour today.
With a little bit of levities, we try to lighten it up a few shades.
And then am I corrected? I hear Mo right today that they bring in a revised schedule.
See the new deal is now that we got 18 program directors.
They were gonna have the battle of the schedules. I think Muff is gonna make out one schedule and Claire is gonna make out another one.
Then we'll pick and choose whichever one we like the best or whichever one we believe.
Don't you think that's a great idea? Of course.
Because I heard Mo say that Joe Rose is filling for the Amanda today is what I'm hearing.
And Mo wouldn't lie. What do you want? That's beside the point. I think he got that right.
Hank will be on three of seven. Then we got to play off baseball stuff.
60 votes already on our floor to governor pool. If the lecture be held right now, Bill McBride 36,
Jeb Bush 14, Mo Howard David six and I won't vote for her.
And speaking who you vote for, here's the Marine Douds column in today's New York Times.
Can Hillary upgrade question mark?
Watching Robert Tora Sully mist and meuel as he was turned from the bosom of the send gave me new pause over that old question.
Are men biologically suited to hold political office and leadership positions?
We have the torch dousing himself in self pity and wondering why nobody will forgive him for something he claims he never did with the sugar daddy who draped him in a tight and made clothes and Tiffany bobbles.
We've got a cheerful Andrew Cuomo getting the vapors and being let away from the governor's race on the strong arms of Bill Clinton and Charlie Wrangel.
And Jeb Bush crying whenever his daughter is busted.
We've got Tom Dachel and a lipstick pink tie practically having a drama queen break down on the floor of the Senate about being the victim of those nasty White House bullies.
We've got the Dow the ultimate measure of macho capitalism going all fluttery jittery at the prospect of battle, depressed one minute hyperactive the next like yesterday.
We've got Erie Fleischer the same area who yesterday called on Iraqis to assassinate Sodom because the cost of one bullet would be substantially less than the $13 billion cost of a war in a swive it because reporters found out he registered for his wedding gift at Target instead of Tiffany.
The arenas full of powerful men in touch with their powerless inner women and yet surrounded by famous men public under pressure American girls are still downfall about the prospect of a woman becoming president.
According to a poll in yesterday's USA today 40% said they would not see one within 10 years and a grim 14% said not in my lifetime a woman president.
Are those 14% unaware of the clintonian relentlessness of the junior senator from New York?
In the latest sign that she's running for president in 2008 candidate Clinton is staying away from Al Gore's cum by a corner.
Whatever doubts he may have privately about war she's not articulating her angst is loudly as some of her democratic colleagues.
She knows that any woman who hopes to be elected president cannot have love beads in her jewelry case it may be too much even to be caught with a worn copy of tapestry.
Senator Clinton said that she'll support president Bush he'll be decides to take out Sodom.
I know a little bit about what it's like on the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue making these difficult decisions she told Tim Russert.
Justice her husband was obsessed with maintaining his political viability during the Vietnam draft candidate Clinton must keep her own political viability in mind during the Senate debate on war.
Although many Americans assume she's too polarizing a figure to ever get elected the former first lady has been shrewd and pragmatic in how she has handled herself in the Senate.
She did not have a tantrum when Republican leaders were stingy with her office space.
Hillary has offered the other cheek to those who once pilloried her and is charmed to Senate elders turning her Washington house into the Capriani fun raising and is put Democrats in her debt by handing out fistfuls of cash from her back.
Hillary and Bill her very own Dick Morris have a grandiose master plan that calls for John Kerry or John Edwards or Al Gore if he can find any democratic donors to be the sacrificial land in 2004 to a popular wartime president.
Hillary will try to quell criticisms that she's a pushy queen bee by playing the worker bee in the Senate for a few more years.
She will disabuse those who thought she was the liberal in the White House, veering away from the left on issues like welfare and bankruptcy.
Her supporters have sketched out a doomed day scenario that would catapult her into the White House.
In the flush of patriotism and empire building the Republicans take over the Senate and keep the House this fall then President Bush wins his war in Iraq.
He and his inner circle become more arrogant.
General Grove as he's known in Hillary land pushes through the most reactionary agenda since the Congress of Vienna packing the courts with young right wingers opposed to abortion and all regulations.
Congress too gets carried away with an ultra conservative agenda.
The maniacally centrist American public craves another correction right left right left Bush Clinton Bush Clinton yep in our lifetime says marine down today's New York Times.
It's enough to make you gag in it.
And you know what else it points out what democratic party certainly doesn't offer very many good choices.
No, in fact neither party offers well. That's just the way it goes. That's America for you and up here we're more concerned about much more important things.
Okay. I have in my hand this morning's national post which is one of the worst newspapers you'd ever seen your life by the way yesterday Toronto son the first three pages pictures of Ron McLean from hockey night in Canada.
We're concerned about the important stuff up here baby.
You got it.
We can't be worried about wars and invading countries and stuff like that like I told yesterday Canada don't invade nobody.
Okay, we might our own business a front page of the national post grounds well rises for CBC to we hire McLean and right next to it they can't afford him.
Please.
There are 87,000 articles just in the front section alone forget about the sports section about is Ron McLean going to not really not be back on hockey night in Canada and will we be able to survive this.
The CBC was under pressure yesterday from federal cabinet ministers and from a bat sponsor of hockey night in Canada to reconsider its decision not to renew the contract of Ron McLean the show's popular host.
And by the way last thing we heard here on city polls that only 25,000 apart.
So it looks to me like they're going to get together and come everybody down angry fans flooded the CBC with almost 10,000 emails and paraded in front of the networks headquarters in Toronto with bull horns to protest the opposing of Mr. McLean after contract talks broke down.
Last night that will report that the CBC was reconsidering Mr. McLean's contract but Ruth Ellen souls head of media relations for CBC English radio and TV said this was not the case.
John Manley I mean this is hysterical.
John Manley the deputy prime minister and finance minister waited on the matter saying Mr. McLean down share his long time straight man on coaches corner was worth the money he was asking.
And it goes on and then there's even an editorial in the freaking national post about it.
And if you turn to pages 10 and 11 in the front section Ron and Don meaning Ron McLean and Don Sherry more animated than ever.
And there's a picture of Laurel and Hardy next to it.
And then here's another article a hockey host who plays a classic comedy rule stand Laurel Jerry Sunfeld and Ron McLean and then on page 11.
Here's a big picture of Ron. He's worth more than a hokey drama. Thousands of viewers don't want to see him go.
There's 7,622 pages in the national post today about Ron McLean stand on hockey night in Canada.
How's it going? Hey Ron you'll be okay. Is that incredible? That's incredible.
So like I told you the priorities the interest to level of the people here as opposed to the people in South Florida where we can't even talk about even mention of what hockey on that morning show.
Because Gelly will be devolved. He'll be declared.
And for a guy who's supposed to be I guess he must have all the weight unlike in his genitals like on the top end you know what I'm saying.
He must be top head like a knob the room around no the room around town is that he's got the gigantic long but he's got nuts like like a like babies.
Which I guess what explain that voice maybe a little bit you know what I'm saying can't ever be there.
So there's the deal for you no hockey talk on QA and you can bet your life on that certainly not in the morning not from a 6 to 9.
I'm at very lengthy morning show 95 votes on our governor pull up the election for governor being held right now today.
Who do you vote for Bill McBride 58? You have pushed 24. Mo Howard David 7 and I won't vote 6. I totally won't get some good votes on there.
These are the ones who didn't get in yesterday on the play by play thing 940 20 to 10 at 560 WQ.
We better really hurry it up because we only got a couple more hours of this crap and then we got that big new to 1 hour.
Which I personally can't wait for myself. Does this sound like you overwork underpaid?
Duck it in and job under appreciated.
And do yourself a big favor and pick up that instrument or your phone whichever you like and call our good friends at fast train tool free at 1 866 fast train.
The demand for certified computer professionals is bigger and more humongous than ever and fast train can up you achieve a brand new money making career in as little as 4 months.
Fast train is South Florida's largest certified Microsoft training center with 4 locations for you in South Florida.
They're in Pember Pines. They're in Fort Lauderdale. They're in Miami and that brand new one in Kendall.
Fast train offers convenient day evening weekend classes for you. They've got a full time job placement department with over 30 years experience in place in folks just like you.
So if you're overworked underpaid under appreciated or just stuck in a crappy dead end job that doesn't pay squat.
Don't wait another minute. Pick up the phone and call fast train tool free even the call is free. 1 866 fast train.
There's another pigeon crappin on my balcony. Think about it and for sure at months you'll be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional in a career with great earning potential.
In other words serious cash at the end of the rainbow. Take my advice. Pick up the phone and call fast train right now at 1 866 fast train.
That's 1 866 fast train or check them out of the web if you like it fast train dot com until that Steve from Davie told you to call my life and look all this is for radio by 60.
Fort greater radio is what they do for you.
We're planning your next vacation looking for excitement in exotic location.
Then make your next pleasure trip a memorable one visit Palestine relax as you dine and newly remodeled open air restaurant.
Marvel at the view of the morning sunrise from your open air hotel room.
Experience the cultural differences between Israel and Palestine and back to Israel again all from the comfort of the local marketplace as it changes hands each day.
You'll be blown away so plan your next excursion to the land of Enchantment.
Palestine we're just a stone throw away from the Gaza Strip and you're wrong.
Anzuri.
Yeah, they're just the stone throw away 946 at 560 WQA and you know I'm really sorry that I read that article yesterday weeping about what happens if Disney buys CNN remember that the
Of course because it was crap you know I mean CNN is crap certainly not news. That's what it stands for for example right now there's Jonathan King the White House correspondent.
He's pretty good but they got the breaking news house reaches deal with the White House Center Mack language and the president seeks a tough resolution.
There's nothing breaking about that. Okay, there's nothing breaking. There's nothing sensational already by Congress.
Yes, if we don't know what he's looking for okay and they're all going to cave in in Nuckel under White House would welcome Hussein assassination from today's Washington Post.
The White House press secretary said yesterday the Bush administration would welcome the assassination of Saddam Hussein by his countrymen arguing that one bullet will be a cost effective way of removing the threat the Iraqi leader represents the cost of one bullet if the Iraqi people take it on themselves as substantially less than going to war.
President Bush's secretary Erid Fleischer said and when asked to televised briefing about the cost of military action against Iraq.
Ask whether the administration was advocating the assassination of Hussein Fleischer repeatedly replied regime change is welcome in whatever form it takes.
Fleischer's unusually colorful remarks created a stir in the White House press corps and Fleischer called reporters after the briefing to tone down the impact of his words.
I was making a rhetorical point about the cost of the bullet he said the point I'm making is not administration policy if the Iraqi people took events in their own hands the world will not share the tear.
I'm not stating administration policy I'm stating the obvious he said in a briefing the press secretary said there's no consideration of relaxing the American ban on assassination of foreign leaders unless of course it was in Vietnam or in Chile.
Following congressional hearings examining bot CIS assassination or in Cuba botched the CIS assassination in 10th century executive orders began in 1976 to have prohibited such a target of killings.
But the Washington Post reported last year that the CIA was contemplating clandestine missions expressly aimed at killing specified individuals for the first time since the 70s.
Drawing on two classified legal memoranda one written for president Clinton in 1998 and one since the attacks of 911 the Bush administration concluded that executive orders banning assassination did not prevent the president from lawfully singling out a terrorist for death by covert action.
Elliott Cohen a scholar at Johns Hopkins School for the events international study said the one that directives forbid the killing of a political leader if you're a military leader it's somewhat different and Sodom pills himself as a military leader.
Cohen also said that flesh is welcoming of an assassination by Iraqis would likely be shared by others in the administration of course they would welcome that he said many ways it would make things simpler all around.
Of course this is all windowed dressing because like Georgian I were discussing before the show today just killing Sodom and getting a new Sodom junior in their Sodom light that isn't going to solve anything because that's not what we want.
We have to have our military presence in there so we can occupy Iraq.
We can take over the oil field we can set up our own puppet regime like in elected Shaw which can have instead of the show of Iran we can have the show of Iraq or whatever we stick in there whatever we call them.
We can send the Dixha or Dixhaan or any of the air which all would be good although he'd have to change his head gear I'll tell you that.
122 votes on that pool if the election for governor was being held today who do you vote for in Florida Bill McBride 73 Jeb Bush 31 Mohawar David 10 and I won't vote eight.
This is from common dreams new center by Ariana Huffington you know she writes some pretty good stuff for a bitch you know I'm not right.
Huh? Yes she does. I don't like seeing her on TV maybe just because she's got that ugly push just like I know like seeing Joan Collins on guiding light what is that bitch doing on her.
What what is she doing anywhere lock her up nasty old smelly yes her burger the White House on Iraq we don't need no stink and proof rights Ariana.
We all know who attacked us on September 11 2001 don't we know not of some of the law that is so last year it never turns out to be the person you first suspect it was sort of Hussein for some reason we couldn't fight him when we went after him in Afghanistan bringing that magic a licksie of regime change along with us but now we've got a better idea track him down where he actually lives and bag that and punish him right in his own backyard it's the only way to obtain justice for the thousands he killed on 9 11.
At least that's the way the White House is now pitching the story in this latest rewrite of history or some of some of lost his beard and grown a mustache morphing into the butcher a bag dead or one of the look alike stand in Sodom's been using for public appearances since 1998.
You can't distinguish between Al Qaeda and Sodom when you talk about the war on terror president Bush said in the oral office last week.
Really he can't differentiate between a group of evil ultra medical Islamic fundamentalist that carried out the 9 11 attacks and evil secular nationalists who despite the frantic efforts of the Bush administration has not been directly linked to 9 11.
He better start making such distinctions and fast when every expert who knows anything about the Middle East can distinguish between the two is it too much to ask the president who's ready to go to war look a bit more closely.
People under stress often regress to earlier stages of development it appears that Bush is so intent on getting Sodom so obsessively tightly gripped by a need to succeed where his war hero dad failed so obsessively determined to lay the murderous 9 11 assaulted bag that's door that he's regressed to the level of childhood development where fantasy reality and wishful film that are all mixed up except that this time things like nuclear weapons and the safety of the world for the next few decades are involved.
No I'm no I'm no psychologist but I believe there is a clinical term for this condition going off the deep end.
How else to explain the president's bizarre response to a reporter straightforward query last week about who poses a bigger threat to America Sodom or Al Qaeda that's an interesting question he replied I'm trying to think of something humorous to say but I can't when I think about Al Qaeda and Sodom was saying.
When did the president take over the when did the president take over the night show why would the idea that he should make a joke about such a daily serious subject even crosses mine it would be like asking Daniel Van Daniel Van Dam is parents about the trial of their daughter's murder and having them apologize for not being ready with a humorous quip.
No Mr. President you don't need to apologize your inability to treat serious subjects lightly is not one of your deficiencies so rather than struggling to come up with a one would a system why did you just answer the question especially since it appears by your actions that you've already come up with one.
Instead of bothering to give the least defensive is sudden fusion of Sodom and Osama push launched into a fantasy fuel diet ride the danger is that they work in concert the danger is that Al Qaeda becomes an extension of Sodom's madness and his hatred and his capacity to extend weapons of mass destruction around the world.
The president's regressed condition is spreading like the West now virus throughout the West wing and beyond witnessed these symptomatic blurring of fact and fantasy exhibited by the Penn Secretary Rumsfeld.
When asked that an armed services committee hearing about what is not compelling us to take precipitous actions against direct Rumsfeld barked what's different what's different is 3000 people were killed.
Yeah by Muhammad Ahton company not by Sodom who's saying but why quibblond details when there's a propaganda word to be won.
The National Security Advisor Condoleez Arise continued the assault on reality when she vaguely it ominously claimed there clearly are contacts between Al Qaeda and Iraq that can be documented well then why not document them.
We've documented contacts between al Qaeda and all our de-oiled dealers in Saudi Arabia and al Qaeda and our new best friends in Pakistan but I don't see any B2s powering up for raids over Riyadh or Karachi.
As is the White House custom right simply refused to back up her claims so did Rumsfeld who memorably rebuffed her report or late last week by saying that happens to be a piece of intelligence that either we don't have or we don't want to talk about.
In other words proof we don't need no stick in proof and just because I'm asking your sons and daughters to possibly sacrifice their lives for it doesn't mean you deserve to know whether it even exists.
It would be nice if we could take them all of their word and let the bombs fall where they may but Senator Bob Graham who is chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee is privy to the inside scoop says he has seen no evidence of any link between Al Qaeda and Sodom who's saying.
So we're left with the febbered infantile imaginings of the president and his pals we've had dots before said Anna Perez writes the spoke woman now we have a higher density of dots have we connected those dots no she says perhaps the president should put down his saber battle pick up his crayons and connect them before drawing us into a bloody war.
Says Ariana Huffington pretty damn good Ariana just don't put your push on TV anymore. Okay. We like reading what you have to say we just don't like looking at you nothing wrong with that.
Nope. There are a lot of people that you know we just don't want to see him kind of like normal can't you know.
You know my talking to one the phone like once every six months but you sure don't want to see him.
But that's right you can't say anything because he's working on your deal well for a lot of our days.
Granny. You're not going to get no new contract asked him off how his new contracts coming.
Just take the paycheck every week to the bank and did you get the rest of that bonus yet by the way now what year was that for 18 what 92 I see well I was a good year governor Jim
agreebie announced yesterday that former senator Frank Lautenberg would replace scandal painted and come at Robert Torres Sully as a candidate for the West Senate seat in the November elections after
the Torres Sully sudden withdrawal from the race.
The gravy said the state's democratic leadership would formally file a petition for Lautenberg's candidacy as soon as the state Supreme Court approved the change in candidates.
I am confident based upon a thorough and vigorous debate the citizens of the state and New Jersey will elect senator Lautenberg to the West Senate preserving quality representation on behalf of our state and ensuring a democratic majority in the West Senate said the Democratic governor announcing the move.
In other words we had a crappy candidate before who was going to lose his ass because he's a crook and now we're going to put a good one in there we think can win.
Earlier in the day the state Supreme Court agreed to hear a democratic petition and they made a new candidate for Torres Sully seat after a lower court stopped affitting a balance to reflect his sudden withdrawal.
Lautenberg emerged as the leading contender to replace Torres Sully on the November 5th ballot after another choice.
U.S. represented Frank Poulone over the last day of Poulone said he would not end the race due to family reasons democratic sources said last night.
Lautenberg 78 retired from the Senate two years ago after three terms and is a long time rival of Torres Sully.
In a brief speech after the governor's announcement Lautenberg promised he would continue fighting for causes he worked for in his previous terms such as the environment prescription drug benefits and Medicare and abortion rights.
It will be the shortest campaign I've ever been engaged in and I kind of like the prospects he joked.
We just five weeks left before the midterm elections the party scrambled to find a candidate in the race against Republican newcomer Doug Forrester the New Jersey races critical to democratic hopes of holding under control of the Senate.
Bill Bradley said no and Bob Menendez said no and even Eric and Lyleman and just said even they don't want it how do you like that.
Well you know Eric he's the married to that hot blonde chick or you didn't see that.
It's pretty I don't want to say it's interesting pretty depressing I think right I'm looking for 956 at 560 WQM president about balance for life and the beast sorry beast we're not going to back for you.
We had your chance yet the day when you were in that studio I gave you the opportunity to open up your big fat mouth wouldn't do it.
Wouldn't give us the story off the air he's telling a different tale like a lot of other people I know I don't want to mention George off the air he's telling much like Rimmer same thing.
Like the mad dog like a lot of other people I zip the lip anyway if you want to lose the weight if you want to zip the lip when it comes to eating all of that fattening food here's the answer for you balance for life no more cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries because they combine the knowledge of the zone diet with special emphasis on the glycemic values of carbs and the liberty or door in a little black sack every morning right by 6 o'clock at a.m.
3 gourmet meals made with delicious fresh ingredients and 2 delicious snacks and a little bottle water in there to the boot.
So you don't have to worry about buying anything or counting anything the only choices you have to make are on that little menu they send you you have 2 choices for each meal every day that's run the program and believe me you'll be full right up to your gullet because there's plenty of food in there to keep you satisfied all day long nothing frozen nothing artificial no little boxes of crap everything is fresh and delicious made with the best ingredients you'll find anywhere lots of vegetables lots of tasty great stuff chicken dishes and beef and all kinds of food.
So let balance for life help you lose weight the easy delicious painless way call them today at 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 I guarantee you know time at all you'll look a hell of a lot better than the beast 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 or check out their website at balance for life dot com
the fire. So we're recording the song right and I know it's missing something but I don't know what lead singer Jack
Walker talks about his so called creative process so I'm singing out like you know don't turn around and just then the janitors walking by and he goes oh oh and I go the commissar's in town and he goes oh oh and right then I knew we had a hit
unfortunately for the band so did the janitor Ron bust him hey it was my uh oh's that made that song so popular I was making money as a janitor I figured why not
dream I'm good Ron hired a sleazy lawyer who tricked the band to the paying run $5,000 for every uh oh every time the song was played anywhere in the world for his entire life that oily little bastard I mean 5,000 every time he goes uh oh we were broken about 20 minutes I
worked in borders for crying out loud meanwhile it is Hawaiian villa Ron the janitor has attained rock star coat status which he openly uses to get laid a lot
oh right do it again Ron oh oh yeah baby
oh oh oh Ron after the fire they learned the hard way not to let a janitor go oh oh in your song it's a big juicy shopping went look at show business tonight on inside the mind can't wait 10 or 3 at 5 60 WDQ I am publisher Walter Annberg you know we've talked about him on a show many times and I can never remember what his name is yeah guess what Walter Ann in Berg
yeah he beguide he died you're not familiar with this no you better get with it mister you're not keeping up on the world affairs and events and stuff
I see well that was a good choice well no he died before smallville Walter Annberg who in fact just as it was coming on I think the excitement
worked a little bit too much I think when Clark when those sperm started swimming around and Clark started burning up the screen and the whole
goddamn classroom I think that's when Walter finally oh yeah and that was it Walter Ann in Berg who parlayed a mercers love affair with TV and it
was fortunate by launching the National TV Guide magazine and later served as invested a Britain died yesterday it was 94 that's old enough
when you say well yeah I'll take it for his old enough wouldn't most of us like to make it to 94 and reasonably good hell you bet
Ann in Berg who created 17 magazine gave billions of dollars to charity and endowed two leading journalism schools he died at his home in suburban win wood
of complications from pneumonia said Kathleen Hall James Indyne of the Annabelle School for Communication at the University of Pennsylvania his wife Leonor was with him when he died
Ann in Berg was a big and I see this guy this is what I've always screamed about he used to be a raving liberal many years ago
yeah and then something happened I don't know what they'll hit him somewhere in the old
back though he became a raving right wing lunata he probably started making some money oh he did
Ann in Berg was a big contributor to Republican political candidates and at times behind the scenes political power
report CBS newscores spotted Bob Fuss he socialized off him with presidents Eisenhower Nixon Ford and Reagan
while president mr. Reagan spent most every new years with Ann in Berg parting his at his wall Palm Springs California state
how do you like that after selling some of his properties he sold their remaining triangle properties including TV
guide to mag to maggot rupert Murdoch in 1988 for three billion dollars Forbes magazine listed him as one of the wealthiest
Americans ranking number 39 this year with estimated net worth of four billion dollars and you know how much
good that's gonna do him now not too much good because now the worms are gonna get them the damn worms
are gonna get them yet but he'll be in a really nice casket while they I remember once upon a time I was
talking about a rose you know nice rose yeah and about how you know flowers you plant the seed
and then the plant grows and then it blossoms and it blooms and it turns beautiful and then you know
you water it and you keep it alive as long as possible and then you see the leaves start wilting
in a kind of like shrivels up and it dies and I said there's the the perfect analogy for human life I
mean that's that's just the way it is you know you're born you live your life and once you start to
be 17 or 18 cells start dying instead of growing and it's pretty depressing to think you start dying
when you're 17 but it's true right and then like you know you start in fact the live and proof of that
is if you if you get on some of these uh search for your old friends things on the internet yes
and you look at those pictures of people that you went to school with a hundred years ago and you
look at what they look like now oh my god people who used to look really sensationally are like 42
years ago they're all wrinkled up and they're yeah and they got ponchy pop bellies and they look like
crap and then before you know if they stick your ass in a pine box in the warm gets in you dead
we're not necessarily in that order and I remember the guy called me that they said that's the
worst analogy I ever heard my life another emotional cripple another one of the many brilliant calls
I've had over the years and those awful days when the show was about nothing but begging for phone
calls begging for an intelligent response which we seldom got or even an interesting or amusing
response which we seldom got that's the worst analogy I ever heard my life knew I thought I thought
it was magnificent I thought it was perfect I like the cockroach analogy a little bit better
well now I mean the cockroach thing is a little bit grotesque but the fact of the matter is
when you step on a cockroach which is uh the immediate instinct is to swat it to step on it
to kill it immediately not sooner because it's a disgusting nasty little thing that carries all kinds
of disease and whatever and it don't look too good to tap it all off it's not very appetizing
it's not like a bunny rabbit uh and you step on that thing and even even better one is an amp
why is that so? See let me tell you how I look upon death
I have a term and that is that when you die you cease to exist right you go back to what you
were before you were before you forget about that you cease to exist yeah right now people will say
people will want to be nostalg, oh but they're existing our memory well that's fine it
exists in your memory because you're still alive and your brain is still functioning but they don't
exist anymore right and it's not like well they're gonna die for a little while then you know
they'll change their mind and come back you know he's still exists yeah now that's a good point
unless you're on ice you might exist on ice especially if you're like a hockey player would be good
you know like Terry Sajok he's dead but maybe he exists somewhere on ice maybe he's getting ready
for hockey night in Canada maybe he's gonna replace Ron McLean and hockey night in Canada because
I'm sure that his stiff would work cheaper than Ron but nevertheless and because people are so
emotionally crippled and conditioned to fear to have this terror of death I mean oh no man has a soul
and the good lord is and the good lord the good lord that invents all these diseases
all of these horrendous grotesque religions where people are killing each other because they don't
they just can't get the message you know and like the virgin Mary she can't she can't she needs a
mat she needs a compass and a road map she keeps showing up on the side of bank buildings in
Pensacola well who gives a crap about freaking Pensacola or that little town in Georgia where
now was that the Conroy wasn't yeah something like that Conroy Conroy freaking Georgia that's got a
population of like eight and she shows up there like I've said before if Jesus is gonna come back
how about like doing it right on that big billboard there in Times Square would be good okay
we're on eye now and that sound good to you oh deputy attorney general Larry Thompson breaking
new edged criminal conduct not only does not this is about the in-run thing okay
breaking news breaking CNN they're the anti-Christ okay they make me sick to my stomach in fact I
think I'm a program all my TVs just to blot it out former CFO of N. Ron to be church today we
already know that it's not breaking news they already showed us an hour ago and then Andrew fast
out he's accused of masterminding the scam and that's not breaking news breaking news is something
new something shocking something like the world is coming to an end or Sodom just blew his brains out
or something I was speaking of Sodom yeah you I say today says you guys troops are at a risk of
needless deaths in a chemical or biological attack because of inadequate training or or protective
gear congressional and defense department investigators told a house panel yesterday Democrats
opposing a possible invasion of Iraq cited those problems as more reasonable post president pushes
request for a congressional go ahead for the use of military force Bush accuses Iraqi president
Sodom of stockpile and chemical and biological weapons and violation of UN resolutions demanding
that Iraq Iraq disarm are we exposing our men and women at this point to contamination knowing
that we cannot protect them as representative Diane Watson Democratic California I'm not going
to support going blindly in a warfare that could result in great bodily harm to our fighting men
and women she be saying investigators from the GAO and the Pentagon's inspector general said the
military has problems keeping track of its protective gear supplying enough protective equipment
to troops and training them and how to work in a contaminated environment the survival of our
service members and military operations in a chemical or biological environment may be at risk
Raymond Decker of the GAO told a house government reformational security subcommittee hearing
yesterday Decker and Joseph Schmitz the defense department inspector general said the reports on
problems with chemical and biological protection were largely classified they cited these unclassified
details the defense department has not accounted for 250,000 defective protective suits military
officials told the paneler was a low risk these suits have been used in combat the military assortages
of some important protective gear it has not met internal requirements for the number of full protective
ensembles which include gas masks hoods suits boots and gloves all the extra hoods that can always
go see John Ascroft many units have had insufficient training and how to deal with chemical or
biological attacks and the military is implemented only recently requirement the units submit
reports on their chemical and biological training marine core and air force training is more
robust than army and navy training Schmitz said the defense department be called almost 800,000
protective suits in the year 2000 after warnings from internal investigators about defects including
holes improper stitching and embedded foreign objects in the fabric all were made by a bankrupt
nearer company istra istra text whose top officials later played a gilly defedible charges
the defense logistics agency is accounted for about 550,000 of the effective suits agency official
George Allen told the house panel the agencies offered free shipping and a sent reminder notices
to military commanders as recently as a month ago to recover the effective suits
Allen the army major general William Bond a chemical and biological offense official said remaining
defective suits probably would not be in the hands of frontline units probably but we're not too sure
the military currently has about four and a half million sets of protective gear including
1.5 million of the latest version known as the joint service lightweight integrated suit technology
or JS list all four military services have sure assured assured of some items that are said
and the shortages are to worsen as older equipment passes expiration dates
well nevertheless you know when a doctor chip them out we'll take our chances you know I'm saying
right well they will well yeah now we'll take our chances with their lives that's basically with
the bush micers are said we're not going to get in there not us we'll just hop on air force one again
and high-tail it out through to us saying Lewis or somewhere one of those bunkers one of those really
nicely appointed bunkers that we saw that special about you have a grocery archie 12 minutes after
10 at 560 we got Joe Rose for the mad dog did we ever confirm that is that accurate because I
I hate to put some news on here that I heard on Moe show because I'm a little bit concerned about
some of the information and he did not he was not accountable this morning that I heard I didn't
hear the whole show of course but he wasn't accountable he didn't step up to the plate
and admit about Carolyn and about the beast of all these things since he's always telling us we
got to be accountable didn't hear it myself maybe somebody can faxes and let us know was Moe accountable
this morning that he stepped up to the plate and was he accountable for his actions and admins
that have answered questions with another stupid question where you can talk about him from talking
about train exactly because we know beyond it well we don't want to get the beast in too much trouble
he's got his own issues you know let me tell you right now if you want to stay in good health
all you might can't hurt it can only help because it's a fine new product it's a little
out capsule you're popping your post that contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with a
combination a blend of vitamins minerals and rubles and they promote different parts of health
for different parts of your body following is one for your heart one to help lower your blood
pressure one to help control your cholesterol and prostate one for your circulatory system one
for your digestive and endocrine system one for your skin and bones and there's an oleo-med
potion even designed to help your mind and believe you me all using the benefits of the best
olive oil you'll find anywhere on this planet and oleo-med continues making products designed to
help men and some for ladies as well it's an outstanding exciting sensational new product and if
you want to pick it up you can do so all over town pick some up at whole food markets that's
what the W Walgreens, Sadanos and Navarro pharmacies for more info on oleo-med color tool free
number just ask whatever the hell comes to your mind call 1-866 oleo-med that's 1-866ol-e-o-med
in good order great product online if you like it oleo-med america.com
 the
And until dawn, who doesn't have to run?
And when else is gonna win?
I just will just move right in!
SIGHARD!
SIGHARD!
SIGHARD!
SIGHARD!
He has the golden spoon.
He was born with up his ass, so look out all you Jews.
Get ready for the gasp!
Here's a talent as he's at sea.
Oh, he'll give our civil rights to Wampie.
Oh, I see the talent as he's at sea.
Love of FLA!
Well, he's a very wealthy Jew, with very fast excuse.
Who never paid his dues?
I make fear will all be screwed!
SIGHARD!
SIGHARD!
SIGHARD!
SIGHARD!
Any smart clue in that race?
Against Buddy McKay, why do you think they call it Gubber?
Victoria, anyway, he's at color as he's at sea.
Oh, he'll make the KKK have me.
Oh, he's a telehousing ass.
Love of FLA!
Come on, let's do this.
Come on, they don't.
Let's go for this.
10.19 at 5.60 W.D.Q.A.
And more trouble for Martha.
Or...
For Martha, men, they just won't leave that bitch alone, you know?
All right.
And a system to Martha Stewart Stockbroker
has decided to play Gildey and testify against the home decorating Maven
and others in incline systems scandal the AP learned yesterday.
Dennis Fanuel, 26, is expected to plead Gildey the day to a misdemeanor,
making false statements to investigators as part of the deal
said a source familiar with the plea negotiations.
The agreement was confirmed by another source familiar with the negotiations
who also spoke, of course, on the condition of...
Editedivity?
Right.
Good guess.
Investigators are looking at the Stewart sales of nearly 4,000
in Clone Cheers last December, which we already know,
just before the stock price plunged on news that the FDA
would not renew a review with tightly tied a cancer drug,
Erbatox.
Marilyn Chandel Stewart's incline sale.
Prosecutors trying to determine if Stewart was tipped off by a close friend,
Sam Waxel inclines founder and ex-CEO, who's in big, big hot water.
Fanuel's lawyer did not return calls for comment in Stewart's spokesman,
Alan McGreno declined a comment as well.
They're all mom.
A spokesman for the US Attorney's Office also declined a comment.
So there you go.
He's got to turn the tables, man, on her.
He's going to spill the beans.
Wouldn't you love to see her in one of those orange jumpsuits?
I think that would be lovely.
And fact, I think maybe we could hook her up with Susan Smith, sounds good.
You could do the programs in prison.
Now, if you're tired of your orange jumpsuit, here's how you can snag it out.
And what was the bitch in Texas, what the hell was her name?
Andrea Yates.
Andriates in Susan Smith and Martha.
In fact, Martha can do the cooking.
You know, one more and you got a peduckle for something.
It sounds great to me.
Ex-Pasture sentenced to prison.
Oh, God.
He was a loving father, a caring mentor, a charismatic pastor,
but to find Michael's score yesterday was his special interest in boys.
In a downtown San Diego courtroom, crowd of supporters and critics of the fallen clergyman,
a judge sentenced to former senior pastor of Calvary Lutheran Church in Solano Beach, California
to 29 years in prison.
Score 55, pleaded guilty in August of molesting an 11-year-old boy
and tried to do the same to the boys younger brother.
Score was spared a life prison term with a Pennsylvania billed Nimo negotiated sentence
of no less than 20 years and no more than 30 years.
The boys each told authorities score touched him inappropriately, scored and eyes touching
the younger boy.
In other words, 11-year-old, that was okay, but the younger boy, he wouldn't do that.
The case destroyed the innocence of the two boys, said their mother who now wonders if they'll
ever begin their faith in a loving God.
No, God.
It horrified scores wife and children to say their faith calls them to forgive them at
the same time, they announced his actions.
It transformed the prominent church on Via de Valli, where the office doors now have windows
and leaders say watching up for children is much a part of life is when they dinner's
on the beach.
And as left scorching, he doesn't understand how he came to be trea-like to service to
others as an air force sergeant, a boy scout leader, a teacher, a sheriff's deputy, and
ordained minister.
And let me say it again at the risk of aliening some of my fag friends out there in the audience.
Gaze in a scout, no problem, but gay boy scout leaders?
No.
Sorry.
You know I'm talking about troop, whatever they call them?
Scout masters.
Scout masters exactly.
Sorry.
No way Jose.
Now, see, why do they send me this thing about the Red Cross driver records altered?
See, they're just going to get me agitated because every time I went to our, the website
yesterday that banner added to bottom for the Red Cross would kept popping up on their
just episp me off, I think.
Sandy Eagle Red Cross officials, the doctor records a determining amount of bonuses the
charity received through transportation contracts that had with Sandy Eagle County, they
doctor the records.
We've uncovered our investigation instances of driver manifest being altered.
Robert Chiapak spoke to him for the national Red Cross yesterday.
I wonder if he's any kin to Chiapak.
Chiapak's disclosure came in response to a question raised by a wrongful termination
lawsuit file last week by a former Red Cross office clerk.
The Red Cross sucks, okay?
Don't give any money to the Red Cross.
And if you don't believe me, just look back and read those articles about what happened
post 9-11.
Embarrassing, they always have to be embarrassed into doing the right thing because behind
the scenes they're doing a lot of crap.
You know what I'm saying?
Yep.
So don't be fooled by those banner ads on our website over the Red Cross and do this
and donate that because we have no control over that.
At least that's what Eric says.
And I'm sure he doesn't, do you think?
He doesn't.
How do you know that?
I'm just guessing.
You're just taking his word for it.
Don't be taking his word for it because Carlis, huh?
Carlis is just standing there salivating.
He's waiting on line, man, and moving right in.
What are you saying?
Don't be, don't be equivocating, okay?
Don't be like, don't be taking your cues from people like George and the beast, okay?
Who talk a good game off the air and then on the air, the moolimilimilimil like that.
You know, they're like all over the place because they're scared crap.
I was, what do you got to lose a bucket of an hour?
What do you care?
And what is it?
You got a good point.
Yeah.
No, I really don't know what kind of contract he's got with them.
That is the point.
He can, they do control everything on that, but I don't know if he could force them to
do anything else, but I mean, that is true.
He doesn't.
He's an individual.
He has no control over it, right?
But that still gives Carlis an opportunity to move in there because I don't see the new
book of Brian thing on her.
Do you, the new CD?
I'm, he's waiting for the graphics from Bokeh.
I'm just kidding.
When you relaxed, Jesus, you know what you're doing to the man.
You think it's funny.
He doesn't.
What do you mean he doesn't take it funny?
He takes it all seriously no matter how many conversations I have with him before and
after the show.
He takes it all seriously.
Now you never said that before.
You all, now that's full crap.
You always said to me before about the fat jokes and about all the other stuff.
The fat jokes got a funny.
He's got a, okay, so forget about the other stuff.
He's fat, okay?
He's fat.
Okay, let's just stop at that.
He's fat.
He won't stop eating.
And that's why he's not doing what he's supposed to be doing.
He knows it's just all stick for quite a lot and you're the one that's getting all
defensive and paranoid because I keep having to go over that with him that it's all
over what that it's all we love.
Erick.
We sometimes a little slow on the uptake.
He yanked all the ads and was losing revenue because he thought you were genuinely pissed
off about that whole thing about what about the Red Cross thing?
No, put him back on there for a crisis.
I said get, stop being a silly person.
Jesus Christ, Erick, book you up a little bit.
Will you please guy like that?
Here's the good news.
Let's get some good news on here, okay?
Because time is a waste in here, man.
We only got to noon and we got to play all those vets for an hour and kill an hour.
I mean, and I see we got another schedule.
These schedules keep coming in here, man.
Like, wow, well, that's the one that's got the other.
But I already did that on mine.
We don't need to keep wasting this goddamn paper.
They gave it to me.
With Joe Rosen instead of the mad dog.
They okay, big, the little dog, the mad dog.
We got a dog, okay, some dog.
Majorly baseball playoffs.
Well, that's the tomorrow, please, but please, it says on here.
Please, a quick bug in me with schedules, okay?
Well, worry about tomorrow while we get there.
You worry about getting your morning guard to start promoting all the shows on here.
And then I'll worry about promoting a other crap that can't get that done, can they?
No.
No, even the trained monkey we enjoyed that.
You know, he didn't even come up with that this morning.
Right, we don't mind the organ grinder and the trained monkey.
That's at least a step in the right direction and acknowledgement that there's a show coming
on instead of guilty with his five day pregame show or whatever crap he's
done.
I'll give that copy of that to Robert so that they can play it.
Good.
That's great.
That'd be an excellent lead in.
234 votes on the pool.
I'm starting to raise an eyebrow in this one, but I'll just, you know, we'll go with it.
If the election for Governor Beacon Hell today, who would you vote for?
Bill McBride, 121, Jeb Bush 81.
Moe Howard, David 20 and I wouldn't vote 12.
Little bit suspect, but nevertheless.
Hey, is there still anybody alive out there who wasn't plunging or guts out into VIP's
sportsbook.com?
Uh-huh.
Well, what are you waiting for?
You're really missing out on a really great sports book or something like that.
You're a lot of ads these days, but you need to do some research before you're plunked
on your hard earned money at some unstable third world sports book.
Let me help you out.
VIP sportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs.
They're Dutch based, not like based in some horrible place like Costa Rica and one of
the first online sports books.
Now, why would I say Costa Rica's a horrible place?
I don't know.
I've heard it in the only nice things.
Third world, baby.
Oh, yeah, but seriously, if you want to go on a roll of a lifetime, you want to be with
the best sportsbook.
Just ask Phil the bug man next time.
I do.
VIP sportsbook.com.
It's the best in the universe and of course, the football season is swinging it in all
directions.
Now you can almost smell that pigskin and those soiled jock straps in the year.
So be with the very best VIP sportsbook.com and speaking of football, of course, we got
that gigantic pressure pack game, the Patriots and the dolphins this Sunday.
So open an account online and get you a 15% cash sign up bonus.
And did I mention, of course, like I always try to do, they give you the highest part of
the day.
You'll find in the world up to 2000 to one.
So get over to VIP sportsbook.com and plunge it a book with some serious class.
The phone number tool free is 1 866 VIP bets, BTS 1 866 VIP bets.
Go online to VIP sportsbook.com and get that 15% bonus for signing up online VIP sportsbook.com
where you are the VIP.
We are sports radio 560 U.A.
Riddians done as dirt.
We are sports radio 560 U.A.
Riddians are sports radio 560 U.A.
Riddians are sports radio 560 U.A.
Riddians are sports radio 560 U.A.
Riddians are sports radio 560 U.A.
Okay, so we got a thing from us.
You see that?
Good.
Nice going there, Jeb.
You're doing it, baby.
Not.
Remember that story we had to have the day.
Right?
You were right.
You've been hot for about a week.
You've been right on the head of your thumb on it.
Viener.
Oh, yeah.
That's how they knew it wasn't a terrorist attack.
Exactly.
Viener.
A transient was booked on suspicion of murder yesterday for allegedly slashing the throat of a Greyhound
bus driver with a pair of scissors causing a crash that killed two passengers.
The bus heading from Los Angeles to San Francisco flipped on its side Monday evening and slid into
a field off interstate 5 near Fresno with carrying 50 passengers.
The suspect, Arturo Martinez, 27, was held on two counts of murder and one kind of attempted
murder.
Authorities said they didn't know of any motive.
He just told us several stories about why he did what he did.
Sheriff's Detective Lieutenant Margaret Mimsaid.
She said authorities were checking to see whether drugs, alcohol, or mental problems played
a role.
Officials said the attack was not related to terrorism and said yesterday they didn't
know the motive of Arturo Tapia Martinez, 27.
A transient from Los Angeles area who was booked into Fresno County jail.
We just got through saying that on how many counts.
Boy, CBS, you people need some help.
There was no clue that there was going to be any trouble onboard the bus Mimsaid passenger
told authorities.
They said he simply got up out of his seat, went up to the island, attacked the driver.
There was no yelling, no threats to argument before he did it.
Just a direct attack on the driver, she added.
It happened very quickly.
He immediately stabbed the driver, took her to the passengers to take action on their
own.
The driver was actually cut in the neck.
He struggled for it to defend himself and lost control of the bus.
After authorities arrived on the scene, passengers pointed out Martinez and he was come
as he tried to run away.
I saw a dude walk fast and pulled past the front of the bus and said, passenger, how
are Johnson?
There he is again.
I think they're only using his name because they like the name.
Who suffered only minor injuries later was reunited in a community bus center with his wife.
I'm feeling blessed, he said, as he headed for some of them clam strips and chowder at
Howard Johnson's and 57 flavors.
What do they got?
37 or as if 50.
What how many they got?
I don't know how many they had.
I think best your robins has got 57.
And how, and how, Hodo, I guess 33?
Don't know.
Are there any more around?
There was that Hodo's around the beach.
There's one over here by the golden glades.
They're around it.
I don't know anybody that goes there anymore.
They really are still Hodo's around because the last one I recall eating at, in fact it
was a sponsor by his very briefly.
In fact, remember they reopened it under a different name?
Miami Avenue in 195th I believe.
Does that sound right?
No.
Yes it does.
Well, it doesn't sound familiar.
Or is it Northwest Second Avenue in 195th?
Well, whatever.
Whichever.
That's right over here.
Huh?
That's right over here.
Well, I'm telling you there used to be a Hodo's red and that corner and then it became
something else and it was a sponsor verse for about five minutes so I went out of
business because there's no white people in that neighborhood.
There was the wags over here on the corner where the BP is now.
Is that the corner?
Let me ask you something.
Seriously?
Yeah.
Is Miami Avenue?
You said Northwest Second.
441 is Northwest Second.
I thought 441 is like Northwest Seventh.
Our address here.
In addition to which isn't that Ives Derry right there in the corner?
Yes.
So what does that have to do with Miami Avenue?
You said it were 195th your five blocks off.
Yeah.
In North Miami Avenue is two blocks from where we are.
Well, whatever the hell it is, there was a Hodo's right there, Mr.
or Mr. argumentative today.
See, first he started, I wasn't quite here.
I can say the air is an emotional basket case and emotional cripple who doesn't understand
the show.
He doesn't get it.
He's taken everything personal and now he's starting to give me like a map and a compass.
You're there.
You should look right out the window where you're sitting right now.
Don't remember no Hodo anywhere near here.
There was an old and glazed chair.
Sure is my.
I'm sitting here.
All right.
At 190th, as you're going north on Miami Avenue, you get to not not a hundred ninety-fifth
to 95th.
See, just a hundred blocks off.
Okay.
So was the slip of the tongue, okay?
Ninety-fifth or ninety-six, whatever that is.
You know, like in Schwarzger town there, which of course.
Yeah, that covers a lot of territory in the city of Miami.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yes, I do.
There was a Hodo's, ninety-fifth or ninety-six when you'd make the left turn there to go
to I-95.
But like kind of like where a buscane used to be, not too far, a few blocks from there.
Exactly.
Until all the Schwarzger's closed them up.
Just as Ken Maldon will tell you, don't know if it's still there, but I think you're
right.
No, I know it's not there.
It's not there anymore.
You're crazy?
You nuts?
And like I just tried to tell you, I tried to explain to you, but you were like too busy
arguing about just being a hundred blocks off.
It became something else and they were sponsored of ours for like about ten minutes and then
they went under.
They went bust.
Can't imagine why.
A mob of luck.
A mob of about twenty children beat a man brain dead with bats, boards and shovels after
he punched more of them in the mob for throwing an egg at him, Sunday night, Milwaukee police said,
that's a horrible place.
I've never been there, but I don't want to go.
You know what?
Never heard good things.
Although, don't they have good bratwurst there?
Don't know.
Well, according to that thing the other day, eight brats, eight bucks, whatever that was,
the Cleveland.
I'd rather go to Cleveland.
That's not a very fun place either.
I don't think I'll really clean it up supposedly.
But I used to be a real toilet.
Only for no ones.
There were no white people in Cleveland.
But Milwaukee, Milwaukee's got a lot of white people that just like skinheads, you know,
and drones, drops these things like that.
Here's what I mean.
Anyway, eight young suspects were in custody yesterday.
One just ten years old.
A local TV station reported in Milwaukee police are looking for more.
The victim, 36 year old Charlie Young Jr., Milwaukee remained on life support.
The gang chased young out of the porch of a house in the city's north side and pummeled
them.
Young tried to escape into the house.
Reports John Jagler of CBS Radio Affiliate WTMJ AM.
WTMJ, home of the Milwaukee Brewers, formerly the Milwaukee Braves.
WTMJ.
Earl Gillespie and who's yet to guide to the Braves game?
Samba.
Earl Gillespie and Dan, I don't know.
Stort.
Dan Stort.
Oh, we're fine.
They were hurling objects and using their trunctions to go after this man and go inside
the house.
They came inside the house and pulled the man out to the building's owner, Jorard Johnson,
in relation to Howard.
If they had any kind of heart, they wouldn't have, they wouldn't have did that.
He said, oh, why do they keep doing that?
Why do they, they make direct quotes off these illiterate pathetic sub-humans.
They wouldn't have did that.
Authorities, and this is on CBSNews.com.
Okay.
I mean, can't they clean up the guy's language a little bit, especially when they're
using his name?
Jorard Johnson?
You got to keep your Johnson straight, man.
That's what the mad dog says.
If they had any kind of heart, they wouldn't have did that.
Authorities did not know Monday night while Young was nearly four miles from his home, whether
or not the kids knew him and where the confrontation started.
It's unknown what charges the boys and custody will face, but they could be charged as soon
as today.
Police continue to search for as many as 18 other juvenile convulsions as well.
But that's lovely.
Speaking of that, I want to wait a minute.
What's this?
But that is the most information we ever, now, it's coming from our affiliates, KTLA
and KTTV.
That's Chase who's going off for quite a while.
If you look now, I feel closely as we can see that the police can have their guns drawn.
Chase the dog.
Chase the dog.
And that's taking any chances there.
It's an armored model Chevy pickup truck with them.
The aim of this particular model is, it's the rear camera that fell off of the crash
and get the camera shot over you.
I think why is it that so many of them damn high-speed chases happen in LA?
Remember the one we had on the alligator rally?
Right.
A couple of years ago, that was fun.
And then instead of stopping the guys like at the, and blocking them off at the told
move thing, remember that?
Then they let him keep going.
And jeopardize the safety of a whole bunch of other people.
But that's just the way we do it in Florida.
Okay, we don't like doing things right.
Anyway, speaking of attacks, we arrested for gay actor attack West Hollywood, California.
Three men were arrested for investigation beating a gay actor with a baseball bat outside
his home last month.
And they suspected, suspected hate crime attack.
They started suspecting when a guy ran up to him and yelled, your gay.
Los Angeles County Sheriff's Captain Linda Castro announced the arrestering a news conference
late yesterday she declined to identify the men.
This is what we've been waiting for the entire month of September for a castor said to
the arrest.
This has been a month from a hell.
Investigators are looking into whether the suspects were involved in other assaults on
gay men in West Hollywood, including one that took place just hours after act, after
actor, tree Brody was attacked.
Is that his name?
Okay.
Brody, 33 was attacked on Labor Day.
We can't actually embrace the male friend.
Brody laying near death for several days.
The friend was also struck but not seriously injured.
Another man was similarly attacked the same night and the fourth was beaten later in September
by two men yelling anti gay epithets and wielding a bat in a pipe.
The attacks put the city on alert police stepped up patrols West Hollywood a city of about
36,000 residents is a major destination for gay lesbians and transgendered people.
No Schmidt.
When castors said the men were custody of small crowd standing by and nearly nearby burst
into applause.
Okay.
Okay.
We got him.
Not that.
See why did I do that?
Wasn't that in poor taste?
Yeah.
Insensitive.
Okay.
I could have just, you know, we could have just go.
Okay.
That would have been good enough.
1042 at 560 WDQM Tom Layman says, okay for you, baby.
He's got a fantastic needle Rogers deal waiting for you for all the people.
The wonderful folks who listen to the show like he does every day.
He's probably listening right now.
How's it going, A. Tom?
What about that Ron McLean, a hockey night in Canada?
What are we going to do about that?
Anyway, this is why he created the needle deal at hell.
And this is why we have no new copy from Bob Eisenberg because we just keep reshuffling
from one month back to the last month, back to another month, just back and forth and
forth and back because Bob, you know, can you imagine Bob sitting down to the tie
predator and it must have fallen like off to an angle on his head?
Save big dollars in all Pontiacs and GM seasons stock at hell at right now.
Just mentioned you heard about it here on the world famous needle Rogers show.
Stop by hell at Pontiac GMC 13411 South Dixie Highway.
That's US one across from the falls where every vehicle is marked with the lowest price.
Mentioned all of Neal and saved even more right now at hell at.
And why do you there be sure and take a peek at the whole line of GMC SUVs, including
the exciting new Onvoi which was voted by Motor Trend as SUV of the year and the all new
Vibe SUV that's got the power of a sports car but certainly not a Corvette.
Halet's also got a great selection of pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs if you're looking
for a dependable used vehicle and of course like I always tell you, credit's not a problem
in Halet no matter how many people turned you down.
If everybody in the world turned you down for credit trying to buy a vehicle, Halet is
around.
They'll do it for you.
So get you a Near Rogers deal at Halet Pontiac GMC 13411 South Dixie Highway that's
US one right across from the falls where they've been going great for 35 years plus open
every day, seven days a week.
Halet Pontiac GMC who do be professional grades.
This is more 20 or 560.
You weigh yeah.
I think it's a lot too.
Don't use today.
The detail has to say that Terry's gone away on a bustman's holiday.
Don't use today.
So find another way to get you through the day because you won't see O'Gy.
Why don't they know how long it's gonna take.
Now they all go and take another break.
They waste our time with nothing to defend.
Just pride the guy and bring it to an end.
No use today.
That's too bad for O'Gy.
He can't defend his rage.
He's locked up in his cage.
1047 and 560 WQAM.
Happy Wednesday to you.
We got Joe Rose for the Mad Dog coming up at one hand and three.
And we got all that baseball stuff.
Angels and the Yankees again and a crew of course precedes that if you can stomach that.
Speaking of stomaching things.
Did you see the three murder suspects?
Yes I did.
They got them all.
Which is kind of depressing.
It's so fun now.
Ended till last over.
And you'll notice at least one of the three.
I didn't see the other two.
Did you?
No.
But the one side that hit it.
You saw two of them.
Were they both white or beaners?
No.
See there you go again.
White.
This guy looked as white as you are.
Like I said, a beaner.
And the one guy.
Here we go.
Back on it again.
Chase ends in Orange County, California.
From California.
First of all, I picked her up.
The one guy that had his hands behind his head was a white guy.
And maybe that sounds like a racial thing.
But last thing we need is another Rodney King.
The little racial thing to me.
That's not that.
The high speed chase.
The number of beans already.
The 91 freeway in Anaheim not too far from Disneyland in Southern California.
Just like that guy, any gray hand bus city said, beaner.
And of course you were right.
But we believe we're getting word.
They're wanted as murder suspects.
So that we're working on getting more information on that.
From that high speed chase.
The reason I'm concerned about that is because while I was backing up there with his hands behind his head,
I'm thinking the LAPD being as brilliant as they are.
Probably shoot him like I'm worldwide TV.
You know, somebody get trigger happy.
Oh, gee, I didn't mean it.
You know, because they bumble everything.
Speaking of bumbling.
Now this is an update on the story we had yesterday, but this it just keeps getting better.
A man dubbed by authorities is the bumbling bank robber had his two gold teeth knocked out.
Is if you ran into traffic and was hit by a van by fleeing a high step.
The agents in Miami said, see, we had the other part.
I don't think we had the part about the team.
Are we his teeth?
The suspect who also may have shot himself accidentally escaped in a way to get away.
Carb a police recovered his teeth from the street and held him as evidence.
The FBI said yesterday the suspect walked into a watch over your money bank branch.
In North Miami Beach Monday pulled the gun from his pocket as he approached the teller and demanded that she fill a bag with money.
The FBI said the teller gave an underscore some of money and he turned to flee discharging the gun as he pulled it from his pocket or stuff that back it was.
But whatever it's unknown at this time if the robber shot himself on the gun discharge.
I said the FBI in a statement headlined update on bumbling bank robber.
The suspect ran out of the bank out of the street was hit by a white van and dragged under the authority said he managed to get up and run to a waiting car that's spit away.
Leaving his teeth behind his teeth the investigator said police and FBI were looking for him at hospital emergency rooms and medical centers.
How about a dentist office?
The suspect was described as a tall thin black man in his late 20s early 30s.
How do you like that?
He left his teeth behind.
Not a good idea.
Don't leave your gold teeth behind after you pull a heist.
Magazine publisher zoos Rosio Donald for backing out a rosy magazine.
Uh oh.
On the property where the skull the leg bone teeth and hair were found all they found yesterday though were animal bones.
At this point authorities are saying that they believe that what they have found here the person who was found here died in the same way as the parent's tip.
And we talked to a woman who works on the property where the skull was found.
They're still testing the skull.
They want to check out the crossbones first.
Looks like it's poor little Jennifer short you know.
Yeah.
The publisher of rosy magazine sued Rosio Donald for a hundred million dollars yesterday for abruptly pulling out of the venture last month.
Grunorange are printing and publishing company said in court papers that the former talk show host breached her contract and publicly disparaged the magazine when she quit rosy on September 18.
A call to a Donald spokesman of course was not returned.
The publisher in our Donald had been feuding for months about the direction of the magazine.
Rosy debuted in April of 2001.
The joint venture gave odomla and G&J each of 50% stake in a business.
During the first six months of the year Rosy's total average paid circulation was three and a half million.
The 13th highest magazine circulation nation mod for the first half of this year according to advertising advertising age magazine.
Among other things odomla and G&J have reportedly argued repeatedly about what the magazine cover should look like.
Maybe she was upset because they had porcupig on a cover.
G&J there was a petunia pig.
I'm sorry. G&J the international newspaper magazine arm of German media giant Bertelsman also publishes parents fitness fast company and family circle magazine family circle jerk magazine.
The fact that rosy magazine had a circulation like that what does that tell you there must be an awful lot of shut-ins out there.
You know what oh yeah God a lot of real disgusting fat porcupig shut-ins.
Look for the QA and Van today from four to six at the public located at one oh seven fifty five Northwest fifty eighth street stop by to win prizes in the first 60 people to come in and say cash bananza.
Well when free scratch off tickets compliments of the Florida lottery I'm sure Miguel will be handling this yes you will.
So when you see Miguel they say cash bananza or just say Lorne green or Michael Landon or fan blocker or who is the other one.
For now Roberts for now Roberts they're all dead yes or just say they're all dead and Miguel will know exactly what you're talking about.
That's four to six at the public said one oh seven fifty five Northwest fifty eighth street just look for the QM ban and lovely Miguel and the first 60 people to say cash bananza or any other stuff I said when the free scratch off tickets compliments of the Florida lottery.
That's here at baby so all we want is just one just one for like six or eight million doesn't have to be like a hundred million doesn't have to be the big one you see where we're really stupid.
Those of us who just don't buy the lottery tickets because it's a tremendous waste of time see I should be playing it here because at least if you play it here you even know it's crappy Canadian money you get the whole amount in cash right up front.
You always played the connoct lottery I never played it in my life didn't you send river money or something like that no no that was the lottery down there when it got up to that humongous amount.
That was a three weekends ago or something like that he he played it for me down there because the first four numbers.
And then you reminded me of that because he owes me twenty two bucks when I get back.
Yeah you know something how it's a good thing to get that in mind because because you think he would like volunteered it I'll bet you those twenty two bucks that you won't get that from him.
No no no I tell you right now there's no chance that I won't get that cash okay no chance.
But anyway up here if you win a lot of you get the whole amount you know taxes know nothing none of this annuity crap like the scam they pulled on there in Florida as it should be.
So if you want like five million here now granted that's only like a little over three million you West I'll take it I'll take the three million cash right yeah wouldn't see me no more I guarantee you that bye bye.
Hey have a great life oh you never leave us now the error.
What you do if you didn't have the show that you're seeing now I'll draw your picture okay I'll draw your diaphragm no thanks God what a joke yeah you only got a little over four years left oh I look at that thing I well look at it now my cell phone is ringing and you know who that probably is it's probably rumored.
How am I hanging on a second all right.
No.
Come on.
Come on.
If it's free it's me.
I think you got the wrong number sir who you call.
Okay bye bye.
Oh I always get these wrong numbers out here everybody has.
Huh everybody does.
Oh cell phones you get a million wrong numbers that's why I got this nine five four so I can get a lot of wrong numbers if I had a Canadian number up here on the cell phone which I do on my regular phone I wouldn't be getting all these guy damn phony.
Yeah but I thought maybe it was rumored.
I thought maybe it was rumored bitching you out for like reminding me about that 22 bucks.
He'll probably give it to me in Canadian currency which is about eight bucks you know something like that.
Nevertheless whatever you get kissed the ground consider it a blessing.
Justice Department says FBI has not assessed terror threat.
The FBI has failed to develop a comprehensive assessment of the risk of a terrorist threat facing the US despite a promise to do so according to a US
Justice Department review of the FBI counter terrorism program released yesterday the office of the Inspector General criticized the FBI for not yet incorporating the likely risk of terrorism into its strategic plan because the FBI has not completed a systematic written assessment of the most likely terrorism scenarios it may not have fully identified the specific nature of the threats or could focus its attention and resources to prepare adequately and respawn effectively given the assessed risk the report said.
The conclusions of Inspector General Glenn Fine are contained in an unclassified 13 pages executive summary made available at the Justice Department the 431 page out of report classified secret was provided only the top officials at the Justice Department in Congress the Inspector General initiated the review of the FBI's management of its counter terrorism resources after Attorney General John Ascroff and FBI director Robert Muller announced earlier this year the prevention of future attacks is now the paramount mission of the Justice Department and the FBI.
The FBI as usual very sad 294 votes on our pool if the election for governor being held right now today who would you vote for Bill McBride 155 Jeb Bush 92 Mohawar David 34 and I won vote 13.
13 people said they still wouldn't vote no matter what you do.
Of course they're probably all about like 10 years old now 10 year olds are in school right right plus they doesn't be listening to this show because we say things like asshole on the show and 10 year old certainly I don't not be here like assholes okay.
4.
4.
Did you see a date line last night by any chance at NBC no did not about the teenagers in that party and the two beautiful girls the teenage girls that both wound up dying of one stab and the other one and she took an overdose no.
That was a practice sad what what a waste what what kind of a cock eyes going on you want to say today.
Anyway let's talk about something good not cock a castaway seafood company they know seafood man they can smell it they pride themselves on serving you the fresh seafood under the sun fresh fish that's never frozen prepared just the way you like it grilled black and or boiled signature castaway dishes include sesame seed tuna crack cock and unbelievable homemade chowd is castaways also features grilled certified angus beef burgers filet mignon or huge juicy delicious mouthwatering New York strip castaways offers great deal lunch and early bird specials in every way.
The one's tonight like tonight is karaoke ladies night with free drinks for the ladies during the castaways tailgate party at the hog fish bar for a weekend I wonder if Rosia be at the hog fish bar for weekend and Monday night football special while you watch your favorite games the castaway seafood companies that full bar open seven days weekend is located on the Southwest corner university drive and Gryffin Road and Davy and there was never a hojo is there by the way if you're looking at catering next homeroff as party castaways can do it as well castaway seafood company where they love George like crazy I think they got like a George blow up dollar I love them.
You know castaway seafood would see what is it seafood so fresh it'll slap you on your ugly puts.
Why in local sports radio 560's you a.m.
But you've heard the secrets behind Saddam Hussein's mistress like that's just half a story.
Find out who Saddam Hussein really is when ABC confronts Saddam Hussein's babies mama.
Now sorry I say never say it what is my check I he always like a never-old time.
Here's a stop Hussein's a most mathematical Arab leader in the 20th century find out the deep secrets of Saddam Hussein.
I told you to come pick me up and he came and pick me up on his busted ass camel.
I'm a black and that camera was spin on my die she he always like.
Find out how he really is in bed.
I don't know how he has 15 wives 15 wives he could even hand 15 seconds with me okay.
Why did I say with him he got dollars okay he got business business all the bees okay he got.
Don't miss Saddam's babies mama.
Tonight on ABC it's 111550 chase ends in Orange County California just see the thing where they had the yellow schmato over the body that's lying there.
Yeah we don't know who that is what do you remember that well they have told us yet it's somebody who's dead obviously right and like I was saying if they could have if it would have been three dark
completely guys we had let me maybe three new NFL football coaches we had to just round it them up listen this is the picture we have here of the victim.
No no question or no word rather on the identity or you know it's just a yellow schmato covered up a dead body is what it is and they keep focusing it is and you'll see that more than 600 times.
Well now they got a stretcher now who the hell are they taking away on the stretcher.
I don't think they put dead people on the stretcher do they yeah no they don't.
They're working on somebody on the ground or oh no don't tell me they shot somebody not the LAPD oh no please pray that it's somebody white.
See you're laughing I'm telling you man you know what happens out there right yeah but it's not there if they look it's a dark conflict in Johnny cock ring will be out there and Jesse I'm from Jackson and he's really involved with watching hours and people.
Children kids will be out there and all these people boy you'll have another jungle jam if you don't watch it.
Oh speaking of it this is a great story it just facts me from Portsmouth to Hampshire.
You see where this old bag was from no or you'll love it.
Elderly woman slams car into Portsmouth liquor store Portsmouth to Hampshire and Elderly woman and employees of a state liquor store escape serious injury yesterday when the woman mistakenly hit her cars accelerator and crashed through the glass front of the building.
Irma stormer 84 of Port St. Lucie Florida was meeting friends of the Portsmouth traffic circle liquor store when they actually inhabit around 1 p.m.
Stomer was in the area visiting your daughter who lives in Portland, Maine.
According to state police storm was attending to park the car when she erroneously stepped on the accelerator instead of the break.
I don't even know why this is new this happens like every couple of hours in South Florida right of course she is from Port St. Lucie.
The car jumped the sidewalks fed across the parking lot and smashed to the store's concrete and glass lobby pinning the vehicle between the middle door frames.
Emergency workers had to use a saw to cut the driver's side door off to free the woman.
Stomer was not injured and left for lunch left for lunches planned with her friends.
Maybe she was leaving for the early bird.
Nice going honey.
No wonder she was in a hurry.
That's a good idea. All you old farts shouldn't be driving.
Take your damn craft someplace else.
You don't get the amount of time to order in before 5 o'clock they charge you full price.
How did I leave this story out?
I had this a long time ago in my hand and then you interrupted me with some psychotic crap about Eric and how he emotionally is and that's why he overeats.
Now what you said you blame me for it.
That's all your fault.
I'm not that hungry today.
I think for lunch I'm only going to go to like Jay Mugs where they give you too much food.
You know what they have that's great.
Oh that's right you don't like it.
I keep telling you this.
I don't want any part of cheddar broccoli soup.
See if you didn't know the broccoli was in there because it's not like big pieces of broccoli.
I mean it's like if you didn't know it was in there you wouldn't even taste it.
That's good for you.
You know it would be a good way for you to get your broccoli across the room.
Unlike the problem played September 10th primary two days municipal contest in Palmeiro Bay in North Miami yesterday were blissfully uneventful.
Oh right.
Eric baby we're doing it.
By the 7 p.m. poll closing last night few voter complaints have been reported in the relatively simple elections that involve only 15 to the county 754 precincts in date less than 2% of the total results from both elections were available by 830 last night.
Ain't that good?
That's great.
All of the precincts opened on time all the machines work said just sell a salary to the county assistant election supervisor so far so good.
It's even said sell a set you received only a few complaints that demonstration to the voting machines were not working election workers had to replace flashcards used to install the electronic ballot displays on five of those machines.
The winning candidate in the North Miami Council for district election said he was satisfied with the process.
We have realized that the election department dedicated themselves to making sure the errors that took place on September 10th and not occur today.
Councilman elect Jean Monna monestime as theme said.
Oh that sounds like some kind of a Haitian dude.
Okay.
Isn't it?
Oh no.
It is.
Jean Monestime.
The system is not error proof.
Never lust we trust the system and then at the end of his comments I think the proof is in the pudding because he said.
He said that.
County elections officials hope the smooth voting for North Miami Council race in the Palmetto Bay, mayor of Merrill and council contest was a preview of the November 5th vote.
Though they were only a small scale model of that much larger election.
The county tested some of the changes instituted since the 910 Fiasco by stationing three county employees and represented over the voting machine manufactured every polling location to help the volunteer poll workers were calling it the triangle salad.
It's our new and improved precinct setup at precinct such as premier Eglise Baptist or rather the North Miami suit.
I'm saying it's a Haitian thing.
Mon poll workers are numbered voters much of the day.
We had more observers commissioners and aids than we had voters said Gwen McDuffie the precinct clerk.
I don't want to say to being over zealous I guess they just want to make sure that everything goes right after what happened last time we don't need no more embarrassment.
Is what they're trying to say.
Oh agreement ends fall while lawsuit challenging Virginia church property limits.
The Reverend jury fall while church instead of Virginia agreed to win fall while federal lawsuit over an 18th century law limiting how much land a church can own.
Lawyers on both sides in fall while suit agreed yesterday that the law does not apply to the Thomas Road Baptist Church which plans to expand.
The church was incorporated in April after the U.S. District Judge Norman came moon no relation to Wally moon struck down another state law that abard churches from becoming corporations which are not subject to land limits remember Wally moon no bill heard no Tommy Burgess still cutting him moon agreed with lawyers decision.
Yes that they say he'll rule that property restrictions do not apply to fall well church the decision made a trial on fall well constitutional challenge of the rule unnecessary.
That's good because that'll give more time for important things like the teletubbies and thinking winky and winky dinky I guarantee when he heard about winky dink he just about flipped his piece you know it.
In fact if Jackbury were still alive which he's not I guarantee he'd be he'd be hauling his ass in the court to sue him over some kind of fag allegations about winky dink you know what I mean.
Yeah isn't that what the priest usually does when the altar boy lifts up his skirt a little winky dink wink at it wink in an adjunct you know that.
Right American media keep the liberals invisible says Antonio's their bison is her bicius you know some of the copies of this stuff that you fact.
Good good good good good articles but the fact that I can read this is like a major miracle bad on this sense I can only imagine man.
Not that I'm panning myself on the eyelid or anything like that but good God there's little media time for critics of US culture rights and Tony was a bc's yesterday in the Toronto star.
Well I read this I guess I'm probably if I would have clipped it out of the star I could read it better than but anyway Sunday night way up in the nosebleed section of the digital dial on MSNBC it's channel 133 here on Roger's digital cable.
I was thrilled to land on a rerun of the news conference that Michael Moore of Roger and me in stupid white man gave it the Toronto International Film Festival to promote his newest documentary bowling for Columbine which borrows its title from the horrible high school massacre in Colorado in 1999.
No MSNBC was actually running the news conference Roger's cable which had taken during the festival its telecast on its community channel 10 was merely subbing regular MSNBC programming with the newser in order fulfill its can com commitments for carrying the channel in Canada but that's another con.
They have to carry some us Canadian content so all weekend long they have these press conferences on MSNBC instead of the regular programming and it sucks.
Moore who seems to be far more at home here than in his native USA was defending his polemical film about guns and the American psyche a film that won a special jury prize at can also earned a sustained 13 minute ovation from the audience.
Moore complained that American critics had not given bowling for Columbine the attention and deserves that nobody had reported that the country's largest theater chain which is based in Colorado has refused to exhibit the film when it opened later this month.
Big surprise. More anti corporate left liberal films TV shows and books tend not to play well with the corporate conservative media for example his stupid white man which was almost shredded by the publisher last fall for being patriotically incorrect is been on all the best seller list for nearly a year but is yet to be refuted by the New York Times and other major papers.
His last TV series the awful truth was made in Canada by the Halifax based Salter Street films which also co-fines finance Columbine.
I can count on one hand the number of times they have seen him on screen on US TV since stupid white men became a hit and yet and culture his polar opposite both physically and politically seen all over the dial screeching the same half truth he wrote in a best selling a screen slander liberalize about the American right.
Is it just because she has better legs than more that she gets all this exposure including a substitute hosting area on CNN's crossfire or is it because contrary to her contention and that many of many readers of e-mail complaints about my left wing ravings and the stars comedy sland the liberal media ain't so liberal.
Sure there are islands in the market might as right media ocean on a magazine actually find Harper's and the nation to name two of the few the internet is blessedly filled with alternative miles in Canada we can count on CBC and TVO not to always run everything through the Internet.
This is good for the market filter but in the US the cybermen PR there's not much not even PBS that's right not even PBS consider how last month even the much respected Jim Lehrer gave defense secretary rumstal to free pass never challenging him when he repeatedly fudge the facts for example rumstal reiterated the bush mitt propaganda that's beautiful.
Oh I see bushes I thought I said bush mitt the bushes propaganda about how Sodom who's saying through the weapon inspectors out when in fact they were pulled out.
Last spring PBS ran a superb six hour documentary titled Commanding Heights the Battle for the World Economy based on the book by David Jurgen and Joseph Stanislaw.
It's an unabashed appreciation of the free market a tribute to market that your Ronald Reagan Milton Freeman and their inspiration build up prize winning economist Friedrich von Hayek.
So one side of this is it that the Wall Street Journal had lined its review of it PBS likes capitalism more than commercial networks through calling it a peon to private enterprise.
This series was not only originally co funded by Enron it ran just as the markets were imploding and CEOs were getting busted for being too free of regulation.
Meanwhile I can get dozens of provocative and prize winning films PBS will not run including Danny Schechter's counting on democracy about the scandal is 2000 vote in Florida.
Schechter and Emmy winning TV journalist author and web blogger says PBS rejected it because it's biased instead it'll run who counts a special a political special starting Saturday night live or starring certain at live alumnus D'Aral Ham and doing his algorithm impersonation.
One PBS show that is not get behind the news is now with Bill Moir to watch it. I tape it Sunday said dawn off KCT as in Seattle.
That's because like many other PBS stations WNED and Buffalo doesn't air it so much for liberal media which is why root for Michael Moore even when he goes over the top and her edge maybe his next film should take on CNN.
Apologize for the crappy reading but like I said the print is like so mushy man. It's like mush potatoes like mashed potato yeast is what it looks like here.
320 votes on our governor our gubernatorial election pool with the elections only a little over a month away today is October 2nd November 5th my birthday will be the big elections man the midterms and they can't be a big election.
Goobin at your election in Florida who would you vote for if the election were today Bill McBride 171.
Jeb Bush 97 Mohauer David 35 I won't vote 17. 17 relentless bastards out there who just won't get off their dead ass.
From it's after 11 at 560 WNPOP and O Park is back in action with live racing every Friday and Saturday night.
There's a new first race post time at 715 PM and for the first time in a 40 year history of the track there'll be free glove house and grand set of mission all season long as always.
The race and course history general parking there to no wages the season at Pompadopark come play the super super with a $10,000 bonus payout or try one of the two pick four wages this Friday night October 4th is
C scape night and there'll be free prize drawings to win to win one of five trips for two on the C scape casino dinner cruise got that yes on the C scape casino dinner cruise also on a program Friday is the $48,000
final of the Florida sunshine stakes for trotters and then Saturday it's the big 48,000 dollar sunshine stake finals for Pacers for the next two weeks Pompadopark will be open for live racing every Friday and Saturday.
And of course don't forget the track is still open every day of your life seven days a night a week for a simul casting starting in noon.
But please don't forget the new post time during live racing 715 at Pompadopark on Powerline Road a block south Atlantic Boulevard.
Don't forget new post time keeps saying it over and over again Steve 715 PM at prestigious Pompadopark plung your guts out.
My life and look all this is 4305 cities.
Way to a yeah.
Fight meals poll.
I just can't stop moving my butt is really sore.
I don't know what I've eaten.
Oh god he comes so poor.
My friends are because of my due.
I want to go in there if I want you.
I'm saying that because it's not for you.
I think it's our move it just for you.
It wasn't number one it's number two.
I wouldn't go in there if I was you.
And maybe thankful it was just a million.
I never know.
How's he doing pali?
How's old fat boy doing?
Is he ever going to get out of that chair?
Are they going to wheel him in that chair to the pine box to the piano case?
Did you call him a cast off?
It cast away.
Chargers dropped in cannibalism case.
I think this is a great segue.
Great falls Montana.
Now you've been there haven't you?
Sure.
An inmate and a former mental patient accused of butchering a 10 year old boy and feeding him to the neighbors.
Likely won't face murder and kidnapping charges because the alleged victim's mother believes her son is alive.
Zachary ramsie's mother Rachel Howard said yes.
The issue is prepared to testify.
She did not believe Nathaniel bar Jonah had killed her son in 1996.
Prompting prosecutors to drop their case.
I did not want bar Jonah to be convicted of a crime.
I don't believe he did Howard said in the interview in her attorney's office.
Howard said her belief is based on several things including a videotape.
She says her shows her son at age 12.
She said police did not believe the boy in the video was her son.
Bar Jonah 45 already serving a 130 year prison sentence in Montana for kidnapping and sexual assault in a separate case was accused of abducting Zachary while he walked to school.
The boy's body was never found.
Authorities have said evidence suggest that bar Jonah killed the boy and his both of his body in meals served to unsuspecting neighbors.
Searchers of bar Jonah's house nearly three years ago turned up list of children's names including Zachary and encrypted letters in which bar Jonah wrote about such dishes as little boys stew, little boy pot pies and lunches served on the patio with roasted child.
Prosecutor Brant Light City would ask that the charges be thrown out of a trial schedule begin next week a judge had to approve the request in light of Rachel Howard's testimony.
I don't think there's any way we could win this case.
Defensive attorney Don Verne said he was pleased with the prosecutor's decision but added that it was competent bar Jonah with an acquitted a trial.
What there is is a make it be serving 130 year prison sentence.
I don't know.
Bar Jonah was convicted earlier this year sexually assaulting a 14 year old great false boy and hanging the boys eight year old cousin from a kitchen ceiling those assaults occurred 1998 and nine bar Jonah's appeal that verdict bar Jonah spent 11 years in a Massachusetts metal hospital after one attack in which authority said he tried to kill two boys before that he forced an eight year old boy into his car and choked him with his belt shortly after his release.
He assaulted another boy.
Let's keep leaving these people out.
I'm going to do it again and again.
That they had about him that I saw that just made you want to puke because of the whole way that he got out just the slip shot system they had him in prison or an amenal and a mental nut house several times and they let out every single time.
Sounds like Ted Bundy to me.
Oh, but he didn't escape.
They let him out.
I understand, but at the same difference like the one time Bundy just walked out the window.
We kind of like hopped out when it doubt.
Let's hop out.
They were in the other room.
I have a little discussion.
They just left them alone in there in the interrogation room and he just kind of like hopped out the window and watered off and never never land.
Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
He waived.
Anyway, four men claimed they were molested as teens.
White planes, New York, four men are alleging that there were sexually molested three decades ago when they were teenagers preparing for the priesthood by members of the
Salisian Roman Catholic Order.
Salisian Catholic Order.
Salisian Catholic Order.
In the lawsuit filed in state court in white planes, the men claimed Salisian officials, salacious officials, including one who is now an auxiliary bishop, knew the abuse was taking place, which seems to be part of the course, eh?
The law firm representing the order so that the case should be dismissed because the statute limitation has run out.
The Salisian's comment is that although they appreciate the plaintiffs feel that they're in pain, the Salisians feel these allegations took place so many years ago, said Seth Tobbe of Maccarta in English.
But the plaintiffs lawyer, Marsha Gopin, said, we want to ensure that the defendants over whom they still have authority no longer deal with kids.
We want the Salisians to recognize what happened to our clients, the suits each an unspecified amount of damages.
The abuse allegedly occurred at the Salisians' junior seminary in Goshen, New York.
No, Goshen?
I know in Egypt, in Egypt.
Goshen formerly the home of the Woodpecker Hamiltonian used to be in Goshen.
You met the big harness race?
You know about that.
Nope.
The four men said they were repeatedly sexually molested while living in the seminary between 1959 and 1973.
69 and 73.
One plaintiff Joseph Lemmy of Mom of County, New Jersey, said the Reverend Emilio Allui, then the seminary de Marctery dismissed Lemmy from the seminary when he heard the abuse saying Lemmy was not priest material.
Allui is now an auxiliary bishop in Boston.
He's not a defendant in the case which names the Roman Catholic Order and two top officials of its New-Bershield-based Eastern province.
Another one of these goddamn priest stories that are popping up like all over the place.
If nobody cares anymore, it's not the Romanic inner sighting in the Hutsi Tutsi and Hatsi Tutsi anymore.
What's that got to do with Iraq?
That's right.
Well, here's something that does.
See, we don't waste any time.
This is from TomPain.com.
The defense budget and wartime profiteering by Stephen Rosenfeld, who's a commentary editor for TomPain.com.
He says since the founding of the Republic many of the richest Americans have made their fortunes from war.
In his book, Waltham Democracy, Kevin Phillips documents that's really capitalist highlights,
is John Hancock supplying the troops in his era, the Northern industrialists who prospered during the Civil War,
and in the 20th century, the many companies and industries that secure government contracts during wartime.
The progression includes modern counter parts like Halliburton, the firm headed by Dick Cheney before he became vice president,
which is now supplying US military bases near Afghanistan.
Congress is now poised to pass the biggest increase in defense spending since Ronald Reagan's administration,
the House and Senate versions of the defense budget, which have yet to be reconciled and adopted,
authorized roughly $400 billion in spending for the federal 2003 fiscal year, according to the CBO.
The bill also commits taxpayers to additional outlays of $400 billion between 2002 and 2007.
The defense budget increases itself larger than any country's entire defense budget,
with the sole exception of Russia as reported in the Washington Post and elsewhere.
The US defense budget is larger than the total defense budgets of the next 25 nations combined,
but it's not all US military spending.
The defense budget doesn't include the entire Pentagon budget for Star Wars,
which will militarize space with new nuclear weapons.
It doesn't include unforeseen spending for the war on terrorism,
it doesn't include the cost of a new war with Iraq, and it doesn't include yet another plum from American weapons makers,
what NATO allies may spend updating their militaries.
All of this has made defense stocks a bright spot, an otherwise gloomy market.
Yet the New York Times reported September 22 that military spending has been rising, but so far at least,
there's been no boom for the stocks of the Pentagon's big contractors, but that's not exactly the case.
The Times presided standard in poorest aerospace and defense stock index,
which said 2001 wasn't as good a year as 2000 for these companies.
Part of that statistic is due to merger's and acquisitions in the industry this year,
but don't be fooled.
Leading business publications report defense contractors will be doing well for years to come,
and they identify companies that have done quite well since 9-11.
Take Raytheon, for example, which had $6.3 billion in Pentagon contracts in 2000.
Its stock-accorring tobearance online is of 13% from a year ago.
Shares of Lockheed Martin, the world's largest military contractor,
with $15 billion in Pentagon contracts in 2000, are within 10% of its all-time high-accorring tobearance.
The journal also predicted that missile defense spending should be good for Boeing and TRW,
which had $12 billion and $2 billion in Pentagon contracts in 2000 respectively.
Indeed, market analysts have by-recommendations for stocks for most of the leading US weapons makers.
The Sabers are rattling a bit more loudly in Washington,
and Wall Street is noticing, wrote David Kansas,
the Wall Street Journal online deputy managing editor on September 3rd, perhaps stating the obvious.
He goes on to quote a New York investor who says his firm is buying a basket of defense stocks,
and it's not just because of pending action in Iraq.
There's also the economy, and the easiest way for government to increase spending
into boost the economy is by spending more on defense.
But what's good for Wall Street and the defense industry is not always good for the nation,
even in a new political era defined by terrorist threats, there's a big difference between
spending on legitimate national security needs and opening up a new global arms bizarre
led by the United States and its corporate weapons makers.
When Congress takes up the 2003 defense budget, other military spending bills and coming weeks,
and not just becoming tax dollars for years to come, Congress will be helping a handful of companies
and their top shareholders secure their fortunes.
While that's perfectly consistent with American history,
much of it comes at a taxpayer expense while making the world a less safe place for the rest of us,
where Steve Rosenfeld and Tom Payne also have.
Hey, that's in Zined America, baby.
26 past 11 at 560 WQ William, with your busy lifestyle, you need all the energy can to get to feel healthy.
Old Umed is one of the products that will help you keep you in good health and feeling your best.
Old Umed contains that super duper olive oil I've been telling you about, combined with good stuff,
vitamins, minerals and rubles, to promote health for your heart, for your blood pressure,
cholesterol and your prostate, all of them easy to take soft gel caps on you, this pop in your old mouth.
Old Umed's got supplements to promote health in all different parts of your body and your circulatory system,
your digestive, your endocrine system, your skin and your bones, even your mind, all using the benefits of the finest,
the purest, the nicest, the olive oil that money can buy.
And Old Umed has products for men and ladies too.
Old Umed is a stupendous, exciting product that's helped thousands of men and women all over town,
help them stay fit.
And you can pick it up at Whole Food Markets, Walgreens, Sedanos and Avarro Pharmacy.
If you'd like to hear more information about Old Umed called their toll free number,
1-866-Olliumed.
That's 1-866-O-L-E-O-M-E-D.
And you can also order this great new product online at oliomedamerica.com.
My, my, and look all, this is 430560.
You ain't, you ain't.
Have a good, f*** yourself.
Now, by racking President Saddam Hussein's mistress, our Azula lamb'sos.
First off, let me say that I met Saddam Hussein on the line.
He was in the MDBL chat room.
That's married dictator, but looking.
He has sent me the IM, that says ASL.
That's age 6 location.
I come to find that later.
We had much to have in the common.
We must like the moonlit walks, the white peach with the broccoli,
and musical group the wiggles.
Next thing I know, I'm in the back that must Western,
laying in a pile of pillows.
I thought I was in for a night of the filthy love,
but he could not absolute.
I tried to everything, but it must still I know go for lunch.
The happiest day of his life.
Second only to when he got his QVC leaning tower of pieces,
all the pepper seekers in the mail,
was one day in Vindedabaya, go to the...
Things have never been the same.
We do it like they do it under the discovery channel.
Others said it was like sleeping with a dark needle
or from the boogie nights movie.
He made me dress like Babarabush, with a white wig and all.
And well, you can imagine the rest of the story,
like the Paul Harvey says.
Let's just say there was butter involved,
and when I walk, you can hear the ocean.
Let him.
1131 at 560, you know the guy I'm walking that got beaten up
by all the little kids?
Yes.
Guess what?
He's dead.
Dead?
Dead.
This is the case again, as we see all the time of dark folks
getting murdered by other dark folks, only in this case,
by dark little kids,
and a very nasty neighborhood in Milwaukee.
Okay, feral, pack of urchins.
I beg your pardon?
Oh, I didn't say anything.
Italian court sentences is mafia heads.
Palermo Sicily.
I guess we could probably use a little music for this?
I gotta get to Sicily sometime.
Before I croak, that's one of my great desire.
Sicilya.
I'm gonna go to Krolyone, you know?
I can invite gathering old age in about three, four years.
I can have a run.
Can you see me walking with a cane, you know, to Palermo?
And a fedora.
With all I'm sheep.
Let me take a bodyguard.
Cabrillo.
For the chapter.
Prepare La Machina.
Cabrillo.
Atom de la.
A Palermo of Croak evicted 28 Mafiosa yesterday
in a state of 1980s killings and sentenced all but two of them to life in prison.
Several of those convicted are already serving life terms for other convictions.
Among them, Salvador, total reenact.
The boss of bosses, who was nabbed in 1993 after two decades on the run.
He had the runs.
Fugida Granado Provenzano was tried in absentia.
Considered reen as successors headed to Costa Nostra,
he's alluded to capture for nearly 40 years.
They and the others were convicted of involvement about 20 murders during the 80s
when the Mafia clans battle one another for control because of the answer news agency.
Six people were acquitted.
Two people testified for the prosecution received lesser sentences.
These reports say.
Prosecutor Marcela Mousseau said he was pleased with the outcome,
even though he had sought life terms for 32 of the 34 suspects.
It was a victory of justice following hearing involving sacrifices and difficulties.
The AGI and news agency put it Mousseau is saying, and of course, for justice, you know where we go.
Si da Cusa.
The sentences were handed down as prosecutors prepared to put their latest and former on the stand.
Antonio Giufrey described as a top aid to Provenzano,
was arrested in April and reportedly began cooperating with prosecutors in June,
supplying a wealth of information that's already put several dawns behind the bars.
The answer news agency said yesterday that Giufrey would make his first appearance
in the Corporal Moe Judges next Tuesday, his lawyer, Lucia Falsoni, told the court
to use the amount of testify and double murder trial in which he's been implicated and so said.
Giufrey was convicted of involvement of the 1992 bombings in Sicily that killed anti-Mafia prosecutors,
Giovanni Falkone, and Paolo Borsalini, who was convicted for the sentence to life in prison
for Falkone's killing and 20 years for the blast that killed Borsalino.
Sicit in prosecutors are hoping his information may finally lead to Provenzano's capture
after all of this time, all these years.
Good timing.
Oh!
Man, I just get blown away by that, huh?
I feel spent.
And it's not again on VH1 of all places.
Is it really?
They just got done showing the entire thing.
Or at least one in two.
On VH1?
Yeah, don't ask me how.
What is...
Don't ask me the tie, and I don't know.
Nobody figures it out.
Wow, he has very old crap that they're always showing you.
The only thing I like on VH1 is that inside the behind...
The behind the...
Whatever.
Although VH1 Classics is pretty...
Hit and miss when it hits it hits good.
Actually, I have VH1 Classics in Amsterdam on my dish.
How do you like that? Aren't you impressed?
Well, you got a lot of good things over there.
Yes, I do.
And this is the next time when I go back there, I won't be sick all summer long,
because I won't be doing any shows from over there anymore.
You're not going to do any show now, I'm not.
And boy, cheer didn't take long.
Once the clearance called me the other day.
Didn't take long to get on the phone with that engineer over there.
Okay, take down this and take down that and send it back.
And then the clearance is all worried about,
well, we'll work out a price on that stuff,
because I'm keeping the computer and the fax machine over there.
I mean, what's the point of sending that back and going out and buying my own, you know?
So they're going to work out a price.
Believe you me, I'm going to want to see invoices.
I'm going to check it by my CPA and the CPU and the ICU, etc.
No one of bunch of grave robbers we're dealing with.
Catholic group band from church,
speaking of grave robbers, North and over mass.
A bishop band of Roman Catholic leg group formed in response to the church's exibus scandal
from meeting at a church here.
How do you like that?
The activities and promotion of the VOTF voice of the faithful must be curtailed
in order to avoid further scandal and polarity among our versioners,
Boston Arts Dice's auxiliary bishop,
Emilio S. Allou wrote and let it.
And were we just talking about him?
Yes.
Wrote in letter to the Reverend Paul T. Keyes, pastor St. Michael's parish in North and over.
Keyes had supported the group and assistant laws, one of its leaders,
but he told the group it could not meet on church property this weekend,
setting his vow of obedience to his bishop.
Voice of the faithful leader say they'll contest the band,
which they said is illegal under church in US law.
We love our church and all we ever saw from the beginning was open and honest dialogue.
Well, forget about that.
Open and honest dialogue and a Catholic church.
People must be crazy.
Voice of the faithful has been labeled by some as a descent group,
but insist that except the teaching authority of the Catholic church and does not seek to eliminate celibacy,
among priests who allow ordination of women.
But Alou wrote that Arts Dice is seeking clarification of all hidden and open issues involved and promoted by V.O.T.F.
until that process is complete, meetings are inappropriate.
Go hold your meet someplace else.
We'll hold the altar boys meet.
You will hold your meet someplace else, okay?
How dare they descent?
Yeah.
You've got some freaking nerve, mister.
Don't be questioned in the Holy Father.
Because he's the ultimate, okay, when it comes to matters of dottering, uh,
senility, things like that, the vicar of Christ on earth.
Voice policy, shirt AIDS prevention groups say,
this is from yesterday's Washington Post, proponents of comprehensive sex education accused the Bush administration yesterday,
avoidging a widespread campaign of disinformation and intimidation that is hampering AIDS prevention work across the country.
Another good one here for the Bushmeister.
The activist said several government audits aggressive promotion of abstinence only programs and retreat from earlier prevention efforts may put young people on minorities that increased risk,
along wanted pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases.
Whenever AIDS educators are repressed and harassed and kept from doing their jobs,
the epidemic is the big winner, so Joanne C.D., director of HIV AIDS programs at humans rights watch.
Whenever moral judgmentalism and squeamishness are judged by politicians to be more important than preventing a life threat and catastrophe, the epidemic is the winner.
The accusations are part of intensifying the debate that's occurring as Congress considers the president's request to increase abstinence only funding to 135 million bucks.
Administration officials while arguing that abstinence is the only guaranteed protection denied that there's any effort to single out liberal organizations that promote safe sex through contraceptive use.
We believe young people across the board should abstain until merits at Claude Allen, deputy secretary of health and human services.
If that fails, finalities the next safest protection against contracted disease followed by common use.
In several instances, federal health officials said they're conducting investigations at the behest of lawmakers.
The lawmakers are complained about federally funded groups that distribute explicit sexual materials played on the importance of faith and heckled HHS secretary Tommy, Cheesehead Thompson, International AIDS Conference in Barcelona.
We're obligated under law to follow through Allen said.
Thompson has however expanded a review of the San Francisco-based Stop AIDS Project to all the Department of Funded HIV AIDS activities.
He's authorised a new audit of HIV related project at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention just months after a $1 million review was completed.
He drank water out of a creek. It's an isolated incident. He don't have anthrax.
Tommy, Cheesehead Thompson, man, and the public out there, they can't wave that flag fast enough and hard enough and hide out.
Wave it long and proud, baby, and the flag too. God, it is just stupifying. You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
The stup apart, underlying that part, stupifying.
Good song.
Three-empty-two votes on the poll. If we're having a lesson for Governor and Florida right now, this minute, who'd you be voting for?
Bill McBride, 207, 207 votes. Jeb Bush, 109. Mohawer, David 44, as a writer, I guess. I won vote 22.
I think we'll put Mo on a poll every day, you know what?
Sure. This is kind of an outlet for them mollickers, something.
Yeah. The more they hear them, the more they get obsessed.
They're psychotic about it. The more votes, the better.
That's right. The more the better. That's what Eric says. Eric likes a lot of those extra votes.
Of course, Eric, you know, he's under a lot of stress, a lot of pressure up there. He has issues.
If you say that one more time about he has issues, I say that about everybody.
I know it, and I can't stand it. It's another one that was really idiotic expressions, man.
I'd rather hear you say, I candy than issues.
I candy.
Oh, that sounded so much better than Eric has issues.
I mean, you know, other people could have issues, but Eric has issues like what?
What did they have like brunch and lunch and later all like to play for one?
The latest issue of TV guy.
The latest issue of gluten's, gluten's anonymous.
Yeah, Eric is doing an organization here.
He thought that GA was gamblers anonymous, which a lot of people on the station should belong to.
He belongs to gluten's anonymous.
Now that's bad. Just because he weighed 600 pounds, he lost an answer to you said, right?
Like 60 pounds.
Do what was he down to now? Like 450?
Hey, speaking of that, a lot of people out there fat, including me,
with a lot of us fat folks, I can make fun, but believe me, looking at mirror,
it's not a pretty thing.
So let's talk about the lights of West Boka.
You've also heard how great the Atkins died. It works well.
The places shop where all your Atkins needs is still the leader in the diet industry.
We're talking about the lights of West Boka.
Can you imagine a little low carb, no fat delicious scoop of ice cream on a hot day like today?
I'd personally rather have like Nisly's turtle myself.
How about over a thousand low carb, no sugar products is ready for you to taste.
It's like we're little hot fudge melted on it.
Because if the lights of West Boka, you can always try it before you buy it.
And if the lights is 25% off all Atkins products all the time,
from candy to cookies to snacks to breads and vitamins,
the lights of West Boka's got it all with more great stuff arriving every day.
Like the brand new, controlled carb brownies.
They just got in affordless flavors like peanut, coconut, classic, and cherry.
I bet you will come back to town in a couple of weeks.
I bet you, uh, PD Lenny will be having a whole bunch of them brownies in there.
There are cases of it.
I sure hope you enjoy them.
And they taste like your grandma's recipe.
Not because they're not going to taste good, but because you know me in my sensitive stomach.
The lights of West Boka on the north east corner of Glades in 441 and Boka.
You're open till 10, 7 days a week call 877 Low Carb.
Or check them out on the web at lowcarb.com.
The lights of West Boka were the staff full of knowledge to put you on the path
to loosen those fat disgusting, grotesque pounds that make you unhealthy and look like a tub.
Check out all the great stuff and the lights you're official atkins diet 7.
Find a local business in five cities.
The radio's all yours now.
You will.
And you go back to Canada, you two bastards.
Oh, Canada, you think that you're in luck.
Oh, so are our star game.
Cause your own sports really suck.
You've got dog sled runs.
You should lose with guns.
What a way to entertain.
And you fish for ice.
You think hockey's nice.
Cause it's played without a brain.
Oh, right.
Who are Canada?
Oh, nausea.
Give me my old star game.
I want it back now.
Cause baseball in Canada makes me a blow-chall.
146 at 560 WQM.
You better get with it.
Okay.
All you idiots down there.
Because we got our priority straight up here.
The big issue in the world of the...
Oh, wait a minute.
Source tells the star McLean and CBC already had that on our only 25,000 apart.
But you know something?
I could go downtown like right out on a young street and collect that 25 gram for Ron McLean
in a couple hours.
Of course, I'd probably pocket most of it.
You see what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I mean, 25 gram Canadian.
That's only about 15 gram US.
That's small potatoes.
So if they're only 25,000 apart, they could like chop off some of that CBC evening news.
Or some of the crap they put on there.
You know, like some of those wild northern west...
You know what I'm talking about.
Where they're out there shooting moves like that bitset.
Yeah, that's right.
Cut a little bit of that crap.
You can just take a couple of the world Canadian Mounties and stuff them or something.
Okay.
Give that 25 gram to Ron McLean.
We want Ron McLean and Don Sherry and Hockey Night in Canada.
Oh, damn it.
We're going to send 75 million emails to the guy at the MCBC and to LaBance and everybody else
and all the ships at sea and Foster Hewitt and everybody else too.
And Danny Galavan and Dan Kelly and Bill Hewitt and Jeff Rimmer and Joe Bowen.
Keep going, man.
Keep going with Joe Bowen.
I'm worked up and pissed off about this.
I'm serious.
The newspapers here are treating this like this is like WW3, man.
So you can't relate to it.
It's an important heavy duty stuff.
Well, I'll trade you.
Now, let's see.
And exactly.
That's my point.
Up here they're not invading anybody.
They're not dropping LaBamba.
They're not planning to assassinate anybody.
They're just...
We're minding their own business.
Okay.
We're taking care of important business.
Hockey season starts in a few days.
And that's what's important here is God damn LaBance.
Hockey night in Canada.
God damn it.
And coaches corner with Ron McLean.
Now with some like old funny day like Great Back Dave Hodges, 100 years old or Brian Williams
who's his boringest dog poop.
We don't want any of those Starrerless Scott Oak who looks like a wooden oak tree.
We don't want those assholes on here.
We want our boy Ron McLean.
Don't wait.
You better.
I'm going to go out there with a guy named Canadian Flag right after the show today and jump
up and down and stand up there at Young and Blur and just carry on like a maniac.
Don't you think that's a good idea?
Or I could go up to the viaduct there and commit suicide.
You know who did that?
Like a lot of the victims from the child molesters that may believe gardens those kids.
They used the mind.
And I think they blocked off the viaduct up there because it became a very popular suicide jumping
off point.
Which I would have thought that maybe going to the top of the sea and tower and Joe Castellan
his buddies went to the sea and tower.
Maybe there was an access to get to the outside from up there.
And I forgot to ask them how do you get to the...
No, there's an elevator that takes you right up to the top of the sea and tower.
Yeah, we go like out on the railing and like the space near.
I don't know.
I don't...
I'm not crazy about heights myself.
Feds worn drug makers gift to doctors maybe illegal.
Oh, this is...
This is great.
The Bush administration told doctors yesterday essentially by your own golf balls, get your
own balls, concert tickets and vacations because drug makers who offer such incentives run
risk running a foul of the law.
See, the doctors aren't part of that special group.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, they can do that.
And you want to know why?
Because they don't have any oil.
In a draft meant to offer guidance to the industry, the office of the Inspector General
took aim at some common practices and said they could lead the civil or criminal charges.
Let's go back to those guy named Corrupt Doctors is what I say.
Suspect activities include paying doctors to act as consultant researchers in marketing efforts,
paying pharmacies or doctors to switch patients from one drug to a competitor,
providing scholarships, grants for research and other gifts with more than normal value to doctors.
Just ask your buddy Moses about this.
He'll tell you all the scams that are going on.
He has.
Most of which he's probably got his finger in.
Now he's the busy guy that's finger other places.
The guidance comes after years of concern about some drug industry marketing practices.
Critics say such tactics, tactics, implement doctors to prescribe certain drugs and lead
to a higher cost for consumers.
The draft lays out for the first time in what document with the government expressed.
And by the way, speaking of higher cost for consumers, drugs up here, first of all,
a lot of the stuff that's prescription down there in the US.
Yeah.
Over the counter here like my Allegra.
Excellent.
And they end the prescription drugs.
Most of them a hell of a lot cheaper.
Those diabetes tested in strips.
Yeah.
Much cheaper.
The draft now up for 60 days of public comment says some nominal cost gifts are okay,
but does not give specifics.
And says it says a voluntary code of ethics adopted this summer by the pharmaceutical research
and manufacturers of America should be considered a minimum standard.
The code says sales reps can buy doctors meals on occasion,
but only in conjunction with medical education.
And only at the pizza lot golf balls or bags emblazoned with drum company logos and all.
So if your doctor's got like some companies logo on his balls, dump them.
Need to our tickets to entertain an event cash payments or other incentives given for prescribing products.
So if you're getting a panther tickets, your doctor, then dump them.
The draft guidance also says drug companies can pay charges for reporting average wholesale prices
that difference substantially from what is actually charged in touting those prices in marketing.
That's because the government uses those prices on a few drugs covered by Medicare.
If the drugs are sold for less doctors can go for the higher amount and keep the difference ready for that.
I heard it's a tactic drug makers use to lure doctors to their products costing taxpayers a billion dollars a year.
The government estimates grade robbers, butchers, murderers.
Am I getting a senator what pill pushers?
Uh oh four Canadians have been placed on alert and told a prepare to head for Iraq as part of the UN weapons inspection team.
And Canadian diplomats says, how do you like that?
It's part of the inspection team.
Not to blow anybody up, not to shoot a Sodom or a Samuya Mamari, but else.
It's part of the inspection team.
And I guarantee the Bushies are too happy about that.
Have you noticed how pissed off they were about that?
I know.
You're all praying.
Hands blicks as we're going back in there.
We got an agreement.
And not so fast.
We want to see those seven palaces, baby.
That's where he's got all the good stuff.
That's where he's got all the good pornoflicks at those palaces.
Speaking of scumbags, Viking star charged with marijuana possession.
Minnesota Viking star receiver Randy Moss was charged yesterday with possession of a small amount of marijuana, adding to charges last week that he pushed a traffic officer with his car.
The new petty Mr. Meendr account carries a fine up to 200 bucks, but it could also lead away suspension or fine from the NFL.
Police said they found a marijuana cigarette and Moss's car after it was arrested September 24th.
Moss was driving in downtown Minneapolis when the traffic officer stepped in front of his car to stop him from making a legal turn.
She was slightly injured when she fell off the car.
Moss spent the night in jail with charged the next day with careless driving and failed to obey a traffic officer, both Mr. Meeners.
The complaint said the marijuana amounted just under a gram.
Moss said the marijuana did not belong to him and he a lot of the people use his car recently.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Moss underwent another test by the NFL after his arrest last week.
NFL spokesman Greg Ayello said the league would review the case.
Under the policy of drug-related violation of law's grounds for disciplinary action, Ayello said.
If Moss has positive for banned illegal substance or is convicted on possession charge, he could be subjected to fines and suspensions by the league.
He was allowed to play last Sunday's 48-23 laws at Seattle.
And like they say in China, Gourner's Health and didn't help.
403 votes on our governor pool, 222 for Bill McBride, 111 for Jeb the Bushmeister.
That sounds like 2-2-2-1-1-1.
Moe Howard David 46, 46, and I won't vote 24.
Walt Disney Company Chairman and Chief Executive Michael Eisner yesterday said reports of a possible combination of Disney's ABC News Division with AOL Time Order and CNN News Division are very premature.
Thank the Lord.
Thank you.
Both ABC and CNN have had conversations about more efficient ways to deliver the news eyes and said, and he wouldn't give the chances such a deal happening more than 50-50 odds.
However, Eisner said that putting together the broadcast and cable news operations would fit in with Disney's way of running its divisions.
He pointed out that the management in Charged Day Time Programming was also responsible for its SOAPnet cable channel, just as those who run the Tune Disney cable channel also run the ABC Saturday morning programming.
Eisner made his comments at the Goldman Sachs Communicopia Conference in New York, the Disney CEO said the company would also consider a sale of its Anaheim Angels baseball team and the Mighty Ducks hockey team and Brian Murray.
Disney's results this year were heard by a weak economy, drop in visitors of Disneyland and Disney World after last year's terrorist attacks and weak ratings at ABC, the Disney Board approved last week an action plan focused on accelerating growth of the company.
Eisner says noting the company's reduced its overhead and improved its margin.
So it's only 50-50, you know what that means? It means it's done deal.
And you want to know why? Because they lie a lot.
It's just like, you know, radio management, they lie a lot.
Oh, we're not for sale in like a week later. Oh, we just got fought by who is it going to buy us?
Infinity.
No, no, no. No, no. No, no. I got it. I got it here somewhere. The bottom of my pile. I kept it.
That outfit that we never heard of before for some strange reason.
Oh, that's right. That's right.
Oh, there's my poster thing for Tom Welling that Carlos sent me.
Here Carlos has got a couple of those.
A couple of them.
A couple of them. Biggest Tom Welling poster.
Something calm. Visicom. No. Michael Jackson to start new record label.
Jack O's back. Are we starting a new record label with the back of a company that changed its name today from ID Medical Group to Opus Media?
A music business website. Hitstatelydevil.com.
Speculated Jackson might be involved with an Opus issue to press release yesterday, stating they'd gone into business with a major pop star.
But a check by Fox 411 into the financial filings of ID medical shows that back in May when Jackson was freaking out about money and Tommy Metola.
He was busy making the deal with Opus Media's Robert Gordon.
We don't have time for that.
Okay, because our new to one hour is coming up. It's Niels Bits every Wednesday from new to one where we sit back and
relate and play a lot of good stuff. Give you a few chuckles.
Can't enjoy George George loves it and Carlos loves it.
And I really love it.
I sit back here thinking about making plans for lunch.
Oh, and also just to point this out red dragon is the last meal for Anthony Hopkins's Hannibal Lecter.
And that comes out on Friday, right?
Yes. Okay.
You're just not up on these things. You better get your red dragons, man.
The Oscar winning actor first played Hannibal a cannibal in 91 sounds at length and revisited the rule in last year's Hannibal on Friday.
Like I said, he completes the trilogy with red dragon and that's it.
He says it last night's premiere. People are saying this is the best one he said.
And I agree I love sounds at lambs, but this one has something else.
No more Hannibal movies. No more. He said his next film probably will be for dragon director Brett Ratner playing Superman's father, drawer L.
Never super answer father. Yes.
Is that the role that Marlon Brando played? Yes.
Well, I got news for you, mister. He's good. Anthony Hopkins, but he ain't no Marlon Brando.
No. Can you see him playing into Godfather? Play what?
Don't call the only one.
Four minutes till noon at 560 WQ way.
M. Hey, if your carpets took a beating during the summertime because of the rain and the schmutz and all the other crap and the kids being out of school.
Here's the answer for another to fall is here. Pick up the phone and call the experts at dry concepts. They'll never let you down.
They understand you put a good investment of those carpets a fortune. So instead of spending even more on brand new carpeting, get the old ones in good shape looking just like brand new with dry concepts exclusive patented dry cleaning method.
That sucks out. When it doubt they suck it out the deep down dirt that's in the fibers of your carpets leaves them looking just like brand new smelling lemonade fresh and people will be amazed and so will you.
It's just how fantastic your carpeting looks and they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job.
Concepts is here once you use them the first time you'll understand my have had them in my home for over 20 years now.
And they also do a stupendous job at a fair price of cleaning your furniture and drapery spot dying fiber protection carpet repairs in plenary of a rough service that second and on the older
ization and if a flood strikes you water damage restoration second to nobody anywhere. So pick up that phone and call dry concepts today.
They'll never disappoint in Broward call 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 7 8 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 7 7 8 in data Palm Beach. It's a tool free call 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 1
3 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 clean today you can entertain tonight with dry concepts.
I'm a man. We're sports radio 516. Do a yeah.
I've to stay Goldstein but you can call me Kelsey whenever I'm in town I listen to wait a minute I am in town.
It's the 12 to 1 hour.
I'm going to be a man.
I'm going to be a man.
I'm going to be a man.
I'm going to be a man.
I'm going to be a man.
I'm going to be a man.
I'm going to be a man.
I'm going to be a man.
I'm going to be a man.
I'm going to be a man.
I'm going to be a man.
I'm going to be a man.
I'm going to be a man.
I'm going to be a man.
I'm going to be a man.
Rudy's a little training.
Why can't you understand?
You don't sound like a man.
We move the rubber bands that show your stroke comes Kelsey.
Kelsey.
Kelsey.
Kelsey.
Your lucky management don't help.
Kelsey.
You don't belong there on the air and Kelsey.
So sports can wait till your voice cracks.
Because anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only jake you back when both your babies drop.
Kelsey.
Kelsey.
When you're gonna grow up, you make us wanna grow up.
You're still a squeaky poop. Go to broadcasting school.
You're free to visit boys.
Thanks you. Sound like a hug.
Uh-huh.
You're a hug.
You're a hug.
You're a hug.
You're a hug.
I'm too sexy for my love.
Too sexy for my love.
What's going to weave me?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
I'm too sexy for my shirt.
Too sexy for my shirt.
So sexy it hurts.
Ow.
I'm too sexy for that rabbit.
Too sexy for that rabbit.
That rabbit's letting get it.
Uh-huh.
I'm a hunter.
I hunt rabbits.
I do my little thing in the forest.
I'm a hunter.
I hunt rabbits.
I do my little thing in the forest.
I'm too sexy for my bullets.
Too sexy for my bullets.
I put bullets in my rifle.
I'm too sexy for this forest.
We barely, barely quite.
I'm hunting rabbits.
I'm a hunter.
I hunt rabbits.
I do my little thing in the forest.
I'm a hunter.
I hunt rabbits.
I do my little thing in the forest.
I'm too sexy for that rabbit.
And pardon me, Doc.
Are you talking about me?
Oh, yes.
I'm going to question you and use you for swippers.
I thought you are a mental pig.
And you better put that gun down, Lamping Boy, before you hurt somebody.
I'll show you what beast you would have.
Black, the egg, the egg, the egg, the egg, the egg.
I don't know.
Tonight at 9 on the Food Network, it's Emerald Dice Clay.
Okay.
So tonight we're going to kick it up a couple of ginnons.
What the f**k you clapping for, honey?
I ain't cooking f**k yet.
Chef Emerald Dice Clay, Lettersduddy Day, for an all,
shows you how to do things in the kitchen you never dreamed of.
Today I'm going to show you how to smoke fish.
What is my f**k is it for?
And nobody reads a recipe like Emerald Dice Clay.
Jack and Jill, what up the hell?
They'll make themselves some stew.
And just like an oven, Jill needed some oven.
So he put his meat in their clothes.
Is that genius?
It's the hottest cooking show on cable.
Hey, take a look at this, but, long, was ya?
Come on, baby, you know you want to grab my wiener.
That Emerald Dice Clay right after Iron Chef.
F**k you f**k and snap ahead.
You can blindfold these people with dental balls.
Only on the f**kin food network.
Nettles and video stores everywhere.
From the people who brought you the Fruel Gormais cooks with wine.
It's the Fruel Gormais cooks with boys.
Yes, the Fruel Gormais cooks Italian.
Hey little man, I got some lovely sausage for ya.
The Fruel Gormais cooks Chinese.
Today I'm going to make some young guy.
And of course, the Fruel Gormais cooks Greek.
Yes, it's your warm and fuzzy old friend, the Fruel Gormais,
like you've never seen him before.
He may be Fruel Gormais with his money, but not with his thoughts.
The Fruel Gormais cooks with boys.
Only 1995, the video store near you.
And don't forget, coming next fall, it's the Fruel Gormais cooks with malt liquor.
Being all natural isn't as easy as it used to be.
While we haven't changed a thing at F**kers, Jambs and Gellies.
Just all natural goodness in every jar of F**kers since 1920.
And we still make our jams the old fashioned wine.
With each batch, stirred with care by mother F**ker herself.
She makes sure that only the freshest fruit and pure cane sugar go into our jams.
Because you see, being all natural is what Fruercers is all about.
And Fruercers just wouldn't be Fruercers without old mother Fruercer.
Oh, today has got a bunch of little Fruercers who love her jam too.
So the next time you want the best, look for Fruercers with old mother Fruercer right on the label.
Because with a name like Fruercers, it has to be good.
Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word F**k.
Out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F,
F**k is the only word that is referred to as the F word.
It's the one magical word.
Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love.
F**k as most words in the English language is derived from German.
The word Fliken which means to strike.
In English, F**k falls into many grammatical categories as a transitive verb, for instance.
John F**k, surely.
Its meaning is not always sexual.
It can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the f**king work.
As part of an adverb, surely talks too f**king much.
As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, surely is f**king beautiful.
As a noun, I don't give a f**k.
As part of a word, abso f**k, and loosely, or in f**king credible.
And as almost every word in a sentence, f**king f**king f**kers.
As you must realize there aren't too many words with a versatility of f**k.
As in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got f**king at the used car lot.
This may, or f**k it.
Trouble, I guess I'm really f**k now.
Aggression, don't f**k with me buddy.
This missile, why don't you go outside and play hide and go f**k yourself.
I'm sure you can think of many more examples.
Say it loudly and proudly.
F**k you.
Hey man, it's a 9-pass new NQA.
And by the way, I should point out here that did you ever see the video version of that where the guy actually reads that thing?
No, there's a video.
We have a channel called Movieola where they have like short vignettes, short condensed movies, and short little things.
And a couple of weeks away, I forgot to tell you this.
It's an old film thing and like probably made in the 50s I guess.
Get out.
It's a guy in a black suit, very distinguished looking guy and it comes out.
And it's longer than that. It goes on at greater length.
That's kind of like an excise version of one that we played there.
There must be a way to get that.
You have to see it to believe it.
Anyway, this is a good fact from Bill.
Yeah, it says maybe you can...
Maybe you should write that book the best of meals.
See on our website on eorodgers.com, Eric Scott, it is amusing.
I'll say that. I can credit for that.
The best of meals, how I attack them of faith by eorodgers.
He's actually got like a book cover on there with the real books that we saw.
Right.
And people are believing it.
And he says, I smell a best seller. I went to the bookstore and tried to order it to his bill.
Well, why wouldn't they believe it?
I mean, it's there with all the other books and Scott the cover of a book.
And I think he's got a good idea. I might just write the guy down for that.
Yoder.
When it goes right, it just to answer a bunch of questions for some guy.
And there will be a great name for a book.
Sure.
The best of meals, how I attack them of faith by eorodgers.
PSY is the best radio host you not in nationwide, fire agent.
Because my agent's a pus bill. That's the answer to that.
Okay, so he wants to be a baseball player.
He wants to be a talk show host.
He wants to be a lot of things, but he's not a radio agent.
Just as George will tell you.
All like I said.
George can't see enough.
Well, I mean, I'm just Tony. He's like, you know, he wants to play in a big leagues with the big boys.
Everybody else in his business who's on doing talk for like 10 minutes a day is like,
syndicated on 100 stations minimum.
Right.
And in this, you know, this clown just asked my good friend, Lynn Sandeel's New York.
She'll tell you the show how to be syndicated.
She loves me like crazy.
And it's mutual and her website, by the way, has got great stuff on it.
LynnSangles.com.
It's 11 past noon at 560 WQA.
And there's never been a better time to purchase or a new home.
Or we finance your existing home, which is exactly what I was just going to say.
How about this rate?
How does this sound? 3.95%.
That's right. The financial group can offer you an unprecedented.
3.95% by picking up your phone right now, calling them at 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
The money you're going to save is unbelievable.
Underweight like I said, think about it.
You can get yourself a $100,000 loan for only $450 a month or a $200,000 loan for just $950 a month.
The process is simple. You'll save thousands of dollars each year.
So pick up that phone right now, grab it.
And the phone too, and call our good friends at financial group tool free.
1-800-940-Lend.
There's never been a better or smarter time to get you a low interest rate.
So call financial group.com.toddrack.com to call you beyond a way to big savings.
And by the way, Todd also give you the name of Steve M. and Davey.
He'll give you his phone number and address.
And Teddy will get some really good crap.
Financial group there, an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply.
And rates are subject to change.
So call them 2-Day Tool Free.
1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
That's 1-800-940-5363.
2-800-L-E-N-D.
This is 420-0.5-6-2.
You weigh.
I think they don't come any better than Neil Rock.
Oh!
Kind of a fad.
It's a good day can't seem too high.
Kind of a fad.
They can't admit that they like guys.
Steve got a retreat here and told me crews have got a high-precision.
You bring them here another reason.
They're all very hard to see.
Oh!
You're silly.
Oh!
They're all days.
They're all days.
They're all days.
Hey!
Kind of a fad.
What's Michael Jackson like to do?
Kind of a fad.
Who's he kidding?
Is it you?
Who's he kidding?
I'm sorry.
No one will be in the interview.
We'll always wait for him to come.
Who's he kidding?
Who's he?
Who's he kidding?
They're all days.
They're all days.
They're all days.
Yes.
They're all days.
They're all days.
Welcome.
I was right in all the trains to Austin, Texas.
Fewer hours later
than home vend tape.
From Austin.
Well, it did work.
Very quick meeting and...
...  c anderes residing.
When we had to fight it up in fun.
This has happened are kind of fantastic.
I want to kiss her, but
Welcome she won't let me
I want to whisper
Sweet nothing's in her ear
I want to hold her behind
Close doors more
Hey, babe, I want to kiss her, but she will let me
When she returned she said she was an actress
She showed me an album of pictures of her opening
What she'd been sitting on
She seemed as sweet as she could be
But I could clearly see she was the kind of girl
Who told me that heart's been right down
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me
I want to whisper
Sweet nothing's in her ear
I want to hold her behind
Close doors more
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me
Well, I'll never forget the dream right then
I'll stand
We're shared a sight and we shared our tales
But as my heart's by believer behind
Regrets are all I find
Cause I hope that you'll be there
In the end
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me
No
I want to whisper
Sweet nothing's in her ear
Welcome
I want to hold her behind
Close doors more
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me
No
There's no better reason I need to keep in the bud
I'm saying
Mixing spread and going to work
This guy is really a jerk who's saying
Watch those cat-pastas fly
Follow on a counter that's going to say
When you're feeling your pain
Remember who you should think who's saying
Me to slap wipe this crap off a man
Who's saying
For a while I'm just gone and then this guy needs a town to say
Took your show on the road got everybody to be alone and say
Now he's getting his news for causing everyone's blues
Who's saying
Think you're near to make sure he likes the blockade who's saying
Me to slap wipe this crap off a man
Who's saying
He can't work
Me to slap wipe this crap off a man
Who's saying
He's saying
Who's saying
He's saying
This is Rush Wimbaugh, Servant of Humidity, Talks Show Host, Hemroyd Suffer
Folks with over 300 pounds I know the agony of this kind of dilemma
Ladies and gentlemen I'm here to tell you theirs help
With new preparation Rush and my Rush to excellent suppositories
Now you can end the pain and it's ring of hemorrhidal tissue
Just for my picture on the box of suppositories and the applicator cube
Another fine product from OIV, the obesity and broadcasting network
And now here's Timmy Dean, founder of Timmy Dean Fork Sausage
With a few words about new Timmy Dean vagal sandwiches
Hello, I'm Timmy Dean
You know if someone had told me 25 years ago that I'd be making bagels
I'd have said, huh? That's Jew food isn't it?
But times have changed and I guess I've got to change with them
But I don't have to like it
You people want your bagels, I'll give you your bagels
With a bagel Greece's slab of Timmy Dean Fork Sausage on it
New Timmy Dean non-coacher vagal sandwiches
If you're Jewish you can buy them
You just can't eat them
New Timmy Dean vagal sandwiches
There's a little bit of bigot in every bite
I like women
I mean I love women
But sometimes I can't find a woman who likes me
That's why I'm glad there's a drive up Jack in the box at my neighborhood
The new Jack in the box sperm bank
Perfect for the guy who can't find a woman when he needs one
We're out here on the streets of the city asking people what they do for a condi-bar
Excuse me sir, yeah?
What would you do for a condi-bar?
I don't know, would you kiss me? Kiss you
Just a quick pack on the cheek
Is there a condi-bar?
Okay, give me my condi-bar
Oh you can do better than that?
Kiss me full on the lips
And a lip for a condi-bar
Okay
Now give me that condi-bar
People are starting to look
Alright I'll give you your condi-bar
But first you have to kiss me open mouth
With your tongue tickling my uvula
It's for a condi-bar
Oh god
Okay
Oh god
Why are you looking at ladies for a condi-bar?
Ah yes, about that
What? Well you see I don't actually have a condi-bar
You know?
No but it was very nice meeting you
Very very nice
I'm gonna kill you
Shock like coated ice cream so rich and thick
There's no room for a stick
Who would you do for a condi-bar?
And now, language lab
The show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds
Today's lesson Greek
Lesson 1
Strawberry pie
Strawberry pie
Lesson 2
Apple pie
Apple pie
Lesson 3
Pumpkin pie
Punky pie
Customer
What kind of pie do you have?
Answer
Apple pie's strawberry and funky
Language lab is a public service
I mean not to be copied or authorized for resale
You're welcome
For 25 and 5 60 WQMits are weekly Wednesday noon to 1 bananza here
He said bananza
Oh, speak of that
Don't forget to look for the QM van this afternoon
4 to 6 of the public located at 1075
Northwest 58th Street
And get what will be there in the van
Stopped by to win prizes
And the first 60 people will come in and say
Cash bananza
Well, when free scratch off tickets
Comments to the Florida Lottery
461 votes on a poll
If the election for governor will be held today
Right now who do you vote for?
Bill McBride 257
Jeb Bush 122
Mohawar David 53
Wooden vote
29
29 Recalcitrant Schmuck's out there
Who what young you need him to water
But you can't make him vote
It is this sound like you overworked
Underpaid
Stuck a dead end job
Underappreciated
Do yourself a favor and pick up the phone
And call our good close personal palies
And fast train tool free at 1-866
Fast train
The demand for certified computer professionals
Has never been bigger and better than it is right now
And fast train can help you achieve that new career
And start making some serious cash
And is a little less for a month
Just imagine how much you'll have to spend at
How much cash you'll have to spend at Steve M's house in Davie, right?
When you have a great new job, that's right
You can buy it on
Anyway, fast train at South Florida is
Largest certified Microsoft Training Center
With locations all over town
There's one in Pembroke Pines
One in Fort Lauderdale
One in Kendall and one in Miami
And fast train offers convenient day
And evening and weekend classes
Fast trains got a full time job placement department
With over 30 years experience, placent folks
So if you're underpaid, overworked, underappreciated
Or stuck at a dead end job working for some schmuck
Don't wait another minute
Pick up the phone and call fast train at 866 fast train
Think about it, and just for sure at months
You could be on your way to becoming a high paid
Computer professional in a career with great earning potential
So take it from us, pick up that phone and call fast train right now
1-866 fast train
Be sure to come to Steve M&D be told to do call
1-866 fast train or check them out of the web if you like it
FastTrain.com
My line is local
Here's sports radio 560s, you a UA
So we've a don't make mistakes
Oh!
Hello, you have reached Dickie's Workers' Choice Catalog
And information line
To speak with a representative or if you have a rotary phone
Please stay on the line
Thank you
Transferring to an operator
Please wait
Dickie's customer service
This is Marie and I may help you
Yeah, my Louie and Hi
Hi
You like Dickies?
Sure
I guess a lot of women do, huh?
I believe so
My woman says she loves to get Dickies
I see
She likes a lot of, yeah
And understands some gay guys like Dickies
Well, I really don't have to really thought about that
What's the biggest Dickies you've seen?
Well, sir, we go out to a 72 ways
Oh my God, do you like little Dickies too?
I think my girl basically likes big Dickies
Well, is there a point to this conversation, sir?
Yeah, just a dive, get to say Dickie a lot on the phone, yeah
Were you wanting to place an order, sir?
For what?
For clothing
I want to talk about Dickies
Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing
Dickie, Dickie, mm-hmm, yeah
Sir, if there's no other reason that you're calling this
I'm out of like Dickies, a lot of women like Dickies
Sir, I'm going to disconnect
No, when you're talking about Dickie, yeah
When I'm watching basketball on TV
One man is annoying me
Yelling words of nonsense to give me
And when someone goes baseline
He stops screaming things so naturally
Screeching like a badger to give me
To give me, to give me
To give me, yeah, to give me
He should shut his by-hole to give me
Jerk
And when he is talking
The glare from his head is blinding me
Where did this guy come from to give me?
Everything is awesome
And everyone's his VTP
When she keeps this drop shot to give me
Dickie, V, to give me
Dickie, V, yeah to give me
Giving me a hand to give me
Dickie, V, to give me
Dickie, V, yeah to give me
What a guy here is a new dance.
Some people call it a barn dance.
I call it a dirty square dance.
Up with the petticoat down with the pants.
In with the beggar everybody dance.
Girl's been rags on up against a wall.
Guys with a heart on promenade to hall.
Girls grab your partners firmly by the balls.
Drag them down to the length of the halls.
Make them holler, make them shout.
Put your pretty ass up against his now-kiss.
First lady goes, they can lead a pass.
Third lady's finger up the fourth guy's ass.
Figure her out, promenade the halls, now release the four guys balls.
Down with the petticoat up with the pants.
Dance in the gander to the dirty square dance.
Doze is no more racking.
I'm tired now.
I think I'm gonna go grab me some french fried bananas.
I'm tired.
Now, how the clikin' spent their first night in Chapacol.
I'll get it, honey.
I'll get it, don't worry, just grab it.
I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming.
How there?
Hello Mr. President, I'm Sarah Rubin.
Yes you are.
He has my family lives in the Victorian house across the street.
It's a very nice house and you have very nice legs.
Well, thank you sir, and welcome to our little town of Chapacol.
I hope your family will enjoy living here.
I think I will.
My daughter, a man then, I have been to this little welcome to the neighborhood.
It's her family recipe for pineapple upside down cake.
I like to take your pineapple, so anyway, upside down, sideways.
Buh, buh, buh, buh.
Thank you Mr. President.
My mom then.
Buh, buh, buh, buh.
No, it was just a lady from next door.
That's all.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
I said I'll get it, get it, shut up, what you boys?
Now they're a bunch of other fun, I can't believe it.
Well hello.
Hello Mr. Clinton, I'm Elaine Cripkins.
Just keep your voice down, are you the escort?
I know, Sarah.
I'm sorry, Ms. Cripkins, looking at you, you've got it.
Well I just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood.
Well the escort's not here yet, so if you want to jump on it, I'll be charlie.
No, Sarah.
All right, well I'll sleep later, I'll leave.
Whatever you're doing.
No, it's just another neighbor.
You're gonna make some food or what?
Sweet Jesus.
Hey, the Thorpelle's going crazy.
I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it.
Great Caesars Ghost.
Hi Billy, it's me Monica.
Good, got all money.
What do you think of my new bond?
What are you doing here?
What, what the hell's next door with my kitty Kring money?
Oh my god, we'll be seeing a lot of each other in the year 2000.
No!
Now Bill Clinton for P.U.
Good morning.
Allow me to introduce my new business venture.
Pardon, University!
Yeah!
I don't care what you've done.
Murder, embezzlement.
If you're a cop, the made a woman walk home naked.
If you've got the loot, I'll give the charges the boo!
Even though I'm no longer the president of the United States,
and I possess no real power, I have found a way to gerry-rig the system.
I stole the diamond from the sales jewelry store.
How much you got?
About a thousand bucks?
Pardon me!
Hey, I embezzled $600 million for my brokerage firm.
Jackpot, how much you got?
$10,000.
Pardon me!
I locked off my husband's willy.
No can do, Mama Sita.
Tragicobian Myers.
Pardon University is not affiliated with any institution of higher learning,
and they be illegal in most states.
If you've got the red, the charges are dead!
Yeah!
Pardon me!
Pardon me!
Big news, boys and girls, big news.
CBC confirms negotiations to a resume with Ramer Klan's agent.
How do you like that?
I feel better.
Well, they're only 25 grand apart.
You can come up with that, you and Carlos.
A coffin right up.
25 grand Canadian, it's only 15 grand a year US.
No problem, pocket change.
In fact, when that next bonus year comes through, when...
Like I said, no problem.
Maybe he'll be there October 10, whatever the holiday is.
He'll be October 12.
Ramer Klan Don Sherry.
No, that's our problem.
We got it saw.
We got it licked.
21 to 1 is 560 WDQM 476 votes.
And our gubernatorial election pulled Bill McBride 267,
Jeb Bush 125, Mohawar David 54, and I won vote 30.
George's having strictly additions to a thing in his house?
That's great.
A new bedroom and a doing a great job.
And if you're one of those people out there who loves your home but you need more room,
maybe you had like an unexpected baby like George did.
And you're pretty pissed off about it.
But anyway, do the smart thing call strictly additions.
If you're converting a carport or patty-win living space.
If you went into business for yourself and want to make a home orifice,
call the experts at strictly additions because they'll do a spectacular,
fantastic job for you.
Either you're one stop shop, more space for your place, place with an absolutely positively
worried for your approach to expanding your living space.
The no-show's you're used to by other contractors won't happen.
In complete work, no chance.
No one expected Bill.
No worries about the job not getting done right.
And they take care of every last detail.
They drop the Blueprints.
They get the building permits, handle all the inspections.
Strictly additions has got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction.
Just as P.E. Lanny, he'll tell you what they are.
First of all, they call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment.
At your home, where a project estimator will determine the exact scope of your addition.
Number two, schedule a bit of women in their convenience room.
Where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for your work.
Third, select your finishing touches, go to contract.
Fourth, review the design and architectural drawings.
And then fifth, sit back with a big smile on your lazy push and relax.
As your dream addition moves ahead, on schedule with unbeatable quality.
Check them out of the yellow pages.
They serve all the power in South Palm Beach County.
And they do a stupendous job for you.
Call strictly additions at 9.5.4.791.8100.
That's 9.5.4. Say it again.
9.5.4.791.8100.
They're licensed. They're insured professionals who care about doing a super job for you.
And they will.
9.5.4.791.8100.
Be sure to tell them that old Neil, P.D. Lanny and Jorge,
to call strictly additions.
My, my, and local.
This is 430560.
Way to A.M.
Oh!
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
marcao ja groes.
kilowatt-by-bout-a-d bit.
WQAM.
the evaluations in an es' priorities incidentally and constantly and fast-food.
Grant wus Amsterdam.
hitswmTV
March 17, 2017
My brains are gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on, but I can't figure out which spice girl I'm gonna fart on.
And Dr. Dre asked, yo, man, you passed kids.
Yeah, I'm not.
So what do I smell as?
Man, you low-play.
Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell like hot ripping gases,
and tootin was pretty swell.
I got pissed off when I took my jeans off, and bothered so hard,
and turned my underwear backwards like Chris Cros.
And every night I'm like, oh, dinner has been fun at my ass,
and a fat bitch who's ain't too fat.
I smell this honey, yo, don't you wait a minute,
oh girl, come, I don't give a fuck.
God said me to stink the world up.
Ni-i-i-i, my ain't is siblings.
Ni-i-i-i, my ain't is siblings.
Ni-i-i-i, my ain't is siblings.
Ni-i-i-i-i-i-i-i, my ain't is siblings.
My English teacher wanted me kicked out back in Julie Hart,
and then the problem was, something rolled up my ass and died.
I shot him in the face with my vapour,
The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper
Walked in the strip club my testers were filled up
Moons of bartenders took a dozen of tip club went over to a dancer had a fucking a guard
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father
99% of my life I was lied to I just found out my mom got more guests than I do
I told her I grow up to be a famous rapper
They got wrecked about strange noises made on the trampol
You know you was dirt when the women rushed to leave you'd rather hold it back
But you must even relieve this guy a white castle set up was pretty cool
But I had to go go drop the kids off and move
My ain't it's my ain't it's my
Ain't it's my ain't it's my
My religion better than your
religion my religion better than yours
My beliefs are what you're tired you will boy the length of fire my religion better than yours
My religion better than yours
My religion better than yours
My religion advocates ministry and racial hate my religion better than yours
My religion is better than yours
My religion is better than yours
What we like about investipon for boys and wear the dress my religion is better than yours
My religion is better than yours
My religion is better than yours
We have no respect for women driver cap to make a living my religion better than yours
My religion is better than yours
My religion is better than yours
You are a pro-spooky ghost we slaughter pigs and dogs and dogs
My religion is better than yours
My religion is better than yours
My religion is better than yours
We median is empty fridge
I will take the time of pay me now, pay me the religion's treasure, your rules.
Please.
My religion's better than your religion,
and my religion's better than yours.
We knock on doors to bother you,
like overbrushed as you are new,
my religion's better than your ways.
My religion's better than your religion,
my religion's better than your rules.
We wear ties and ride our bikes
and get to marry lots of wives.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than your religion,
my religion's better than yours.
We don't want to use our brains
where mind was living,
so parade,
my religion's better than yours.
All right.
1251 at 560.
You know something this said,
new to one hour Wednesday,
I'm staring at witty line.
I don't like it.
I love it.
I feel like Pablo Picasso here,
you know, I'm sitting here
on a long, chill, and surf.
I'm sitting here, like,
putting together a magical masterpiece
every Wednesday.
Like, anyway, if you fight yourself
looking at your head in the mirror
and you wonder,
speaking of masterpiece,
if you see just the opposite,
like, monk,
all of here is gone, it's vanished,
it probably went down the drain,
probably flew out the window,
it's probably on the sidewalk somewhere.
Now, the choice is yours,
you can have a Moussey looking week.
In fact, if you want to see
what a Moussey looking piece looks like,
go to wqam.com,
click on talk host,
and look at Mo.
And you'll notice all the gray on the sides,
and then that kind of like,
puse-looking animal that's in the middle there,
what kind of would you call that?
Rindle?
I think it's like,
brindle.
Oh, man.
Char trues means lose.
But if you want to be a winner,
if you want to get your hair back
and have it look great,
the natural hairline system
from my close-personal buddy,
Chuck Alphieri,
that's the only way to go.
That's why even a riches
slabs in a world
go to Charlie Alphieri,
because no amount of money
in the universe can get you
a better-looking piece
than the natural hairline system,
because it looks like
the hair is going out of your scalp,
instead of like a farm animal
crawled up on your head,
and died.
Pick up that phone and call
tool free 1-800-321-2413.
You've got nothing to lose
but the ball spot
because there's no obligation.
If you were it for 30 days,
I'm going to love the way it looks
and feels and smells.
If you don't get
at least a little head two-three times a day,
then return it for a full refund.
And when you mention the award,
you get a $200 discount as well.
And don't forget,
Charlie also services
and repairs all kinds of hair systems,
while you wait,
and for only $25 to $30.
So pick up that phone and get some hair back
to Smartway from Chuck Alphieri,
call 1-800-321-2413
or log onto their website
if you like it,
CharlesAlphieri.com.
My name is Mike,
and I'm called
This is 420-560.
You can wait.
Yeah, what happened there, George?
I know that the Lord
even loves Neorodris.
If your toothpaste
doesn't taste great,
your kids don't brush long enough,
which could lead to ugly
tartar buildup.
The solution,
regular checkups
and brushing with new crusts.
The tartar control tooth-based
laced with crack cocaine.
Hey, shine, almost gun in there!
Wush and dry brush,
Pushing!
Rust is not only clinically proven,
it's also highly addictive.
See your kids will brush and brush
and brush and brush.
And brush and brush and brush.
Come on, Billy, it's been 45 minutes!
Pushing!
Pushing, pushing, pushing, pushing!
If you're not careful,
you're gonna wear those teeth down
to little leaven.
Oh God, no!
Brush, son!
Almost not a crust!
Hook your kids on a healthy habit for life,
brushing with new crusts with crack cocaine.
Sure, I'm gonna be late for work now,
but it's good to see Billy brushing.
Get out, old man!
This is a car jacking!
Billy, what are you doing?
I did out!
Billy, where are you going?
Got another car to get for a crust!
New crust toothpaste,
laced with crack cocaine,
recommended by 9 out of 10 drug addicts.
Oh, right.
April 2018
Would they curse my name?
Yes.
If I parted in heaven,
would I stand the shame?
If I parted in heaven
With the Lord she smells
Send me straight to hell
Or can anybody smell
Up in heaven
Just guess I could say
Does it linger in heaven
Would you be ashamed
To pull my finger in heaven
I know these things
When the flat lady sings
Because I'll be the one who brings
Cheers to heaven
Because I know I'll be one who brings
Cheers to heaven
You know I'm not impressed easily but I'll tell you something I'm blown away
Look at the timing on this
I'm 560 W.A.M. Miami for La Riga
You know they say the body is 90% water
As for killing you QAM
