No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Come on, hey, there's some old guy feeling Tony's poor Psycho twin Menos real mate in alcoholic bunch of clothes on lighter Your laces are covered with urine
Oh my god, episode two Tony Smother has a tracheal of hair Wow, wow, wow, wow, oh she's dead
Tony's upset Why he tried to kill her?
Knocked out like that? Hey, what's up? Oh my god, I'm black and Jewish, Joker, Joker, plus something you dollar
And a triple
Holy Bo-Woney
The Blower King
Oh my god, it's jameless
Your boyfriend's a savage, it's actually Alice
Everyone say something nice about your bed mother
Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch
I loved her
Stop jealous, hi
All some trellis update in 60 seconds flight
All right
902 at 560 WQM happy Tuesday to you
I'll tell you one thing, boy, the Humper Milk Death thing yesterday and Moe milked it like
L.C. the Board and Cow this morning just squeezed it dry
Are we gonna do the same thing?
Yeah, this show?
Sure, why not?
Why not?
We're the poll experts on this show, we can do good pull
Make no mistake about that
And as TV guy thing, I was saying to Georgia Minute ago and Miguel
The same people who read the TV guide or the people who read Readers Digest
Same crowd, nobody reads TV guide
If you want the TV bookets in your newspaper every Sunday
Right, if you're not intelligent enough to buy a newspaper
Then you should be reading Readers Digest and TV Guide, they both suck
Or you have your online guide right there on your satellite dish or whatever it is
Right, your on your digital cable or whatever you got
I mean only like little old ladies who have like one of those little antennas on the TV
Those whatever they call those an aerial
Rabbidiers?
Rabbidiers, very good
Little old ladies with Rabbidiers who watch Oprah
And who are subscribed to TV Guide, they're the ones
Assholes, hate TV Guide
And I hate their list
Which will give us plenty opportunity, I think we're going to milk it not just for one day
We'll show those bikers a thing or two
We'll milk it for three days on this show for the rest of the week
Don't you think that's a great idea?
I love it
Because if you're going to take the ultimate pull and we've done this before
I'm not really sure when last time as we did the TV show thing
But we've done a minute of these on movies and actors and TV shows and etc
We even did the one on not porn stars, didn't we?
While I was gone apparently
I believe we did
I don't know, didn't we really do that?
Because I don't remember who that was
We don't want to be the one that hands down your pants on the railside, never less
And you know who really gets short-trip and it pisses me off is Bambi Woods
I keep mentioning that maybe nobody out there seen Debbie does Dallas
It's an old movie and she's probably 85 years old now like Amber Lynn
Joe Castell told me she left like a lot of toe jam behind after she was on their show
Amber Lynn she's got to be like 75 years old
But nevertheless Bambi Woods you saw Debbie does Dallas right?
I don't even know
It was 100 years ago
You don't even know those were in the days when porn movies like I keep screaming about
Actually had names and they were identifiable as opposed to like you know all the same
And in those days you actually went to a theater to see them
Oh god
And I only saw two pornos it was a double feature in the theater and that was one time
And the rest were just to incidental tapes that were you know just on somewhere
Friends house things I'll see you at the gated night. Oh, it's picking the movies and justice for all
Last night I mentioned that I cut the last hour of that last night and it goes to show you something
That
During the course of your lifetime. I guess it's all things in their particular time
They impress you in a certain way and some things you know last
They're lasting and they stand a true test of time other things and justice for all the one scene in the courtroom
They're while Puccino goes nuts
And he says my client is guilty and she goes straight to F and JL and it just goes
Apechement that that scenes worth a price of admission alone
But the rest of the movie is so damn depressing
Just enough to make you want to blow your brains out or somebody else's it's a pretty damn depressing movie
But the one scene is great and justice for all and he's great
Our poor yesterday. What do you dislike most about Neil's show?
1126 votes nothing. It's fine 277 nothing. I like it better than ever 241. That's pretty good total
Pretty impressive from this picky audience
Especially when you give them a whole bunch of
categories to bitch about no phone calls 205. They don't like that well
We took some phone calls for a yesterday and guess what they suck they bit the big one man. They sucked
Toe cheese
So I don't know maybe we'll take a couple today. I doubt it though
Because if we did that then you know who's gonna call the same the same losers who called them mo this morning
Oh, how about that the big valley? Yeah, we don't want to hear that again. Okay. We'll let you do it by facts
Because this is going to be very complicated and very scientific and a lot more accurate than the TV guide
And to show you how inaccurate TV guide is if you go to their to go to their website
Which if you want to get their list? I'll read their list in a minute
In case you missed mo and the Hank and everybody else who's a milk this thing
But if you go to their website you can find the list and also you can vote your own on there and believe you me
The list from the public is nothing like the list that their experts at TV guide came up with
Anyway, let's eat no phone calls 205 and our poll yesterday too much reading
I thought there'd be a lot more than that only 89 that's like eight less than 8% didn't you think there'd be more on that category?
No
Too many pre-story 79 don't like the tone of the show 75 that's where most of the bogus votes came in
Gold leafs go 71 by the way the front page of the newspapers this morning matt sundine may play tonight
Don't hold your breath, you know
For only three weeks since he broke the bone in his hand he can't hold his stick
Stick that is but I wouldn't but nevertheless
We're praying we got our fingers crossed and the town is on fire
Uh, not enough comedy bits 52 and too many comedy bits 36 that was yesterday's pool
So it seems like off a lot of happy people out there which is good
That's the way we like it and if not see uh, and of course some people would say wow
You know the people who didn't like the reading of the stories and didn't like this a lot of those people are gone
Well, guess what have a great life bye-bye
Like John McLaughlin would say bye-bye
Now speaking of an up polls about TV. There's a separate poll and this one
I'm not sure which one pisses me off the worst this just frost my fat ass
Ten years ago next week Johnny Carson gave up the chair on NBC's tonight show might quietly into retirement
But the man who made Carmack the magnificent art for and his razor sharp nightly model out part of the national landscape as far from
Forgotten according to a new gallop poll. This is George Gallop the Republican right-wing pollster
Who's a real asshole?
According to a new gallop poll Carson's ranked the best late night talk show host of all time
I have no problem with that even though he's not but I have no problem with the poll that's expected
But the poll has responded to pick from six hosts
Carson his successor Jay Leno with a stupid chin protege David Letterman
predecessor Steve Allen and Jack Parr and competitor Dick Cavitt
Boy Dick Cavitt's a piece of crap, you know I don't know him. He's a twerp quite
But Carson was picked by 39% of the poll takers well under the 20% of pick Letterman and the 16% of to his Leno
6% chose Steve Allen par and Cavitt barely ranked at all
I'm gonna tell you something a part of that has to do with age I guess but the old Jack Parr show now
Steve Allen was on before Jack Parr saw can et be
But Steve Allen gets it because of his Sunday night show
Which didn't make the top 50 in TV guide by the way what a joke what an infomnia
You assholes in TV guide you make me sick to my stomach you make me want to poop my guts out
Anyway par and Cavitt barely ranked at all Cavitt I can understand he should he was like a blip on a radar screen and
His history of TV. I mean he was on a lot
But he was always torpy and obnoxious and everybody hated him
But Jack Parr show was great
He had Alexander King and Dodie Goodman all these great characters used to be on the show all the time
Jack Parr was sensational
Gallup editor-in-chief Frank Newport was somewhat surprised by the results
We might expect younger Americans are more skewed toward appeal for Leno and Letterman
He said on CNN live today
You can see however
Carstner does better in the older group still has
26% of the 18 to 29 year olds who say his their favorite of all time many in that age group
Newport added were teenagers or younger when Carstner left the year in 1992
Now let's see he's been off the year for nine year ten years
Ten years
So if they're like 18 to 29 well, I guess because 18 it would have been eight years old when he went off the year
Not too interested in that kind of programming
No, and and not too many of them up at that time at night see what I'm saying yes
Right so lucky if they were if they like 20 they would have been 10 now 10 year olds weren't watching Johnny
Carstner ready surely tonight. No if they're like four uh, let's see 22 they'd have been 12
So this is bogus again see they're just saying it because uh he's a big name. He's famous. Everybody knows here is Johnny
They know that crap
But don't give me the song to dance about 26% of 18 to even 29 year olds. They were like 19. I can see that
When you start staying up like past 11 30 at night when you're like 15 16
Yeah 14. So this is crap. It's bull crap. It's bogus again
Meanwhile despite Jaleno's rating successes tonight hosties come under fire from TV critics for his lackluster interviews and
Rimshot monologue sound too much women too much of the rumor the Gallup Polis conducted May 6th the 9th
2002 in a sample size of a
2012
Jack Parnaucho and up really frost my ass in a business about 18 to 29 year old say Johnny Carson
They never saw Johnny Carson not only that but his demos were getting older and older if you recall kind of like my
Ineery exactly so you know those young people weren't watching Johnny they were watching letterman if anything
Yeah
Well, I'm just telling you got 26% of the 18 to 29 year olds to show you how bogus these polls are
People will talk about our poll and how people did it with our poll
It's that are and so on even though they're unscientific etc and all the other stuff
I still think you know they're just as valid as this other crap in other words. They don't mean the hill of beans, but it's your lot of fun
So TV guide decided and I guess they picked them out of a hat they must have just to piss everybody off
Just like people magazine does the thing with the 50 most beautiful people in the world
And you look at it either laugh or cry one of the other
I mean at least two thirds of those 50 people you wouldn't look at a second time if they like you know
Crawled under your front door naked you wouldn't even look at them a second time or first time
Till you kicked the ranch out
So it's the same kind of a thing. It's just a list of get everybody talking and maybe a few extra people to buy TV guy
Are we gonna buy TV guy this way? No, why do they have to do that? I got the list right here
And you can go to their website and get it all for free and then you can vote on there and by the way not
Well, let's see what worse it on their list
To show you how different their list is because they're letting the public vote online
You can go to tv guide.com slash 50th tv guide.com slash 50th
Number 43 on their list happens to be so far and they are public voting number one by a landslide with the public
How do you like that? Huh?
What I tell you about that Michael and
Oh
Thank you
But Anz is a win a hand down your pants. We'll get to that in a second
We can kill some good time with this the next three days. Thank you, Molly. Thank you Hank
Hey, what's wrong with that?
We're the for the poll people
We got the poll position
Speaking of the poll position join the overnight guys join mark tomorrow morning
Duncan donuts at 399 south state road seven just half mile south of Atlantic Boulevard stop by and try to win some of our usual crappy QA
Imprises that's with Joe and Mark at Duncan donuts in Pompo
No tomorrow morning so like on your way to work or on your way to the track to like a muck out the stalls
If you want a fantastic meal in a great atmosphere the Armadillo Cafe is just that place
They're an institution in sound float in fact every time you read about the top restaurants in sound float
We're talking about rated by people who know great food Armadillo Cafe is on the top of the list
And now Armadillo Cafe is in their great new location
3,400 south university drive just south of 595 and Davie in the a pizza lot plaza
Can I say that right where a city's buffet used to be?
Why not? I just said that the food at Armadillo Cafe is sensational
We're talking about a really gourmet stuff start out with an appetizer like the tequila grilled shrimp with corn or cakes
Or the tempura island princess conque
Then order one of their terrific spinach salads with glazed pecans or the pistachio crested mozzarella salad with lemon basil dressing
The entrees are prepared with the best and the freshest ingredients
Rather pan-seared yellowtail snapper with roasted peppers or the sea bass with sweet corn and veal glaze
Choose from dozens of other mouthwater round trays on a big menu and for dessert sample the Armadillo creme brulee
Have you ever had that? No
Oh my god that is so good it would just make you pee in your pants or warm chocolate fritters covered in hot fudge
Oh god call Armadillo Cafe for reservations call 954-423-9954
That's 954-423-9954
Order one of the best restaurants in Broward for the past 14 years in a row
Armadillo Cafe at Smoke Free and There's plenty of free parking as well as complimentary valet parking
Check them out on the web too at ArmadilloCafé.com
I'll be sure and tell them that old Neil sent you in they'll take great Caribbean you'll eat in style
It's a sensational restaurant one of the best anywhere in your neck of the woods if the Armadillo Cafe
7.com now
No portion of this program may be produced without the express written permission at WQAM
Beats the broadcast group incorporated
Hello
How do you like that? I go rushing out there myself phone rings in the other room I go rushing out there and it's some bitch with a wrong number
I thought we were to have one more spot to go but it was more exciting this way you know okay
How long we were dead air like about the five second two seconds. Oh damn it five would have been more exciting
Well sorry about that but the cell phone was ringing I figured it had to be something really important
It was some bitch with a wrong guy damn number hi Brian is a tootsie there some crap like that
Damn freaking bitch. What kind of crap is it anyway?
Yeah, I know
Well anyway, that gives us more time okay for us
The 50 greatest shows of all time which were milking on QA because let's face it on the sports shows
Is there any sports going on that anybody cares about except hockey of course the Stanley Cup playoffs
The big Leafs Ottawa game here at the air candidate center tonight Canadians fold them up like an accordion they're done
Colorado and the San Jose they're all tied up
But nevertheless
On look at that
Ah just missed the talent of the Stanley Cup playoff you hear that you've even heard it nice that note
So anyway, we're gonna do our own pool here today. So Eric just relax. Okay. Have a big fat Stogie enjoy a couple of umlets
Whatever the hell you're doing I hear that the beast the rumor is the beast has lost a lot of weight
That's the rumor. How's he doing it
Magic oh man that moe he really is something you know he is a real clown
Roman Catholics in Aurelia in Nova Scotia's matter fact right up here as well way to the east they're speaking highly of a
Retired priest who's being investigated by Nova Scotia police following allegations of sexual abuse. Oh my god
He's a wonderful man and has done off a lot of good in our parish Mark Roland a member of the local guardian angels
Paris said a father humect Donald
He was exceptionally good at handling funeral masses the sick and the elderly in the parishion will be sorely missed
While officially retired McDonald carried out some duties at the guardian angels parish
The priest has been relieved of those duties will not be living at the rectum rewile as under investigation
Prishners were told yesterday
It's our understanding that father McDonald has denied the allegations
Prishners asked to keep him in their prayers at all times had parish priest father Edwin Galea
McDonald's 79s been investigated by Capertown police after it came Breton. Did I say Breton?
Yes, Capertown police after British Columbia made a committed suicide left an old legend that a priest sexually abused him about 30 years ago
David Martin 39 was an altar boy in the 70s at a church in New Waterford, Nova Scotia where McDonald was a priest
Capertown police say they've received four more written complaints from citizens a ledging sexual attacks by a priest while
There were children in or near New Waterford in other words this old coot this old child must in piece of third
I just mentioned that you know
We got to interspers some of this good news in between all the other good stuff in between this pond resting with the TV shows
But you look at the list which I'll read their list
And then we'll I think what we're going to do is divide it into three days
Take 17 because you can't divide 50 by three even but 17 is pretty close
We'll take like for the top 17 and put those on our list
Okay, and then we'll take like a bunch of others from the audience then and tomorrow will take like the top
Whatever 17 survivors from that and then we'll put you see what I'm saying. Okay. Okay, and then we'll combine like the runoff on the Thursday
So here's the list from a TV guy give fast-neared seat belt if you haven't heard it the 50 greatest shows of all time based on what based on their
Historia based on them picking them out of a hat picking them out of their
ass
Signed film I mean see you see that right off the bat and to me. I just think
Why you know why
That's like saying the rascal house is the best restaurant in South Florida the same thing
Signed filled
I love loosely number two honey moaners number three all of them family four
So pranos five
60 minutes number six that's late show with David Letterman number seven, which is just a slap in the face to me
The Simpsons number eight the Andy Griffiths show is number nine
Good old Andy Griffith number nine. Oh my god. Hi like I told you before the show Matt Locke would have been an improvement over the Andy Griffiths
Is that make you want a gang or what
Oh
Seriously, it's just uh, it's in ain on the face of it. Where the hell did they come up with this crap? What are that criteria?
Oh
Oh my god
Hoki and a pokey and uh
Send him to pohoki
That's the ninth best show if that was if sign fell was the best show and and the Andy Griffith was the ninth best show in the history of television
I'd put a god damn boulder not just a rock. I'd put a boulder through my screen right now
That's how that frost my fat ass. I'm granted you can argue about this all day
Which is what makes it a little bit of fun, but Andy Griffiths show is number nine
Saturday night live 10 the Miri Taylor Moore show 11 because everybody feels sorry for Mary. She's had a rough life
Tonight show starring Johnny Carson number 12 the Dick van Dyke show number 13
Hill Street blues then the Ed Sullivan show is 15 Carol Bernetto the today show is 17
I can do a whole hour screaming about today's show how how can you put that on there
because the day show is like Matt Lauer and Katie Kirk about his boring as vanilla pudding and of course the day show in the beginning was
Also boring as vanilla pudding with
Dave Giroway and Frank Blair and Jack LaSchooley and the little chimpanzee and it's gone through a hundred thousand different incarnations over the years including
Joe Dajola and a whole bunch of illiterate people
So how can the day show be the 17th best show in history of television? I mean what show are we even talking about right?
Right
Exactly
Cheers number 18 that'll make little Tommy happy
30 something 19 same elsewhere friends. You are nightline 23rd. Oh
Jesus god talk about a bunch of pseudo intellectuals who must have put this crap together
Law and order 24th mashed 25 the twilight zone 26, which is where the survey belongs
Sesame Sesame Street is number 27
Come on now
If you're gonna put a kid show it let me just right off the bed
I was gonna save this if you're gonna put a kid show on list which this doesn't even make the list
And you're gonna make 20 Sesame Street number 27 how about
Thank you
Well, howdy mr. Doody and boys and girls at home and kids in a gallery. Let's go
I tell you one thing mr. Blusters rolling his grave too and also princess winder fall summer spring and clear a bell
Pistop I mean you you're putting Sesame Street on a problem with howdy duty
Well, I never saw howdy duty
So what the hell do you know then I saw everyone's in the street? It's not in the same league with howdy duty
It's the one. Doody was like
Bigger than god. It's the life itself. It has the muffler. Oh folk
Now now you don't understand. This is the 50 greatest shows of all time you punk you putts by the way
It's in English Kipasa, USA is not on here, but get my vote though
Anyways, Cosby shows 28th on a hue 29 your show shows that was since easer 30 the defenders 31 American American
The defenders 31 what the hell's the defenders? It's nothing. It was boring
What is it the defenders? You know
Emma Peele and the guy with a derby with the bowler and the umbrella
Ah
I'm getting aheadic
American family 32 and nobody has any idea what that show is
Anybody there know what it is? Nope
We don't we haven't even got an idea what American family is or was you'd have to look at a tv book that's sitting around there
Because I don't have one here. I got my movies and my music stuff. I didn't get no tv book
Playhouse 90 is 33rd phraser 34 rosanne
35 the fugitive 36 the ex files 37
Now here's one it just it just infuriates me it just makes me want to scream the Larry Sanders show
With the obnoxious disgusting Gary shandling a walking tribute to anti-semitism
I guess they like people like that. I'm surprised that Annie's not on here
It wasn't love they love Jerry Seinfeld and they love Larry Sander show Larry Sanders Sanders. Whatever the hell is name wasn't a very shandling for a while there
Larry Sanders show is he's the anti-Christ
The rockford files 39 gunsmoke 40 buffy and avapar slayer 41 which by the way is number two in the public list behind
Vananza they say it's number 41
Rowan and martin's laughing 42 which it had been much higher
But anza 43 which like I said is number one with the public so far in their survey
Bob new heart show just oh I mean Bob new heart is like
The George McGovernor comedy
That's good. 24th
Twin peaks 45 start correct the next generation 46 rockiness friends which I guess that was the name of the show
We thought it was Rocky and Bullwinkle
apparently
47 taxi 48 the Oprah Winfrey show they like fat disgusting broads like I said
That's 49th and be which was 50 now
I've got my own list of shows that they don't have on her and then you can fax this your list. It's okay
But that's the 50 picked by TV guy picked by the experts the perverts of TV guy is the 50 best TV shows of all time
Anybody buy in it? No
They make me sick at TV guy. Thank God. I know by their crappy magazine
927 and 560 wqm here something else. I don't buy but you show that champion light
I don't buy it because I get it for free damn it you bastion you cheap uh yeah, that's right
And the kid they keep shipping it up here and I keep sucking it down
I got some right over here right behind me some afrood punches matter fact if you're a little fruity
It's for you six delicious champion light flavors and as we've been telling you for a long time
This is the good stuff man. This is the sports drink you want to go start guzzling down because
Unlike gatorade and the other sports drinks that are loaded with sugar and calories and carbohydrates
Which you're trying to get rid of?
Champion light doesn't have any of that stuff in there. No calories no carbs no crap no caffeine
Just great good taste and all the electrolytes you could possibly need to
So get yourself the real sports drink that's catching on like wildfire now available in six delicious flavors with new and improved taste
By the way, it comes in grape and fruit punch lemon lime orange and of course the two new flavors black raspberry or blue raspberry
Whatever you like call it and lemonade as well
And don't forget you can sample the champion light flavors this Saturday for free free
That's the operative word joined off in quarterback j feetler who's all over the place at the new Walmart superstar
38-1 turtle creek driving cross springs 10-30 little two this coming Saturday
Or if you want to find a story actually can buy it with like real cash just look up their website at champion light.com. That's champion
And Rocky tonight from course field in Colorado
Cup of starts at 8 30 on sports radio 5 16. Q a.m.
The O Rogers car
Saturday night on CBS eat it is back from the dead. It's the 20th anniversary of all in the family
All rookie dead if we need John Jell-O-We
Daddy
Now what happened to my little girl? Look at this. Why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh?
Maybe have a salad once in a while
Don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal again with the charity spiel
Well, it's true. So why don't you send them the bones from the turkey your head for breakfast?
Yeah
Was pushing on days
Oh
The last episode was all a band dream same show bad to me
Well, when we should back there be it was to die off you can mean at a beer
That's one of your fans are you all on the family Saturday night on CBS brought to you by ibs home car
Where you can learn auto mechanics get repair
Yeah, how that could not be in the top five beats a hot of me. What was it?
Or wasn't the top five was number four like I said how that could not be number one
Just uh astonishes me. Do you have any doubt?
No better than this uh sign felled and I love Lucy certainly
In the honeymooners and the honeymooners right with all of the ones that beat in this survey
Well, let me take a look right now on the appol by the public
I'm not talking about ours because we haven't done it yet. Okay, just relax the one that they're doing a tv guy where the public can vote
But answers number one with 23% of the votes. They got about 60,000 votes
Buffie the vampire slayers got 17% in a very strong second place how do you like that? Which means a lot of punks are getting on their own voting indeed
Huh? Yes punks
Are you making guttable sounds again? No, what can you not hear me?
You went like that
No, the ex files 9% well, that's what it came across up here you went like that. That's what I heard
I think your mind switches screwed up again right
ex files is third with 9% and then we got a tie for fourth sign felled and Simpson's each have 7%
Friends has got 4% as does mash and I love loosely did friends make the top 50? Oh
Oh, yeah 21st
I'll start correct the next generation's got 3% the Andy Griffith shows got 2% that was their number nine show
Also 2% for cheers the Cosby show all all of the families only got 2% absolutely correct. Oh my god
That is enough to make me want to just give this up
er 2% 60 minutes 1% law in order 1% David Letterman 1% soprano is only 1%
Uh
Johnny Carson all of these had 1% Johnny Carson sat in that live a twin geeks Carol Burnett show the honeymooners
Mary Tyler Moore had 1% also with 1% Dick Van Dyke twilight zone and with the less than 1%
Ed Sullivan Sesame Street Frazier Hill Street blues bewitched your show of shows
Rose Ann St. elsewhere taxi in a rockford files
And Gunsmoke and the Bob Newhart show and Rowan and Martin's laughing and the Oprah Winfrey show in the fugitive and the
30 something and Larry us Larry Sanders show had 0% less than 1%
Today show also less than 1% nightline less than 1% and American family nobody knows what that live is
Is anybody told you what that is yet? No, I forgot to go get the book because I was pissing
Oh, I'll go get a lot of a lot of P and then crap and going on with this air every morning early in the morning and all through the show P and then crap and crap and crap and crap and then to be in
Yeah
Let's see here's a fact it says defenders was about lawyers with eG Marshall and Robert Reed who'll pour Robert Reed
He's still dead and guess what so is eG Marshall so I don't remember that show
Yeah, I was I'm a spoke. I was thinking of the Avengers
With Emma P. Oh, yeah, well that yeah, I'm a vendor's defenders. Whatever that was okay crap
Yeah, how come neither LA law nor Mott's Landie made the list when especially then we talk about this just the other day
That not sliding was the longest running a nighttime soap in history of TV
What you said?
No, that's not what I said. That's a fact
That's a freaking fact, mister. You better check your facts. You better know you're long run nighttime soaps mister because you sure don't
How's the bridge center doing? He's still dead. I think we better take calls on this today because faxes is gonna be too long and ponderous, you know
You don't have to screen him don't get all panic you don't get grouchy Miguel as soon as I mention anything about calls
He gets very upset
Start throwing the darts at the Castro dartboard by the way, how about Jimmy and the fiddle huh up in the tree K.I.S.S
I and G they're doing man. I got some stuff on that which we might get to or not as the case may be
Might have to take calls on this for our list so we can compile this the right way
But see the what they're doing is they're only letting people vote
Now's the fugitive on here. They're only letting people vote on the same 50 on the TV
Guidelist and the result as you can hear is just dramatically different
I mean if we only restricted to those 50 look at all my list that I've already got here for example
Steve Allen show on Sunday night. I mean gotta be in the top 10
Maybe the funny funny show in a history and television dragnet
You doubt that no I don't I found an American family by the way is that what it was called an American family
American family a PBS show from January 73 through March 73
Constable documentary series chronicling the lives of members of the loud family of Santa Barbara, California
And on and on never heard of it me. Oh, I was on PBS. There you go
Well, that's a kind of crap that they would put on her. It's a sued thing just like putting nightline on here
Nobody watches nightline
Christ they're desperate to get that the geek with a bad wig off the air. They're dying to get couple off the air
They just couldn't get letterman. They got nothing else to put on nobody watches nightline
They say they watch nightline
Anyway dragnet studio. See if you're gonna put playhouse 90 which I agree belongs on there
Although it's way before your time. There were other great shows like that studio one
omnibus with the Aleister cook
great shows
Uh, and how about they left off Perry Mason Hawaii 50 how do you do do do like I said moments ago and and they left off mission freaking impossible
Is there any doubt in your mind that that belongs on there? No
Okay, well, we got one call on here. I guess they don't believe I'm taking calls. Hello
Are you taking calls today? I might
Did you hear about the another pedophile priest at St. Helens in Lauderdale?
No, but the see there you go see what I'm talking about
I'm doing a thing here. We're compiling a list
I have now one call on this on the on the board
And this guy wants to tell me about pedophile priest in Lauderdale lakes
And the first facts that you sent me is a long long thing about this uh, I got it right here
Two ex-alter boys sued their former priest in the Archdiocese of Miami on Monday accusing the Reverend John Luka a
Report remember Luka my name is Luca. I'll worry about Luca
The Reverend John Luka repeatedly sexually abusing them in the late 1970s while they attended St. Helens Catholic school in Lauderdale lakes
Steven Calvert and Scott Melonson both 37 file suit and date circuit court against their former priest and the Archdiocese
Which owns and operates the school ledging a soft battery and flexive emotional distress and other harm
The suit accuses Luka of ingratiating himself with the boys families and then molesting them starting in 1976
As it is for Lauderdale home and then during overnight religious retreats in a summertime cross country trip in
1978 and this goes on for pages and pages and pages and pages
I mean if you want to hear about travel listing priest all day we can do that, but I don't think so
No, not all day. I don't have prefer not to do that
I mean, I've got 7,000 more stories. I've got the story about court orders our styroces to turn over father
Shanley's medical records which will get to but you know enough is enough already it becomes like a magnificent obsession
It becomes a ridiculous and guess what George people in opposition especially you
Let's see it says here's one it says I guess I was a cultist because these were probably cult series northern exposure
It was on there you read it through the one on the 50 best yeah, I thought it was on it. That's why I was just positive. Definitely a suit cult thing
Northern exposure. I don't see it on the second part could have possibly been in the if uh, I don't think so
I don't see no northern freaking exposure and the first list that you read it was on there. No wait
No, it wasn't
This is gonna be sensational boys and girls this man is losing it
So you had me talked into it when I'm looking and I'm looking and I'm looking no it was a freaking northern exposure
You read even though southern exposure on here. It was definitely a niche thing
Yeah, niche. I got your niche
He also says the hitch hiker he said the hitcher which is a movie would see Thomas Allen rucker Howard
But he means the hitchhiker the hitchhiker which was a cable series and what about Colombo?
I'm putting Colombo on there. What's wrong with that?
Don't you agree? He was something he was a character. No, I um
And so somebody says soap and I think that'll get some votes to I'm right. I'm working at down
Good one. Thank you very much sir two out of three eight bad
What about northern exposure 20 till 10 at 560 Wtqa m
Calling on dry concept to do a miracle on your floor
That's right. They'll do it for its brain time again
Which means one thing it's time to eliminate your carpets of those dirt and germs and dust and the all kinds of horrible things
That could deepen their the causalities to flare up
It's time to call the best in the business my good friends at dry concepts their technicians are school and certified by the institute of inspection cleaning and restoration
In other words to make a long story short they know their crap. They do a spectacular job
And they always give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the work and by the time they could
Done your carpets look and smell and feel just like brand new like you just had them laid on your floor
Which is why I've been using them in my house for over 20 years. You should be doing it too
Don't get fooled by those 599 specials leave your carpet soak for two days
And they went up soaking you with a big bill at the end of the job like I said a written guaranteed price before they start working with dry concepts
And a superior unbelievable job each and every time it can depend on it
So treat yourself and your carpets to a spring cleaning right now today and Broward call 954
370 7778
954
370 7778 in date or Palm Beach column tool for a 1 800 248 5071
1 800 248 5071 clean today and retain tonight
From Mark Lake's studio the bridge is underway
7 on sports radio 5 68
You are here oh my god your breasts are beautiful
She can't act she can't sing what's it feel to do
My sexy older sister she can barely tie her shoe
Then you have no cold her off he said she was the best
She thought he meant her singing but he really met her chest
So if you are looking through a
Playboy magazine you'll see my older sister on the pages in between
Just been told I'm million copies have been so my sister is a cell phone
That's all yeah, it's a cell phone
I've just been told my sister is a cell phone
She's a woman the toy is a cell phone
No
It's okay. I understand it pays a lot to show you care
Daddy says you've lost your mind and I think bubbles just won't blind your name Tito Janet too
They all think you've ruined us, but I don't care what they all think the toy you just moaned us
Your body looks just like my own, but I would need some silicone. Oh no, I can't deny it. Oh, yeah
I think I'm gonna try
And don't you make a moan? I'm gonna be a cell phone
Yeah, I'm gonna be a cell phone
Just like the doodah I want to be a cell phone
He wants to be a cell phone
Yeah
Hello Dr. Gold
Yeah, he's feeling a change 946 at 560 W.D.Q. I'm here. So list. It's his married with children the Brady bunch mr
Radon the monsters all of it says the monsters the monsters
Any of those any of those for you think
For the best
I don't think we're doing the worst or yeah for the best for the top 50 other time
But I don't think they have a chance he'd anyone a married with children. I would say absolutely not
Brady bunch yeah
No
Mr. Red now there's something we can sink our teeth into hello. Don't don't sell him short mr. Red
Hello, I'm mr. Rea. Brackham
Oh
Oh, I want to say Alan Alda but of course he was in mesh. What was that silly guys name it was in mr. Red Wilbur?
No, no, I'm not talking about the show
I don't know the actor. Oh come on. Let's get with it here. Let's get something before god damn cheers
So also on my list let's see mission impossible Milton Burrell
Making you way in the world to get out of here with that crap Milton Burla chair hurt
Howie was as whining about this morning. You're right. You're right mo Milton Burrell could absolutely
Should be in the top 10 he was like the pioneer. He was like, uh, you know
I'm always the name of that show. I was called the Texaco
Something
But people would know by the Milton Burrell show. That's what we're putting on there and how about Alfred Hitchcock
How about him?
Alfred Hitchcock presents you don't think that was one of the top of the show. I love your television sure
Oh my god Alfred Hitchcock presents and I dream a genie
I liked it sacrilegious not to have that on there and leave it to beaver
I
Mean it was no today show, but it sure was more entertaining to a lot of us. I'll tell you that
WQ way him hello
Hello, yes sir a Monday night football with hard to sell yeah, okay
Mm-hmm
WQ I am
Okay, do you know who that was that was one of the oldest chronics in the history of our market sir. I'm serious
And congratulations on the lease. I got a couple of shows
Yes, sir
Okay
The freeing food is
Yeah
You know
Mutual
Oh, yeah, no was that even the show that was called while while kingdom while kingdom with the with Tony Perkins or some for what was I learned
Perkin Marlon Perkins. Yeah, I like that show and I mean not that these are my favorites, you know
But I think that they're pretty good shows this time when I and Tarzan
Tarzan how about k-pasa USA come on k-pasa USA. I know you liked it. No, I like my advice though
Okay, see you
Well, what a bad list he had huh ain't nobody's perfect
Tarzan let's hear it was that a series oh
Well, yes, it was a series. Oh that he liked Tarzan better than my good close personal friend what's his name there Rocky H.
Eurea because he was a little more macho than Rocky I guess
All a rocky said steven borrass said that he never had a homosexual experience. He told us that right on the show
Let's drop a few names here, okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and for Ryzen Wireless Line by the way Eric if you try to figure this all out forget about it
You won't be able to do it
You got no chance because we're compiling okay. We're compiling later on we'll get around to it
I'm gonna get the father-fax it
You're gonna fax what the list I'll write it down nice and neat and fax it to it
Well, see what we're gonna do is we're gonna take the top 17
From the TV guide 50 is a week as they are some of them will take those and then we'll put in a whole bunch of hours
And then we'll take the survivors from that and then we'll you know what I'm saying. I know what you're saying. I'm just gonna take the next by the way
Number 12 is tonight show starring Johnny Carson
Which even a punk like you I think would be able to remember that I remember Johnny
Here's Johnny even as a 10-year-old kids were stayed up late at night to watch Johnny not
Oh
See I hate to break the news to you but the jack par show was a hundred times better than Johnny Carson ever would dream of being but you know
That's just one man's opinion happens to be true. Let's uh yeah
A 50 million times more entertaining, but that's just the way it goes boys and girls goes to show a state of mind counts for a lot
State of mind like the forge for example WQA. I'm hello
Hello. Yes, sir
Yeah, how you doing Neil? I'm doing great
Uh, just a question about the show last night
Unfortunately, I didn't get to watch it and I really wanted to but I forgot it was on which what network was it on?
You mean the show about this?
Yeah, the show about the shows I didn't even know there was a show about it. I didn't see it
You didn't get to see it last night either
No, and they had no idea he's gonna be on
Come on what
Wasn't your favorite show that Jefferson you I know you love that show oh the Jefferson's excellent excellent excellent
Excellent that is the best show
Well certainly in the top five of you're in damn T of that
Okay, well at least you agree with that and I can even give you one of the best lines and
Well, there was no it was no bill Cosby show thank god. Oh god
That's what it bill Cosby that's nothing fat Albert was better with bill Cosby right
You're right the great line. There was a great line in the Jefferson's once where George was trying to explain to somebody how to
How to you know go back and forth with comments and he said to Florence. He said you're cooking tastes like dog food and Florence said
That's because I'm cooking for it. So wow wow
Excellent choice sir god bless you. That bless America
up in the sky
Don't find him to catch
I've eaten Durham Port on from
Somebody put the whole hideout to ride in
I just forget I've had him
Now we are in the big leagues
I cannot turn his back
As long as we live
He's doing me great
And he's great
Nothing wrong with that
Forever moving on
Oh, no
Oh
To this time
To a dearer
Of heartthrob
In the sky
Go home and on
Oh, yeah
To this time
We finally got a beat of the fire
Okay
Oh, excellent choice how could we forget that?
I mean there's only eight million shows here
But how could we forget that one?
I feel bad
I'm glad he called in
See it's worth taking the calls
That guy wasn't going to fax that in
This is one of those days
When we need to be taking calls
And it's not a pass if I at least for the time being
Those uh, mouth contents who voted on our report yesterday
Waiter, let's see how many we got?
18.6% no phone calls
What we got phone calls today
Including that first one
See and that's what bothers me because it shows you off
You know, I set the stage for what we're going to do
And the first call round of the box
And he has no way of knowing you just faxed me that story about the priest
Right?
There's no way of knowing that
But nevertheless, uh, what is that?
You know, what kind of response is that to what I'm talking about?
You see what I'm saying?
I see what you're saying
Good
WQAM
Hello
Yes, sir
Neil?
Yes
The name of the Milton Berlschull, I think, was the Texaco Star Theater
That's correct
I think the guy that played Mr. Ed was Alan Hale Jr
Was that his name?
No
Alan Young
Alan Young?
Right
Let me say it again
Alan Hale Jr. was the skipper on Gilligan's Island
There you go
It's not even 10 o'clock and you're learning already on a very educational show
Thank you very much sir and have a great life
Alan Young is right
See, and I saw Alan Alder so I was half right, right?
And he looked a little like Alan Alder, kind of torpy, kind of annoying
Masha was number 25
That did please me that it wasn't higher than that
I thought it would be in like in the top five
And you'll notice now, how did it come?
Let me just take a quick look with the public
Because I don't remember here
Let's see, Masha
It wasn't doing that great with the public
But again, keep in mind it looks to me like, uh, on his website
Uh, although Bonanza
See Bonanza and Buffy and Buffy the Vampire Slayer
To me that's not like, uh, there's no connection there
So it's either a bunch of old parts and a bunch of punks
I think that's what it is both
All the old parts loaded for the amount of punks
Although guess what?
Punk's don't read TV Guide
No
So there was, there was a show on last night about this
Did you know that?
No, there was no show
That's what he thinks you're talking about
The caller thought you got this from some TV show
Now
Even though you said it's from a, it's from a pool
So in TV Guide
In the, see well he don't read TV Guide
He's got good taste, he likes the Jefferson's
And he doesn't like TV Guide
Nice go ahead and share all the way around
957 at 560 WQM
The beast is losing weight almost 30 pounds already
How?
And we know where he's lost it too
Some shows they can't figure out how he losing all that weight
But anyway, it's from a balance for life
That's right, get yourself in a bathing suit shape for the summertime
You can do it in time for summer
I'll depending on how much weight you have to lose
With the weight loss eat healthy gourmet
You're mealed with a service from balance for life
If you're too busy eat to write foods
If you're sick and tired of walking in the supermarket
And you have no idea what to buy that's not going to keep you fat
Here's the answer for you a balance for life
Because they take all the questions out of it
They bring you a little black sack
By 6 in the morning every day
They bring it right to your door to your home to your work
Wherever you're going to be at 6am
And they deliver to you three
Hormonelli Balance Gourmet Meals
Two delicious snacks and even a 60 Nouns bottled water
And all this is based on the zone diet by Dr. Berry's series
Which is very complicated like a kept onion it is
But they take the complication out
Because they do all the work in the favorian for you
The food is delicious and the weight just melts off your body
And there's plenty to keep you satisfied all day long
And your little black sack
They even let you choose between two alternatives for each meal each day that you're on a program
Everybody that I know who's tried balance for life
Has lost weight and they're happy campers
So why not you do two?
Get in shape for summer starting right now
Lose the weight the easy way the pounds melt right off
Called Balance for Life
954-568-3229
That's 954-568-3229
Or check out their website at www.balanceforlife.com
And pretty soon I guarantee you look even
3, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, thank you
Send me a Roger Show on 516-17QA-M
Miami for Lurehale
I like it. I like it
There's a brand new network that's unlike the victory
Because it's nothing but homosexuality
Oh right
It will embrace once your favorite show
When you ain't seen nothing yet because this channel will really blow
Here comes Gain TV
Pulling in handsome guys just told all they pray
Push with your tools and buys here comes Gain TV
Better watch how they be seen
You'll see more horses than most firefighters do
You'll see more fairbugs than none in what he'd be blue
If you're not home of public is your chance
To see a 30-minute show in old bodies where in ten
Welcome
Here comes Gain TV
Pulling in handsome guys just told all they pray
Pulling push with your tools and buys here comes Gain TV
Better watch how they be seen
10-02-560-WQM Happy Tuesday to you
I'm not going to say anything more about Jimmy Carter than just read this short editorial from the New York Post today which I think says everything needs to be said
About Sad World Jimmy Carter suck up to the bearded one
It says poor Jimmy Carter forever trucking to four
Entirements like Serbia's Milosevic, North Korea's Kim and now Cuba's Castro
Is he hungry for Nobel Prize, St. Hood, where it's just attention he needs decades after his buffoonish presidency
Now it's true that without the backing of the Soviet Union,
Castroism is no longer the malignant threat it once was, either Latin Americans stability or the security of the U.S.
And there may indeed be good reasons to reconsider America's embargo, however, it must not be forgotten that Castro's Cuba is still one of the planet's few remaining Stalinist regimes
It's still a totalitarian island jail where dissidents are imprisoned tortured and murdered, a place from which thousands of ordinary people risk their lives trying to escape
That's why any change in America's relationship with Cuba cannot be unilateral, the old dictator must make some serious concessions before the U.S. even thinks of softening its territory
It is not all apparent that Carter understands this, on the contrary so far he seems all too happy to allow himself to be used by Castro in his PR efforts to make Cuba look like a nice normal society unjustly bullied by the U.S.
Unless the former president can overcome his has been susceptibility to flattery and work up the courage to challenge Castro on behalf of the Cuban people, then this trip will only be encouraging the bearded old brute to the continuing despair of the political prisoners who rot in his dungeons
But Carter will keep his peace like the sad old man he has become.
Oh great editor of the New York Post today.
Very good. Yeah, excellent.
Do I know how to pick him or what, huh?
Indeed.
Too much reading, Neil. Too much reading.
Okay, get smart. No.
Although I don't know, top 50. I mean, I'm not saying I liked it because I didn't, but you know, that might belong...
And you know what else might belong on here, but you're going to laugh at me when I say this.
Okay. But it would be the first time. I'm ready.
Well, look, if if if Bonanza, well, it's only number 43 on their list, but if Bonanza's leading the way in the public's voting so far on the TV guy thing.
Yes.
Then how about the Walten's?
Why would I laugh? That was ever it was huge. It was incredibly popular.
It was a big show with the and of course there was John Boy with a big set.
In fact, he was way ahead of Enrique with a big thing on his voice.
Not a tool.
Right. The Walten's I'm putting that on there, man, because it was a very, very big show.
And it was the same genre as Bonanza with all the respect, a little Joe and Lauren Green and his dog food, you know.
And Pernille Roberts.
And Pernille Roberts, Rest in Peace, but they're all dead.
Dan Blocker's dead. They're all dead.
It just don't I mean it just hit me right there.
Lauren Green, Pernille Roberts, Michael Landon and Dan Blocker.
They're all DED.
Maybe that's why that shows number one.
Maybe it's like a, you know, sympathy vote.
Huh? Well, let's see.
Be watch this already on earth.
Number 50 on the TV Godless.
Yeah, Dream of Genie. We got that. How do you do the show?
And Mr. Red, are they serious about Mr. Red? Come on.
How about soap? We just said that big Arnie chronic faxer.
It says the show is way ahead of its time.
Cutting edge humor about anything and everything.
It's all right. We got it. Thanks Arnie.
Do some work.
So the Walton's you agree with me on this could be a first folks.
George's you agree with me on something.
I read things first. First the great editor off of New York Post today about the
silly old man Jimmy Carter. And secondly about the Walton's.
It had some a quaint appeal sort of a little house on the prairie kind of appeal to it.
The Walton. Oh, he said little house on the prairie.
Michael Landon. It's not on here. Why not?
No, that's another one. It was huge. I'm just telling you it's not on here.
So I'm writing it down little house on the freaking prairie.
Okay. I almost said it. Little house on the freaking prairie.
And look, we're going to put these on here. How about Apple's way?
What I sure liked Apple's way. I'll take it out.
How's Vince mad patent doing? Oh, man.
He's still batting in balls around. He was a tennis player, you know.
Vince Van Patten. And speaking of shows like that.
How about eight isn't enough? Eight inches isn't enough with Vince Van Patten.
What was his name? Dick Van Patten.
I really hate that show. No, that's right. Vince Van Patten wasn't.
I sure was Willie Eames was on that show. Right.
Or was he on family? No, family was.
His the characters name was Willie. I don't know what I'm.
Oh, yeah. That's right. I mixed those two shows up. I hated them both.
And then next you're going to be doing seventh heaven. We're going to put that on there.
Okay. Just just relax. Okay.
That just like a beehals really cute. Yeah. And the two guys are cute on their tuba.
One's underage, but nevertheless.
See, there's one thing I like a message. I like to point to all you priest out there.
And young people want to go to the seminary. There's nothing wrong.
Just like when Brittany was 17. And I'm sure she was really hot when she was 16.
It's okay to look. Okay. Just don't touch. You can look.
You can Google. You can say, ah, look at that.
Someday it's going to be illegal. You know. But don't touch.
Don't touch. Isn't that pretty simple?
I understand it. Yeah. It's like knowing the difference between looking.
And maybe can I, can that be felt? You know, a little touch in a field.
That's got to be like after you check the ID. Okay.
That's just the way it works in our society.
If you want to go to Thailand and whatever, go father, go follow father Shanley.
Okay. Let's get some more for the list.
I think this is going to work out. You know what? I could be wrong. WQIM.
Neil, you stole my thunder there a little bit. Well, not really thunder.
I had a couple of eighties knocked on my list and a little help.
And you were, and you were serious?
No. Well, the thing is they were popular shows. I didn't like them.
But my sister's always watched that crab. I hate them.
But I ended up watching them.
Yeah. They probably watched the cartridge family too in a big one.
Oh, God. Not that show. What about happy days?
Excellent. How can that not be on here?
How can I, I'm so glad you mentioned that. I mean, you talk about some glaring omissions.
And that's your friend's spin-offs from it too. Right.
Not that they were in good.
Joni loves Chanchi. Hey, don't be knocking Scott Baeow, man.
Great. Lefern and Squirle even though I hated it like poison
that certainly belongs on here. You know, this is a crappy list, you know what?
Yeah, it was pretty pathetic what they put on there.
If you remember from a police squad, did you ever see those shows?
With Leslie Nielsen and George Kennedy, it was what they got the movies from.
They got the movies.
They could go to the show.
They were on for about five weeks or something.
Yeah, I didn't last very long. I know you hate Benny Hill, but that show was pretty funny.
No, I don't hate Benny Hill. I don't think I ever watched it.
But Steve Allen, you're right. That was a funny show.
I'm putting Benny Hill on there because it was huge.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you. It was sure better and bigger than American family,
which I have no idea what the hell I was.
Are you writing these down or what?
Sort of. I want you to catch me up from where their list left off and your list picked up.
Well, the last one on airlist was the today's show was number 17, which is pretty embarrassed out there.
See what we're doing in case you're joining us in midstream, which you should be shot if you're doing that.
Oh, I shouldn't say that.
Is we're taking the 50 top list of the TV guide and we're dividing it up in three parts, 17, 17 and 16.
Okay. And then we're taking our own that you people are suggesting that George and I put on your mic.
Yeah, we'll put some on there too, but all he had was K-Possa USA.
And then we're going to have a runoff each day and we'll take the top 17.
It's your vibe and we'll put it up against the bunch. You see what I'm saying?
I get it. Just a verify number seven is the late show with David Lutterman.
Okay. How come we don't have the David Letterman theme?
I will you know something. I don't even know what his name is.
I don't either. Does Miguel Miguel probably watches that crap? I mean, that's your name.
I don't know if it has a name except I don't think of the David Letterman theme.
No, I don't. Well, let's call up Don Pardo and find out and didn't he change it when he changed his show?
I don't know. I don't see. I know this is going to sound tacky, but I don't watch David Letterman.
I have watched David Letterman. I have the winter. I've seen him throw the pencil through the window enough times.
I've seen the stupid pet tricks and I saw Dan rather get an all choked up on there.
You know, and that was enough for me. Don't play that thing. Okay.
We don't want to be like. You know, be smirching Dan Rathers image on CBS.
When he choked up there and got all emotional on David Letterman.
I mean, Broca, I got all choked up too, but nobody cared because you were about to go over the rest from 18 on.
All right. Well, just relax. Don't get pushed. You've got plenty of time here.
We got plenty of time. We got Joe Rose for the mad dog.
The mad dog is on his way to Ireland. Let's hear it. All right.
Yeah, it says the first time he's ever going to be there. I heard him say that yesterday.
During one of those rare moments when the audio feed was actually coming through here.
They didn't shut the pot.
What's wrong with some of the board ops that work in that place? You know, some of the board ops are like,
wouldn't look like that, but you know that.
Anyway, Joe Rose at one, the Humper is on today.
Originally, we had Joseph Ganky on his schedule.
So this is, oh, I'm on a wrong day of the week, aren't I?
Oh, he's on though, but he's doing to show it flag there. What?
Tuesday. Yeah, Tuesday.
Hank is at the flag room between three and seven.
And we got talking hardball with the crow from seven to eight thirty an hour and a half of that.
An hour and a half of that.
Oh my god. Then we got the baseball game, your soft loaded team, which got their ass kicked last night.
Pregame show at eight thirty game time in 905 from Madenver against the Rockies.
And the big, oh, is on for vacationing at a kid the midnight till two in the morning,
or at least after the baseball games over. And the journey boys doing Mark overnight,
he'll be at the adunk and donuts tomorrow. We'll tell you where again later.
Well, they're all over the place, aren't they?
All over the place. All over the place.
Kind of like WQA, more all over the place.
But I attended these last three, four weeks. It's been a real pleasure at QAM.
A mattress shopping can be a pleasure if you don't do with a stupid people.
Don't be stupid. Just pick up the phone and call one eight hundred mattress.
Our good, close personal friends at Thile mattress. That's all you have to do.
I have nothing but scorn and derision for those idiots who still do it the old fashioned way.
And they hop into car and they shop all around all over town.
And they waste a lot of time and gas, especially when it's a hundred degrees in the shade.
You've got to be some kind of a moron to do something like that.
When all you have to do is make the one easy call to Thile mattress.
And you pick the great brand name mattress that you like and the kind that you want.
Extra firm, extra soft, whatever.
Sir to silly Simmons, King Quarrel the top names in a business they have them all.
It's on beatable prices too. And they deliver whenever it's convenient for you.
Not for them. They show up anytime you want.
Any tour window between noon and two, one and three, etc.
And any day of the week that you're going to be there seven days a week.
And they give you that 30 day in home comfort trial to check out and make sure this is the mattress for you and your back too.
So what's not to like? Pick up the phone right now. You'll be sleeping in comfort tonight and for a long time to come.
Call Dile mattress toll free. It's 1-800-MATR-E-S or check them out and then wicket worldwide web.
This is a Howard David. We do morning six tonight. Find sports radio five sixteen.
I'm Hugh way in.
Want a lollipop little boy?
It's the video too hot for TV.
Freeze. Go on wild. Find out what these wild men of the club do when they lose in their college.
It's wild wild wild. See, Franciscans vigorously anointing their flock.
Not a Dominican's frallicking in an after hours bingo boiler.
It's all on Freeze Gone Wild. Freeze Gone Wild is hot as barely illegal seminary students barter rosary beads at Marty Grah.
Jump to lay, order today. Freeze Gone Wild. Order now and receive the bonus video.
Seminary slots. They're young. They're hot. And they're sharing a steamy sauna.
Operators are standing by. So order now to order. Freeze Gone Wild. Have your credit card handy and call 1-800-Ultra Boy.
It may not be suitable for children over 15.
That's 17 at 560 WQA. So Hank's going to be in studio today instead of it flagger, right? That is correct.
A lot of scheduling difficulties these days. We got Joe Rose from Andich who's at the un-as-way to Ireland.
And then we got Hank in the studio. Got all of that. Got it all straight out. I'm writing it all down.
Here's Steve who faxes and says, how about the old Toronto show Kids in the Hall?
I've heard the name, but I never saw that show. Do you ever see that show?
I thought it was hit or miss. There were some sketches that were hysterical and the rest were really flat.
Says I watch the reruns all the time on the comedy channel. Well, I don't think so.
Thanks very much anyway, Steve and go let's go.
Let's see SCTV the best. I put it on my list. Don't you think?
I love SCTV. SCTV was great. Even if only just for the Peri-Komoski where he was singing on the desk bed.
I can't get that out of my mind. No, that was perfect.
As long as I live, I'll never forget that one skid where they got Peri-Komos and hooked up to Oxygen and he's fine.
They got the mic in his face and he's anyway. They nailed it.
They nailed it.
Are you playing this again?
Also, we says George Letterman followed Carson and NBC. Now, why does he write that? Did you make a mistake?
I don't know. I knew that. Don't we know that he followed Carson?
I didn't know the theme is all.
Of course Letterman followed Carson.
I don't get that. We all knew that. Okay, thank you. We knew that.
We know it.
Here's the fact that it says, it says you're out of order.
I'm talking to that one scene. Like I said, the movie isn't much. It's very depressing.
It's enough to make you jump out of a goddamn 20th story building.
But that one scene with Al Pacino and the judge is what's his name? Jack Warden plays the judge.
Isn't there a scene earlier in a movie where the judge is on the outside of the building?
I can't. He's like me.
Remember? Yeah, he steps out the window and he's like a walk out on the outside of the building.
He does this like he's a basket case. Everybody in that courtroom was a basket case.
Of course, some of the some of the defendants were basket cases.
Most of them are dead as it turns out. But anyway, you're out of order.
This whole effin system is out of order. I love it. Great scene.
It says there's only a few shows that matter.
Let me just say this about that because a lot of old Fogies.
And I used to say this too because it was popular to say because everybody else said it.
And it was bullcrap.
Oh, those wonderful days before television. What did we do?
We used to speak to each other and talk to each other and families would communicate.
And it was so great. We'd sit around the radio.
Yeah.
Now, I will say this. The old radio shows were great in their time.
You know, suspense and the burns in Alan's show and Judy Canova.
And all the great old radio shows, Gunsmoke,
Low-East, William Conrad, Lowen Ranger,
It's a suspense, Superman with Bud Collier. They were great.
But the idea, I mean, you know, I sit there front of my TV set
and they're with my digital cable. And like I told you that screen channel,
which I eat your heart out, there's also another channel right next to that called the Drive-In Classics.
That's my favorite genre. Have you ever seen that? No.
And they show all these real corny. That's why I saw that movie the other night,
the Electra over the weekend. Electra? Never heard of that.
You would definitely like it and I liked it. But really corn ball,
but funny stuff. Good and funny. And anyway, the screen channel is great.
Horror and the sci-fi and stuff like that, suspense.
And I sit there front of the TV and I think to myself,
what the hell would life be without television?
Who now wants to sit around and talk to a bunch of stupid relatives anyway?
Anyway, it says all in the family and then there's everything else.
And you are absolutely correct, sir. And then he's got number two sign fell.
Well, nobody's perfect. Three honey moaners.
And after all of that, he said it's the Twilight Zone.
Whatever you say, sir, thank you very much.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. And I'm going to tell you right now
or you want the rest of the ones on here. Well, let's take another call or two.
Okay. Then we'll give them to you. WQIM.
Hello. You didn't hit it. Pick a line.
Hit it again. I hit it. WQIM.
Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir.
How are you doing, man? I'm doing good.
Good. I think the best show of all time was Arkansas and the Canadian Canada, but I'm biased.
That's the longest running show in North America, by the way.
Don't tell Moe that because you don't know from hockey.
So long as running show it is.
You'll never figure that one out. But I think the one back.
Wait a minute. One of the great things I enjoy is Leafs TV,
which I'm one of the 40 subscribers up here. And on Leafs TV, they got a lot of the old leaf classics.
Like last night, they showed again they beat Detroit 13 to nothing, which I loved it with Bill Hewitt.
Gee. Yeah. Bring it back. A lot of memories there, Neil. I wish I had it.
When I go back to Canada this summer, I'm picking up one of those W dishes and bring back down to South Florida here.
So I can see some good hockey games that have been cut in a mode half the time.
Edelstown, the Westerns, I would say bananas and wagon train.
It was a good one. Wagon train. I like wagon train, reward time and all that good stuff there.
And of course Andy Griffiths and the Bieber.
But I like the Glenn Campbell good time hour in the Tom Jones.
Funny and sure. I don't think all that crap.
You're not from Cam loops or medicine head by any chance, right?
No, I'm from Toronto. Oh, I see because it sounds kind of like there's genre, you know, it'll be big in medicine head.
Go back every year. Hey, Neil, your time with them. Neilson turtles there.
That's good stuff. Do you like fishing chips? No.
No. Okay. Hell a bit of a can't stand fish.
No, no. No. Fish. He smelled too.
How about the Chinese? Give me a good Chinese restaurant. I know there's like three Chinatowns here, but give me a good Chinese restaurant.
The whole place is China town last time I was there. Yeah.
Yeah. Downtown right past the Royal York there. There's a big place too.
Yeah. Hey, can you get a little bow one and he would on a radio there?
Okay, I'll work on it for you. Thanks buddy. Goldie's going.
Oh, man, it's nice. This is it. I'm like I'm already taken value. I already got cramps. Okay. Goldie's going.
Maybe Matt Sundin, unfortunately, I make an appearance, but I doubt it.
Hey, it says in the paper, he just might. It might be. It could be, but it's not. I don't think so.
Don't get your hopes up. Don't get carried away.
Gary Valk's going to be back tonight underrated. Good scrappy player. We need Gary Valk.
Even George knows that. Who?
WQ I am. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing great.
Anyone mentioned cheers yet? I thought cheers is on their list. Yeah, cheers number 18.
All right. Well, I just haven't heard it yet, but obviously the only show of all time is all in the family.
That's the only one that matters. It's like the fact just that it's all in the family and everything else.
I even like I even like mod to spin off from all the family. So that's our crazy. I am about that show business.
It's only on the family and there's everything else.
You got your thumb right on. Thank you, sir. He's got it all in the family. That was my vote.
I probably shouldn't tip my hand what I voted for, but that's what I voted. And they say it's number four TV guide.
But you know what TV guide? You can suck my toe. Okay. You can lick my fat fanny is what you can do.
Speaking of fanny member Florence Henderson. Yeah, what about her?
I saw her on a biography network that I love Florence Henderson.
And that's the first record I ever had with Florence Henderson was her and Walter Slazak.
I had the album, the theme of the soundtrack from Fanny, the musical.
You know what you're that was?
151554. 1954 am I old?
Uh huh. Or what? 54. Walter Slazak and Florence Henderson.
Remember Walter Slazak? Of course you don't.
Big fat guy with a mustache great character actor.
Someday I was thinking to do a pull on character actors, but you know what the problem is with that?
Not a lot of people. Yeah, most people don't know the names. They know the faces.
Like I mentioned Jack Warden who is an all and justice for all.
And they've seen him in a million different things on movies in the TV, but they don't know what his name is.
So it's kind of hard to do that. There's so many great character actors like Lee J. Cobb.
He wasn't a leading actor, but he was a great character actor, right?
On the waterfront, the exorcist, answer the question father paranoia.
It's not for my daughter. I lied.
Remember that he was asking for the autograph for me. Of course you do.
WQAM. How about Dallas and the Golden Girls?
Dallas was an excellent choice, but the Golden Girls are you really serious?
Hey, hilarious. Who sprays sprays sprays sprays?
Okay. And by the way, do you, are you were the fact that they hate each other?
I just think they're right. They're the South Florida.
I also think they're the basic South Florida.
Probably the ladies are supposed to be peach. Go on a wrap.
Okay. Over the rascal house.
What's your name?
Be Arthur? Yeah.
Funny he should mention that because I just read it that same inquired that I had those great stories yesterday about Baba and his love child and the love sponge and the other stuff.
Robert Blake.
There's a thing in there about how Be Arthur snubbed Betty White.
How they haven't spoken for years and Betty White went to a one man, one woman play that she's doing and she mentioned other people in the audience in Room of Clan Hand.
And she snubbed Betty White and she went out of their crying.
She went back to sleep with her pet dog or something like that.
Of course she was married to Alan Ludden. Does anybody buy that?
Now he was Bill Calder told me about Alan Ludden.
1026 at 560 WQM. Here's a simple question for you.
If somebody offered to give you several thousand dollars over the next few years, would you accept it?
Of course you'd take it. You'd say thank you or maybe you wouldn't even say thank you. Just give me the cash. You'll be foolish not to.
Which makes it really foolish to pass up the chance to refinance or buy a home at just 3.95%.
Here's the deal.
There's a Fannie Mae program available at 3.95% for both refinancing and purchasing of homes.
Now you think about it for a second. Just 3.95% sounds pretty amazing.
And all you have to do is call financial group to see how this works. Call 1-800-94053-63.
That's 1-800-94053-63 to be more specific. You can get 100 grand with payments of just $475 a month or 200 grand with payments of $950 a month.
You'll save yourself $1,000 and be downright stupid to pass up a chance like that.
Do the math and do the smart thing get the details by calling financial group.
Torfrey 1-800-940-Lind. That's 1-800-94053-63.
The Renekville Housing Lender.
Queterastrictions apply and rates are subject to change.
It's like they're my natural routine.
We make it 10-4-3-0-5-6-0.
Q-A-F.
50 seconds remaining in the power play. One nothing Toronto here in the first.
A goal by Doug Gilmore who has the puck now. On the right wing the head fate gets him into the zone.
Into the corner it goes to Sandine in front of the net Murphy.
Backhand scores!
Larry Murphy. His 1000th point and the Leafs come off the bench as they take a two-nothing lead.
Oh, go right.
He shot his wife in the head now she's dead.
He did it.
Thought he got away, now the red top will pay.
He did it.
He's an eye with one eye.
He did it.
Robert Blake.
Justin Smith.
He did it.
It's Alfred Burretta.
Hey, how about Burretta?
No.
I don't think so.
I don't think the timing is good for that right now.
Okay, we got some good lists here.
Here's one that says the Dick Van Dyke show.
It's already on there unfortunately on the TV guide list.
We got the TV guide top 50 shows of all time.
According to a bunch of assholes who work for TV guide who picked these names out of a hat.
Dick Van Dyke is number 13 and it makes me a want to cry.
Flintstones is not on there.
What do you say? I don't think so.
Rocky in Bullwink Hill he's got on his list.
That's on there too.
Rocky and his friends 47.
Mission impossible. That's on our list.
60 minutes. Isn't that on there?
60 minutes?
Yes it is.
It's number 6.
Good thing they don't call it 70 minutes will be number 7.
Batman he says I don't see why not.
To the mountain. Let's go.
Atomic battery is the power.
Turbines to speed.
Roger ready to move out.
See a lot of people would think why do you only want to put Batman on there because you liked
the reward he was wearing all those tights with a banana in him.
That's true. That's definitely true.
But the fact is that Batman was a definitely way ahead of its time.
With our last stunts and the capals and everything it was cute.
It was a cutting edge kind of a show.
It was way ahead of its time.
Didn't last all that long about four or five seasons and that was the end of it four.
Every star wanted to be on there either as the villain or at least as the person who popped out of the window.
Did you know that even Vincent Price was on there?
I forget the name of the character he played but he was on there for was...
Big head.
And Burgess Meredith and Cesar Romero and Frank Gorshin.
And who played Catwoman?
There were three.
Oh, there were three Catwoman?
There were three Catwoman.
Birthday kit. Burgess Meredith.
Burgess Meredith was the...
Yeah, the Mary Weather.
The Mary Weather and who was the other one?
Julie Neumar.
Well, very good.
Yeah, Burgess Meredith.
I'll have to come out the penguin.
Anyway, let's see. He's got the 60-Minute Sizzan Air Batman.
We'll put Batman on there for fun.
Gun smokes number 40 on the TV Guideless.
He says, Better Than Bonanza.
Well, Bonanza, they've only got number 43 so they agree with you.
But the public out there says Bonanza is the best show of all time.
Which I find to be obnoxious.
And you know something?
That ties in with what I...
I'm a little bit slow, folks.
I've been under a lot of stress.
But that ties in with what I said at the beginning.
The people who read TV Guide are likely the ones who went to their website to vote on that Cray.
Right.
Other than the punks who probably got like a Daisy Chain going to vote for Buffy the Vampire Slayer,
which is what's number two, that's got to be.
That has to be one of those email things where all the punks got together and said,
Let's vote for that.
Don't you think?
It was a very popular show.
I don't think I was very popular.
But I don't know who he was.
And it has some really fine-looking young people on there.
If they'd stopped killing them off in every episode.
But yeah, see that's the best.
Like Friday the 13th.
It's like parts one through one hundred of them.
You know, there's some wonderful people on there.
But they just keep killing off the ones.
The better they look, the more quicker they're going to get killed.
Sky King.
Oh, and that goes back.
What do you think?
That's for a sky king.
Sky King.
Thunderbirds.
Right.
What else is Thunderbirds?
By the way, have you seen the new Thunderbird?
Oh, yeah, it's cute actually.
It's sleek and nice.
And as much as I detest forwards and I despise forth,
the new T-birds are beautiful cars.
The convertible.
But anyway, how did we put on there on our list?
Which didn't make their list.
I'm going to say it again.
This to me proves that TV Guide is un-American.
Who's that scumbag that bought TV Guide?
And turned it into a right-wing rag.
Who used to be a great liberal and turned it into a right-winger?
What the hell was his name?
Don't know his name.
Don't know who you're talking about.
Somebody will fax it.
Somebody will fax that in or call it in.
Speaking of our list.
Yes.
If I fall any further behind, I won't be able to fax this right away.
Well, can I just finish these couple of faxes I got?
And then I'll get to it.
Okay.
Maybe.
Cook LaFran and Olli.
What do you say?
No.
Love that show and we played little little thing from that the other day.
But no.
And Captain Kangaroo.
Come on.
Come on.
Little Rascals?
No.
Now leave it to Beaver.
Did we decide to put that on there?
Sure.
It's on my list.
Why not?
Leave it in Beaver.
Beverly Hillbillies?
Hawaii Five.
Oh!
Yeah, that's on there.
Dragnet and Batman are both on our list.
Okay.
See that company caught up.
What about Beverly Hillbillies?
You want that on that list?
Yeah.
Well, let me make sure it's not on their list.
Okay.
Okay.
We sure we don't want to do any duplicates because then we'll never hit the end of it from the audience.
Ah, you screwed up.
Yeah, we screw up every day.
Beverly Hillbillies.
Okay.
I'll put it on there for all you Yahoo's.
I thought Andy Griffith would have pacified those bastards.
They were making fun of Hillbillies.
It wasn't for you.
Okay.
You got the top 17 shows.
You got, um, I'm in court in a TV guy.
Those are going to be our survey today.
Signed filled.
I love loosely.
The honeymoon is all in the family.
So, Prano 60 minutes late show with David Letterman.
The Simpsons.
The Andy Griffith show.
Buh!
Gathered in it live.
The Mary Taylor Moore show.
Eh, the tonight show with Johnny Carson.
Dick Van Dyke show.
Buh!
Uh, Hill Street Blues at Sullivan Show.
The Carol Burnett show.
And today's show.
Which today is, like I said, so in name.
Which today's show are we talking about TV guide?
Which one?
The one with Dave Giroway.
The one with Joe Dodgiole.
The one with terminally boring Matt Lauer.
Which one are we talking about?
Anyway.
It's just another one of their mistakes like Nightline.
Okay, that's, so that's the 17.
You got that?
Got it.
Now, here's what we've added so far.
Steve Allen show.
Are you, now, you have these or not?
I'm writing them down in shorthand.
I thought you already had them.
I'm writing down, I'm keeping track of what you said, but I want to make sure that we're on the same count.
Dragnet.
Okay.
Studio one.
What the hell is that?
It was like Playhouse 90.
It was like a live drama, like a great live show every week.
Okay.
Omnibus with Alistair Cook.
That was a great show.
But again, it was kind of like for intellectuals so you would know what was all about.
Perry Mason.
Hawaii Five.
Oh!
Howdy-duty before your time.
But, I mean, talk about pioneering.
Talk about having enormous impact on the lives of millions and millions and millions of us Americans.
Look what we turned in today.
Well, like I said, it was not that good.
Mission impossible.
How could they leave that off?
What kind of a goddamn Communist bunch of crap is that?
They leave off Mission Impossible?
Jesus Christ, TV Guide sucks!
The Larry Sanders show my ass.
And Roseanne and Abat Newhart show.
But no mission impossible.
I'm going to tell you right now that's a top ten show.
Absolutely.
There is no debate.
I agree.
Is there any debate about it?
I loved it.
Yeah.
Not to mention the theme.
Milton Burol show, which was called the Texaco, but nobody will know what it is.
So just for Milton Burol show.
You were absolutely correct, Maul.
It's about time you got with something right.
Anyway, the Milton Burol show.
Alfred Hitchcock presents, which the reason we have to say that is because he had like 85 different shows.
But that was the classic one.
You know, the original one it was on for a half hour.
Very scary stuff, man.
Scary crap.
Great shows.
Always with the trick endings, you know, the surprise ending.
Right.
And he'd come right on at the Avery End.
And then try to defuse the grotesqueness of the ending by saying,
Oh, well, you know, he didn't really die after all and everybody lived happily ever after.
Oh, my goodness.
But that's Mark on his post.
Like that smug look on his post.
Like he just did something with hippie headroom again.
Well, he was sure a dirty old man was pervert.
A letch.
Okay, let me do the break and then we'll come back and we'll get caught up and then we'll take some more.
And we'll kill a couple of days with this stuff.
Okay.
It's kind of, it's a kind of stuff like I said, Hank Milton yesterday.
Maul, Milton like a cow this morning, nice going.
And well, why not?
Since we're the poll experts on this show.
There's nothing else going on.
We got a few more child molesting priests had another amtrak derailment there in South Carolina.
They got a few a few a few a few a few a few a few injuries at the scene.
Do you understand what that means?
In other words, no, like not at the scene.
If they were on a train and it was a train crash or something,
wouldn't you assume that the injuries would be at the scene?
Well, maybe ambulance got an erect on the way to the hospital.
I see.
Or maybe somebody from CNN got an erect which we can only hope it's not one of our friends.
Okay, which we do have a few like Susan candy.
Twenty to eleven at five sixty WQM Joe Rose for the mad dog at one.
Hey, summertime is already in South Florida.
It's 142 degrees in the shade and it's going to get hotter and more humid.
It's going to be one of the worst of all time.
But olio metas of product that will make you feel your best and keep you in good health no matter how humid and inseparable it gets in South Florida.
Because olio metas of soft gel capsule that lets you get all the benefits of the best olive oil that money can buy into your system.
Along with vitamins and minerals and herbals to promote health for all different parts of your body.
There's one for your prostate, one for your heart, for your blood pressure, for your cholesterol.
Olio metas also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system.
Your digestive and endocrine system, your skin and bones, even your mind, such as it is,
all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil.
And don't forget how I understand how you could forget because we tell you this all the time.
Olio metas got supplements for men and also for you ladies as well.
It's available all over town so it picks them up today. You'll find it at Walgreens, Whole Food Markets,
Neuro Pharmacy and Sedanos. If you want to get more information before you buy, just give me a call and they're toll free number.
Then tell you what it's all about.
Call 1-866 olio metas.
That's 1-866 olio metas or other products on their website.
Olio metas.
And Rocky is tonight from Course Field in Colorado.
Couple starts at 8.30 on sports 20 of 5.16.
QAM.
It's day.
In Miami town.
At 5.60.
WQAM.
My guest tonight is the rare person who wouldn't have to change her name if she became a porn star of Jules here.
Where's the weirdest place you've ever had sex?
I love sex.
Really?
Cool.
All right.
Listen to you practice every day?
Where do you fall?
Are you good at it?
Yeah.
Yeah, sure.
I'm so good at it now.
Can you show me?
I'm sure.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my god.
So, not you guys.
Are you all right?
Are you pissed off?
No.
You should have sex in as many places as possible.
I just...
Yeah, everybody!
Hey, how about that Carson Daily?
How about an asshole?
10.46 at 5.60 WQAM.
So what do we get down to?
And look at what's on his, uh, one of the most serious facts me.
Look at that.
Oh, one of my least favorite shows of all time.
But what does not be tuned?
Oh, well...
Exciting and new.
Come aboard.
See, I always get that confused with the ziplanes, the plane.
But that was a fantasy island?
Correct.
With the Irvaila Shays?
See.
Always like, how come I always gravitate toward those shows with midgets?
Like Timmy on passions?
Poor Timmy boy, he's in deep crap.
He almost got strangled by a garden hose yesterday.
Maybe you have a zombie chair.
No, actually, I don't like fantasy island.
I hated Irvaila Shays.
He was in love.
That one thing, those ziplanes, I mean, that was cute,
but that was like making fun of midgets, you know.
And that's supposed to make fun of midgets, are you?
Uh-huh.
Not unless they're in the room with you.
I see.
Okay, now what do we got?
Michigan Empire.
Miltonborough, how far you got from here?
Alfred Hussin.
Alfred Hussin.
Yes.
I dream of Genie.
Okay.
Leave it to Beaver.
Okay.
Colombo.
Okay.
So, don't drop it.
All right.
The Jefferson's?
I mean, how...
What kind of a goddameless TV guide doesn't put the freaking Jefferson's on her list?
I think there's something subversive about that.
I think we ought to have a congressional investigation about it.
I mean, don't you find that bizarre?
No, it's not as popular as we'd like to think.
We have a movie full of crap.
You like it a lot.
I like it.
Most other people.
Everyone in the audience loves it.
Well, they're just agreeing with you.
No, they are not.
It was a very funny show.
And Spiderman, Tom Jekket, Tom Jekket, don't like it too.
No, it's got to be good.
He likes cheese.
Cheese.
Yeah, we got your cheese over here, Tom.
Ram's with Queers.
What's up?
What else do we got?
The Jefferson's.
No, speaking of Queers.
It is enough.
Always like that, Willie Ames.
Wait a minute.
We're really putting that on there, it is enough.
Yeah.
Okay.
What was that show he was on with Scott Bale?
What was the name of that show?
Charles and Charged.
Charles and C.
George watched that show.
No, it was Charles and Charged.
How come that's not on there?
Not on there.
Yes, you did.
I didn't want to.
You saw that.
You saw that.
Didn't watch 10 seconds of the open.
I actually fantasized about Willie Ames and Scott Bale
doing each other.
But they were both very heterosexual, but nevertheless.
Happy days, speaking of Scott Bale, happy days.
Hey, did that show?
I'm probably the only person in America that despised that show.
In fact, other than Scott Bale, I never would have watched it in the first place.
Everybody had a faunzy Henry Winkler.
Oh my god.
Oh, makes me want to puke.
And Richie, what's his name?
That's a big producer down the record.
producer down the record.
Ron Howard.
Ron Howard.
Yeah, Ron Howard.
Oh, Ron Howard, I'm sorry.
Excuse me.
Ron, that's Mr. Howard.
To you.
Who was that guy that was on Ron?
Now, what was his name on Apple's way that the another one that you couldn't say?
I'm talking about a show I don't know.
You better get with it.
Apple's way.
Happy days.
Levereign surely.
Awful show.
Schlamiel.
Schlamazel.
Oh, I wonder if I have the theme to that, which would make me just want to scream.
I'm sure you do.
You've played it before.
The theme from Levereign and Squirley.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, seven, eight.
Levereign.
Schlamazel.
What kind of a show is that?
Okay.
Yiddish for Goyam, like I do on this show.
This was like a national network TV show, and they're doing Schlamiel and Schlamazel on it.
I'm the captain, I'm the captain, great job.
We're going to win.
Give us any chance.
We'll take it.
And I'll do it.
Thank you.
God.
Put me out of ice suffering.
Levereign and Shirley.
Benny Hill.
Okay.
What about Benny Hinn?
Hey, my favorite.
Beverly Hill Billies.
Okay.
And that's only because you insisted that it be on there.
How many, how many we got?
We got the 17 plus we got a while.
You're a guy.
I got 37 counting Beverly Hill Billies.
I'm numbering them.
Okay.
So we can do like a few more here.
Well, we got more that I wrote down that you didn't, okay.
Well, we can, we can expand the list, but we don't have to put all of my money today.
Right.
We're going to have to go through like tomorrow and Thursday.
Batman.
SCTV.
The Walton's, which again is shocking that it's not on there.
If Bonanza can be on there, what else wrong with John Boy, huh?
Is he like Chop River?
Plus, he's still alive.
Hey, maybe that's what they don't like about it.
John Boy is still alive.
Little house on the prairie, poor Michael Landon.
I can't stop thinking about that biography thing about Michael Landon.
He was a good guy, you know.
Yes, he was.
A manch.
He was a real manch.
That's right.
And Dallas.
What about how he did this?
I said, how do you do this?
I said, how do you do this?
I said, how do you do this?
I didn't number it.
How do you do this?
How do you do this?
How do you do this?
I did write it down.
Okay.
Yeah, cut the crap.
You better get with it, mister.
We're going to report your ass to the bridge dender.
So there's what we got on the list so far.
We're cut up.
Because we're going to need a whole bunch of it.
Because I'm not going to do the thing we've taken to calls the next two days also.
And kill a whole show with that, am I?
Uh-huh.
No, I don't think so.
It might take a few more suggestions.
But that would be really ponderous.
And the last thing we want to be on this show is freaking ponderous.
WQIAM, hello.
Thank you, Mr. Neal.
How are you today?
Pretty good.
How are you doing?
No, not too bad.
There was a show last night on ABC about that.
About 50.
How do you like that?
Never heard of it?
Yep.
It was right after Dynatopia.
My favorite of all time was in the name of the game.
Or the name of the game.
I remember it vaguely.
Yeah, it had like a dream fairy was on it.
Things like that.
And then my favorite as a kid was romper room.
Yeah.
And other than that.
And we can also put Ding Dong school on there with Francis Horwa, who's still dead.
Well, I never saw that one.
I never saw that one.
And I definitely am not going to vote for Sherry Lewis and Lambchop.
Good for you, excellent.
Alrighty.
Thank you.
She's still dead too, Sherry Lewis.
Lambchop's still alive, but I think Sherry Lewis sleeps with the fishes with Luca Bratzi and Fredo.
Hey, maybe this weekend if you're going to be looking for something new, how about going out fishing with Fredo?
Huh?
He's got, he's lucky.
Where's that cat like charm?
Rubber's rosary beads?
Wasn't he rubbing rosary beads and doing Hell Marys while they were fishing?
It was doing a Hell Marys.
It was the magic formula to make that something.
Right, he did that.
That was the secret.
That's right.
He told what's his name.
He told Anthony.
That's it.
Watch me catch a big one.
I do some Hell Marys out there.
Didn't work, Fredo.
Didn't work.
Not as smart as you thought you were.
WDQYM.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
How are you?
Great.
One show that I didn't see on there and I was disgusted by was the odd couple with Tony Randall and Jack Klockman.
Yeah, that certainly beats the crap out of a lot of like the Larry Sanders show.
Oh, big time and I'm with you with the Jefferson's.
I mean, I love that show as a kid.
It was hilarious.
Everybody who saw that show except for Tom Jicke was one of their favorite all-time shows.
What about Bernie Miller? Did that make it?
Why, sure, hope not.
It has some cute boobits on there.
It was kind of a good show.
And as a kid, um, it didn't make it, but it's worth putting on our list.
You're right.
I mean, better than some other stuff that was on there.
Better than the night line.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
What about for kids shows that they have little ridiculous things like the banana splits and McGilligal Rilla?
No.
I can't. Well, TV guys sucks anyway.
Amen. Well said.
Thanks, buddy.
Have a good day.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you. God bless America.
Yeah, TV Guide sucks.
We know that.
Yeah, but hey, they give us something to sink our teeth into all the shows now since there's nothing else going on.
Although we just got a priest of an ex priest that got shot since CNN, but I went on the, you know, it's funny how the websites of some of these organizations are very, very slow.
CNN especially.
But all of them, you know, they have that AP minute by minute ticker. I even went on near because I saw the thing about this ex priest that got shot on CNN.
He didn't get shot on CNN. He got shot and CNN reported it.
Get it straight.
Injuries at the scene.
But I can't find out the story, but I'm sure somebody will have it somewhere and well, you know, it's not not a big deal.
I don't know if he got killed or what the deal was. He was dark, by the way.
I thought I mentioned that.
Does that okay if I mention that or not?
You can mention it.
Hey, the Jefferson's were dark and I like them. Let's hear it. What does that prove to you?
Oh, here is one that how could we have left this one off the list?
Somebody take them all over the list.
Somebody take them all over the list.
All of those shows, somebody needs to have been put in a rubber room, whoever invented that whole series of shows, the facts of life and what were the other ones?
You know the ones I'm talking about?
The strokes, different strokes. That's it.
Silver spoons.
Right.
Silver spoons.
Now which one was Blacky on?
John Stamos.
Oh, who's the boss?
Who's the boss?
Now how come that's not on it?
I think I'm not sure about that.
No, I don't think it's wrong.
Now what was the one that had, what's his name?
That's got the shakes.
Michael J. Fox.
Family ties.
Oh, family ties?
Yes.
He's got a really bad to his truck in the city.
He was testifying before Congress, he can't even sit still and say,
I'm not making fun. It's a terrible thing.
You know, don't be making fun of him and Jan Arino unless it's for a different reason.
But boy, he's got a really bad.
Oh, and here's another one.
Here's another one of the same genre that you're going to get sick when you hear the theme song.
This is the other one you get.
This is the life we want you to get.
That's all I can handle one gig at a time.
But on the other hand,
Good time and a time and a period that's good time.
I think that belongs on there.
Good times.
You don't?
I just died away.
I don't mind.
I hated it then.
I hated him.
I didn't like the show, but I think good times it was just for the theme song along.
That was my all time favorite show.
I think when we did the TV themes, I loved that.
And this gives an excuse to come back and do it again.
You don't like good times.
I don't care whether you like it or not.
I'm putting it on the list.
I already wrote it down for what it's good.
Good for you.
I'm not playing bush boss with this crap because you're still like an limbo man.
That thing can be brought back on a moment's notice.
What do you mean brought back?
If somebody farts the wrong flavor, it's going to be like,
Well, you know, Georgia's job is still in limbo.
That scene from the Godfather comes to mind.
Exactly.
We should get shot while trying to escape.
That's right.
By lightning, I'm going to blame George.
Yeah, that's right.
Just like the old T-shirts we used to have.
It's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it
It's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it
kid music 3 minifices and I learn masks and the kids do the graphics design here as they develop the עלian
Miiga rec巴
The aoibo
book
I'm trying to go, you can't poop but there's a f*** camera right in your face, can you?
Have you ever tried to poop with a f*** camera and you?
No, I mean you can't do it, you can't push because I can't push my f*** head all blow up.
I'm not nutting it my f*** head anyway.
How's the f***?
Every time I'm in there, my wife Sharon comes in, everybody's trying to talk to me.
I just want to be left alone.
Well I can understand that.
Just leave me the f*** alone.
How's the f***?
The f*** is all f*** up.
I mean every time I move on, I hear bong making noise and cracking.
I mean I can't do anything.
I'm Aussie Osborne.
Aussie!
Oh f*** what is it?
Kelly, I'm doing...
Kelly, shut the f*** up, I'm doing an interview.
Why is it?
I'm so pissed off at Jack.
Well what do you want me to do about it?
Kelly, you want me to say something to him?
Does he? He went to my pantsy drawer again.
Why?
He went to in my pantsy drawer.
I mean Kelly, if your brother wants to wear your f***, your panties, what am I supposed to do?
Do you want me to tell him?
Get to the one panties!
Do you want me to tell him to not wear your panties?
Kelly, you see what?
Jack!
Jack!
Jack, wait a minute now.
Don't wear your sister f*** head.
Wait a minute, where's the dog?
Where is the f*** dog again?
He got out!
You know, don't wear your f*** head sister's panties.
You've got a f***, you can't wear panties if you've got a f***.
What do you say as you and people say you are the new workers?
I mean why do I say?
I mean I don't even know what to say.
You're asking me questions.
I've got my daughter Kelly bitchyling moaning about her brother wearing a panties.
I mean what's the f*** big deal if he wants to wear panties?
I mean why can't you just f*** get over it already?
Did you ever wear it?
I'm not full ready.
I mean I'm wearing panties right now.
I'm wearing Kelly's panties.
She doesn't even f*** no.
We'll be right back.
I bet.
Okay so it was a Baltimore priest who was shot who admitted to having sex with a boy and that's
all I know because I went all on every damn website in history and I couldn't find it.
You see anything?
I mean CNN's got it but that's all I can see so far.
Mordekai, Mordekai, Mordekai.
A judge yesterday ordered the art stasis of Boston to immediately turn over psychiatric
and medical records of retired priest and accused child rapist Paul Shanley.
But old father Shanley.
The records have been subbed by the family of Gregory Ford 24 was filed a civil lawsuit against
the art stasis saying Shanley repeatedly raped him when he was a boy.
Middle sex superior court justice Janet L Sanders ruled that Shanley had already waved
any rights to keep the records private when he turned them over to the art stasis.
Shanley appeared anxious to convince the art stasis in the early 1990s that he should remain
in California and extended medical leave when he turned over the records the judge said.
Can't imagine why.
All these documents are clearly relevant to show the relationship between the art stasis
and Shanley and the defendant's knowledge of Shanley's activities and the state of
health Sanders ruled.
Roderick McLeish attorney for the Ford City was delighted with the rulings already
fought successfully for the release of 1600 pages of documents and Shanley's personnel
file.
The court recognizes the enormous public interest in that the art stasis is simply trying
every way to prevent the truth from coming out McLeish said, but it's coming in dribs
and drabs and even if it's by court order it will come out.
When it doubt, court scourge will come out.
Shanley essentially figured when the church's sex abuse scandals being held on $300,000
bail after pleading innocent to three charges he repeatedly raped another boy.
Donna Maurizio spoke to him for the art stasis said she had no comment.
Very good.
What a good guess.
A 5.2-a-magnitude earthquake.
Are you familiar with the earthquake?
How quick they had last night?
No.
Really?
Who had one?
On a west coast they had a big one a 5.2-magnitude earthquake.
So if the San Francisco Bay Area yesterday violently rattling hockey and baseball games and
knocking out phone service in parts of San Jose, do you know the way?
The quick-to-order of the compact center in San Jose were the sharks who played the Colorado
avalanche and a playoff game.
Avalanche won by the way.
The upper stands of the minutes shook strongly for about 10 seconds and life fixtures continued
this way for several seconds afterward.
The game continued uninterrupted however.
That's right.
The game must go on baby.
Everything was shaking said Michelle Goulet vice president of player personnel for the
avalanche who was sitting in the stadium's upper level.
You start thinking should I run or what?
I wasn't sure what to do.
We said no significant damage was reported.
The US Geological Service reported that the quake struck at 10 p.m. and had a preliminary
magnitude of 5.2-center three mile southwest of Gilroy outside of San Jose of several
aftershocks the biggest was a 2.5.
Kind of like some numbers.
We're going to be seeing pretty soon a 2.5.
It felt like a sharp jewel to Danny Sharma a manager at the roadway in in Gilroy said the
motel show violently and knocked off coffee pots and glasses off room counters.
It was the worst one I've ever felt Sharma said the whole building was shaking and it
was just this rumbling sound.
It was a bad quake he said.
Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T.
Oh and I gave you a little clue there is the one that I can't believe you haven't suggested
already especially since the Simpsons is number 8 on the list.
Yeah.
South Park?
Yeah.
You're asking with a question mark why isn't that on the list?
I don't know.
I wanted to say it.
But why didn't you say it?
We only got six more entries left over.
What do you mean by that?
And we have further future subsequent lists that we can get it on.
No you don't understand.
See what we're doing is we're making a pool of other shows.
Okay.
And then we'll make a total of 50 don't you understand where we're going with this?
Okay.
So South Park.
South Park.
It's on there.
And the people that are very good.
I just sent you a couple of facts is I think a couple of them say the Osborne's.
Well that's why I just played that bit.
I guess so.
I guess the Osborne's can be on her.
I mean if David Leber, I mean there's no qualification there about current shows don't
qualify because of Letterman's on there and 60 Minutes is on there.
They're both still current shows.
Am I right about that?
Uh huh.
Last time I checked.
What else is there any other current show?
Well it's not really important whether or not but the fact that there are some doesn't
the disqualify the Simpsons is on there.
Ed Sullivan show they still got him propped up.
Okay.
Here's the fact is is the assholes of TV guide are X Harold Putses, Steve Sonsky and Steve
Reddickliff.
Oh no.
Oh my God.
Are you kidding me?
Oh my God.
Wow.
No wonder it's such a bogus list.
It says Rupert Murdock used to own TV guide.
No that's not the name I'm looking for though.
There was a guy who was the publisher of TV guide who was a real piece of Drek.
He turned into it.
Where's John Ruddy these days?
Oh good question.
Where's John Ruddy?
Super sales says this one I don't think so too old.
Too dated.
Good show though funny show.
Too old.
And Kojak who loves you baby.
I'm George Lassano because he hates that genre of shows he hates cop shows but certainly
if we get something and what about Ken and God damn it what about that?
I think anybody who doesn't like Telly Sivalis as a communist that could be wrong about
that but that's my own personal opinion.
You know how pretty juice that can be but that's am I feeling about it?
You don't agree with the Kojak and Ken?
Well no.
Too bad.
Put him on there.
Both of them?
Both of them.
What does that mean?
What could we possibly leave off?
How could we be in Miami and leave off?
I'm running it.
Got it.
Got it.
Got it.
There too Miami cops with a hot new beans.
There are the streets fighting crime.
They pop.
That's a handicap face air.
Yeah yeah yeah.
In Helen Dale's vice.
We get a problem.
The grey gang is up to the old tricks.
Lieutenant and that the group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early
bird special after seven.
Yeah they're backing down.
Let's go get them.
They'll stop it nothing to clean up the streets.
Hey lady you can't cross here you'll have to cross in the light.
Yeah they're determined to clean up the smuggling business.
Alright sister you're under arrest.
Also now you're arresting my wife.
Watch the charge.
Session of powder.
I'm gonna first let's see that wife stuff.
Yeah just a thought.
She's got over 100 bags in here.
Over what?
Sweet and low.
From that restaurant she just came out of.
A second man.
Yeah it was there.
In Miami cops on a hot new beans.
In Helen Dale's vice.
We're meeting this bomb on MBC.
Somebody said that's right.
It's on the list.
It's on the warning.
It's on the list.
I hated that show but hey it's on the list.
A lot of people like this isn't a question of what Nika likes.
What George likes.
Well Miguel likes besides K-Pasa USA.
You know what's how silent he's been all day?
Well he's got a pen in his mouth.
He's sucking on it?
No chewing.
Oh.
Here's the fact this is the wonder years.
I wonder about that you know.
I wonder who wrote the book I love.
I don't think so.
What was the wonder years?
Is that the wonder that John Fred Savage when he was a little kid?
Oh my god.
No chance.
No chance.
Man.
So close to lunch time you're describing it.
Growing pains.
Didn't we just already discuss this growing pains?
Growing pains.
Growing pains.
Growing pains.
Wasn't that another one of that same genre?
Yes.
Exactly.
Like one day at a time and all that other thing no chance.
It was the only one that I just family and that kind of stuff.
Well what about family?
I didn't like it.
With Willie and what's his name James Roderick?
Well I'm pretty good on that.
I think the game's right on that thing.
And what was the fat woman ever Sarah?
Sarah what was her name?
She played Ma.
She was a great actress.
You never know what I'm not sure but she was very good actress.
Sarah.
Oh geez.
You don't know what I'm talking about?
No.
Well you didn't watch that show.
I watched that show.
I hated that kind of stuff.
You weren't hung up on Willie like I was.
No.
Sarah there was no hot babes on that show.
No certainly not nobody Willie was going out.
Sarah Lee.
I think.
No not Sarah Lee.
Nobody doesn't like Sarah Lee.
Sarah Michelle Geller.
No.
Jessica Parker.
No no no.
Hold on up to be their grandma okay.
You never saw that show.
So bug off.
Hey there's Miguel's contribution.
He's still looking for Debbie does Dallas.
And quite frankly I don't blame him.
12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQAM.
If you're looking for some hair.
Here's the answer for him.
I'm a good buddy.
Check out.
You know I'm wearing these headphones over one side.
And the strange part of it is the side of my head that I'm not wearing it on.
Yeah.
That's the part that's bothering me.
You know what I'm saying?
Why would that be?
I don't know.
That's a very interesting thing.
Anyway maybe that's where my big bald spot is like all over the top of my head.
If you guys out there are sure and with a big ugly bald spot.
And they are ugly believe me.
Of course with me at least I'm consistent.
But if you'd like to look better when younger call my good buddy Chuck Alfieri.
He's appeared as a guest on Good Morning America.
And the very famous today show according to TV guide.
And Charlie's got the latest technology that provides sensational results for guys who want more hair.
And we look younger and better for amazing natural look.
The natural hairline system is the best in the universe at any price.
And speaking of price when you call Charlie Alfieri.
Imagine the arrangers and he'll knock 200 dollars off the regular price.
It's mighty affordable.
And it looks better than anything at any price you can get.
So if you want holes in your head go right ahead.
If you want a dead musk red on your head be my guest.
But if you want to look better and younger like I said.
Then you have an accune's age.
Pick up that phone right now and call Charles Alfieri.
There's no obligation.
They'll give you a free consultation and show you just how great they can make you look.
1-800-321-2413.
I can't wear this thing. It's killing my head.
1-800-321-2413.
Or log on to their website.
Charlie.
From Mark Lake's studio.
The bridge is underway in seven.
On sports radio 5.
Sixty-eight.
Can't wait to have.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It starts up front.
And if eight no lie goes out the door and then way outside.
There's me next to Qui-Gon-Gin.
The Boba Fett.
That's Honda.
I'm fed up with all of this.
I'm surrounded by only ones and half a team.
Strange men dress like Armadillo and Abu Queen.
It's a scene like this.
I want to do it.
A boy crowded together with Jedis and Pilot Joy.
Job of a hot beast.
Stardust banks race.
The bokeh up behind has a day to weeks.
Star Wars Grave is holding on to lights.
Same as I went into the booby right now.
That way the scene's like your year.
I was dead in here.
I ain't moving any closer to the theater.
It appears I have hands like a team from the Twilight Zone.
I can't attack on the big blind.
And it's gone.
It's so far.
We're at the end.
But the damage doesn't matter.
It's all too long to advance our claws.
We're at the end.
But the damage doesn't matter.
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
Exactly.
1118 at 560 QM.
I'll tell you CNN must be way ahead of everybody else on that story.
I can't find anything on it anywhere.
Father Maurice Blackwell, that's a guy's name.
He's a black priest, former priest, to a shot and killed on the streets of Baltimore,
who admitted to molesting a boy.
That's all we got so far.
Also, let's see.
Ken Hitchcock is going to be named today as the new coach of the Philadelphia Flyers.
There's number two.
And number three, thank you whoever called it in.
Walter Annenberg was the guy I was trying to think of.
Who owned TV guy at one point.
I don't think this was anyone's.
He's dead.
I hope.
Walter Annenberg.
Boy, Henrik, I turned into a real right-wing piece of turd.
Used to be a great liberal many years ago, and then turned.
Took a turn for the worst.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
See, this is like trying to pick the 5 to the best.
Haven't we talked about this many, many times trying to pick the best 100 movies of many, many times?
How do you differentiate between number 98 and number 99?
You see what I'm saying?
When it's 50 TV shows, there are...
I don't know.
After you get past the top five, how do we decide which...
What deserves number six and what's number seven?
Other than you say, oh, well this was a little bit better than that one.
Right?
Isn't that about the only way you can do it?
No, it's an excellent point.
But then when you get down to number 41 and 42, well, okay, well, for example, they got like...
Buffy the Vampire Slayer 41 and Rowan and Martin's Laughing 42.
That's laughable.
I mean, that's laughable on the face of it.
Is there any question that Laughing was a better show than Buffy the Vampire Slayer?
No, I know that's a very popular show with punks and everything, but I mean, that's like a slap in the face.
Even though Buffy the Vampire Slayer is number two on TV Guide's website,
but it's got to be a rig deal.
It's got to be bogus.
And Bonanza, which is number one on there, they got it as number 43.
So it's fun.
It kills a lot of good time.
But you can argue and you can argue and you can carry on and you can all whip up into a frenzy like we did because...
The Vampire Slayer Prisons wasn't on this list.
Happy days wasn't on this list.
Uncle Milti wasn't on the list.
South Park's not on the list.
The freaking Osborn's aren't on their list.
Like I said, they should only croak a TV Guide, okay?
Not that we take it personally.
Not that we take it too serious.
To them, okay?
That's my sentiments.
That's my best wishes for our good friends at TV Guide.
And now that we know that some of the exes going from the herald are there and Jews as well.
To them.
That's probably where they got kicked out of the herald.
They found out they were Jewish.
Just like Bob Ruben got relegated to a page.
In fact, I don't think even Howard Kleinberg is writing that stuff anymore.
After all these years, they found out that Howard Kleinberg was Jewish.
Well, they're a little slow over there at the herald, you know?
WQAM.
Ah!
Oh, goody.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you Neal?
How are you doing?
First, I like thank you for turning me on the farewell to God by Charles Templeton.
It's a great book.
It's her is.
And I have a couple of suggestions.
I don't know if you're on the list.
But one was a long live show, Gunsmoke.
And the other one.
Gunsmoke is number 40 on the TV guide list.
OK.
And a Twilight Zone.
Not on there.
Can you believe that?
Thanks, Neal.
OK, thank you.
He was shocked.
He couldn't believe it.
Do we have it on ours?
At least?
No, not yet.
We don't have the freaking Twilight Zone on our list.
Well, what's wrong with us?
I'm going to have to start another page here because this is getting very confusing.
Twilight Zone.
No question about it.
I mean, I realize it's no nightline, you know?
Nightline.
Number, what is it?
Number 23, nightline.
Although, you know, Twilight Zone, I take it back.
It's number 26 on their list.
So we don't have to put it on ours.
It's on their list, number 26.
OK.
Thank God.
Like I said, always like those people at TV Guide.
It's on there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, only AT&T, infrared, and on.
My phone just rang.
You know what that means?
What does that mean?
That means my toners are here, right?
My toning cartridges for the Fax Machine.
You know, this temporary Fax Machine that's only going to be here a short time,
the real noisy one.
That's cranking right now and making...
Yeah, sure.
...so much noise that I can barely hear the temporary one for three months.
See, I would bug clearance with that, but he's got so many other things to worry about.
While we wait for Duff to come back, you know, for my extended vacation.
WDQ, way am.
Hello?
Did I punch well up or not?
Yeah, I did.
There's nobody there.
WQ, way am.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I'd like to just put it in the list.
Roots.
Roots the series?
Roots the series?
1977 or 1976?
Right.
Well, I mean, it drew huge ratings and it got a lot of people thinking about not just slavery,
but about learning about their own family history.
People of all are.
Yeah.
Yeah, but it was a mini-series.
Are we going to put mini-series...
See, the thing here are 50 greatest shows of all time.
I don't think you can really put a mini-series on her, can you?
Well, it's your list.
You can do what you want.
Then that's a good point.
We'll take it under consideration under advisement.
Thank you very much.
Thanks a lot.
Alex Saily.
Remember the day I interviewed him on KET?
There's another name dropping job.
That's when he was alive.
Isn't he dead?
Alex Saily?
I think he is, yes.
Yeah, he's dead.
He was a good guy, Alex Saily.
Let's see, family.
Did we put family on there because you gave me a big argument about that?
And say to Thompson, that was your name.
It just came to me.
Got a Maya G.
And you know why it just came to me?
Because...
No, but you know something.
It didn't register.
In other words, I saw it out of the corner of my eye.
And it didn't...
Man, am I sneaky or what?
Yeah, say to Thompson, what a genius.
It's right there in front of you, asshole.
You're not full of us.
You're not full of us.
We know you're feeble and old.
And you got Alzheimer's, okay?
Well, it's the way it goes.
Got a big game tonight.
Okay, we're under a lot of pressure here in Toronto, under a lot of stress.
So just calm down.
Everybody stay calm like we are, okay?
We're bringing Daryl Sittler back and boy us all,
and we'll just suit them up for the game.
We did not.
Maybe Matt put family on there.
Well, why not?
I don't know.
That was not good.
It's not going to get any votes.
No.
You think?
No.
Joke votes, crank votes.
If we talk about it enough?
Well, see if you see.
You start that now.
So now we can't put it on there.
Schmuck.
I think Moe had a point about you.
You know what I think he had you fingered.
Let's see.
Here's one that says,
the following are few shows that may or may not be considered by TV Guide for the,
let's see, who I five oh, we got it.
Honeymooners is on there.
Honeymooners.
See, I should probably read that whole list again, but that would be boring.
Honeymooners is number three on the TV Guide list.
Barnaby bones.
Hey, Barnaby Jones always gets his man is what I hear.
And it's not on there.
Come on, just the roll time say.
Huh?
Just the roll time say, which would give me an excuse to play that theme again that I just,
that I love that everybody else hates.
I don't know why.
Oh, yeah.
Man.
The best.
Are you going to stop it at Bill Ross's crap again?
No, at least not.
But how's he doing Bill Ross?
Oh.
You know who I wonder if he still alive.
Remember Dick Fennel on Channel 4?
Maybe that's before you came here.
Must be.
I don't know who that is.
On the original Channel 4.
Bob Weaver and Dick Fennel were the weatherman.
When Ralph Redneck was doing the news on Channel 4, the original one.
Okay.
You know Bob Weaver, of course.
My good close personal friend Bob Weaver, who's ballooned up a little bit, but having we all.
But Dick Fennel, in fact, he used to do a lot of production for Channel 4.
He was kind of like the voice of Channel 4.
Like Bill Ross was a Channel 7.
Please don't tell me that Dick Fennel is gunned.
They named a seed after him.
And they also named it because he was a weather guy.
A real meteorologist.
They named it a cloud after him.
Have you ever seen when we have tornadoes in the area of those fennel clouds?
Was that where that comes from?
Yes, Dick Fennel.
You don't, do you have no idea who that is?
Nope.
Well somebody will inform us whether he's still dead or alive.
Dick Fennel.
Good guy.
It was pretty good.
It was okay.
The honeymooners is on there.
Barnaby bones.
So what did we decide about that?
Green acres.
Nope.
Then let me help all these we put on here.
Oh, it says Neil.
We love you.
Show tell George to hang in there.
He doesn't like that term hang these days.
He don't mind being hung.
He doesn't like that term hang.
Not a good word to use.
Not a good choice of words.
But thank you.
26 after 11 at 560 WQM.
Tom Laman loves Neil Rogers.
Listen to his even loves George.
That's why he's created the Neil Deal at Hal at Pontiac.
Save big bucks and all Pontiacs and GM seasons stock.
Right now as I speak, all you have to do is tell Tom and a gang down there at Hal at that.
You heard this spot right here on the world famous Neil Rogers show.
Stop by Hal at Pontiac GMC at 134.01 South Dixie highway.
That's on US one right across from the falls where they've been doing it right for over 35 years.
In that same great location.
Right now every vehicle on the lot is marked with the lowest price in the world.
But if you mentioned the Neil Rogers deal, you'll save even more.
Which means it isn't really the lowest yet until they mention my name.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy voted by Motor Trend is the SUV of the year.
And take a peek at that brand new all.
What did I just say?
All new vibe SUV.
I thought that's what I said vibes got the power of a sports car at a fraction of the price.
Hal it's also got a great selection of pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs too.
And if you've been turned down for credit by some goof.
Oh you know what they said in all and justice for all?
No what.
When a judge was telling the guy that the diabetes has nothing to do with compulsive swearing.
He said the judge Jack ordinances I never heard of that before.
And he said that's because you were a douchebag.
Remember that line?
Yes.
And if you've been turned down for credit by some douchebag dealership, no problem.
And how they'll get you deal somehow.
So get a Neil Rogers deal right now at Halit Pontiac GMC.
134 Horn, South Fixie Highway.
On US 1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
Or give them a call and ask them what it's all about.
Call 305-238-4040.
That's 305-238-4040.
And Halit Pontiac GMC where they definitely.
217-Koma.
Hey, Kohlberg.
We days at 3 on sports radio 560-UAM.
WQM.
Go fuck yourself.
I was a pretty happy kid.
I suppose it was 1978 when I first saw him.
Darth Vader.
I became obsessed.
I started breathing heavy.
I took voice lessons.
I did evil things to innocent people.
And I couldn't quit.
I knew I needed help.
So I called Dark Side Anonymous.
And they were able to help me.
I took off the plastic helmet thing and the big cape.
And I started to be a normal person.
I talked to my normal voice.
I didn't breathe heavily anymore.
I stopped hurting people.
If you're obsessed with the Dark Side there's help.
Call Dark Side Anonymous today.
Call 188-08.
The Light.
Rickdom.
It's 1132-560-WQM.
Join us on the Dark Side folks.
That's what we are.
We're the Dark Side of your radio.
Anyway, Niels Fabren.
How can I have forgotten about...
Blossom.
How could you?
And tell us your name.
What was his name? His name.
Her boyfriend. Don't you remember we went through that whole business?
I was obsessed with Blossom's boyfriend. Boy, how quick you forget. I never lost my silly obsessions
Blossom she was grotesque man. She was
Ugly she was nasty looking so laymoon fry and also punky Bruce. Wait. No, that was pretty
Bruce. Sorry. I always got those confused. Yeah, well punky Bruce does on this fast
I don't think we're gonna put either monitor but maybe somebody remembers his name his name was David something
Oh, and you know what he was in that movie about the
The sale boat the big sale boat white something or other white squirt squirt
It was called white. You know the long talking about that might have been at whites remember somebody sent me the video and it was very
disappointing
Very disappointing because in a movie he was like naked most of them were pretty close to it
And he was like a little scrawny boy, which I'm not in little boys
I leave them for the priest, but he was very disappointing David whatever his name was and it was not David Charvay
Okay, give me a break. Here's the suggestion. How about
Here we come
The
Only me
See he's got a that old j's got a muscle in on everything, you know what
Monkeys has got to be honored doesn't it was a very innovative very avant-garde very
Huh, it was cute
No, seriously, it was a very innovative show and when NBC did their 75th anniversary we could go yesterday
They were Sunday whatever the hell was they did a lot of stuff on that for like at least 30 seconds and David Jones was on a show
Boy, oh you think you think you've seen people that look bad. Oh, wow
He makes me do's and other shows from time to time somebody touched that child with the eugly stick that just
Terminal not that he ever looked all that good in the first place but compared to the other guys by the way Peter
Yes, Joey Lawrence
That's what no no Joey Lawrence was non blossom was he yeah, oh, yeah, no he he was the brother I think wasn't he
Donnie Russo whoever that is Ted was no no no who Ted was no plate Nick
Joey now you're you're looking in the book he's online I'm online
I'm blossoming you haven't found her boyfriend's name yet
Joey Joey Lawrence played her brother brother. Yeah, okay, right
Come on, let's hear it
He's looking I can go down the list. I lean bram and Richard Moussour. Yeah, I think he was I lean Brennan
Barry young fella no, what's the different young fellow?
He's not listed well, I'll be I'll be just kick right in the old fat ass, you know it that that's a
We'll find out before the day is out. Did we decide to put the monkeys down or not? Yes, we did I got it down there now man
That's number 50 get with it the freaking monkeys
I heard them hockin a Chinese this morning on a Mosho about the American bandstand ought to be on there. I don't agree with that
I mean it was a very big show and it was very popular and it was on for a hundred years
But you think that that's one of the top 50 shows of all time no
But you see now you're just being a prick
Plus I don't have the theme from it anyway
See there goes George again just being argumentative just because Moussa the American bandstand now we don't agree with that
We agree with Milton Borrel wholeheartedly, but American bandstand no now did somebody did we already put it on there did somebody mention this I think so
It's on there number 42
Oh, it's 42 on the Jeff
No one are
What do you mean on ours we threw that on there? I
Number your numbering me just don't start to make me your numbers would I you know
You never worry about my numbers it's on there and I'll on okay, it's on there. Well, I just wanted a chance to play
Seems to me like we just got through doing this like five minutes ago. I don't know but hey
It's timely now. There was a show on last night and like I said Hank and Mo
They they milked his for all it's worth and why the hell not us, huh? It's like a free pass. It's like a free day
Which we could use a free day although I do have this story which you might be interested in I'm sure that McGill will be
Sitting up very erect in a seat when he hears this
Alien case figure assass craft to investigate the INS all right
One of the central figures in the alien Gonzalez case is asking US Attorney General John
Asscroft to investigate whether high-ranking INS officials ordered internal documents on the case destroyed
Armando Gutierrez obnoxious disgusting fat pudwacker a goofball
Armando Gutierrez former spokesman for aliens Miami relatives submitted his request to letter address to asscroft to a local
US Attorney's office yesterday
Gutierrez wants asscroft to investigate whether Doris Meisner chief of the INS during the Cuban voice custody battle
Or did the destruction of case documents in other words?
He just doesn't want to let it go. He's hanging on for dear life. Let it go armando goofball a
Copy of an internal INS email memo on the alien case made public last month contains a handwritten note by the memo's author
INS attorney Rebecca Sanchez Ruiig saying that Meisner ordered all other copies of the memo to be destroyed
It also said Meisner ordered that no more discussions related to aliens case be put in writing good go and Doris nice good thought
The copy of the memo was released by a judicial watch that right wing obnoxious fascist Washington based conservative watchdog group
The copy surfaced in a civil service hearing on an IAS special agent is made claims of
Anti-Cuban American bias at the IAS headquarters in Miami right
Meisner said she doesn't be called ordering a specific document destroyed by acknowledged a policy that no notes be taken or memos disseminated
About the boys case because of the sensitivity of the issue
Messages left with the justice department of the office of Inspector General which good year was also copied and letter were not
Immediately returned on Monday
An epidemic of that going around in every story nobody's calling nobody except us
They're calling us because they got a lot of good suggestions WQA him. Hello. Yeah, sir. How you doing?
George made a big mistake in one of the shows this morning. Uh-oh. He called the defenders. He was thinking of the Avengers. We already caught that. He got that. Okay. We got him straight now
Oh, sorry about that. Um, one other thing
How come you can't keep attacking mo because he deserves to be attacked?
Well, so we're supposed to be having a truth now because you can't handle it. That's all the answer to your question
You can't take it. It's amazing. Yeah, he's never
He can't take
Go ahead. I was gonna say he never would say it. You could predict in advance what he's gonna say on any issue
Yeah, he would never take a controversial stand. He has to get along with everybody. I I wish you could attack him all the time
Okay, I'll start tomorrow
Now we got a little truest going on now because he got a little bit carried away that one day would
Pull it in the head stuff and we just decided that you know everybody's getting a little bit emotional there
We wanted to keep George's job which keeps through getting thrown back in my face
So you know trying to keep George and you know and everybody in line trying to make trying to be because what a who said it
Blessed are the beloved are the peacemakers?
Somebody said it. I think Jesus
No, no who said that in now one of those movies were always quoting
Blessed are the peacemakers. Oh, what's his name? Hyman Roth said that didn't he? Oh, I don't remember that one
And Godfather three when they were having the meeting in Satchilia there toward the end
I'm trying to block that movie out of Hyman Roth
It was what's his name the other old guy who said the blessed are the peacemakers when he introduced Andy Garcia to a Tomas look
Easy before they killed him in the eye glasses
One of the bodyguards maybe no the old who the hell played the the role in there the Eli Wallach
Oh before he ate the canolies at the the opera. Yeah, don't know the piece
Your mind is just you it's going from the rest of the night one time Godfather three
Well, you gotta get with the minister you got a lot of you wings to go before you catch up with what you should be watching was not horrible
You just you guys didn't like it because it was all your Catholic brainwashing which you claim to be
Oh, you just could not like about it. What are you talking about? Yeah, Catholic fashion?
Well, crap you sure do you but I'm gonna call it Catholic League about you
Oh, you think you got Mo on your back way to lay went to William Donney who or whatever's name you know Phil Donney
You gets on your back
19 to infect you'll be like George Michael you'll be running around with that same monkey on your back
19 to noon at five sixty WQM
Here's a simple question for you if somebody offered to give you several thousand dollars over the next few years when you accept it
It will be stupid not to do it which makes it really stupid to pass up a chance to refinance or buy home at just 3.95 percent
Here's the deal. There's a Fannie Mae program out there 3.95 percent for both refinancing and purchasing of homes
Think about it just 3.95 percent and all you got to do is call financial group at
1 800 940 53 63
1 800 940 53 63 to be more specific
You can get yourself a hundred grand with payments to just 475 bucks a month or borrow 200 grand with payments of only
950 dollars a month you'll save yourself a Schmidt load of cash
It'd be downright stupid to pass up a chance like that
So do the math and then do the smart thing get the details by calling financial group with absolutely no obligation
They'll answer your questions to tell you exactly how this works call 1 800 940 land
That's 1 800 940 53 63 equal housing lender
Quetta restrictions do apply and rates of subject
Man confesses the shooting priest who molested him that's there's shown on CNN right now
It was involved in some controversy had admitted to having a homosexual
Affair with a teenage boy some years ago. It was removed from the church that he was leaving
So once again Baltimore police are saying that a 26 year old man has come forward and confessed shooting the that priest father Maurice Blackwell in
Baltimore. How do you like that CNN's on top of it? Hey, it's Howard Howard David
They changed the name to Ellie on heart
Jack need a star and then a part your car
It's all about how important you feel as a rest of the country thinks it's no big deal for a thousand or a month
Are down the alien
They're
Sucks they now call a Leon
Okay, I don't like the rest of this I'm killing it. I can't stand the last part where
they're right. I know you know that stuff that Boca Brown was doing there when he became
obsessed. Yes. You know what I'm talking about? I know what you're talking about. The
part where they go. Coca-Cola. Like that. Anyway, it's not only was that judge sitting on
a ledge that's what's his name, the character record that I mentioned before 100 times
now I can't think of his name. Sitting on a ledge in the building way he used lunch, he
also takes Puccino. That's why that's why I tuned in last night. They weren't a helicopter
ride and a helicopter didn't quite make it and goes past the failsafe limit with regard
to the amount of fuel he has to get back and they land in the lake. That's just why I
turned it on and came in the middle of the scene so to speak. The best scene was when
the same judge during the trial was in the bathroom stall. But yeah, I didn't see that
with a shot with a shotgun in his mouth and somebody comes in and disrupts him and he comes
out choking because he has the barrel halfway down his throat. You had to be there, okay?
You know that scene? I remember it. Oh God. He's sitting on the can and he's got the
shotgun halfway down his throat. What the message in the movie is the legal system is
a little bit screwed up because the message that they're trying to convey. Yeah. Oh God.
I almost forgot about that. Oh no. Oh, I got some bad news from our facts machine.
It died. Last I heard Dick Fennel passed and died to one of the good guys. Oh, this is
from Buckebrain. We're just attacked. Also dead. Del Frank and Prescott Robinson.
Remember, Del Frank used to be on Channel 4 news. He was a great newsman. In fact,
it seems to me I once had him on a show. Del Frank. He was an outstanding newsman on WS News.
I had him on. I believe once upon a time. God, he was good. And Prescott Robinson,
of course, used to work at WS News as one of our main news anchor him and Steve Daley.
And Tom Schaefer. You know what about Tom Schaefer? He's also dead. Boy, sure a lot of dead news people running around.
You know what? I'm the loose. So thanks for the bad news about Dick Fennel, Buckebrain. You are depressing.
Man, at least consistent though, but very depressing. Here's the facts from Ira who wants to know
his Twilight Zone on the list. It's number 26 on the TV. A guide list. He says it should be on
there and you are right. You are correct. How about outer limits? Why is that not on there? I give up.
Why? I'm not saying don't put it on the list, but that was pretty damn good. Some pretty heavy duty stuff.
By the way, I'm very lasting stuff that's still pretty interesting. Anyway, here's speaking of
interesting. Another one of these parishioners in the city of Sto, Ohio, learned that their
priests is on administrative leave. The reason a past allegation of sexual involvement with the
minor news channel five reported. I'm assuming that's like Cleveland or somewhere.
It's hard for parishioners and holy family parish to talk about it. The whole thing is just
it flabbergast. May I can't imagine a priest that you trust doing anything to children.
Shirley Skolvanko said, Reverend Joe Lieberth 60 passed her the holy family parish is accused
of past allegations of sexual abuse of a minor. Holy family is the second largest parish in summit
county. I don't know where that is. Anybody know about Ohio? No. Because I think Cleveland's
Kyohoga County. I don't know where summer county is. About 3000 families come to pray in more
than 700 children attend school at the parish. W. E. W. S. reported. Wherever that is. Somewhere in
Ohio. Ask Mandage or that's where he's on the way to Ireland. Ask him. He's the Ohio boy.
CNN would still can't get it on their website about the suppressed Maurice Blackwell that just got shot.
But one of his former molesties, but they do get this on their website. Jimmy Kimmel lands late
night slot at ABC. Let's hear it. And you want to know why that's good news? Why? Because that
means that Bill Maher and the politically correct. Yeah. Politically incorrect is off the air. Good.
ABC because he's an asshole and it's a terrible terrible show. The whole concept of that show.
You know what it is? The concept of that show? I have one word for it. Yeah.
Stupid. ABC is in comic Jimmy Kimmel. The man showed a host of new post-night
line late night talker effectively killing the Bill Maher hosted politically incorrect varieties
reporting today. Variety magazine says it. It's got to be true. The half hour show will bow in
January with most likely in conjunction with ABC's broadcast of the Super Bowl. Kimmel be on hand
Wednesday when ABC unveils its new line advertisers in New York. Nightline anchor Ted Coppels also
expected to appear on stage at New Amsterdam Theater as ABC execs attempt to put behind them.
The controversy that erupted from the net were spared effort to replace the veteran newsman
with CBS mainstay David Letterman. Details of Kimmel's is yet on on title talk or
are still sketchy. Though it's expected to be heavy on comedy with some celebrity guests.
Jack hole industries. That's the name of it. How do you like? I'm surprised they don't call it
Jack ball industries. Jack hole industries which is probably a you know close cousin of
asshole industries. The production banner Kimmel runs with on man show co-host Adam Corolla
and Daniel Kellison will likely be involved. Do you understand what that just said? I mean,
I read it just the way I don't understand it. Kimmel's hiring by ABC will mark the end of the
man show. They test us. They're on sole comedy central laugh hour that he hosts. It'll continue
to air original episodes for several more months with Kimmel completing production on his final
cycle of 24 episodes and it goes on at great length. By the way, I'm going to be watching it anyway.
Who the hell stays up to one o'clock at a morning while I watch some stupid as TV show?
Right. Tom Yox co-heads. David Lashers the name you were looking for.
Thank you Miguel. Oh, I just had a pain in my groin.
I'm a problem with David Lashers. He like he just he like you know he evolved to a certain point
and he's just like kind of like Robbie Benson you know his development was like frozen in time
it was like stilted. Do you know what I'm saying? Yes. And he never changed the name of a matured
beyond that. He never got like any flesh on his bones and became like a you know a fine young man
like what's his name? Iron Eagle what tells his name? They played the godfather thing later on the
Amoff you think on CBS? Jason get Rick. You better catch up with this because you're not on top of it man
Well, I was thinking Luke, I said junior but I'm sure that's not who you were thinking of.
We'll see that was that the spartan I was in a hip-ghosted junior and Iron Eagle. Yeah, that was a
Chappy that's right Chappy and I understand that uh Jason get Rick was a little chappy after
that movie was filmed but that's another story for another day boys and girls how come we never saw him naked?
Bad move Jason bad move FBI and I already had this story much longer and more I guess not longer
since you faxed me a hundred pages of this. The child molestation case against now Wabian leader
now what is New Wabian? I won't get to that what it is. Uh New Wabian leader Dwight York Estonian
yesterday in state and federal court in Eatonton. Where the oh that's like an Atlanta somewhere
in Eatonton a Putnam County grand jury issued a 116 counted diamond of the 56-year-old leader of the
United now Wabian nation of Moors a quasi-religious group whose 150 to 200 members live in a rural
compound that features huge pyramids and a large gate covered with hieroglyphics. York was
charged with 74 counts of child molestation 29 counts of aggravated child molestation and
related charges including one count of rape. Oy! In Macon an FBI agent testified at a bond hearing
US District Court that authorities have identified as many as 35 victims whose age at the time of the
18. Another good religious guy mandy now Wabians huh? Why they relate to the Wasabians I think so.
Okay here's some more lists. These people are probably getting pretty impatient. That's okay we
got an hour to go just relax. Now how are we going to do this when it comes to be at the end of the
hour? The end of next hour. I don't know. I'll fax it. You'll fax it to Eric right? And then but I'm
talking about compiling lists. You got those 17 each of the three days will take 17 or 17, 17,
and then 16 last day to make 50. We can't we can't make 50 divisible by three even though we
would like to. And then we'll put on a bunch of our own on there and we'll pit them off them.
We'll have a runoff. So we end of the week since we have 50 already you want me to just send
this to him now? Yeah let's cut it off right now we do apologies to people on the phones
that I can take this stupid thing off my head. I'm going to have to get some of those real
lightweight send hizers you know the ones I'm talking about. I do. I got some cheap lightweight
ones that work just great except for like I've got to use just killing me. I do not go for the
headphones but I really can't hear here you were to call us all that well but quite frankly who
wants to hear you anyway. No seriously I just have to take that off I can't work for the whole four
hours it's too heavy duty you know as opposed to howdy duty. Can you can you believe they land
now seriously I know that's before your time but seriously stop and think about this these are
people who are supposed to know about television TV guide I mean it's supposed to be their business
and they leave off howdy freaking duty man. How do you think how do you think if you were still
alive today? How do you think Buffalo Bob would feel about a thing like that? I snub like that.
Well that makes us feel like duty. Exactly howdy suds 1156 at 560 WQM the weather started to get
really a man oppressively hot again. Summer storms are on a way into possibility of hurricane
soon follows so get prepared for a major storm and discover what thousands of people that
want to protect their homes do the smart thing call all weather systems all weather systems has been
in business for over 15 years there are state license FEMA project impact contractor all other
systems carries the brand new state of the art shutterless impact resistant windows and french
doors no one's tightly rugby shutters to run the look of your home and you'll also have the
convenience of not having to put up heavy plywood or storm panels all other systems offers you
100% on secured bank financing with no payments for 90 days and payments as low as just 69 bucks
a month the impact resistant windows and french doors have insulated glass which saves you energy
reduces outside noises and the non breakable glass helps keep up criminals and burlers too
all weather systems also manufactures a full line of accordion style shutters electric roll-ups
and hurricane panels as well so give all weather systems a call today hurricane season starting
this month save yourself a headache of putting up shutters protect your family root from storms
and crime and keep your house looking beautiful and energy efficient at the same time call all
weather systems toll-free 1 800 728 51 26 that's 1 800 7 to 8 5126 they provide home protected the
highest quality with service reliability and professionalism comparable to none you be sure and tell
that near-warters told you to call all weather systems at 1 800 728
