Who do you think represents the greatest threat to the world today?
And we have two for seven choices. Who do you think represents the greatest threat to the world today?
Iraq, Iran,
Al-Qaeda,
Born again Christians,
Israel,
GW Bush or Mohawar David. I think we also have to put Saudi Arabia on there, oh, sure.
Sure, one of them. Well, that's where 15 to the 19 hijackers came from. I just mentioned that again in passing.
No, seriously, I mean, why don't you go in here? I mean, and knock them off and then they got to help a lot more world in Iraq, don't they?
Right, but there are bushes partners. Oh, that's right. There's a business partner.
As you don't go and attack your partners unless you're highman raw. That's right. Maybe we can get highman raw to take care of it.
Okay, here's the poll again.
Eight choices now. Who do you think represents the greatest threat to the world today? Iraq, Iran,
Al-Qaeda,
Born again Christians, Saudi Arabia, Israel, George W. Bush and Mohawar David.
In fact, I wonder if those dead Palestinians who they would have voted for if we gave them a choice yesterday?
That was that's a disgusting story, which we'll get to eventually, but we got a heavy play today.
Maybe we got more bedtime stories than you can shake your wig at.
Here's a good story to start off. Now feel good story. Station fires DJ for on air prank and hiving cows widow.
Good story. Yes.
Piece of crap.
Phoenix, a disjocke you made an on-air prank call to the widow of St. Louis Cardinals pitcher,
Gerald Kyle, Kyle has been fired. All right. The radio station announced Monday.
KUPD FM, QPED radio, morning radio personality,
bowed to Iran called Flynn, Kyle at her hotel, and asked if she had a date to last Thursday's playoff game,
the stunt outrage St. Louis manager Tony LaRusse and prompted an apology from the Arizona Diamondbacks.
KUPD suspended to ran last week, but an statement released yesterday by the station.
General manager Chuck Artyg, you said the rand had been fired.
The statement also quoted to Randa saying he was truly sorry for having offended Mrs. Kyle
and the Cardinals organization. Kyle is starting pitcher for the Cardinals died from
block coronary arteries in June while in Chicago for a game. Probably the most tasteless
prank isn't even an appropriate word, you know? No. Tasteless disgusting act in the history of the
human race. And like you said yesterday, Opian Anthony, at least sex in a church was funny.
Damn straight. I mean, it wasn't rape because we know rape isn't funny, but it was like voluntary sex,
which we know sometimes can be very funny. Samers used Navy credit cards to hire
prostitutes to be in a sex being funny. That's not allowed. Navy personnel used government
credit cards to hire prostitutes at Brawls by jewelry, gambled on a 10 New York Yankee and LA
Lakers games and fraudulent purchases exceeding $200,000 congressional investigators have found.
Lower paid enlisted personnel earning between 12 and 27,000 were the biggest abusers,
but the Navy itself bears responsibility for a fated amount of the travel card program,
the GAO concluded. The GAO report was prepared for a house hearing today and obtained yesterday
by the A&P and Wegmans will have it for you tomorrow. The study shows the abuse and law
boss. What's the other one I always leave out? I GA. The study shows the abuse is continued
many months after the investigators first publicly reported on problems with and star market. Don't
use the travel cards. From October 2000 to March 2002, the nurse survey found 1180 Navy transactions
with personal items totaling $206,700. I did like that last summer, the GAO found that some
200 Army personnel used the cards to get $38,000 in cash that they spent on lactants and other forms
of entertainment at strip pubs near military bases. What's wrong with that? They have a little
horizontal version there. Otherwise, the Navy reports said there were 80 transactions including
$13,000 plus a tune of ad-a-braw-vils, $199 purchases for $20,800 at two jewelry stores,
$247 transactions totaling almost $29,000 at three adult clubs, by Cheryl Pressure Island
wasn't one of those. 80 gambling transactions for over $34,000 and 72 cruises for $38,000.
$502 purchase of tickets worth $71,000 for our debuts to entertainment events including
Phantom of the Opera, Yankee and Braves Baseball Games and LA Lakers Baseball Games,
and guess what? No more Yankee or Braves games this season. How do you like that, Virginia?
Because there ain't no Santa Claus for those guys anymore, and good, good riddance already.
Get some new blood in there. I'm sure you must have watched that last night. What?
Oh, and that's why I played the Britney thing because we were watching
Georgia's down there and now up here we're like doing dual channel surfing this morning before the show.
And what's his name? Matt Lauer there with that chemotherapy here.
Matt Lauer had three chicks on there. One of whom was Britney. I don't know who the other two were.
Some of the other ones were here. And then they... I don't know who the sparkly one.
The other one was Shakira with the bad hair? The blonde, yeah. No. Yeah.
Get out of town. That was my friend Shakira. Well why didn't you tell me that?
I just had to recognize that there's a machine of combo when they were pulling...
She don't usually have that frizzy hair that Chelsea Clinton hairdo. That's her look now.
But anyway, so that's a good combination because she can sing and Britney looks good.
I'll tell you anybody can see whatever they want about Britney. She looked pristine this morning.
Even old fag like me I must confess that it brings a lump to my throat when I saw her on her.
She's about as perfect looking as anything can be. Yeah. Oh brother.
In fact, I just conjured up that image of her into Tom Brady doing it. Although Tom is doing pretty good
for himself. He's a shacked up with... Who is it? Oh Tara Reed. Tara Reed. Yeah.
Moves in with Super Bowl Hunter. Well done. Well done.
I'll show you later on from the inquirer. Got a full plate like I said.
Heavy duty man. Heavy duty will be crapping your brains out. But don't let that beast on the
air again. Whatever you do. Okay. Maybe for the updates it might be okay but not on my show when
I'm in the building because I can't stand seeing that little prick. He consorts with those morning
scumbags. Not those midday scumbags. No actually he did consert with the morning scumbags.
Maybe we ought to put him on the outs too. 913 at 560 WDQAM. Hey you ought to be
concerned with our good friends and dollar-matters and they'll hook you up with the best
mattress you've ever put your ass on. I guarantee that. If the old mattress just isn't
doing it for you anymore if it's worn out and believe me they don't last forever.
And how do you tell? When your back doesn't feel right when you get up in the morning and you
know you haven't had a good night's sleep. That's a real good indicator that your old mattress
is finito. So pick up your phone to get a new one. The smart way from dollar-matters
called 1-800-Mattress and they give you such a great deal all the way around. Unbeatable prices.
Unbeatable selection from the top manufacturers in the world. Suridous, Seely, Simmons, King Coil.
And absolutely unbeatable delivery service when you want them to be there. Seven days a week you
pick today and you pick the two-hour window when it's convenient for you when you're going to be
there and they'll be there. 10 to noon, 11 to 1, etc. And that 30-day home-covered guarantee
lets you test out the new mattress by sleeping and doing your thing on it for up to a month.
So if you want a great new mattress and get a great night's sleep night after night call at
dollar-matters number right now which is what I always do. 1-800-Mattress, 1-800-Mattress,
R-E-S or check them out on the Wicked World Wide Web at macriss.com.
Riki Williams, Riki Williams, and Starr!
I want you to issue a memo that says I want all on-air sports staff to obsess over Riki Williams.
Yes, Mr. Riki. Riki Williams. A blue ribbon effort on the part of Riki Williams.
I think I'm today's shoe. We're going to discuss Riki Williams. Riki Tiki Williams, Starr!
And Riki Williams. Oh man, I got Mike Mickey Williams closer here. I'm looking at it right now.
Oh, I'm on a car gym. Oh, I'm on a car.
Welcome to the WQA online sport that was with Entertainment. It's named after
its specialties, IoT or Mickey Williams. I never asked another man for a date before,
but I offer my head of sexuality up to the state-real through sports. I still don't know who you'll
know. I'm not a car, but I feel your name dropped so often. I ask you to kill me.
Since you know I'm so cold. Riki Williams, Riki Williams. All day. All night. Up your ass.
That'd be a great poll question. Maybe we'll do that tomorrow. Who's got a better
match today? I was wrong on a Buffalo score. I think I said 49.35. I was 49.31.
And you're giving me a song and an answer. I took that field goal. I was 52. 52.
Yeah, I thought it was the information this week. I don't know.
Yeah, you're really spewing it forth. I'll tell you that. You better watch out because you
could be Beast Jr. if you don't watch yourself. Let's see. What are we doing? Alcat is QEDA.
So don't pay attention to Carlos because he's illiterate. He's kind of like Chief Moose there
in Maryland. I don't want to say he's illiterate. What are you laughing about? We were listening
this morning. I don't know. I forget what that word was. He said he put a V in a word and
it's got like a... I don't know. It sounded like he was saying muffin even though he wasn't trying to.
I don't know what he was saying, man, but it wasn't a word I'd be speaking. And if you're going to be
the Chief of Poli, so it would seem to me that being like you don't have to be like a rocket scientist,
but like at least a little bit articulate would be good, but nevertheless. My Emmy and MSNBC,
nice job of getting everybody in a panic yesterday afternoon. They were reporting another
shooting in that area that never really occurred but they were like hyperventilating.
Bapapapa, getting all hysterical. And guess what? I was right. Alan Keys is no longer making sense.
He's off. He's gone. My Emmy man convicted for beating
grilled aneth over sausages. Remember that story? Yes. Well, good news. The My Emmy man was sentenced
to life in prison. All right. After he was convicted yesterday of beating his girlfriend's
two-year-old otter to death for eating his breakfast sausages. I wonder if they were Timmy Deans.
Juvaan Pickett, 22, was convicted of first degree murder and aggravated child abuse for the 1998
beating of Ashley Smithson, who was taken off life's support amount afterward. Circuit Judge
Manuel Crespo sentenced Pickett to a mandatory life sentence without parole. Without parole!
Pickett signed Ashley's head against the wall in a refrigerator when she ate a package of sausages
meant for him, but he said Pickett also allegedly pressed his fist against her stomach to
try to get her to throw up the sausages. I don't want to speculate what the purpose of that was.
Oh, I don't want to go there. If I can't have him, nobody can.
Peslintia Bradley, 27, the girl's mother, pleaded guilty to manslaughter last year with
sentenced to 11 and a half years, prosecuted as she stood by and watched the beating. A murder
charge was dropped in exchange for her testimony against Pickett, no relation to Bobby Boris Pickett
or Wilson Pickett. Maybe that's what they can serve him in jail every day for the rest of his
life is pre-eaten sausages, pre-tested. If Aaron had food like that, I'd been in some restaurants
where I thought that the meal was like pre-tested. U.S. says tanker blasts came from within.
You can just hear that song now. Was it within or without that manfred man thing, you know?
Come on, within or come on without, yeah, was it without?
How frequent. The explosion that punched the hole in a French tanker off the coast of Yemen
appears to have occurred within the ship, a senior U.S. State Department officials had yesterday,
but don't rush to any conclusions because now for whatever reason the stories keep changing every
five minutes. The French said this because they don't want their insured loser insurance and
go bankrupt company and the Yemenis who are too embarrassed by it, they're saying, oh absolutely
that was an accident. And now the U.S. says, oh no chance, no terrorism. The tanker carrying 390
seven thousand barrels of crude oil was set afire by the blast Sunday in the Gulf of Odin,
indication where that was an explosion from inside the vessel the officials said adding that a
variety of sources including French and Yemeni investigators have drawn that conclusion from the
way the vessel looked after the explosion. State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said the
U.S. has offered assistance to the Yemeni and French authorities who are leading the investigation
experts from the Navy after they finish up those strip clubs experts in the Navy are going to
Yemen to help with the investigation he said. I don't see anything wrong with people from the
Navy going to the strip clubs or any of that other stuff. The government makes more money in five
minutes than they'll ever waste their life time. Why not let them have a good time okay?
They're going to better frame a mood especially the enlisted men. How many votes we got on here?
The poll is up by the way we're not wasting any time. Al-Qaeda we got nice going Eric. He got on
that right away. We're on top of things today. 22 votes. The most the hoop represents the great,
we did one similar this couple weeks ago the most dangerous person but this is the person. There are
a couple of persons on there. Who do you think represents the greatest threat to the world today?
George W. Bush six, Fort again Christian six, Saudi Arabia three, Mohawar David three,
House Hager one thing he represents the greatest threat to the beast maybe not to the world.
Iraq two, Al-Qaeda two, and Israel and Iran have none's eight so far. Let's ask the Palestinians
how they feel about them. Speaking of people getting shot off school shooting linked to sniper in fact
there's the old mouseman. Can you clarify you just said we were hopeful that they have no
information this guy holds the news conference every 15 minutes and to tell us that now the deal is
the investigation is moving forward they have no suspect they have no clues they haven't got any
freaking idea who's doing these aberrant things who shoot and everybody and the thing that I don't
understand now call me crazy but you're crazy this business and he's the one that's done he
yesterday the tear running down his cheek did you see that no thank god yeah and he was going
out about well now it's personal because now he's now he's got over the line that he shot a
kid he shot a 13 year old kid and I asked you before the show and maybe somebody out there can
answer nothing we're taking in your dumb and phone calls but I don't understand is a 13 year old
kid's life more valuable than if he was like 18 or 25 or 30 or that 72 year old woman it was
just going shopping and mining your own business I don't get that of course don't you know that the
younger you are the more valuable your life is because you're gonna be more year old. Well that's what the
priest would tell you but I'm not sure that that's necessarily my opinion you know what I'm saying I know
I don't I don't get that you've crossed the line now in other words the other shootings were you know
not too good it was it was not nice meeting them but this crosses that now you've really gone a
little bit too far okay mister now you've really got us pissed off and fired up but we still have no
idea what's all about they got no clue students have scored a class under heavy guard as the dealer
they got the kids going to school and they're all crappin' their pants in the DC area they made a
good point on what's that show an awful show with the Chris Matthews our softball's last night you
made a good point and that is that supposedly you know we're going into a rack and a present
makes a speech last night we're gonna go in there and make the world safe from all the weapons
of mass destruction and in the meantime while people are supposed to be feeling a little better
about that alleged they're in a Washington DC area people are all crappin' in their pants and they're
walking around on eggshells Monday shooting of that 13-year-old boy outside of middle school in
Prince George's County is linked to Washington area snack for a tax last week that left six people
dead and another wounded authority said the projectile why didn't you say to bullet oh because
projectile takes up more space you don't know his many words the projectile is identical to those
that have been recovered from other scenes said Joe real a special agent for the federal bureau
the ATF folks remember the ATF and Waco I bet you Janet or was that Prince George's police chief
Gerald Wilson refused to discuss these snackers possible motive isn't that him that we just had
on there that him Gerald no that's the most man I get them confused what I want is him Wilson said
how does we know it's a him maybe it could be a her with the you know she's a good shot or a dead
or them ATF special agent Michael Schard said it's more troubling that the sniper was now attacking
innocent children the states are raised all of us are taking it more personal mixes more determined
the gloves are off he said so in other words if he would have just stuck with people over the age of 18
of legal age we would you know the gloves would have still been on even if he would have shot up
like about a hundred people in three or four days but now that he got the first kid the gloves are
off I don't know so gratuitously crap authority said to reward for information leading to the
rest connection to killer or killers is risen to 160 grand a hundred thousand from the state
fifty thousand from Montgomery County another ten thousand from the victims rights foundation
the boy gun down Monday was taken to a nearby hospital by his aunt and her son would just drop
them off at school from there he was airlifted to children's national medical center in Washington
where he underwent surgery for a single gunshot that is abdomen he was described in critical but
stable condition on a ventilator doctors removed his spleen in part of his stomach and pancreas
we're happy with how he's doing at this point but we can't anticipate how that might evolve over
the next several hours said the boy surgeon dr martin ikele burger so there you go
and there's a good old chief moose on air again the
moose on air again for a partner's uh, the saying absolutely nothing
what what what like that nothing cuz they know nothing
but they sure still can't say that because that's just that we just don't do that they will be
like saying do we know anything about osama or or more ham and well i need these other things we're
these people are no but we know where suddenly we're going to get them back because we know
where he is we got some idea where he is and of course you'll remember back at the end of
the Gulf War. There was all that talk then about getting rid of him and assassinating him
and all this other stuff. And because first of all there's like about 40 different
osada musans. He's got all these doubles. Oh he does? You didn't know that? No. Oh he's got
he's got I don't know I love 40 but he's got several standins who look like him. So when
things get really tough, that wasn't him. But it's a good start you know. No how do we
even know the real osada? We don't it's like Fumenshu. Exactly. And Fuda you. 927 at 560 WQM. Does
this sound like you overworked underpaid? You're talking a crappy dead end job? Then do yourself
a favor pick up the phone and call the nice people at fast train. They'll be having to answer
your questions and get you out of that rut. Call tool 3-1-866 fast train. The demand for
certified computer professionals has never been better than it is right now and bigger. And
fast train can help you achieve a brand new career in as little as four months. Four short
months the world might so we might still be alive by then. Fast train is soft load as
largest certified Microsoft training center with locations in Pembroke Pines for Lauderdale,
Candle and Miami. Fast train offers convenient day evening weekend classes and they got a
full-time job placement department over 30 years experience. So if you're in that category
we're talking about earlier if you're overworked underpaid, I'd appreciate it stuck in a
really crappy dead end job. Don't wait another second. Pick up the phone and call fast
train. There's no obligation call 1-866 fast train because just stop and think about it
and for sure at once you can be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional
in a real career with greater any potential. So if you want a real career in a real paycheck
take my advice. Pick up that thing and call fast train at 866 fast train. That's 866 fast
train or check them out on the web at fast train dot com.
We're sports radio 565 UAM. At the honey tune yet.
That has really been going away. Find a new way to attack the big old home and eat your
whole homes. Till you explode. Just like your fat fat chugged in ladies. Happy by two
seats on a plane. Spending the fingers that have yellow stain from sea toes. Pinsy or
I had past learned it. She wants to get into your car. Dush or tube that damn wide.
Onkin squeal. Onkin squeal. Onkin squeal. Fat lady. Living with your loverless
being. Slavering and starting the tree between her knees. That's my tail.
East. Most reaching to me. Happen up until the next voice.
That's the thing.
The best of all time. Not too many people would agree with me on that but I think that one is a sleeper.
It does it for me. This is from the financial times Blair warned war to our Saddam illegal.
I noticed that Iran has no vote so far. I just noticed that. Senator Bobby Graham was on the other night tonight.
So go. Said that Iran is far more dangerous than Iraq and that has been a lot more dangerous than al-Qaeda.
That has been a lot more many more cells in this country than al-Qaeda ever will.
And of course Iran of the sponsors of has been on the trainers and so on.
And they're much much more dangerous than quite a Bobby Graham but then you know what has he not.
Tony Blair the UK Prime Minister has been warned by his attorney general that military action against Iraq to force a regime change would breach international law.
The clear advice from Lord Goldsmith and Harry of Haramon, the solicitor general, places the Prime Minister in a potentially impossible position according to legal experts.
The warning explains why the government has been careful to avoid any suggestion in smoke-perry threats or design to force Saddam Hussein out.
Mr. Blair sympathetic to President Bush's threats to act unilaterally against Iraq if the UN disarmament moves failed but.
President Bush's repeated emphasis on regime change reiterated last week when the White House appeared to endorse the assassination of Mr. Hussein will make any concrete UK military support for such U.S. action very difficult.
Mr. Blair last month said Britain will always act in accordance with international law.
The law officers confidential advice to Mr. Blair sets out limited circumstances in which international law could allow military action support for existing UN Security Council resolutions and gives legal backing for action to enforce the fresh resolution under negotiation at the UN but it rules outward which he regime change.
Where the government to breach international law could find itself before the international court of justice facing charges for breaching the UN charter.
The U.S. is on by the way to clean is here in Canada the last few days.
I don't know.
Drop the puck to start a hockey game.
Exactly.
The U.S. is unlikely to be deterred from unilateral action by such constraints.
However, such action with extreme relations with the UK, America's closest ally Mr. Blair would fight a difficult to support the U.S. without splitting his party.
He said column when the party started.
Many of his cabinet members are opposed in private to military action that doesn't have at least not only when backing the law officers advice to strengthen their resolve.
Meanwhile, Jack Straw, UK Foreign Minister on Sunday told the BBC he did not accept that Mr. Blair has received a rubuff from President Bush over the UK's plans for a Middle East peace conference by the end of the year.
Yeah, it looks like peace to me in the Middle East, don't it?
Oh, yeah, it looks like he's almost smelly, can't you?
Or is that just the abotties?
Pieces.
Yeah, pieces in our hand.
Remember, Kissinger once said that pieces in his hand?
Here's some good news, more good news.
Well, I'm sure that the Republicans out there wouldn't think it's good news. Well, guess what? Tough city.
Okay, you stole one. We'll steal one back.
And that's the way it goes. Turn about a spare play or something like that. Who always says that? What's the show? Oh, Hollywood squares.
Tick for tat.
Peter Marshall used to say that. Turn about a spare play. That's the only thing I didn't like when he did the show. Turn about a spare play.
That's a corny expression, Peter. Okay. Cut the crap.
Oh, he sure as hell is a lot better. What's that guy that was on a new Hollywood square? Is what that was his name?
Oh, I'm bird drawn.
Yeah, that's the one. Frog, froggy.
Bergeron, I wonder I didn't like him. Now that I know the name.
The US Supreme Court refused yesterday to intervene in New Jersey's valedictive speed permitting Democrats to replace Senator Robert Torres-Cellay with Frank Lottenberg as the re-assent nominee.
Lottenberg's already way ahead in the polls. He will win. They might meswile call off the election.
Barring any changes that means Lottenberg will be on the November 5th ballot. He'll face Republican Doug Foster, who's got two chances none and much less than none.
That's what it says here right on the CNN website. None and much, much less than none and much, much, much less than none it says.
The New Jersey race is critical to both political parties because Democrats control the US Senate by just one vote.
And Republicans believe that with Torres-Cellay on the ballot they did a good chance of winning that seat.
Torres-Cellay dropped out of the race a week ago because he was falling into the polls and then lingering questions over his ethics, which you couldn't complain about as ethics because he didn't have any.
Republicans had asked the Court to offer ruling New Jersey Supreme Court, which last week approved a request by Democrats to remove Torres-Cellay from the ballot.
And replacing with Lottenberg, who retired from the Senate two years ago.
Meanwhile, attorneys for Forster were going to federal court in Trenton, New Jersey to argue that the Voting Rights Act was violated by these swiss Democratic candidates.
The hearing involves the lawsuit filed by two voters, a US Army doctor Kevin Raleigh and Hawaii, and a man living in Paris, who say they already cast their ballots in the race. They're being represented by Forster's legal team.
Well, guess what? Give them a new ballot. Okay, let them vote again. Okay. Assholes.
Just the way it goes, you know, I mean, it's the way it is. Turn around like I said, is there a play? Isn't that the way they sit? Something like that.
Here's a great article, Common Dreams, News Center, Common Dreams.org, by the way, is the website really, really good stuff on here.
McDermott accuses Bush of plotting to be emperor.
US representative Jim McDermott brought his attack on George W. Bush's war plans yesterday, saying the president is threatening military action in Iraq as part of a plot to crown himself Emperor of America.
I don't think he's too far off, haven't I said that? If it was up to this band of Murray Nazis, we never have another presidential election. I think that's pretty close to true.
Criticized for saying on a trip to Iraq earlier last week that Bush would mislead the American public, McDermott a Senate Democrat was back in his Seattle Democrat rather was back in his district yesterday telling cheering supporters that Bush is planning awarded a strike voters attention from domestic problems.
And I think he is absolutely correct. He said Bush is trying to submarine efforts to restart weapons inspections in Iraq to give me pretext for starting a war.
A war McDermott said is being planned in part to bolster US oil interests. I can't stand anybody dishonest, you know what?
Right. And what we're dealing with right now in this country is whether we're having a kind of bloodless silent coup or not McDermott said at a town hall at the Jefferson Park Community Center on Beacon Hill, the event was sponsored by local Democrats and other groups in his congressional district.
At the heart of the debate, McDermott said is whether Congress or the president has the power to declare war, the president is trying to bring himself all the power to become an emperor to create empire America, he said.
And he warned his supporters if he go along like sheep, that's what will happen. State Republican Party chairman Chris Vance and McDermott's comments about the coup were the most irresponsible thing I've ever heard in American politicians say.
Sometimes politicians like everyone else will bort things out they don't mean kind like Jeff Bush maybe.
Fans said, but it sounds like he's thought about this carefully and really believes that the resolution Congress will vote on next week was negotiated between the White House and congressional leaders of both parties.
The president's not trying to bypass Congress, fans said he's taking his case to Congress.
If President Bush is engaged in a coup, then his co-conspirators are Richard Gibhart and Joe Lieberman, he said referring to their Democratic leaders and both of them are very dangerous, especially that Joe Lieberman.
About 200 people showed up from McDermott's meeting in Vickin Hill community, sending nearly all were supporters.
Outside four or five protesters carried signs of objecting to Sodom Hussein's or rather to McDermott's recent trip to Iraq and his comments about Bush and Sodom Hussein.
Sodom Good Bush Bad, this is Baghdad James Mindon Drugs, said assigned carried by Brandon Swally of Lakewood, I think he should be thrown out, she said.
When McDermott arrived, he was escorted into the hall by Seattle police and followed by a few protesters, one of whom shouted after him, our president is not a liar if you want to say it, say it here but don't go to four or land to say it.
Inside the crowd was heavily in favor of McDermott's view, when opponents took a microphone to talk, they were shouted down and totally get their question in, supporters that were able to talk uninterrupted and gave anti-war speeches.
Oh, kind of like to be the beast, they were just shut up.
Last week McDermott said he may have overstated this case against Bush while in Iraq, but yesterday it was clear he believes there's a pattern of deception within the Bush administration to justify a war.
He said that Bush is using the memory of 9-11 terrorist attacks to fuel a war with Iraq.
One of the dilemmas we've had since 2011 is that this country has been continuously terrorized by the government, McDermott said, every week they announced a new threat.
Today is Code Orange, today is Code Red.
Granted it was an awful day, it was a heinous act, nobody has anything but horror over what happened that day, but the message to draw from that day is not that we should certainly go to war with the whole world, which basically is what the president is saying.
McDermott is convinced that Bush has been on war with the RAC to distract voters attention from a collapsing stock market and other problems at home.
It's the oldest game in a book he said, they found this war very convenient to obscure people's views about what's happening domestically and he is absolutely correct.
Be on the shadow of a doubt.
941 at 560 WDQM, oh no, there isn't Catherine Harris is it?
Wait, what?
Oh, it's that bitch Catherine Harris on CNN.
Oh, I see an enemy.
Oh my god.
Well, she just came on here to try to cover it up.
Good Canadian, do I have a Murray?
Almost as butchers, Jan Arino.
Hey, listen, I'll tell you something, I'll put you up a little bit and it's Oli Omed.
I'm gagging on it, you know what?
Oh yeah.
Must have been seen Catherine Harris and Anne Murray back to back, can handle it.
Oli Omed will put you up a little bit because it's good for you.
Oli Omed is a great new product and more and more people are popping on a daily basis, they're putting it right in their puts and inside that little capsule you find lots of great stuff, including the best olive oil, the purest olive oil that money can buy.
Combined with vitamins, minerals and herbals, they have a separate concoction for different parts of your health.
There's one specifically geared to help your heart, one that control your blood pressure, one for your cholesterol, one for your prostate, for your father, for your circulatory system, for your digestive endocrine system, your skin and bones, even your mind, all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with all those other good things.
Oli Omed helps men and they've got products specifically for women as well.
Pick them up today at Whole Food Markets, Walgreens, Sedano, and Stabarro Pharmacy.
If you want to get more information about these fantastic new products, what they do for you and where you stick it, just call Tool for E1-866 Oli Omed.
That's 1-866 Oli Omed, which you can also order online if you prefer at oliomedamerica.com.
This is for sure when you're bi-septice-dew.
You way, yeah.
Got about it.
Okay, don't like all the hard burns.
Don't don't don't, every time I see.
Don't don't don't, every time I see.
That free card in dimwitch.
Don't don't don't, my TV.
Please, President of the ****.
Republigate muscle in and in our king of it idiot.
I don't know why they would want to survive, but the least here is the first rule to make for you.
With President of the ****.
Oh, what I did to the both ones more and get to be a voted vote.
Oh, why?
If you want this, don't don't don't let the drumming stupid me.
Don't don't don't find this drunk in rich kid.
Don't don't be as even, the number that me.
Please, President of the ****.
You don't care what it's all.
You got a man by hook or roll.
The Chris is right.
Oh, what best you will die of a handsome fear.
Please, got a great leader here.
With President of the ****.
He transpires me, man.
He transpires me, make a quick gift to the bull.
946 and 560 W.
98 votes on the poll rams with bull.
And it's interesting that thing about the Christian right and George W.
And that the song we just played President Dumb Schmidt.
Because George W.
Who represents the biggest threat to the world of the day.
George W.
He's got 29 and Bordigan Christians 28.
So there they are in lockstep and goose step side by side by each.
It was a tough choice for me.
Mohauer David's in third place with 14, which will get back to him in a second.
And this great fact you just sent me.
Al Qaeda 11, now that we spelled it right.
Iraq 6, Saudi Arabia 5.
There they are.
Tigger in a wood pile.
Maybe the Saudis, the Freaking Saudis and the Carlisle Group and the Bush Meisters.
I'm sorry.
Israel 3 and Iran now is 2.
Here's a great fact from George.
That's George with the G.
Not to be confused with George with the J.
Says good morning, Neil.
Hope all is well up there in Paradise.
Yes, I'm the mayor of Paradise.
Is a matter of fact.
Did you know that?
No, I didn't.
Star of State, Sweden and Paradise.
That's one of my favorite ones and all of the things.
But anyway.
Yesterday on the Hair Hat Howard show, Hairpiece himself was poking fun of the head coach at
the University of Maryland basketball coaches physical appearance.
He's a fat slum.
A couple of listeners obviously wouldn't know tongue in cheek from something you get in a
Pakistani delicacy called in a deli that should be, I guess.
Called in a protest Howard's comments.
And here, here hard himself.
Here hard himself said, come on guys, lighten up.
Let me explain this to you.
This is just a radio show.
It's tongue in cheek.
We're just having a little fun.
It's nothing personal.
Now, isn't that ironic?
Come on, who, who?
If that's the way you feel it, why don't you loosen up the bolts on your hair helmet,
while others dare poke fun at you?
Yeah, I heard that hardly hard is out there out today because he's getting his weave change
to Rick and William's red locks.
Beast told me off the ear.
No, Beast didn't pet you off the ear.
I'll be getting his ass in deep trouble again.
Okay?
That's a big ash and it's getting pretty deep.
He did it very fast.
He's a little fast George.
Huh?
I guess there are no Pakistani delis.
I guess delicacy was the right word.
I don't know what he's saying, but it's very amusing to me.
And it's an excellent point.
Because he's been doing that for months now.
He's been doing a lot of that.
He'll rip somebody and ass and call him some horrendous, dispiraging, disgusting pig stuff.
Which is fine.
Okay?
It's a radio show.
But if somebody, you know, in other words, you can make all the fun.
You want it very everybody else, but don't be poking or fun at me because I'm the, you know,
it's a horse and bottle shooter and paradise.
Whatever it is.
What does he?
Yeah, we know what he is.
So anyway, he's got 16 votes.
He's doing relatively well.
He's in third place.
Third, more dangerous force in the world today.
And wait till those numbers come out in a couple of weeks.
I think a lot of people might agree.
I don't know.
Maybe he'll get a number.
I have no idea.
Well, he'll get some number.
You know, everybody gets a number.
Sometimes it has a, in front of it, but he'll have a number.
And then of course, if he does have a bad number, Jim Sonier writes him
cars to things again, but always very cleverly disguised, very thinly veiled shots.
You know, because we don't have anybody with any balls there, writes any stuff.
And Tom Jicke, I noticed now since I've ripped him and asked for being a lazy slop.
He writes 14 columns today, but it's always on the new TV shows.
You know, he hasn't written one thing about radio in about 20 years now.
And it's all he writes about every stinking day.
Although we did write a good piece about that PBS special at Frontline thing,
which I'm sure that nobody out there watched.
Okay, I do my best.
You can lead a horse to your TV set to the remote control, but you can't make him click it.
Right? Right.
Christen University in North Carolina suffers turmoil over grade tampering.
Oh!
This must be a misprint.
It's in the Boston Globe, though.
What do you know how anti-religion they've become?
Voyling Spring, North Carolina.
A university cheating scandal that triggered noisy protest and angry resignations has erupted on a campus
few might expect.
A small back to school that prides itself on its Christian roots.
And one thing we know about real good Christians is they don't lie to us.
No.
Gardner Web University has been in world and controversy ever since the school's president admitted he wrote a memo two years ago,
ordering a start basketball players GPA to be calculated without an F he received for cheating and of all things a religion class.
Without the change Carlos Web would have been ineligible in 2000-2001,
the season Gardner Web won the National Christian College Athletic Association Championship,
and up until this moment until I read this story earlier, up until this day I never knew there was such a thing as the
National Christian College Athletic Association Championships.
Did you?
Did I?
This is the NCCAA, not just your regular ordinary pedestrian NCCAA,
which is for like just your pedestrian goyam, this is for professional goyam.
The schools trust these are from Christopher White's presidency after it's in our meeting September 27th,
though they demoted a pair of administrators who had criticized White's actions.
Three faculty members reside as a result since last Wednesday,
students have protested White's leadership and trust these actions outside an entrance to the campus in the town of
3900 about 50 miles west of Charlotte.
You want to know where it is, Borling Springs?
There it is.
50 miles west of Charlotte, baby.
I know as Christians were supposed to forgive said Patrick Woody,
or I sure hope we don't have one, president of the student government,
with forgiveness and mercy comes responsibility and with responsibility is supposed to come justice,
and I don't think any justice has come from this.
And of course you know where we go for justice, don't you?
I do.
There's only one place you go for justice to see...
Don Coyom!
That's right.
Exactly.
I'll get that off of there and get that pot back on.
Thank you.
Well, you know sometimes I forget about that.
The controversy begins September 10th, a daywide admitted at a faculty meeting that he ordered that an F-grade
not be figured into the grain poet grade point average of Webb.
Opponents say White's actions and the trust these faded uponish and violates the spirit of Gardner Webb's honor code.
The president's backers, including the chairman of the Board of Trustees,
say they're convinced White did not violate the letter of any school rules
and that he acted in the spirit of fairness toward Webb,
who have been incorrectly advised to get the effort moved from his GPA by retaking the class.
Well guess what, baby?
You lose.
Well, we change your mind, you win.
White 58 is an ordained Baptist minister and has been president of Gardner Webb for more than 16 years.
Gardner Webb's graduate divinity school is named for him.
About a dozen students picketed last week of the main entrance to the campus in downtown boarding springs,
and the far worse than portion of the state near South Carolina line.
One sign paraphrase Sophocles, rather failed without it and succeed with fraud.
Other signs urge drivers to honk if they supported the protesters.
If he's humbled that all he should resign since student Ashley worked,
well I wonder if he's keen to work done or de-en-work.
I'll see, I'm psychic.
More than that bitch.
If she was so psychic she wouldn't have had that weed with her at the airport.
I'm telling you right now she knows she's going to get caught.
The university is basically split now.
It's founded on Christian ethics, but he's lied.
He's cheated.
I don't think we're at a heal with him in here.
We're not going to heal, baby.
Go see Ernest Angel if you want to heal.
Look, put his hand on your forehead.
Or go see Benny Hinhanna.
Go see that figure.
He'll just tap you on the head and you'll fall over like you got hit by a ton of bricks.
For the right price.
Oh, here in the Supreme Court of course was meeting yesterday.
They started their new meat and all kinds of stuff.
We got all kinds of Supreme Court stores.
Including that one they said they had a tourist cell.
A lot of birthing in New Jersey.
We're not going to hear it because it would look too bad.
The word is anthin and scaly.
It was frothing at the mouth.
They had to put him in restraints like Hannibal Lecter.
They held him back and they said,
now we're not getting involved in that one.
One thing to get fixed, the presidential thing.
But give me the Senate too.
We're not too sure about that.
Stars tattoo appeal rejected by the Supreme Court.
You remember Good old Kenny Star?
A famous penis skate that famous pornographer?
The US Supreme Court rejected yesterday in appeal arguing that free speech rights covering tattooing in the case of a tattoo artist who was fine for demonstrating his craft on TV.
In a state where tattooing is effectively illegal, they rejected the appeal.
Can you follow that?
No.
Well, we'll move on.
Without any comment, the justice is refused to hear an appeal by Ronald White, who's believed to be the only person who never arrested in more than the 35 years that South Carolina is effectively banned tattooing.
Right next door, they're right across the border. They got lion Christians.
Basketball players cheating on their religion class and right across the border back in South Carolina, we got people trying to get tattooed.
White's lawyer, former independent council Kenny Star, who knows a lot about getting screwed in tattooed.
Pulled the justices that tattooing represented an 8,000 year old art form in toddler protection of the first member of the US Constitution.
So in other words, according to Kenny Star, blow jobs bad. Tattoo is good.
All right.
I was kind of thinking it was the other way around.
I'm glad I got straightened out.
Well, they both involve the prick.
Star, who has special prosecutor, I'll just pretend I didn't hear that.
Star, who has special prosecutor investigating the President of Wilkinton and the Monica Winski sex scandal in blow job gate, challenged a South Carolina Supreme Court ruling that upheld the state's ban on tattoo artistry.
In a free society, this is intolerably said, in a society that protects liquor advertising and pornography.
It is inexplicable.
Art deserves protect his art said star, who has returned to his private law practice.
Simply put, the South Carolina Supreme Court's decision is at war with artistic freedom.
He wrote arguing that tattooing involved artistic expression, even though it usually looks like crap.
White, while in his house in 1999 drew a spiritual tattoo, a creative adaptation of ancient tribal tattoo that signifies the onset of adulthood on the arm of another man.
Oh, a local South Carolina TV station showed white doing the tattoo as part of a story on tattooing after the show aired.
He was arrested for violating the 1966 state law, which makes it a crime to tattoo another person.
At trial, white admittedly violated the law, but argued it was unconstitutionally, was found guilty, sentenced to five years probation and fined 500 bucks.
Oklahoma's the only other state to ban tattooing. Oklahoma.
Star said tattooing, which became popular in the US more than quarter century, goes undergone a renaissance in the past three decades.
He said it's recovered from a scare in the early 1960s when a hepatitis outbreak in New York was thought to have been caused by a dirty tattoo parlor on Coney Island.
But I'd rather have a dirty tattoo parlor and dirty hot dogs on Coney Island.
Have you ever had any Coney Islands in Detroit?
No.
South Carolina good. South Carolina Attorney General Charles Condon defended,
and it was nearly drawn to serve the state's interest in protecting the health and safety of its citizens.
It only prohibits laypeople from engaging in one very specific method of applying body art injection of incord, dial of the skin.
Condon said South Carolina residents were free to get tattoos outside the state.
Just don't do that. Don't do that. You can't wait for that Confederate flag.
But number one, number two, don't be a fag and number three, don't get no tattoos.
And especially from Noah Fag. Oh, I think if you get a tattoo from a fag, that's it. You're done.
You've had it.
9.57 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
If your carpets look like they've been tattooed and screwed if they look really bad, the answer is dry concepts.
They'll come in your home and perform. Probably one of the very few real miracles that's ever happened in the history of mankind.
I know I've been using them for over 20 years in my house and my mouse and believe me.
Especially haven't had two dogs most of that period of time. My carpets take a real beating.
But dry concepts come in. They dry clean the carpets. They suck out the deep downward.
And they leave them looking brand new smelling one and they brush. They're drying a couple of hours and you just keep sh-
No matter how many years you use them, you just keep shaking your hand every time they leave.
And wondering how can they possibly make them look so good.
But they do it and they give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the job.
So no tack on, no scams at the end of the job like some of those other guys.
And they also do an unbeatable job of doing all kinds of other spiffies stuff for you.
A furniture cleaning and draper cleaning, spot dyeing, fiber protection, carpet repairs, in-plant or an oracle rug server, seconded nobody.
The authorization and if a flood strikes your home, complete water damage restoration too.
So get the job done the right way and the fair price you're always going to depend on with dry concepts.
They'll never let you down. And Howard call 9-5-4-370-7778.
9-5-4-370-7778. And date or palm beach 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 clean today, entertain tonight with dry concepts.
Line in local, we're sports radio 560-2-8-2-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
The Fireball was seen Sunday night at 730 was probably a meteor burning up in the atmosphere said Peter Wilensky meteorologist with the National Weather Service Colorado Basin River Forecast Center. He ain't no Brian Norcross, thank God. No man-made objects fell from space Sunday nights at Major Red Thomas's spokesman for the North American Aerospace Defense Command in Colorado Springs, Colorado with track satellites and space debris. How do you like that? We track satellites and space debris. We hope we ought to. We don't have a mission to track meteorites, but that's gotta be what it is Thomas said because it was...
The Weber Area Consolidated Dispatch Center in Northern Utah received about 50 calls with some callers saying it looked like a plane that crashed. About 10 officers from three counties responded to the calls in 1.3 for wreckage said Weber County Sheriff's Sergeant Jeff Lasseter, a relation to Bravo. The Fireball was spotted in Prebel Colorado about 100 miles south of Denver and in Rollins, Wyoming about 100 miles northwest of Denver. And I'll tell you one thing, if you see anything in Rollins, Wyoming, that's... You call the authorities right away.
What was our reading about Dick Cheney's deck daughter over the weekend? So I forgot, I missed that story. I'll find it. She was in the news. In the US, we don't hear too much from her anymore. You want to know why? Because she's... FAAAMING! I figure as long as we got it in her eyes, we'll use it, you know. We don't use it often enough. Speaking of the Supreme Court, the Supreme's who had their held the beginning of their meet yesterday, the dangerous Supremes, the Supreme Court that losses yesterday, can Victor Oklahoma City, bombing, conspirator, Tyree Nichols,
no relation to Christie McNichol. What was your brother's name, Jimmy McNichol? Yes. Now, what are you laughing about? They were both big stars for about five minutes. She was a big star for about half an hour and him for about two minutes. These Supreme Court delostes yesterday, convicted Oklahoma, bombing, conspirator, Tyree Nichols, no relation to Mickey McNichol. In prison, Dr. Jack Kavorki, in former Olympic security guard Richard Jewel, and Frank Seddott, Virginia, what an interesting bunch there, huh? I know. Tyree Nichols, Jack Kavorki, in who ought to put Tyree Nichols out of his suffering, former Olympic
security guard, poor fat Richard Jewel, and Frank Seddott, Virginia. God, give me a break, Jr. Their cases were among more than a thousand that just as we fused to consider as they returned to work after three month break. The court only hears arguments in 80 or so cases each year, only about one percent of the cases that make it to the high court. And you want to know why they call the Supreme Court the high court? That's probably the reason. It was the fifth time the Supreme Court turned back a challenge from Nichols, who was convicted.
Five years ago of federal conspiracy and voluntary manslaughter in the deaths of eight federal agents, the 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, killed 168.
Nichols serving a life sentence was acquitted of the most serious charges. To the claiming of a vague cause won't see him no more. We gave him the old needle, Tim McBray.
I don't even place. I haven't played that in a long time either, you know what? Oh, I love that.
Tim McBray, he's on trial for that fate for the day.
Nichols Lawers arguing that his trial was tainted by governments, painted a turn over thousands of documents. They said the government should not be rewarded from his conduct.
Nichols still faces state murder charges and could be sentenced to death if he's convicted.
Oh! And we'll be right there to watch. We'll be right there to stick the old needle in.
Kervorkian is also unsuccessfully tried before to get the court involved in the issue of assisted suicide.
I wonder if Reeva can get some help from Dr. Jack. I'm guiding light. He's serving a 10 to 25 year prison sentence for the injection death of a man with a Lou Gehrig's disease.
The 1998 death of Thomas Yalk was videotape and shown on National TV. Kervorkian called it a mercy killing, but a jury in Michigan convicted him of second to be murdered.
Which of course, as we all know is ludicrous and in civilized country like the Netherlands assisted suicide is kosher, as long as somebody Jewish conducting the service.
Does it almost be loyal?
The synoptic case involves profits from the story of the kidnapping of Frank Sinatra's teenage son nearly 40 years ago, who's a real major loser by the way.
Frank Sinatra, Jr. was snatched from a Lake Tahoe Nevada hotel in 1963 and released on a harm that after his family paid a $240,000 ransom, three men were arrested and convicted.
The younger son after a loss to court battle in California over profits from a planned movie about the crime and asked the high court to step in.
The Supreme Court refused to review the constitutionality of a California law intended to prevent converts from profiting from books, movies, or other representations of their crimes.
The 1983 law was similar victim as rights laws passed by 40 states and the federal government.
The Supreme Court yesterday also declined to review the case of poor Richard Jewel who argued that he was liable by a newspaper, which reported that he was a suspect with a 1996 bombing at
Centennial Olympic Park in Atlanta. Georgia Court sided with the Atlanta Journal Constitution.
How do you like that? And the Supreme Court said, ah, screw you, Richard.
Even though they destroyed your life, Jewel found an abstract that held a bomb that exploded July 27, 1996, killing one woman, entering 111 people.
He went from a heroic suspect but was later cleared by the Justice Department, which it seems to me that as laws that should have been upheld on those grounds because he was innocent.
He was not guilty, okay?
But they'll confuse the Supreme Court rate of the courts with the effect, especially in Georgia.
The court also refused to consider a Kentucky school district case over its firing of a fifth grade teacher who invited actor Woody Harrelson to tell her students about the
Marit of Industrial Hemp. The court's refusal means there'll be a trial for Donna Cockwell, the proof she was wrongly fired.
The Marit of Industrial Hemp, yeah, man, rope, turn back Ralph Nader's claim a little high of violated his constitutional rights by not listing Mr. Green Party's presidential candidate in the court.
In 2000, Ohio requires candidates and smaller parties to collect signatures of thousands of residents.
The state claimed that Nader and running mate, Wanoana LaDouc, collected only enough signatures to put them on the ballot as independence.
Nader running as the candidate for pro-environment and corporate Green Party got 3% of the national vote in 2000 and cost the algorithm presidency and put us in this pickle that we're in today.
Nice going, Ralph. You and your buddy there. You and your buddy Phil.
Hit the road together, baby. You're both jerks. Hit the road jerks.
We're attached to the co-weighting military. This I went off the coast to.
They're talking about that little mishap they had in the Navy marines taking part in training, exercising, co-weight.
Little contra times they're a little bit of a mishap.
And of course, you know the way we look at it since human life is as cheap as stepping on cockroaches and swatting skaters.
It's, you know, just some more dead people.
Isn't that basically what it boils down to?
Right. Drop in the bucket.
186 votes and it's changing. I bet you there's more now. Like I said,
193 votes on the survey. Who do you think represents the greatest threat in the world today?
Born again, Christian 63.
George W. Bush 54.
Mohauer David 27.
Al-Qaeda 19, Iraq 14.
Saudi Arabia 9.
Iran 4.
And Israel's only got three.
Call that to the Appalachian.
So what you vote for?
I didn't let's see. Who'd I vote for?
Yeah, George W. Bush.
I'll vote it for born again, Christians.
I knew that because I saw when we each had one vote of peace.
So that was good because basically what's the difference?
See how come we're not here more about this?
Police say Pompato Boy 12 was deliberately gunned down.
Are you hearing anything about that?
Yeah, they're rumbling about it.
Police suspected 12-year-old Pompato Beach Boy was deliberately gunned down.
I murdered after the intended victim fled to safety.
This is in the Sun sentinel.
But the BSO said yesterday that homicide detectives still don't know what caused the gunman to go to the house
in the 800 block of Northwest Fifth Avenue in Pompato Beach.
Jawan D. Sean Matthews of Tamarack was standing outside his grandma's home.
He was shot as he played in the driveway on Sunday.
Matthews was airlifted to the Brewer General Medical Center where he was pronounced dead 645 pm.
The sheriff's office said yesterday detectives believed the gunman decided to shoot
Jawan after his intended victim saw what was happening around the safety.
So in other words, he was going to shoot somebody else and hit the kid ran away.
So you're available. I'll shoot you.
You'll do.
BSO deputies would dispatch to the home after receiving numerous 911 calls about gunshots in the area.
The gunman is believed to have been in a dark blue newer model Mitsubishi Mirage or Kia Sepia
with no hubcaps and the second vehicle possibly involved as an older model 1990s burgundy
four-door regal century detectives also want to locate large white four-door model older
older model Chevy Caprice type vehicle with black tag on the front and dark tinted windows.
The vehicle which was seen parked outside the home early in the day of the shooting also has a
spotlight similar to those found on police cars on the driver's side.
So there you go and of course you know we don't want to overreact any of these stories do we?
No.
But the fact is we just don't know.
We don't know nothing.
It'll be on there and tell you that the investigation continues.
We don't know nothing but the investigation continues and don't give us no long words
because we sure don't know how to pronounce them.
Combat it's after the hour 560 WQM you want to go to a great
huge store speaking of pomp and obit.
This is the place Brandy's where you'll find the largest luxury men's and women's shoes
the best service in town and the best prices in the universe period.
This is simple as that.
And we're not talking about some off-brands at Brandy's.
We're talking about top quality shoe names the ones you know and love.
Rock ports, SAS, Spirit, Timberland, Naturalizer and lots more.
And of course no matter how big or teeny tiny your feet may be,
you can just about bet George's life on it that they got the shoes you're looking for in your size
in stock and ready to stick on right now.
And Brandy's open daily nine to nine Sundays 10 to five you'll find them at 1290 North
Federal Highway and Pompano Beach. They are unbeatable and don't forget all this week.
I'm assuming it's still going on this week because I've got no new information from
our good bald head friend I don't think.
Did we get a new tag?
No.
All this wicked Brandy is it's a huge SAS sale I think big savings and SAS shoes
the more period by the more you save.
And if that's wrong if it was only last week,
blame it on Troy when you go into Brandy's shoes and Pompano Beach.
My life and love this is for 205 cities.
I'm dying over here.
In this place I see a lot of gas.
I hope it's the a lot of folks taking medicines that don't fight gas.
Wow this night quilt knocks me out.
Oh I saw that gas.
Gasax has the most powerful medicine to relieve gas bath.
Oh not as fast as I thought.
Oh no not here.
Tensick gets the blue.
That's 17 to 560 WQM.
This fact you just sent me from Eddie is enough to make my stomach turn.
You think it's serious?
Oh yeah.
I'm a member of the military and a veteran of the Gulf War and I'll
assure you I support that I support the Pratt.
I assure you that I support of the President.
Hey Eddie maybe we can get a package deal sent you and the captain moose to a
linguistic school kind of linguistic school together.
He says many of my fellow soldiers including myself are waiting for the word to go.
This issue of a rapture have been settled 11 years ago.
Also those idiots like Jimic Dermott and Senator Birch have been put out to pasture and
dancehall shot.
Love your show Neil Eddie's Semper Fidelis.
See you're not supposed to say Semper Fidelis.
You're supposed to say if it was a real marine you say Semper Fie.
You don't say the whole word right?
Right.
A real upstanding marine says Semper Fie.
But any raid Eddie that's a good thing that you support the President because he needs a
lot of good goose stepping letting's just like you to carry out his good deeds.
Speaking of good deeds 14 Palestinians killed 110 wounded in Israeli raid of Gaza Town.
One of the most nauseating stories to come down the pike in a very long time.
Conunis Gaza Strip.
Israeli troops raiding this town with tanks and helicopters killed 14 Palestinians
early yesterday including 10 who died when a missile slammed into a large crowd.
Palestinian officials said all the dead were civilians while the Israeli army said most were
armed men killed in battle.
About 110 Palestinians were wounded in the four hour raid including 25 were in critical condition
doctor said most suffered trappinal wounds in the head chest and abdomen the dead ranged in
age from 14 to 52.
Israeli troops fired machine guns and assault rifles at a communist hospital where most of the
wounded were taken killing one man injuring three people.
The military said the shots were fired in response to mortar fire and witnesses said they heard
two explosions before the shooting began.
Palestinians and the aunties really strike the deadliest since July as a massacre and call for
international protection. The Islamic militant group Hamas threatened revenge as really
official said Palestinian militants were responsible for the casualties because they took cover
amongst the villains. The military said Conunis is a Hamas stronghold and that during the
raid troops arrested a wanted man carrying a homemade explosive device. However there is no
indication of a particular target as in previous strikes against wanted militants that also
came civilian casualties. The Israeli military said the missile was aimed at a group of armed men
who were attacking soldiers with guns and grenades. The missile was fired toward the end of the
raid. Wisam Abdeen 29 said his troops with your residents emerged from their homes to inspect
the damage and check on the fate of friends and relatives. Abdeen said there were no gunmen in
the crowd. However another witness, Walid Sabah 44 said gunmen were among those gathering
in a street but didn't shoot at the time. Sabah said he was in the crowd with a 17-year-old son
Abdullah who was killed in the missile strike. Abdeen said as the troops with your we heard the
sound of helicopters two minutes later I heard the sound of something coming from the ear and I
saw the flames then a big explosion lifted me and blew me about ten yards away as he said. Abdeen
was hit by shrapnel and his arm. Another resident Abidi Haishur 24 said he was emerging from his
apartment when he heard the explosion. People were bleeding many of them lying on the ground.
Women were screaming and blood covered the ground he said. Brigadier General Israel Zif, the
government, said that his troops with your many armed men gathered in the streets. They fired a
lot through grenades. There was a battle there as Zif said the helicopter aimed at his armed group
and hit them. Zif said the battle was filmed from a pilotless plane. The army hasn't yet decided
on an associated press request to see that footage. Israel's deputy defense minister Weitzman
Shariz said he was sorry if civilians were hurt but what can we do Sharizhali told Israeli army
radio it's war. Javier Solana the European Union's foreign policy chief who was visiting the
region said he was shocked by the number of casualties. I think it's even more dramatic because
of the efforts that the Palestinian people were making in order to get out of the way of violence
in recent weeks he said. Later Monday Israeli troops fired into Nasser hospital in
Kanyunas where hundreds of people had gathered learned about the fate of loved ones. Among the wounded
were 14-year-old boy hidden the chest in neck and a paramedic struck in the chest. One bullet
nearly Mr. Reporter was hit in the shoe by a small bullet fragment. The dead wrapped in Palestinian
flags were taken from the hospital on stretchers carried by gunmen who fired in the yard
to shout of revenge revenge both Hamas and Palestinian leader. Here in Yasser Amifar's Fatok
movement threatened revenge we'll make the Zionist enemy swallow the bitter drink very soon
a mass fatah activist armed with the machine gun and grenade stuffed into a belt full of mourners.
Pieces in our hand baby. Speaking of crazy people I don't want to say he's crazy but he's
dangerous. You're going to love this article Dr. Fils a shameless ripoff artist.
You're from the globe. I got the new tabloids it's Tuesday tabloid day baby.
I think that's a good feature on a show you know Wednesday we do that noon to one hour right
with all bits I think tabloid Tuesday would be good. Excellent. Only problem being out here I have no
problem because the tabloids the new ones come out over the weekend here and the fact that they're
they're all printed in land ten I'm assuming that if I go to a real place like borders I can get
the new tabloids because they seem to be dreadful. I don't know I'm talking about when I come back
down there I hope that I can get my tabloids in time for tabloid Tuesday because I want to be
read a little crap. Good luck in the big bookstores for up to date magazines they leave ancient
magazines on the shelves there. Oh maybe we'll find that ancient Chinese secret. Bob's news baby
in Fort Lauderdale. I'm not going to Bob's news I'm going right over to my borders and I guarantee
you I'll find or I'll just go over to public they got him and if I don't find him there I'll go to
Walgreens and Marcia I haven't put him outside for me and if I don't find him there I'll just go right
up behind Walgreens and the new pizza lot and have lunch lunch and dinner you've been the new pizza
lot yet me well why not? I thought the beaten path the other one that's right for you it's very
far away. Dr. Phil's a shameless rip-off artist as the globe he left Kansas one step ahead of the
law what would O'Perth and question mark. Dr. Phil McGraw is a brazen scam artist who skipped town one
step ahead of the state attorney general probe into a shady business practice as sources charge.
The towering TV advised to rule left to Pika Kansas in the wake of a flood of complaints
charging that he ripped off health spot customers and left banks high and dry in the early 70s.
This was a consumer fraud investigation says Emory Goad who worked on the cases lead investigator
with the attorney general's office in Tepika it appeared that McGraw was pulling off a textbook
example of a membership scam but I wouldn't refer to the sposs customers as members goad tells the
globe an exclusive interview I'd call them victims he said. McGraw 52 catapulted the fame on Oprah
and now has his own smash syndicated show opened the greece and health spawn to Pika 1971 he was
just a couple of years later after he left the university it's also following his freshman year.
Let me say it again it was just a couple of years after he left the university it's also following
his freshman year I don't think I read that right okay. Phil was a real hands-on owner
charges a former pal and that extended to his accounting practices if a customer signed up in
cash filled with sometimes deposited straight into his pocket. The ex-pal adds that Phil was the
president of the corporation and his friend Bob Heinzheimer the vice president but they also
were salesmen they could really be overbearing especially Phil says the friend he take potential
clients mostly female into his office and sometimes close the door sometimes the woman came out crying.
It also seemed weird that Phil kept a mattress in his office at one point I don't think anybody
dared venture a guess what that was all about. McGraw McGraw now preaches that people should
take responsibility for their actions apparently hasn't followed his own advice. His intimidating tactics
helped rack up memberships along with a slew of complaints about the business claim sources.
Tim Losi tells how his 18-year-old wife was pressured and signing a contract in November 72
while he was off in the army when I got back I told him I was canceling the contract Losi said
soon after we started getting harassing phone calls threatening all kinds of legalizing
in February of 73 Dwight Eels filed a complaint claiming that he was hoodwinked by the
Grecion Health Spa after being totally could try it out for a few weeks for free he started
receiving bills in the mail I called the owner he angrily claimed by its time to contract and he
threatened me by saying he would have an attorney use all means possible to get the money Eels
tells the globe I swear to God I never signed a single piece of paper during any time I spent at
the spa I called the attorney general's office they said I was far from alone and complaining about
Grecion Health Spa but McGraw was doing far more than using hard sales pitches on prospective
customers Shawnee County District Court papers obtained by Gloverville and McGraw in the local
Southwest aid bank had entered into an agreement that allowed in the bank to purchase
installment notes and paper from McGraw's operation the type of agreement allowed a spa owner like
McGraw to sell the membership contracts to the bank for a percentage of their long-term
worth and cash then if he shut down the members would be liable for contract payments to wait
an unexistent spa although the practice was strictly legal in Kansas at the time it's
since been outlawed and nutshell anyone could open a spa soaked the town and then move on explains
vote the members would have to keep paying even though the spa was shut down and it appears
that's exactly what McGraw did court documents revealed that he closed the Grecion Health Spa
September 73 barely two years after opening it and he immediately left Topeka for Texas
Phil was basically run out of Topeka's brother ex-brother Nile and Grove confirms to the globe
he pretty much left in the middle of the night one step ahead of the authorities
lead investigator goad adds that the attorney here general's office was also looking in the
something called chain referral selling where spot tells prospective customers they get a
discount on the membership of the convention somebody else to join this was a specific fraud and
prohibited business practice in Kansas goad said after closing the spa McGraw became the focus of
at least three district court lawsuits by Topeka banks which claimed he owed the money all three
managed to have some of them served on him to know avail in which of top falls Texas where he'd
moved in with his father Joe it was probably by design he went back to Texas goad said Texas was
one of only two states in the union that didn't recognize out of state judgments that's why the
attorney general's office never brought legalized against McGraw it would have been useless once he
high-tailed it to Texas eventually one of the three lawsuits was dropped on a technicality but the
two other banks won judgments against McGraw for three grand and thirty two hundred bucks an opus
shows source doesn't believe the woman who helped propel McGraw to fame knows anything about his
past I bet it's something he kept from her and insider tells the globe and lowest burtis in your
legal assistant with a Topeka law firm that represented one of the banks ads now that McGraw such a
huge success you ought to come back to the peak in repair or I pay repay all the people he ripped off
kind like Larry King you know what I'm just thinking about Larry kind like Larry King is he coming
back does he repaying anybody any money all the people he ripped off in Miami no no and do a
doctor fill and of course this is only on the heels of those two juicy stories that weren't
about lesbians by the way juicy stories of Dr. Phil and those women that we had last week
my and look all this is for 205
Florida State sucks
this fall television changes forever his tell it like it is style has already impacted millions
of Americans his appearances on Oprah have propelled him into the national limelight get ready
for Dr. Phil well still we've made 20 you know cry I'm not crying look at me when you talk
I'm looking right at you so your problem is you're stupid no you see me and my husband got a big
butt too and you're stupid why are you crying you see I don't have any sympathy for you
you see me my husband you're in the 80s we haven't had sex in my 10s sex with you either look at the
can on you Dr. Phil you know the problem seems to be I come home I want to watch TV oh tell me
about you tell me about her well let's try and tell you she comes into the room oh tell me what
she does tell me what you do I sit in the chair and I have the TV on you're too busy watching TV is
your deal that's what men want to do we just want to watch TV you can't do it well I want to do it
and you can't do it see your problem is your dumb you're a dumb watching TV it is
excuse me I say you're a dumb don't I ball me like that I'm trying to help you you're on my show
you don't have your own show do you know you need some of this oh I'm not there
don't get it oh doctor Dr. Phil he's doctor so he just now why are you talking so quiet you see
already I can tell you're a pushobe but he just doesn't don't tell me what he does
but I just don't understand how about some of this for you too some of this Dr. Phil
he go mr. Nonsu boy or some love for you too 1032 at 5 560 WQAM and how about that Jonathan Edwards
he's doing it oh yeah I still get so I wait when I think about poor miss Cleona granted
they you know tacked on some extra phone bill stuff on air but hey as part of the game they got
to make a few bucks but the idea that they went after miss Cleo with such enthusiasm and with
such vigor and in the meantime fakers like Jonathan Edwards with his crossing over bull crap and
all these telephangilists and all of the end of this guy it is Dr. Phil Faker hey that's great TV
baby and it's just like the infomercial thing which of course Carlos is very big and we had quite
a lengthy conversation about infomercials before to show this morning for about 30 seconds
now I would say 95% of that stuff is crap oh don't tell me my cable just went on oh no my
damn largest cable just went out here it'll be back moment here there it is oh thank goodness
because I'll present a speaking he understands budgeting that's important for this state
yeah it's important for this country but you don't get it you don't get it don't make
it budget because it like sounds like something to do with the economy we don't want to talk
about that right now do it no no especially the green arrows are on air the a dozen of
a few points and as they step a few we'll see how long that lasts until he's done talking I see
every other day the opened up a mountain that always seems to happen you know every day it's
either him or old green span you know one of the other is on air and every time it looks like a
little bit a little bit of green is coming back in there all of a sudden you can watch it
dropping like a gigantic rock officials didn't heed warnings ex-selection trainer says on radio
this is from the hero today so there's a chance it could be accurate the woman responsible for
training pull workers for the September 10th Premors as she repeatedly warned by me Dave
counties top election officials there'd be problems but they didn't listen
we and our Leonora Uribe who was fire last week took the Spanish language radio to attack her
bosses the election supervisor David Leahy and deputy supervisor Jisela Salas Rebae said the
department resisted change and she predicted motors would face bigger problems on November 5th
oh I can't imagine that can you not bigger? Dave Mayor Alex Penga Pakenia questioned Rebae's
motives he said she had not mentioned any of those concerns when he met with her after protest
by some trainers over her dismissal why is she saying that Saturday on the radio which she's
not saying it with me he says among Rebae's allegations Salas and Leahy were responsible for the
failure of the September 10 election during a week in the video she said they knew what was going
on and if they didn't know I was constantly reminding them almost daily trainers sometimes like
proper equipment and materials to prepare for their classes before last week municipal elections
when she complained election officials insisted she direct them to these sessions anyway
after she questioned that idea Salas ordered to go home and later she was fired for leaving work
the elections department made pitches in Spanish to recruit elderly Hispanics who spoke
little English despite a state law that requires poor workers be proficient in that language I think
I'd knowing our audience I think I'd better read that very short sentence again okay because it's
going to make their blood talk about pointing strange north Carolina it's going to make their blood
boil they're going to be pissed off and fired up and what what can you say about this because it's
so typical what goes on and that why nobody in their right mind wants to live there unless they're
forced to be there you know I'm saying Carlos only in the banana republic baby only in Miami the
elections department made pitches in Spanish to recruit elderly Hispanics who spoke little English
despite a state law that requires poor workers be proficient in that language and of course wouldn't
it be great to have a whole bunch of old Julios in there working in the polling places
the person in charge of poor worker recruitment consistently filled classes well beyond department
limits despite protest by trainers under department guidelines classes were not to have more than
20 people it's a tactic to throw you out in the field you remain recently told the hero when they
say just have them do with that impacts the county you remain took similar complaints to Spanish
language radio station lot potterosa which on Monday rebroadcaster allegations she also spoke
on gospel station WMBM with the anxious bishop victor T. Curry about what she considered to be
unfair treatment of poor workers with that professional sports evictor curry who don't like this show
by the way too bad victor we're doing pretty damn good okay so blow it out your ass and go have some
watermelon some of her rebays concerns mirror those contained in a report by county inspector general
Chris Maysell it concluded that county and elections department officials did not do enough
planning and organizing even after being repeatedly notified about deficiencies the report also for
a faulted poor poll trainer working in experience level of some of the 50 people hired as trainers
Leah he fired a rebay last week sent she abandoned her training duties while the department was
preparing for the October 1 municipal elections in North Miami and Palmetto Bay. Leah he was
working on today's Miami Lake selection did not return calls but Salah said the department did not
did have difficulties in getting election systems and software the manufacturer the Ivo Trana
touch mascara screen machines to assist in the training but I believe we've overcome these
difficulties Salah said at this point miss your rebay is out in the community unnecessarily
giving the appearance of friction and lack of cooperation among the administrative staff in
particular think up a can you also say to receive emails from elections employees upset with the
reviews broadcast comments the mayor said he suspected her appearance on La Potorosa's part of
the campaign by opponents of the county's human rights ordinance of repeatedly criticizing
elections department he suggested that the criticism was designed to galvanize the
Portish to launch a petition drive to get another initiative on a ballot they're
evilifying elections because they're trying to build a new case for new elections he said
I can't imagine them doing that on Spanish language radio can you? No that would be bad
can't believe that for a second how's that poll coming
who do you think is represents the greatest threat to the world today we got 269 votes
born again Christians 85 George W 74
Mohauer David 35 I'd tell you one thing he represents the greatest threat to a lot of people
who are working QAM Mohauer David maybe not to the world at large
but boy all you got to do is look at him cross-eyed or even suggest that you might like me George
or Carlos or anybody associated with our show and you're out don't come back in here don't put
him on the air get him off the let him do the updates but don't let the beast down here again
shut off his microphone right now and I'll go back to bed not how much he's listening right now
on his day off oh don't you think he of course not he pretends he don't listen to this show
wait until he finds out that we actually got his birthday I'm talking about not just June 3rd
but the year that's coming up a little later on let's see let's go back to this
born again Christians 88 George W. Bush 76 Mohauer David 35 a week 3rd Al-Qaeda 29 Iraq 24 Saudi Arabia
13 Israel 6 and Iran 6 of course when you add the you see you've got to divide the thing there
with the air fanatical air infections so if you add like Al-Qaeda in Iran is 53 and the Saudi
River 65 71 so you understand yes so they'd be right up there but they were kind of divvy did up
to be to blame up spread it all the way around we got the mad dog come out of one o'clock
from Shula State to Hank Goldberg at three or four hours show today baby hope you take your
vitamins this one four four hours three to seven with Patrick's or 10 five to six
two will buy off an easy hour there an ice-coat hopper shivers regal talking hardball with the
crow and you better drink a lot of that stuff before you listen to that hour seven to eight 15 hour
and a quarter eight 15 to 11 o'clock or whatever today game is over you've got the ALCS
American League championship series game one between the anti-hymagels and the Minnesota twins
the contracted Minnesota twins eat your heart out by the light you idiot you asshole
any character the baseball game Joanne Mark overnight
five and a look all this is five sixteen three is all yours how you win
hey hang this up baby online you're seeing a radio five sixty w-k-a-m presents Captain Moe Theynuru
the ratings for the sports format were so bad we had to start paying the sponsors and when
the only three listeners we have to get paid for listening well we thought we'd give this a try
hello boys and girls this is your old baby captain Captain Vayneru we got your full duck at the
moe thing a marimond over here uh this thing I ought to be doing this boys and girls I was a big star
at one time seeing but I gotta tell you kids look at him paradise ain't cheap I need the
chef to understand all right let's see we got over here got some great paper or fingers up out
for the one and captain what do you want great James let me alone why are you gonna say good
morning to our friends they're right morning moe they call me Mr Moe there's a big home
I'm glad to hear it demanding oh man you be dishing me and I'm a pipe down tell you
Woolie's a world right by me got the good it's strong loins from the proper breeding I don't know
what you can see that's what you're stupid at it now we're gonna make something out of this
great paper you understand then maybe let up a little link sources just out of my pants okay
here's the paper I'm gonna teach you one green jeans I'll take two two so that's your take
and it's a joke you moron I'll take one for me how many for you a mystery loose
in the whole 10 10 sheets of paper look at this black ass monkey over here you watch 10 sheets
10 sheets of paper well I got loose for you pal paper don't come cheap yet don't get soon
me what you is it's not good at cut your thing is wrong tell me out here green jeans
stop hey where's your green jeans around my ankles where we want yours to be
let's read pull them down green jeans
but no not again
you know what I'm saying
you know what I'm saying
you know what I'm saying
where they right back in the room
you know what I'm saying
where your boys are going
five at five sixty WQM in line with that last story that we had about Spanish language radio
yes and about all those Spanish I can just see those people up the uphol you know
all Jewish women and old Spanish women working arm and arm hand in hand not
Spanish TV station where next week just what we need to
was another Spanish language station in South Florida boys and girls it is coming like it or not
the first locally based fully Spanish language TV station in Palm Beach County and the treasure
coast is expected to sign on a year next week excited thank you
for your blood
throughout the WQHBO I like the way that sounded there in that little kind of time tunnel that was beautiful
a reverb grips WQHB channel 43 will operate out of Stuart there's a need in the market for this
TV station said WQHB owner Bill Brothers will continue to own an operate 10-year-old WTC
in channel 14 I do like his sewing machines though
Brothers
Glanis Pinero president of the 100 members Spanish American Club of the Treasure Coast
said she was happy to hear about the new station there are so many moving here every time I go
to public say here more people talking Spanish oh this is what everybody in South Florida just
needed a hero okay the two thousand senses classified 12.4% of Palm Beach counties 1.1
in the residence as thick as Hispanic Hispanics number 32,620 in Martin St. Lucille and Indian river
counties WQHB is expected to reach by antenna 85% of the local TV market which includes
an area stretching from Sebastian inlet to Boca Raton and Okotobi County
Brothers said his Spanish language outlet is not considered a must carry and therefore will not
be offered on local cable systems at least not in the beginning he said he purchased the station
from WQTB19 ink terms were not released channel 9 team which has been off the air for about a
year was forced to move to channel 43 to avoid interference with the digital signal of MIME's WDV
it says BZL but it's DZL in it yes the channel 39
DZL yeah well I got it now this is in the Sun Sentinel so it's another mistake that station will
operate on channel 19 in Dave County the broadcaster who said landing license took a year said
channel 43 is antenna will be situated in a thousand foot tower in a whole sound we should
reach from Boca to Southern Indian River County said of a new station which doesn't have a
specific on air day yet but it's common baby it's common we wish him well said Greg why I don't
for pierces WIRAAM 1400 radio we've had very good luck with this spanish programming
why it said he hopes brothers will offer locals how do you like that they got a Spanish
language radio station in Fort Pierce had no idea lake worth based radio fiesta AM-1380 provides
Spanish language news in place ran Cher on music popular in Mexico and central America what the
hell is ran Cher on music I thought that was a salad dressing Mexican music it's for the tomato
a lot of cookie cookie you mean right mario a huchi kuchi like some of the weasemagel stuff
they're a huchi kuchi stuff he did that big hat music I see like that yeah there you go with a lot
of the maracas stuff like that well here's a good article by Howard Goodman in the Sun Sentinel
they hopefully there won't be any mistakes in this one because the Sun Sentinel don't make no
mistakes just ask little bald headed Tommy jica who's got his 50th column of the weekend and so
only Tuesday prejudice or pandering the private side of bush and we're talking about governor jab
here writes Howard Goodman in today's Sun Sentinel it's the month until election day and candidates
are vying for your vote by swadding themselves in a kindest gentless images that advertising can buy
I haven't seen so much endearing footage since bambi here's representative clay char with smiling
senior citizens here's democratic gubernatorial candidate bill mcbride air voting in the ember
bathe in sunset amber here's his opponent governor jab bush encircled by happy school children
and the hands of the admen each of these guys glows like a combination of albert swights or
insanity clause but every once in a while we need a glimpse behind the curtain such a moment
occurred last week when governor bush and entertain the delegation of panhand legislators by
giving some juicy details about the feckless caretakers of rillia wilson the 60-year-old whose
disappearance is given Florida yet another black eye oh that was just a matter of speech wasn't
right i attended the girls guardians pamela and jordan graham were arrested when zen allegations
they illegally collected fourteen thousand dollars in pubic assistance checks bush told the
legislators the news then he added the implication that the women are lesbians bush said as pamela
graham was being arrested she told her co-workers tell my wife i've been arrested the wife is the
grandmother they and is the husband he made quotation marks with his fingers around grandmother
but you don't get that in pence a cola bush told the legislators a reporter from the pence a
woman whose journal tate the governor's remarks she also caught him outlining his devious plans
for subverting the class size of eminent voters approve it by putting senior citizens and
children against each other in a budget battle criticized bush the next day said he thought about
he thought the gathering was private didn't know reporter was listening he said he was only
kidding about devious plans and didn't mean any disrespect to lesbians no other way bring it up
what possible relevance does a surmise about the women's sexual orientation have to do with
the tragedy of a missing little girl for which a state agency bears a good share responsibility
if bush's idea was to deflect blame under the caretakers he didn't need to embellish with a
nugget to titulate the robes jerald and graham's record of arrest and forty aliases speaks volumes
enough about her character i can think of two possible explanations either the unvarnished bush
really is as smarmy and homophobic as his unscripted remarks suggest or is following a bush
family tradition remember when poppy boasted that he kicked a little ass after debating jeraldine
he's acting the good old boy when he thinks that's what his audience wants to hear take your
pick the governor's either prejudiced or his pandering nadine smith executive director of equality
florida preps to state's largest gay and lesbian advocacy group says the bush captured on tape is
the bush he knows he's been at best indiferent and it works openly hostile on gay and lesbian issues
smith said he declined ever to even meet with a group which reports fifty thousand members smith said
brush a bush brushed off one request for meeting with an email saying i'm not in favor of extending
special rights to the gay and lesbian community he added that he's opposed to gay and lesbian marriages
and adoptions and frowns on benefits to domestic partners but these issues aren't about special rights
they're matter of acknowledging basic human rights to people not deny them besides you don't have
to be gay or lesbian to be offended that florida's chief executive thinks it's okay to make sniggering
remarks that would sound ignorant from a twelve-year-old jab you should apologize and sing is how you're
not so great without a script here's a little help just say i shouldn't have made the comment i'm sorry
rights hired good men today's unscrupulous how do you like that you go Howard but he ain't gonna do
it because we know he's a bigoted piece of right wing aborn again third okay follows that same old
party line and of course isn't that interesting that uses that same term about special rights sounds
just like what those right wing specs were using the day county to try to overturn the gay rights
ordinance right that's the spiel special rights not the equal rights right same old tired ultra right
wing agenda that we've been here now for fifteen years and more area and a huffington rights
the Iraq question nobody's asking no one in the bus administration talking about how many of
our soldiers will be sent home in body bags she says sitting on a desk somewhere in the pentagon
as a computer print out listing project American casualties for a range of Iraq invasion scenarios
unfortunately these vital figures are the only numbers that haven't been part of the war debate
we've heard all kinds of estimates about how much the war's gonna cost including airy fleshyers
ultra macho bolt facadam's head discount special how many troops will be deployed how much the
price of oil may go up and the overrunner at how long our forces will have to remain in Iraq
we've been given head constable rax fractures curds and sheites reference numbers for security
council resolution defied and been frequently reminded that sottam has remained in power for
34 years 11 of them since the last time we tried to send him in his mustache packing but no one
in the bus administration is talking about how many of our soldiers will be sent home in body bags
and out a single reporter is stood up at a press conference of one of the president's countless
fundraising appearance and asked mr. president how many young americans are going to die well the
deaths number in the hundreds as was the case in desert storm and as would be again if sottam
collapse like a cheap umbrella or will they be closer to the ten to fifty thousand some experts
have predicted and as sottam the clear and present danger that would justify asking our sons and
daughters to give up their lives for our their country the question of casualties is all the more
important given the way to touch to pull showing that over 70 percent of american support
an invasion of Iraq this purported grounds for the public opinion is being dropped like an old
fashion dumb bomb to kill the sound both sides of the political aisle let's head aside for a
moment the lucrisness of basing our national security policy on the shoot from the hip responses
of a person has been interrupted in the middle of dinner or a soapy shower helping the kids with
their homework and asked by a poster do you support the president's policy on a rack the fact is
the number of americans in favor of going to war with the rack plummet down to only 39 percent
the latest zogby pool when the prospect of thousands of american casualties is added to the question
and such a bloody outcome is very likely given the kind of urban warfare it's going to take to
forget about the caves of Torah borah or the open desert cakewalk of the last Gulf war bag that is
a densely populated city of four million people roughly the same size as Los Angeles picture our
troops having to battle their way down Hollywood Boulevard and search of a lone madman we have to be
prepared to fight block by block and bag that's as sent to general Joseph horror the former commander
in chief of the military central command all our advantages of command and control technology
mobility all of these things are in part given up and you're working with corpals and sergeants and
young men fighting street to street it looks like the last 15 minutes of saving private Ryan
or every frame of black hawk down the high number of casualties that would result from gaining control
of a heavily defended bag that is the main reason colon paul norman schwoord's coffin the president's
father pulled up short of the capital city last time we took on sottom and remember that sottom is
a master of that ruthless strategy of defense known as the human shield even the smartest bombs
will not be able to discern between republican guardsman and Iraqi children that'll be the
dangerous business of army rangers marine expeditionary units and other special forces and
unlike the golf or which is primarily about the liberation of kawaii this war is about the elimination
of sottom we've heard again and again that this ruthless death but will do anything no matter
how reckless or costly to preserve his own regime and we also know that he's been a massing stock
positive biological and chemical weapons hideous high body con instruments disdain by the civilized
world you don't have to be george tenet to connect these dots sottom will use whatever weapons
you can in the impending fight to the finish if he's going down he's taking as many of us with him as
he can likely it is very good that it could use weapons of mass destruction general john
chalakashle a leavey former chairman of the joint chiefs of stampholds son of art services
committee in september it could get very messy the casualties in my judgment could be very high he
said we're told by the proponents of invading Iraq that it's a bold step necessary to prevent
future casualties that in order to make an informed decision on the war shouldn't the people be told
how many present casualties will have to suffer in order to avoid these future ones
ask are you in a huffington in today's salon dot com you go girl ten fifty six and five sixty qa
you
hope to join in the morning i hope to join tonight i hope to join in the afternoon
it makes me feel all right i hope to join the time of
being and doing time before i hope to join before i come to join and then i hope to
join oh my daddy it was for me son you see hard work man
for my mom he was for me son you see the best you can
ten one day i met him i came from me and said you turned hard work good and hard work fine
but first take care of him so now i hope to join when i get a ride in the store i hope to join
i hope to join when i play video game and at every 10 dollars and points i hope to join
i hope to join in time of peace and doing time of war i hope to join before i hope to join
and then i hope to more
and
oh my daddy he was for me son you see hard work man
for my mom i see one so please turn you to the best you can
for the same one day i met him i came to me and said
oh hard work good and hard work fine just take care of him that's why i hope to join in the morning
i hope to join tonight sure i hope to join in the afternoon
just make it quickly and all right i hope to join this time of peace and doing time of war
i hope to join before i hope to join and say that i hope to more
oh when we join that's what i do
oh to join so there's no good joy to be with me in the morning
oh to join so there's no good luck with me in the afternoon
yeah
it was another one who joined so we can try to see our homework
oh to join so you want to say that
oh to join so
oh
love it all four five six eighty w i am happy Tuesday too so guess who's in the news again
i give up what do you do his first initial is oh
oh sama no
no
no actually they spell his name huh or land of alzagary no
out of sight out of mind oh let me give you a clue
a kill the cold oh jay does that never done for it just just a little bit a little bit
i'll get into that we have to correct ourselves at least i don't what do we do wrong
um wd zeal changed to w b zeal when they joined with the w b get it so it is the
what it goes to show you how lucky sometimes we are if you wouldn't have mentioned that
i forgot because the days in the weeks are just flying by although like some kind of an evil trick
on me big event like a big night tonight Tuesday it's the small bill baby
they're too small when you got a size 14 shoe i'll tell you that on the small bill on the wb
so we love wb b zeal because of the wb so sunsend will didn't make that mistake i'm sure i could
find many others if i tried but why bother okay and yes there's more
well unrelated but you were talking about the uh jet comments earlier for those who want to hear
the actual tape yes w w w w w w dot media horrors online
dot com and it sounds like this
there's no actually it was probably it was probably except for our words
we have a big uh dad like that we sometimes have to look at that
and that's it and i would say one thing for it would be to grind up the roads
so we ask both of them to get it so much later you know
replace it with concrete well we're just saying that we're a guy over a lot of well
you're you're or we're going to have to cut mercy well and you got to go that big sun
yeah the big places and there's a disconnect right now
so yeah i got a couple of devious plans if that's in classes
that uh you know might might want to consider kind of a full
how to look at it with the full
full
i got a full monthly you know full
for a month
costs and benefits so that so that the consumers on the
voters will have have the full
grab a vacation that's including you know which tax will go up
in which programs uh give it all for it
you want it
and that's it that was it pretty weak i didn't hear the part where we talked about
the details of the divuous plans about setting the old people against uh
towards the end there i got a couple devious plans that uh and you know
but he didn't uh he didn't finish it
no to that he wrote that was uh and it didn't sound at any point in that part of it
that he was joking no that's how like joking to you but he was
can't just sharing he was dead serious because
he was thought i thought he was speaking only to a group of his own
of his own right wing bigoted knee-endrathal
phony bible-toat nassols like him is that's what he thought he was talking to
and then all of a sudden we got a pensacola report
Oh, it was just a joke.
You know, this all reminds me of that asshole that call.
It's just, it's a call that sticks in my mind, even more so than how do I attack the
buffet at the animal coast.
The punk that called, like back after the election two years ago.
I made reference to him many, many times.
He couldn't vote for Gore because he couldn't relate to the people who voted for him.
And I said to him at the time, and now here we are two years later, now that this
is born again feeding friends, he is out of the closet.
And I just am curious, can he relate to these people?
The nose pickers they voted for W?
Of course.
And the same bigoted nose pickers they're going to vote for is brother and four weeks?
Of course.
Very sad.
Very, very sad because if you're a fanatical born again evangelical nutcase, then by all means
you should embrace both of them.
You should put your arms around the bushes.
But other than that, I can't imagine anybody wanting to be a party to any of this.
Nevertheless, that's just my own personal opinion.
That kid, that 13-year-old kid is still in critical but stable condition in Maryland.
I just mentioned that in passing and I still don't know a damn thing about it about the sniper.
They know nothing.
Zip but E do die, you know?
No.
They know nothing.
Now can I get back to OJ because that was it?
Oh no, no, I can't wait.
Josie Lamby, remember speaking of the Sunsettel, our good close personal friend, actually normed
Kent's close personal friend.
That norm used to call and spew a lot of stuff through that I didn't want in the newspaper.
I'm glad for full speed ahead.
I ain't hurting that.
Well, we better start hearing something pretty damn good in the next couple of days.
I'll tell you that because today is the 8th of October and the deadline that was put in a plaster appearance
was like October 10th, I believe, by Miss Kent.
So Greg Reed better get off his high horse and off his ass in there and get with it.
Okay, instead of listening to a bunch of stupid ball games, he better get with it.
Take the jackstrap off, put some real underwear on because people are starting to talk and get on the phone and return people.
Now maybe he already has, I don't know.
I just mentioned this all in passing just to try to goose him along.
OJ wants to be the next Simon Cowell but producers tell him to take a hike where it's Josie Lamby in the star confidential.
In this week's star, I'm Paul Jez, I said the globe, it's in the star.
Disgraced football grade, OJ Simpson desperately wanted to become a Simon Cowell style judge on a new reality TV show,
but he flew into a rage when producers told him, thanks but no thanks.
I'm OJ Simpson, a rage producer, a final cut, a show that wants to be the art of acting, what meany judge calls American Idol is to music.
A rep for Simpson, then the alleged double murderer himself approached final cuts makers in Vancouver, British Columbia,
and the beg for a job as a judge, but when he was turned down, Simpson let loose a rambling monologue about his fame.
I'm famous, nobody puts me off what? A rambling monologue.
A rambling monologue.
I am famous, nobody puts me off like that Simpson said according to the source.
The idea of having the juice on and is an attention grabber to say the least, the final cut pits want to be actors against each other until it castes a symbol for a sitcom to weed out the talentless week after week the company is looking for celebrity judges,
and the same vein is Idol's Cowell and Paula Abdul.
The production company TV stars as feverishly recruiting candidates in judges while networks ponder buying the show.
The Vancouver porn star, the WDB's Network Dawson Creek, Joshua Jackson, has been approached to be one of the three judges.
We have no idea how OJ heard about this, the source said, but there he was on the phone lobbying for it.
We decided against having him because he'd be too distracted.
Telling that to Simpson, however, caused a heated exchange, the producer used the phony deadline as an exchange for squeezing out the juice Simpson-founded shocked.
I was put up, I won my case, and I'm very popular again. Everybody loves me, I want to do this show.
Everybody loves OJ, huh? Everybody loves Raymond, and everybody loves OJ, when's that show start?
Starting the members of this building.
That, and that's right. Scruanne, the Water Nazi, Greg, and of course Roy, who's probably still on the payroll, Sam.
That's when a producer hung up on Simpson. Simpson didn't return calls for comment, but his lawyer, Yale Galanter, who was always busy said it's clear that Simpson would love nothing more than work.
He hasn't had a job since he was arrested for the murder of his ex-wife Nicole Brown and Ron Goldmania in 94.
He was cleared criminally, but then found liable for the death by a civil court. Simpson 55 now lives on his $20,000 month national football league pension. Poor baby.
OJ's got other things in a work so Anderson, negotiating with two television networks for what kind of job Galanter says Simpson has been approached to act as a consultant.
If actor Robert Blake's wife killing case goes to trial, that sort of makes sense. Doesn't it says Josie Lamb, BDL?
How do you like that? Maybe they'll even put a cockatoo on his shoulder. Knock the chip off the one shoulder and put a cockatoo on the other one.
So there you go, OJ. That's a great line. Everybody loves me. I'm very popular again. I want to do this show.
And at the bottom of this page, I wasn't even going to bother with this, but because she looks so much like her sister, Brittany's little sister, a diva in train. You see this?
I've seen the pictures and some of her on TV too.
Brittany's mini-me sibling had a very adult oops on the set of the Nickelodeon Kids Comedy Show, all that.
Confidential spy say that 11-year-old Jamie Lynn Spears, Brittany's little sis gets muddy unhappy when someone tries to take away her Starbucks, Frappuccinos.
The pint-sized pledging pop star-scorally filming skits for the show in LA on the set she was recently summoned to the makeup cheer.
She came in with a huge Frappuccino loaded with whipped cream, my stint says.
She was sitting in the makeup cheer, slurping it, the makeup artist kept asking her to stay still, but Jamie little one do it.
So they're growing up nicely, took the drink away. The makeup artist finally told Jamie Lynn that the quieter she remained the quicker she'd get her drink back, you should have seen her sitting as still as a statue.
Don't know about you, but I wonder what an 11-year-old girl is doing with large coffee drinks anyway, where it's Josie Lambe, huh? Mind your own business, Josie, okay?
Don't be sticking your nose in it, plus she's only 11 years old.
I'm sure it was a decr-cat Frappuccino.
I would not be putting naked pictures of 11-year-olds in the paper if I was you.
11-13 at 560 WDQYM, let me tell you right now about shopping for a new Macros, one easy call.
That's all you do. Stick your finger on those buttons and dial 1-800-Macros, 1-800-MAT-T-R-S-EV-In-Dew in this for years.
I mean, you know, you don't need a Macros that often, but every few years the Macros wears out, you start feeling it, you don't get a good night's sleep, and you know, it's time to say audio's to the old Macros and get you a great new one.
And so I pick up the phone like you shouldn't call the experts at dial Macros because I know I get a great deal, unbeatable service, and a sensational name, brand Macros, and unbeatable price.
How can you beat that? Call 1-800-MAT-TRIS, pick the brand name Macros you want.
CERDA, Celi, Simmons, King Quar, they got exactly the one you're looking for in stock, ready for just about immediate delivery within just a couple hours after your call, or any to our window that's convenient for you.
Any day of the week, seven days a week, you pick the time, and they'll be there.
And unlike those bedding stores, they got every day unbeatable prices, and they'll never do the old bait and swish.
Exactly the Macros you want will be coming on your way to your house. They come into your home, they take away the crappy old bedding, they set up the brand new one, and if it isn't exactly what you want, and you got up to 30 days to decide that, they'll take it back in exchange before you know questions asked.
So be smart, call dial Macros right now, you'll be sleeping like an infant as soon as tonight, call 1-800-MAT-TRIS, or check them out of that web at mattress.com.
And then you'll call.
It's just which ring you'll find to be.
You way up.
Kill Nicole.
Oh, my God.
Jesus.
If I want emergency, I can come in.
You can come in over here now, so 325 grit and a green is that.
Please.
No!
What if he's doing this, he's running you?
I guess it would not.
Where's your mad woman?
She's been burnt to just for asking her.
You're going to hear her minute, it's about to get really bad.
Just stay on the line so we can know what's going on so the police can feel okay.
Oh, Jesus, no!
Yes, I'm sorry.
Wow, yeah.
In case they come to me, I need to hear what's going on alive.
You have life.
Is he yelling?
Yes.
Okay.
Is he going to be drinking?
It's not whether you win or lose.
It's how drunk you can.
BAMING!
1119 at 560 WQAM.
Got a lot of hosts on that poll.
Who do you think is the represents the greatest threat to the world today?
357 hosts.
Born again, Creations in for his place, 109 but not a comfortable lead because George W is right on their ass.
He's got 97.
Mohawar David 46, kind of a respectable third place, showing.
Al-Qaeda's got 37, Iraq 33, Saudi Arabia 19, Iran 10, and Israel's only got 6.
Holy God, 6.
That's funny because they got 14 yesterday.
That's good.
And they only got 6 today.
Wow, it's early in the day.
No, it's actually not early.
It's late in the day.
Later on, you think.
They're way ahead of us.
The parent company in the Dallas Morning News accused House Majority Leader Dick Army of trying to retaliate against the newspaper for its coverage of his son's failed congressional bid.
Reporting in the yesterday's editions, the newspaper said the Texas Republican tried to wife language inserted into a $10 billion military appropriations bill to force bellow corporation that I bested itself of one of its three
Dallas media properties.
Bellow owns the news, three other daily newspapers, and 19 TV stations across the country.
The provision did not mention bellow by name.
Bellow executives said Army was retaliating for the newspaper's coverage of his son, Scott Army, a former Denton County judge, who lost the April runoff for the seat of his father who's retiring.
Army did not return calls for comment by the AP.
The morning news said Army didn't respond to their request for comment either.
Leading up to the election articles published in the news and another bellow property, the Denton Record Chronicle, looked at Scott Army's record as George including his father.
He was both for contracts benefiting political associates.
At the time the elder Army accused the newspaper of vicious unprofessionalism, the newspaper of course denied the accusation.
How do you like that? Dick Army. He's not only pissed off with Barney Fag. He's upset with the newspapers because his kid lost.
But the good news for us is he's retiring. He's out. Bye-bye to Dick Army. Bye-bye to Bobby Barr.
And who was the other one? There was one other one we talked about the other day.
Good news. Whoever the hell it was.
The man suspected of stabbing piruses openly gave mayor early Sunday told interrogators he did it because he dislike politicians and homosexuals you the official said.
Bertrand Delano is expected to remain hospitalized for at least a week to recover from the single stab wound to his abdomen.
His office had initially described the injury as minor. He had surgery for three hours after being rushed to PTA cell pic today of hospital.
How do you say that?
What a pity it salt Peter hospital. I think that's what that means.
The unidentified suspect who was taken into custody immediately confessed to the stabbing said judicial officials who spoke on condition of anonymity.
They said the 39 year old attacker told him he was a developed Muslim enacted out of opposition to politicians and gays.
Investigators believe the suspect is not linked to any Islamic fundamentalist parties.
The suspect who's been hospitalized previously for psychiatric treatment comes from one of the toughest neighborhoods in the Paris suburbs.
Delano 52 was attending a lively all night party at city hall as part of Paris first ever sleepless night festival when he was attacked.
Dozens of museums and tourist attractions including the Eiffel Tower open all night and concerts and art exhibits were being held throughout the French capital.
Nearly 2,000 people gathered at city hall for a concert of electronic lounge music and other festivities.
Delano moved freely among the crowd without any security guards when he was stabbed in the salve they faked.
A lavish ballroom declared that decorated with red and green lights and palm trees I have no idea how you say any of these French words.
Sully defaite whatever I don't know. And I we don't care because they're frogs.
Merrill spokesman David Lamblois said security was kept to a minimum because Delano wanted to maintain a relaxed atmosphere.
Visitor is milled about way but I never leave the building without being searched their question.
Delano never lost consciousness even gave the order for the party to continue as he was being taken to the hospital. Lamblois said.
Lamblois. He said don't ever give an order like that again.
Segalian royal a former socialist family minister who visited the mayor of the hospital said he severed injuries to several organs and would be hospitalized for at least eight days.
The attack was the second and less than three months against the prominent French politician.
On July the 14th, a man allegedly tried to shoot President Jacques Chirrock as he reviewed troops at the annual Bastille Day Military Parade in Paris in a statement.
Chirrock said he was outraged by the stabbing and hope for a quick recovery.
An unknown socialist politician when he took office in spring 2001, Delano had used his term to improve the city's quality of life.
One of a handful of openly gay politicians in France, Delano disclosed his homosexuality on TV program in 1999 and the revelation caused few waves.
He's known for splashy gestures including turning the banks of the San River into a beach replete with sand palm trees and parasols.
The slip was not febthal was another innovation from his office. How do you like that? Splashy gestures.
Like Charles Nelson Rao, it kind of like that.
So did you say that the green arrows were up before the President was talking?
Oh please don't tell me that the arrows are red.
Okay, let me take a look. Oh no, the President's broken.
Yeah, the Dow was up about 25 and the Nasdaq was up a few and now the Dow is down 55 and Nasdaq is down six and they're both sliding like a rock.
Every day for a week. In fact, the Dow now, how now you will Dow? He's under 7,400. It's now 7,367.
Can you believe it? Never fails.
Every time this man opens his mouth on TV, everybody runs to the phone, gets their broke run of fun.
Sal, Sal.
You know, because it's a reminder, I guess, that there's that's what we got.
Now let's see, what's this facts here? Although OJ was turned down for that show.
He was signed to be part of an HBO special title, OJ White versus Black, which is a documentary which pits the original verdict of not guilty to be hashed out with the vocal arguments between
lights and blacks also and yes, it is true.
HBO is going to premiere another show where cameras have followed George W. President Dump Schmidt through his daily work, a weekly program.
All of the Osborne's will air in early November, same as the OJ special. Early sneak peak footage, bushesine making funny faces to the camera and telling bad jokes.
As John Stossel says, give me an F and break. How do you like that from one of our chronic practices?
I don't.
So we can see what they think about the funny faces I read about that. He's one of his favorite things. Yeah, like, wow.
Yeah, like the, you know, the thumbs in the ears and that the thing with the fingers, you know, the Alfredi Newman deal. Of course, you don't have to act to do the Alfredi Newman deal.
Just act natural like the Beatles would say.
And he's catching up now in our pool. Who do you think we are?
I've represented the greatest threat to the world today. Born again, Christians, 109, but George W.
102 out of 369 votes. More Howard's got 50. Alcatta 37, Iraq 36. I think they're spreading them out today.
The not cases. Saudi or maybe 19 Iran 10 and Israel still stuck on six.
Get busy, Ariel. Let me get your Ariel out.
Yeah, that's how he finds him. You know, the Palestinians with it. He's got a long Ariel. He's got a divining rod.
26 past 11 at 560 WQ. We got the mad dog.
Coming up one o'clock today. I'm sure we'll still be clueling in the wake of that.
Often going on Sunday. It's only one game, baby. He'll be clueling talking about the electric atmosphere and about that Orlando Maray.
How come we never got any feedback on that? Because I asked the beast about that this morning. He like made fun of that.
Oh, no, he didn't. He said that's how I think he pronounced it.
You got to be talking to your buddy, Joe Castella, because he went to school with the Lindo and he would know how you pronounce his name.
Now if everybody else in the world says Orlando Maray, I'm assuming that we're all right, but it could be Orlando Maray rhymes with he can sure play and he's not gay.
What do you say? And they'll gay swear.
26 after 11 at 560 WQ AM. And let me tell you about Oliomet right now. You know, at this point you say to yourself, what more can you say but just gotten by some?
You know, after all this time, just go out and start taking it. What can it hurt? Of course not.
And it can only do good things for you. That's what it's all about. Oliomet is a little soft gel capsule. It's easy to take you just pop it right in your mouth.
And it contains good stuff and they make a different product geared to help each different part of your body or your health.
Your thing. It contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with vitamins, minerals and herbals. And they have one product specifically designed to help your heart.
One for your blood pressure to keep it down and calm. One for your cholesterol and one for your prostate. All of them in easy like I said, soft gel capsule.
Easy to pop. And it's also got the product for circulatory for your digestive endocrine system. You just get in both even your mind.
All using the benefits of the purest olive oil you've ever seen in your life and Oliomet makes products help men and for women's health as well.
So if you want to pick some up, just hop in the old car, get out on the highway and good luck to you and pick some up at Whole Food Markets, Walgreens, Sedanos and Nevorro Pharmacies.
You know who always says good luck to you? Yeah, I did. For more information called, well, this isn't as a count and thank God for more information call Oliomet at 1-866 Oliomet.
And that's 866 Oliomet. How's Skippy doing by the way? Seeing him lately? Not lately. And you can also order this outstanding product online if you like it. OliometAmerica.com. Maybe they know how Skippy's doing it. Oliomet.
Live in local, near sports radio, 560, UAM.
What's this obsession with hockey? Good morning. Owners are home lies at the heart of the American dream. It serves as the foundation of many Americans financial security.
And the good news is this, less than half of all African Americans and Hispanic Americans are homeowners. We must prevent minorities from owning a piece of the American dream.
So I have asked the Congress to join me in creating a second obstacle to minority homeownership, permanent complexity and difficulty of the purchasing process.
But government action isn't enough. That is why I have challenged the real estate industry leaders to join with the government in a major nationwide effort to increase obviously the unscrupulous lenders.
With an overriding and urgent mission, prevent minorities from owning a piece of the American dream. And we are doing just that.
Thank you for listening. And you welcome.
Mean spirited right wing bastards, I guess, is the best way to describe the bush brothers, you know?
Yeah. The whole family, the whole clan.
Boy, I keep thinking more about that gem bush thing, you know?
And then after hearing the audio, there was no joke intended. There was nothing that it was humorous.
The only joke was intended about the lesbians, you know, with a quote, that thing. But not a funny joke. Sick.
Really sick. And then that's what they're all about, just like that Dikes. I mean at the Broad Sin.
1131 at 560 WQM Bush administration plans to appoint scantily credentialed doctor to influence left the eighth panel on women's health policy, battle raging over doctors, writings recommend scripture readings and prayer for headaches and pre-mensural syndrome.
Just from time magazine. You ready for that? I'm walking myself in his writings recommend scripture readings and prayer for headaches and pre-mensural syndrome.
He'll lead the FDA panel that looks into hormone replacement therapy, the biggest issue when women's health.
By the way, prayer doesn't help. It says a quiet battle is raging over the Bush administration's plan to appoint a scantily credentialed doctor, Dr. W. David Hager,
to head an influential FDA panel on women's health policy, times Karen Tamalti reports and is quite a tumult about it.
Hager is an obstetrician gynecologist whose writings include a book title as Jesus cared for women, restoring women then and now, and stress in the women's body which he co-authored with his wife Linda.
The book stress puts an emphasis on the restorative power of Jesus Christ in one's life, and recommends specific stricture scripture readings and prayers for such ailments as headaches and pre-mensural syndrome time reports.
Though his resume describes Hager as a University of Kentucky professor, a university official says Hager's appointment is part time and voluntary and involves working with interns at Lexington Central Baptist Hospital, not the university itself.
In his private practice, two sources familiar with it say, Hager refuses to prescribe contraceptives to one married woman. Hager did not return several calls for comment, time magazine reports.
FDA advisory panels have, often have near final say over crucial health questions. If Hager becomes chairman of the 11 member reproductive health drugs advisory committee, he will lead its study of hormone replacement therapy for menopausal women, one of the biggest controversies in health care.
Some conservatives are trying to use doubts about such therapy to discredit the use of birth control pills which contain similar compounds.
The panel also made the key recommendation in 1996 that led to a pool of the abortion pill, RU486, a decision that abortion foes are still fighting.
Hager assisted the Christian Medical Association last August in a citizen's petition calling upon the FDA to reverse itself on RU486, saying it's endangered lives of the health and the health of women time reports.
Hager was chosen for the post by FDA senior associate commissioner Linda Erie Sgladani, a former drug industry lobbyist with longstanding ties to the Bush family.
Let me read that sentence again. Hager was chosen for the post by FDA senior associate commissioner Linda Erie Sgladani, a former drug industry lobbyist with longstanding ties to the Bush family.
Sgladani rejected at least two nominees proposed by FDA staff members. Donald R. Madison, former dean of the University of Pittsburgh School of Public Health, and Michael F. Green, director of maternal fetal medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital.
Despite pressure from inside the FDA to make Hager's appointment temporary, sources say Sgladani is insisted they be given a full four year term FDA spokesman Bill Pierce called Hager well qualified time reports.
How do you like that? I'm going to be ill. Exactly. Like I keep trying to tell you, baby, they stole the election and these right wing fundamentalist lunatics are taken over the whole guy named country.
They couldn't do it back when Reagan was in there. They came as close as they thought they ever were going to do back then. And then we kind of fended him off for a while because it come to find out that Bush one wasn't in that category. He wasn't of that mentality. And then of course, but I'm sure his all wasn't.
And so they had a steel election to work their way back in here so we can appoint fascists like this in very highly sensitive post to organizations like the FDA, etc.
And of course not to mention all the judges. Wow. Absolutely nauseating. I think you want apology by the way to Gary Condon. I will get to that. Serenity. More important story. Something more positive first. Okay. I don't I don't think she looks all like a man. Oh, he's a lot prettier and she is.
Unless is a bad picture. Terror read. Oh no, she's.
Cute. Totally. Huh? She's very cute. Well, she ain't cute in this picture. Okay. I'll take your word for it. This is page. No, don't take my word for it. Page 10 in this week's inquire.
When you're standing at the checkout at publics, just pick up this week's inquire. If you got it down there yet, it's the October. What is it? I don't know what the date is on it.
How come they don't put the date on these things? You know, or pages of life longer shelf life. Oh, makes it.
Dr. Here it is. October 15. So in other words, it's next week's because it always comes out a week at a time. If you get the new one, which we always have here like pronto.
Anyway, terror read moves in with Super Bowl. Huh Tom Brady. Oh. Super Bowl. But in quarterback Tom Brady is scored with one of Hollywood's wildest young stars. American.
Pai Cudi terror read the Hockey New England Patriot is so enamored of the Willowy Blond. He's moved her into his luxury Boston pad.
Tom flew in terror for a fun weekend and she never left, said a friend. I thought I thought we saw pictures after the Super Bowl. Him with his fiance in Hawaii with that some other broad.
Last spring, terror publicly revealed her interest in Tom right after they picked her. It's one of Super Bowl. He was named MVP in a magazine interview. She cried about her breakup with MTV's Carson daily and revealed she'd asked her agent to set her up with Brady.
Oh, you better do something out real good, honey. If Carson daily's been in there before Tom gets too close, you kidding me? Carson daily? Yeah. Oh my God. Let's cancel lunch for the whole world today. I know it's not you.
At first time, wasn't interested. He's known as a serious clean living guy and he'd heard all the stories about Tara. A series clean living guy. Right. What a sense of humor.
But then he changed his mind decided it might be fun to meet her. He floored a bar. Boston to watch the Patriots play on Monday night football on September 9. That's not the word he was thinking.
Wait a minute. They played Monday night on Monday night game. September 9. I guess that was preseason. No. Maybe that was the weapon they gave to the astievers. Was that a Monday night game? I don't remember.
And Tara lived up to a reputation. She was seen coming out of a bathroom in the stadium wobbling all over the place. He blamed it on her shoes.
Tom took her kind of like the they made in La Caja form. I mean, it was fun. All over the shoes. What that was his name? Jacob. Jacob.
Tom took her home and the next day he took her lunch at a tiny restaurant, Il Pignino. Then they went out to dinner a few nights later.
Another tiny restaurant. Ceros. He also took her into a Red Sauce game. If anybody park and they went to a broad street club, the place they went to the place.
Tara was all over the bar and dance floor. She even climbed on a table to dance and had to be ordered off by security. Then she suddenly buried her head under Tom's shirt.
Far from being embarrassed. He was loving it. Tom 25 and 20 70 year old terror were our partying again after the past with the jets on September 15. Yeah, I was right. That was the um uh still again.
Yeah, I got here. What was the score? I can 52 to something. Yeah, that's it. See that that's Carlos is that's the only score. He knows is 50 due to something. You know that he's just that's his thing. You know.
She inclat the doing. Anyway, they took a limited a limo to the exchange where Tara dragged Tom out of the dance floor said one friend.
At one point, they slipped away for some heavy duty smooching in a back room. Now the couple are inseparable.
The only time Tara left Tom's place was when his mom came in for the weekend, although Tom introduced her to his mother. She moved into a motel. I miss his Brady was in town.
As soon as mom left Tom, Tara right back into his pad and out of the Brady bunch, I guess a teammate added Tom is crazy about her.
And this picture her man. If this is what she looks like, he must just be crazy period. Did you not see American pie either? No, no. Okay. Oh, American pie movie. Yeah, but that's such a long time ago.
So you don't remember the blonde? No. Okay. You only person I remember from American pie was what's the name? Huh? Chris Klein? Chris Klein. I remember him. Don't see him anymore. He kind of vanished in the woodwork.
You see Josh. What's his name all over the place? Josh Friedman?
Oh, Josh Hartnett. Yes. If you ever noticed the tremendous striking similarity between Josh Friedman and Josh Hartnett, they both have two eyes and.
I was going to say two legs, but in Josh Friedman's case, how could you tell? You know 21 till noon at 560. So good luck to you Tommy. Okay. He had a couple of rough games there, but we still love you. And you're making more money than God and etc.
And so on. Everybody's right about Tom Brady. He ain't no J. Fieler. See, there's some of us who I mean, I was the Patriots fan. People don't believe that before. And by the way, most since you're listening right now, this business is not going to do blood. So.
You know, he's had a hell of a season for Buffalo so far, but the problem is that they have no defense. You know, I mean, granted you through a couple of balls to the guys on the other team, but the fact of the matter is he's throwing for like 350, 400 yards of game and the bills lose some of these games because they have no defense. In fact, that's probably why the rate is scored 52 points. Yeah, that it wasn't Carlos.
Yeah, I heard it was 152 to 31. But I mean, they're knocking him. What the hell is that? Well, I see supposed to play defense. Who is that the deal? Mo you idiot. You silly old.
A good. On the forget about the year that he was born and also forget those emails that you intercepted this morning. They were sent to me.
George has got some hot emails for you from the mobile. The mofo. Look at that. W is moving into first place. I think we're getting some for any votes under now. But boy, that's pretty close.
Keep it close. Okay. Keep it excited. Let's have a cliffhanger 20 till noon at 560 W to Q.A.M. And if you want to lose some weight, there are a lot of things out there. All these phony pills. A lot of them are bad for you too, by the way. Have all kinds of cramp in them.
And then of course, there the there's the stuff you're supposed to drink and you lose 20 pounds over now while you're sleeping that Hollywood, whatever they call it. If you really want to lose weight, the safe, delicious way.
And I've tried them all believe me. Palants for life is almost unbeatable because the food is delicious. It's not as restrictive as some of the other diets out there. And it's based on the zone diet, which is very effective, but highly complicated. They take all a complication out as a matter of fact this morning. I filled out my sheet.
For when I'm coming back in a few days, I filled my sheet out for the menu thing, which is all those are the only choices you make. They give you two choices for each meal and for each snack. And in your little black sack, they deliver you every day. There's the food. Delicious fresh goodies. If I was to have one, the Ruben wrap, that's my favorite.
They could give me a Ruben wrap every day for one of the meals and I'd be a happy camper. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, a little bottle of water in your black sack. That's all the food you need for the whole day. So you don't have to count calories. You don't have to count carbs. You don't have to do any shopping. And believe me, there's plenty of food in there to keep you satisfied and full all day long. And the weight will pour off your body just like the beast who lost 55 pounds and we'll see on Friday. How he's doing this week. Okay. And after the cruise is already okay, Beast, where I'm telling more about what you said this morning about Moe.
Here's the phone number balance for life. Call them at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine. Get started right away. The sooner you start, the sooner you're going to lose that weight nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check out their website at balance for life.com.
My phone is this is 420560. You can wait. You may.
You call that a penis?
Yes.
Yes.
I never thought that you could you.
All those naked girls and guys. So tonight I'm cleaning out my hard drive.
Squirt short.
1145 and 560 W. Come. Here's a cute fact from Chris who says last time my wife and I were invited to some friends house for dinner.
They've been raving about this great barbecue sauce they've discovered. Well, they served up some barbecue chicken smudged with
foodies, tropical barbecue sauce, formulated by the infamous shock shock they stated.
Foodies a shock, shock?
To sum up, to sum up this dining experience, I now know what eating Georgia's ass must taste like since Chris.
Oh, and so close to lunchtime too, you know what?
I don't even want to think about that. Although I will say this because of eating ass.
And I understand the reason the beast wanted off that morning show so bad is that under these when Moe is there, the people who work the show with them.
They have to soak their tongue in formaldehyde for an hour after they leave the show. I don't want to say what their tongues have to be for those three hours in the morning between six and nine.
But I guess the beast the beast couldn't handle it anymore.
Or maybe he just got a tongue lashing. Maybe that's what or what? Maybe I got my signals mixed there. Whatever.
So what was that? You're again 1921.
But Chandra's killer, the shocking confession, I think you own apology to a Gary Conduident. Although maybe not.
This is in the inquirer. So otherwise we wouldn't even bother with it. Who weren't in the inquirer and something this serious, this earthshaking in a sensational new development in the Chandra Levy murder case.
A brutal jailbird is confessed to a fellow inmate that he killed the Washington intern and was hired to do the job according to authorities.
It's that scumbag we've been talking about.
The move is thrown a dramatic new spotlight on the intern investigation, including Congressman Gary Conduident, the inquirer has learned.
And it comes as investigators are examining a new crime scene clue that could turn out to be a key piece of evidence in the case.
Police recently turned their attention to 21-year-old jailbird, Ingmar Guandique, a Salvadoran a day laborer who's serving time for violent knife attacks on two young women in Washington's Rock Creek Park.
Close to where Chandra's skull of the remains were found on May 22.
One of the assaults was carried out just a half mile away. Investigators showed their strong interest in Guandique by interviewing his brother no fewer than four times recently.
He techens are also trying to locate items of Guandique's clothing that can be subjected to forensic testing.
The explosive new murder for higher scenario is especially significant because inside his belief, Conduident had a strong motive for wanting Chandra out of the way. Like I said, we take back the apology.
Some investigators believe that Chandra was the target of a hitman hired to stop her from possibly revealing what she knew about some powerful men of Washington, a top-washington police source told the inquirer.
After all, she was kind of mistress and he had close ties to important intelligence information and the lifestyles of other politicians and lobbyists. This is all now being re-examined.
The attacks that sent Guandique to jail on a 10-year sentence occurred on May 14th and July 1st, 2001.
Just weeks after Chandra's May 1st disappearance in both cases, the knife-wielding thug, terrorized young women jogging in lonely sections of Rock Creek Park. He grabbed the women but they fought back and escaped.
Assisting US attorney Christina Amant called them a predator, turned the park into a hunting ground, selecting victims and stalking them before launching his vicious attacks. If that's the case, wouldn't that not contribute to being a pape killer? Right.
Anyway, it says in Chandra's killer or someone who was fit enough to scout out the remote and hazardous area of Rock Creek Park where Chandra 24 was found, according to former DC homicide detective Ted Williams.
The killer would have intimate knowledge of the hidden and little used parts of the park said Williams. He had to know that even if things went wrong and there was a horrendous struggle, even screaming no one would hear those sounds.
The killer had to believe that he'd carry out the crime undetected and he was proven right. The location was so remote that by the time the body was found, there was very little forensic evidence left.
After Guandique was sent to prison, one of his cellmates confessed to detectives that the convicted attacker told him that he killed Sean and claimed he was hired to do it.
The prisoner told detectives that Guandique, most of the stab-chandra death in Rock Creek Park and they even hired for the killing said the police source, but the information was disregarded because the cellmate failed to polygraph test and Guandique passed.
Recently, however, with a case stalled, detectives decided to think under Look at Guandique and his alleged confession and they were stunned to find that both polygraphs were botched because both prisoners spaked a spoked Spanish spake and the spack spaked spicked and the lie detector test was administered with an interpreter translating for them.
Experts believed that only a bilingual polygraph examiner could get a true result. Better bring them to the state county, I guess.
Using an interpreter is a big problem retard near a police officer and actually known polygraph expert, William Howton, told the inquire in a relation to the harness driver Billy Howton Reston piece.
Questions and answers are distorted and the results are always inconclusive. In a polygraph exam, the prison being tested must be convinced that there is no way he can lie without his body movements giving him away, that does not happen when he used an interpreter.
But if Guandique is the killer investigators, don't believe he knew Shonda, or hadn't included to why she had a die, it wasn't Guandique who lured her to the scene of her death. She left her apartment that they expected to meet someone she knew and trusted and inside her be sane.
Shonda was there in the park because someone told her to be there, she was set up for a kill. A killer can be hired with lawyers built in so that with lawyers built in Mather, so the initiator of the hit is completely insulated.
Detectives have been frustrated by Guandique's refusal to talk to them again. We'd like to interview him but his lawyer's position is that he doesn't want to talk. A source posted investigation told the inquire.
They've claimed up adding weight to the new murder for higher theory detectives of all but discarded one scenario in which the intern died at the hands of a serial killer.
A serial killer is always inviting law enforcement to find him, always trying to outsmart the police for more DC detective Williams now leading attorney told the inquire, the only way he can convince himself he's doing that is by successfully striking again.
There hasn't been a death like Sean Relivies and Washington since he disappeared 60 months ago. DC police chief Charles Ramsay confirmed that Guandique has someone more interested in.
All right. Not a suspect to understand. Of course, someone someone interested in plus he's an asslimer for all his other things. And he added we have not excluded anyone which obviously includes Condit.
Condit is ten year in Congress and in January is under investigation by grand jury for allegedly obstructing the investigation into Sean's disappearance according to published reports.
DC exercised his fifth member rights and did not testify when he was subpoenaed by the grand jury in April 12.
Meanwhile an intriguing new crime scene clue is emerged four months after police searchers left the inquires learned.
Private investigator is working for Sean's parents Bob and Susan Lee. Recently spent 12 hours on their hands and knees searching for missing bones that might provide a clue to the way she died.
They were unsuccessful but close to where Sean was found. They did uncover a single heart contact lens which is now being examined by the FBI laboratories in Quantico, Virginia.
Anyone who's ever at the scene has been asked if they lost a lens and no one did said the close source and Sean's parents have told us she never wore lenses.
Finding that lens was like finding a needle in a haystack and it could be really significant.
Hopefully teardrop material will be still on the lens to provide a DNA match plus the prescription will narrow down the identity of the murder.
How do you like that? They were down there and their hands and knees for 12 or 13 hours.
A budget Kathy Willis was jealous. Oh, and speaking of that, what a good segue. Thank you.
Excellent. From the salon premium exclusive, I tell you one thing for a bucket of half a day. It's well worth it. You know that salon premium thing.
I put it on the decision credit card. It should be laughing. The station don't have no credit card.
No, that's what they laugh. Panic in the sheets by Damien Cave. This is a very long piece and I won't bore you with all of it, but it's certainly worth knowing about.
Abstinence crusaders are exploiting fears of a mysterious virus to scare teens away from having sex.
No condoms just when it doubts scare them out.
Scare the crap out. Dr. Patricia Sulak wearing a wireless microphone in a plain dark suit strides across an auditorium stage in Copa-Rusco, Texas.
Or is that copper ass? Copper ass.
And the scrabbs and graphic detail, the contagious oozing and occasionally deadly viruses that are the consequences of adolescent sex oozing.
The hour-long lecture given this day to a wrapped audience of 800 local school district employees covers everything from pregnancy to AIDS.
But one topic in particular seems to grab that doctor's attention. Human papaloma virus or HPV.
Did you know that's what that stood for, papaloma virus? No.
I thought papaloma was that tiny restaurant Tom Brady took what's the name to?
I thought it was that town in Spain where they run away from the bulls.
It is.
In the first 10 minutes of our lecture she mentions the sexually transmitted disease three times in HIV only once.
She shows graphic pictures of people with HPV infections but no photographs of anyone with AIDS.
And when she speaks it like about HPV in a slight Ross Perot drawl that cements the impression that she's a straight shooter, Sulak seems to revel in the virus's frequency and effects.
How many people know that human papaloma virus is the most common sexually transmitted disease that causes cervical cancer she has, then she offers a handful of factoids.
50% of sexually active women have been infected. In one study 90% of sexually active adolescents were infected with HPV.
Even if a small percentage develops problems, so many people are infected that way of a huge health problem is copies you be saying.
Even more frightening, Sulak says is the fact that HPV can't be prevented to save sex because it thrives on the skin in the genital area.
HPV can be passed on even if condoms are worn.
The only way to keep the public safe from this dangerous virus Sulak argued is through long term monogamy.
And they're in the name of Peebuk safety is Sulak's agenda.
Along with being a doctor and a professor of medicine at Texas A&M University, Sulak is also the founder of Worth the Weight.
A popular F-N-S education program that seeks to educate adolescents and adults on the consequence of teen sexual activity.
Thus, for Sulak, HPV is worth emphasizing, not just because it's dangerous, but also because it seems to puncture the myth that condoms can keep you safe.
That's the key idea that Sulak cameras home and the one that hundreds of F-N-S education programs now preach would zeal.
Indeed, while HPV was largely unheard of only a decade ago, it's now the social conservatives STD-Douzure, a part of a, and of nearly every abstinence curriculum lecture and website, the number one weapon we have is Leslie Unra, founder of the Eftin's Clearinghouse and Network of Abstinence Educators.
In fact, the jury is still out on the actual health threat posed by HPV and the efficacy of condoms to vented medical research is inconclusive.
But in the absolute-minded black and white world of these sex-fearing conservative right, uncertainties are an easily avoided hurdle.
Abstinence only advocates are using nothing less than the threat of death to prevent young people from engaging in sex with or without a condom.
For people like Unra who calls HPV the silent killer and President Bush who plans to increase abstinence only education funding by $50 million, are gendered from scientific complexity.
The scare tactic with its potential for reducing condom use and a concomitant increased risk of HIV and unwanted pregnancies is their chosen strategy regardless of public health implications.
It goes on pages and pages and pages on salon premium.com.
Stit 12 to 1 hour!
Oy, Vain!
Here, close my heads. It's me, Janet Boobs a granite renal, and I am hot, man. I am key-ord. Just plain old, hand off.
What in the name of Sam Hill happened is what I want to know. First they had trouble with dangling chants. Now they got these touchscreen jobbies that don't work worth a crap.
I think they got them from Jet Blue. There are some of them old ones that used to play electronic poker on. I mean, having Subbessie, this is voting it serious.
I know that after the week-out I will beat a victor. Actually, let me clarify, I will still be Janet. But I will also be victor. Capiche?
I got half a mind to get my red Toyota 4x4 pickup and head down to Havana. I'll load up some locals and put this thing over the tap.
The biggest problems were indeed in Broward, counties. Two of my strongest areas. I mean, I personally slept over 4,000 men and women in those aforementioned areas, which should have secured me certain victory.
But instead, I got to put a hold ski on my new victory party. God, hammers and nails, I'm freaking. Not to mention in the middle of this whole mess of crap, one of my beans went bad on me.
I'll bet you dollars to donuts that little bastard Ili and Gonzales had something to do with this. Either that or that DM Marino. I never bought into that whole Ica-Toner Glob-Dealy-Bab.
You ain't heard the last from Janet Boob's at Granite Reno, Florida.
And thank goodness for that. 12-0105-60WDQM are big noon to one hour. The Mad Dog Jim Mantichel, lead an hour.
James Pete Pinkerton, the rights of Com for News Day in New York rights, the Bush doctrine leaps into history, wage first right order, achieve peace, the consequences could be enormous, he says.
Most television networks chose not to cover President Bush's speech yesterday. There'd be no real news they were told.
Indeed, the White House wanted to low-key the talk, perhaps to avoid accusations that it was wagging the dog in regard to the midterm elections.
And so the networks were eager to carry on with their commercial programming, but long after King of Queens and Fear Factor are forgotten, people will remember 2002 as the year that Bush propounded a new doctrine for the world, one likely to define the next century.
To be sure much of Bush's speech was devoted to the question of why now for Saddam Hussein, as the President said by its past and present actions, by its technological capabilities, by the merciless nature of its regime, Iraq is unique.
But he also said, for the sake of peace we will lead a coalition to disarm him, we cannot wait for the final proof.
First strike war to achieve peace, that's a new doctrine for America. That's the Bush doctrine. It's likely to be remembered right up there with other doctrines that receive relatively little notice when first propounded, but that proved to be vast the consequential in the past.
And so it was a new doctrine for the fullness of time.
For example, the Monroe doctrine wasn't even an unseated in the speech, and the word doctrine was used at all. It was first expressed in the written message to Congress in December 2, 1823.
President James Monroe, I'm getting choked up about it.
President James Monroe noting the anti-Spanish revolutions throughout South America and worrying about future interventions declared that it was impossible for European powers to extend their political system to any force to be the continent without endangering our peace and happiness.
At the time, the world cared little about what the U.S. had to say, but over the next century, as American power burgeoned, the Monroe doctrine became Uncle Sam's rationale for dozens of military interventions in Latin America.
Similarly, the Truman doctrine had modest beginnings. It was simply a speech that President Harry Truman gave to Congress March 12, 1947 in which he said the U.S. must help Greece and Turkey resist communist encroachment.
At the anti-Edit, I believe it must be the policy of the U.S. to support free peoples who are resisting attempted subjugation by armed minorities or by outside pressures.
Truman hadn't reached this conclusion right away for nearly two years after WW2 as administration had seasawed on the role of the U.S. in the world, but the Truman doctrine of aiding anti-communist regimes was followed up two months later by the Marshall Plan for aiding in the reconstruction of Europe.
Those initiatives were the beginnings of the Cold War punctuated by hot wars in Korean Vietnam and addition to bidding wars for the loyalties of so-called non-line countries, and so it is with Bush.
It's only gradually becoming obvious that he is a grand plan for the world. After the 9-11 attacks, he mostly focused on Osama bin Laden and Mola Mohammed Omar, and in military operations that commenced year and a day ago, the U.S. routed the Taliban from Afghanistan.
But beginning with his 2002 state of the Union address Bush escalated, he unleashed the phrase, axis of evil, referring not to al-Qaeda or the Taliban, but to Iraq, Iran, and North Korea. Then came his speech at West Point in June on which he called for preemptive action against potential enemies.
The world is paying attention. The stock market goes downward, Bush talks about war, or anything else, even as oil prices rise. The Russians have been making noises that they wish to apply the document in neighboring Georgia and speculation of bonds that others, China, Indian, Israel, will use the Bush President to settle their own scores.
And that's the point. Any action generates a reaction not always foreseen. Indeed, one of the cornerstones of world security limits on the number of nuclear weapons could soon fall victim to the feeding among third world nationalists that only weapons amassed destruction offer safety from the Pentagon.
Louise in Aseo Lula, the silver. What is it? You don't know him. Louise in Aseo Lula, the silver. The next president of Brazil suggested to a Rio de Janeiro audience on September 13th, the country such as Brazil have been foolish to abide by the nuclear non-proliferation treaty.
Lula, of course, is a leftist critic of the West and its economic system, but if the U.S. has its non-negotiable doctrines, other countries will have theirs as well.
It may be that the Bush administration is foreseen the danger of a world in which other countries feel emboldened with the enemies and build up their arsenals. It may also be that Bush is intoxicated with the thought of a doctrine in his name.
Either way, future historians will be studying his words closely, recognizing that something huge began in 2002. Right, James Pinkerton, news day.
Something big began in 2002. Do you think it was like a Mohawar Choy to talk to him about? That started in 2002. I think so, March. Yeah. Time flies. Yeah, too big for the beast though.
These can't be on that show. And when a moh isn't there and beast is doing the updates, that's all they can do. Zip the lip, baby. No editorial comments. No sitting there and mouth it off. Okay, with Gully in between. Just do the updates and zip your lip. If you know what's good for you, okay, Fetzal? Just waddle down the hall. Get the stuff off the news wire and just stick to that crap.
Just stick to your hook, or a hook on crap. Abuse Commission recommends creation of registry listing removed priests. This isn't the Boston Globe.
Judge rules Shanley and Pacqun's psychiatric records should be released. All right. A registry listing the names of priests removed from their ministries after credible allegations of sexual abuse as among a series of recommendations made to Cardinal Bernard Law yesterday and he's still there. It's just shocking. In the final report from a commission set up to protect children from sexual predators.
In its 52 page report, the commission for the protection of children reiterated many recommendations that made an earlier draft reports, including the immediate removal from duty of clergy and staff after receiving a credible allegation of sexual abuse immediate removal.
Law, who made privately with commission before the final report was made public, said in a statement that he'll review the recommendations with canon lawyers and to arch diocesan councils. He said he hopes to put the recommendations in place as policy by December 1.
It's comprehensive nature makes it a great value and the ongoing work of formulating the revised policy of the archdiocese law said commission chairwoman marine vapeman said the report costs for substantial policy and structural changes to both the prevention of child abuse.
We have only one agenda and that's to heal the victims that prevent any of the victims from occurring vapeman said.
Do you think there's anything new in here now that's recommendations about doing this and mandatory reporting to civil authorities for all clergy church staff and volunteers within 24 hours of receiving report of a credible allegation that the child has been abused.
Full cooperation with civil investigating authorities and no independent interviewing of juvenile victims by church personnel immediate removal from duty for clergy and staff after receiving credible allegations with no return to ministry or work for anyone who engages in sexual activity with a minor.
And it goes on and on and on and other developments yesterday suffix superior court judge constant sweety.
No relations are brought Boston Bruins of the defenseman Don Swini ruled that the psychiatric records of two priest Paul Shamley and a model of Pac-win should be released.
Swini said the confidentiality of the records are not protected under state law.
Both Shamley and Pac-win had opposed the release of the records too bad you guys lose.
Okay losers back into the cell.
Sniper's still on the loose by the way.
Are you ready for that? No. Are you surprised? No. Sniper's still on the loose.
Iran denies airspace for a racquetack. Iran will not allow the west to use its airspace to attack Iraq and its armed forces will defend the country's territory before ministry say yes today.
We hope such an error will not be committed by anybody. Ministry spokesman Hamid Rizaz Sefe said it's clear our armed forces are prepared to defend the country's territorial integrity and its airspace in land.
The Islamic Republic will not accept such acts in any way in any way shape or form.
He said Iran was not a friend of Iraq but will not take part in any military operation to topple Iraqi President Saddam Hussein.
Iraq's neighbors fear a U.S. Iraq war when he stabilized the region and Iran fears U.S. influence in the region would increase if Washington succeeds in ousting Saddam.
Iran as we all know fought a 1980-88 war when they bring Iraq and the two sides still view each other with suspicion.
Iran has suffered a lot from Iraq and at the same time it doesn't forget America's hostilities. Iran will not participate in any attack on a Muslim neighboring country.
It doesn't accept use of force in international relations they be saying.
Iran has intensified its diplomatic efforts to help avert a possible U.S. military attack to topple Saddam but has said it would stay away from the confrontation.
As Sefe said British Foreign Secretary Jack Strawh will pay a two day visit to Iran beginning tomorrow to discuss heightened tension in the region.
As Sefe said Iran was not aware of Strawh would carry any message from the U.S. foreign Iran.
Earlier this maybe he'll bring some spotted dick and tot in the hole.
Earlier this month Iran hosted officials from its arch foes Iraqi Foreign Minister Najee Sabri and Kuwait's defense minister Sheikh Jabr Mubarak Al-Saba with Saudi-Seeking Iranian friendship in Al-Saba seeking Iranian support to punish Saddam.
Iran has repeatedly said it opposes a possible U.S. attack on Iraq but said it would support any led action against Baghdad if inspectors confirmed that the Iraqi regime was still developing weapons of mass destruction.
So you know what they basically said?
About a week? About a week? Like that? About a being?
Here's our poll question today. Who do you think represents the greatest threat in the world today?
443 votes. Many of them suspected best. George W. Bush 125. Born again Christians 119.
Mohawar David is moving up the ladder baby 62.
Beast must have voted multiple times on this.
Al-Qaeda 49 Iraq 44 Saudi Arabia 22 Iran 12 and Israel only got 10.
Like I said they got 14 yesterday they only got 10 so far today.
But they still got some time it's still Tuesday.
They do a lot of nighttime activity too. Is that what it is?
10 minutes past noon at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
Does this sound like you overworked?
Underpaid? Stuck at a dead end job and underappreciated?
Then do yourself a humongous favor. Quick be in a sucker.
Okay pick up the phone and call the people at fast train and get you an education and a real job and a real paycheck.
Call toll free 1-866 fast train.
Like we keep telling the demand for certified computer professionals has never been greater than it is right this moment.
And fast train can up you achieve that new career in as little as four months.
Fast train is South Florida's largest certified Microsoft training center.
And they got four South Florida locations for you. They're all over the place.
They're in Pemberpines for Lauderdale Miami and now the brand new one in Kindle.
Fast trains got convenient to eating weekend classes for you too.
Fast train has got a full-time job placement department with over 30 years experience.
So if you're overworked underpaid, underappreciated, stuck at a dead end job working for a real major asshole, a real liar, then don't wait another minute.
Pick up the phone and call fast train at 866 fast train.
Think about it in just four short months you'll be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional and a career with great earning potential.
Take my advice. Pick that thing up right now. Rub it a little bit and call fast train at 866 fast train.
That's one 866 fast train or check them out on the web of course at www.fasttrained.com.
Find a local. This is 566. Three years on your account.
You way.
That was a nice.
When you're into a romantic mood with your guy and he wants to tap that alternate input.
But are you put off? Do you find the thought of that kind of thing just too uncomfortable to even consider?
Well now there's a solution to that dilemma.
Famous Anus expansion cream. Just put a dab of Famous Anus around your pucker.
And in just a few minutes your third input will stand a full four inches making anal a breed.
So don't disappoint him. Get it to the Famous Anus. You'll bet your ass you'll love it.
1214 at 560 WQM. She did say pucker didn't she? I sure hope so.
453 votes and I pull and George W is a just a tremendous a Titanic struggle air George W129 and born again Christians 121.
And Moe is still in their third place 64. He's hanging on it.
This story that you just passed me is enough to make me get on my hands and ease and puke out everything I ate today.
It was I need them that they have.
But this is nauseating 10 years sentence and medical podcast.
This is from the Sacramento B Brian James Epis and we're not making it up.
This is the epis the first person associated with a California medical marijuana dispensary to be tried in a federal court for growing pot.
Was sentenced yesterday in Sacramento to a mandatory 10 years in prison.
For growing pot right legally epis 35 insists the crop in his Chico house was only for himself and for the seriously old people whose positions had recommended the drug and conformance with California's 1996 compassionate use act.
But he ran head on into a federal law that makes no allowance for medical necessity.
The cases become a rallying point for medical marijuana proponents nationwide who view it as the ultimate injustice to come from the chasm separating state and federal law.
More particularly these advocates contend epises a victim of Sacramento federal prosecutors willing to pursue such a case in contrast to their counterparts and other districts.
Epis himself told US district judge Frank C. Damrell Jr. that he made a mistake in not growing the marijuana in the San Francisco Bay through the district California where I not would not have been charged he said.
Meanwhile a handful of epis supporters gave that outside the court house waving signs in the midday heat Americans for safe access spokeswoman Amanda Whitmore said the number was small because of confrontations between demonstrators and government officials during epis trial and their fallout.
I know there were people who hadn't been messed with for 10 or 20 years until they came out here and protested during the trial with more said they've been harassed ever since.
But it's never got a change if we all stay at home.
Some supporters have a placards comparing the government's treatment of medical marijuana users to its treatment of terrorists others were what is that?
Something of plastic pot. I guess I don't know what that is a plastic. It's a misprint plastic pot leaves like a buttons you know things inside.
I don't know what that is not within his power to resolve the conflict between the federal zero tolerance policy and laws in nine states allow medical use.
It's up to the Congress of the US Supreme Court to deal with the disparities said.
The federal listed listen attentively for two and a half hours to arguments by defense lawyer Jay Tony Sarah and US attorney Samuel Wong peppering them both with tough questions.
Lays the word is lays like the Hawaiians.
Where is it?
L. L. L. L. L.
What's where is that?
Lays are plastic.
But it looks like L. E. L.
This is a copy of what you got.
Understand it.
It looks like L. E. L. they were lays of plastic pot leaves.
Okay. Now we got to thank you.
I'm thinking what is L. E. L. S. L. S. they were Ls on their lapels.
Sarah famous San Francisco with her known for his passionate process and expressive body language didn't disappoint.
Ultimately, however, he failed a verse way.
Damro the sentence epispy low the minimum 10 years.
Wong specializes in marijuana prosecutions. Well, shouldn't he be proud?
His cool demeanor is the antithesis of Sarah's that Wong's urging the federal judge found that episp was a manager or supervisor of a criminal enterprise.
However, Damro rejected the prosecutor's position at epispy live to the jury and his guilty of obstructing justice.
He gave his interpretation of events to judge.
We call the jury didn't believe him, but that doesn't mean he obstructed justice.
He's a crook where Wong's final words before Damro and Procense.
How do you like that? He's a crook.
Yeah.
Sarah retorted, Wong has to justify this for his own conscience.
So he's just being a cynic and saying that it was a money operation and it never was.
In fact, it's quantified for the maximum amount of good time. 54 days a year.
He will serve approximately 85% of the sentence, which it sounds like to me, does it even have years?
Yes.
Eight and a half years.
He has an electrical engineering and law degrees. No prior criminal record.
He said he started using marijuana to manage chronic pain from a car accident.
The jury found him guilty of conspiring to go at least a thousand marijuana plants in his Chico home and actually growing at least a hundred plants in 1997.
Proposition 215 California's Medical marijuana initiative was approved by the voters the previous year.
In testimony of trial and again Monday before Damro, Ella piss insisted there was no conspiracy that he informed the people with doctors recommendations.
We're growing the pot for their individual use.
Whatever was left over was given to Chico's cannabis club.
Epis help establish for distribution to its patients, he said.
Wong's theory that he was driven by an image of huge profits is so outlandish, he said yesterday.
Sarah told the judge the jury showed not a wit of compassion for a good human being who was alleviating his own chronic pain and trying to help others.
The attorney also said the judge didn't give us a defense when he instructed the jury not to consider medical necessity evidence.
Damro pointed out that he was simply following the dictates of the federal law.
He's no different than any other drug trafficker this court has seen and sent to jail.
Wong said of Epis.
But Sarah predicted history will ultimately vindicate Bryant Epis.
He's a martyr to the war between the Freds and medicine for the sick and dying eight and a half years in jail.
Minimum he's going to serve.
We're growing pot plants for a municipal purposes.
I want to cry.
It's a Zine America baby. It's all I can tell you.
While the rest of the free world is either decriminalizing or legalizing or both are very seriously talking about it.
America continues with this insane, this maniacal war on drugs.
This war against the forces people to be in pain.
Crazy people.
That's what you'd either way.
Website fights copyrights in world.
He's having to make he's going to be really a psychotic when he hears about this.
Is there Mickey Mouse's day and get that blue, uh, that blue bird crap office over to Mickey Mouse's days.
It doesn't it could be numbered in paying royalties for warbling George Gershwin tunes could become a thing of the past.
If the US Supreme Court sides with an internet publisher in a landmark copyright case this week.
The court will hear the case tomorrow that could plunge the earliest images of Disney's mascot and other closely help creative property into the public domain as early as next year.
If I'll tell they precedent setting challenge could cost movie studios and heirs of authors and composers millions of dollars in revenue as previously protected material becomes available free of charge.
An issue was a 1998 law that extended copyright protection and additional 20 years for cultural works thereby protecting movies plays books and music for a total of 70 years after the author's death or for 95 years from publication for works created by or for corporations.
The law was almost immediately challenged by Stanford University law professor Lawrence Lesser on behalf of Eric Eldred who has been posting work by Nathaniel Hawthorne Henry James and others on his website.
The plaintiffs lost their case to trial and out an appeal but some many observers by persuading the Supreme Court to hear the case.
Nobody has ever attacked the extension of copyright before said Lionel Sobel editor of the entertainment law review.
We said the internet has pumped up the demand for images that are now protected.
Now we have thousands of people who want to create a website and would like to have ready access to a whole library material Sobel said.
The copyright term extension act of 1998 was sponsored by the late representative son E. Bono and quickly became known as the Mickey Mouse Extension Act because of aggressive lobbying by Disney whose earliest representation of its squeaky voice mascot were set to pass into the public domain in 2003.
The impact of the law stands far beyond corporations, small music publishers, orchestras, even church choirs that can't afford to pay high royalties to perform some pieces that they suffer by having to wait in the initial 20 years for copyrights to expire.
Composition such as Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue which would have passed into the public domain in 1998 are not protected until at least 2018.
Vox Byron is teningway and F. Scott has zeroed were also due to become pubic property.
Lesser claims congress acted unconstitutionally by extending copyright protection 11 times over the content the Constitution grants Congress the right to grant copyright protection for a limited time and that the founding fathers intended for copyrights to expire so works to enter the public domain and spark new creative efforts to update them.
Yeah, like Mickey Mouse with a different haircut. Right. Mickey Mouse with spiked hair would be good. That would be nice.
The plaintiffs also claim that by extending copyright protection retroactively Congress has an effect made copyright perpetual largely in response to corporate pressure.
The government and groups representing movies studios and record labels argue that the Constitution gives Congress not the courts the job of balancing the needs of copyright holders in the public especially in the face of new technology.
Backers of the extension also argue that the Internet and Digital Reproduction of Movies music threatened the economic viability of creating those works that's required greater protection.
This is essentially the dispute about policy dressed up as a constitutional question the Walt Disney Company said in a statement.
Elder to simply try to second guess what Congress has already decided and we believe the Supreme Court should reject their attempt said that Disney people.
From them.
Disney's come under special criticism because the company we've to fortune making films from such public domain fair retail characters as snow white and Cinderella but is fighting to prevent others from doing the same of characters like Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck.
Legal expert said it would be unlikely that Disney other companies would suffer immediate harm if copyrights expire on the movies and characters.
Mickey Mouse for example is not only a character but a corporate trademark which never aspires long as they're in use.
Only the copyright on the Mickey Portrait and Disney's earliest films such as 1928 steamboat willy would expire in the next few years.
The more rounded modern mouse family from it you today is a later creation and would remain protected for several more years.
Well who the hell wants to see the silly old skinny mouse from steamboat would if you ever seen that thing of course many time.
I got it looks like Karen Carpenter on the two on acid.
Let's see it.
Oh steamboat willy the boopie.
That's what got to me was that steamboat will I just going to have to play that bit I guess you know I can't control myself.
Oh let's see we got Miss Universe Ex scandal with President Poon Tang.
Got that coming up.
And I guess we got time for this before the break.
Many me bounces back after his booze nightmare.
You know where he used to get both of his booze in the hotels in the minibars.
Anyway many me actor Vern Troyer is back in a big way in his favorite role as ladies man after a near fatal case of alcohol poisoning.
The pint-sized star is bounced back as a pitchman for the world's smallest remote control cars.
An MTV sexy Daisy Fuentes was there for the big occasion.
It shows him here this is what is this it's the one of these tabloids and he's got a he's holding it in his hand in the little remote control car too.
God that car is like it it's like the size of your thumb right.
The guts he little guy nearly drank himself to that over troubles with his model girlfriend.
Jean-Vieff Gallon as the inquire reveal exclusively in our October 1st issue.
So I guess we know it's in the inquire he was hospitalized today with the complications to his heart and liver caused by overdosing on booze.
Now excuse me but he had a romance with like a real living and breathing woman.
He's a celebrity.
You know I see but it's hard to keep the feisty two foot eight Austin power star down.
And just weeks after his collapse the tiny tour opposed with radio shacks miniature zips apps at the formal auction and the way which the pictures right here.
Daisy obviously thinks it's a great idea.
MTV's sexy Daisy Fuentes.
She's a once-to-rubb his ballspot and that cute.
He ain't no Timmy I'll tell you that.
There was only one Timmy and at Dan Conny on there with at all the crap on her post she ain't no Timmy either.
You're not watching that show yet?
No.
You better get with it mister.
He four time runs out and the way this administration is going man it might run out sooner than we think.
The way these Board of End Christians are going.
They want to drag us into Armageddon.
Come on everybody hop on board.
The trains leaving right now.
Could be a bumpy ride across the Atlantic but nevertheless we'll give it our best shot.
471 votes.
George W. the most dangerous the greatest threat to the world of age.
George W. 136.
Board of End Christians 124.
Mohawar David 69.
Interesting number.
Which is also his age.
I don't know what his age is.
I would say about 64 wouldn't you?
That's not about right mid-six.
Al kind of 52 Iraq 45 Saudi Arabia 22 Iran 12 and his 11.
I got somebody working very hard on an age thing.
I'm checking that out from some people we know some contacts we have in New York.
The Pinkerton's 26 past noon at 560 WQA.
Tom Lehman loves this show.
He loves me.
He loves you people listen to the show and that's why once again he's brought back the Neil Deal at Halop Pontiac GMC.
Save gigantic dollars in Al Pontiac's GMC's and stock always.
But just mention you heard this commercial on the Neil Rogers show and you'll save even more than usual.
That's right.
Every vehicle is marked with what is supposed to be the lowest price right there on the windshield.
But mention the Neil Rogers deal and save even more.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including that snazzy envoy voted by Motor Trends SUV of the year.
And check out the all new Vibe SUV that's got the power of a sensational sports car.
Of course, Halop's always got a great dependable selection of pre-owned cars, parts and SUVs.
You can buy a car almost any place.
But you're going to enjoy shopping at Halop because there's no high pressure.
They treat you right and that's why they've been in the same great location there for 35 years plus.
That's 134 or 1 soft fix.
The US1 right across from the falls.
And if anybody else turns you down for credit when you try to buy a vehicle, no problem because Halop is here that cuts your deal.
So get you a great unbeatable Neil Rogers deal right now at Halop Pontiac GMC.
Right across from the falls on US1 open every day seven days a week.
Halop Pontiac GMC who do say we are professional grade.
We are sports radio fighters.
You a.
Don't do my job as well when I'm constipated.
My.
Mr. Mouse.
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper?
You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn.
Well, sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs.
You are killing me.
But sir, look who he's done with New York City Times Square.
Point on.
Point on.
And on.
Raymond.
Raymond.
What are all the vacuum cleaner, Raymond?
Get that blue bird out of here.
Okay, boss.
I'm not.
But sir, look who he's doing.
Midtown man had 40 second street is incredible.
I don't want.
Publicly, I supported that.
But you took all the point away.
You're killing me.
I'm going through a garrison scum like pets.
We're just scouting areas calm.
Dad.
Listen to me, but much don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with Lee Loan's stitch, $128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin the whole of the network.
What kind of programming are you running?
It is my way.
Hang on a minute.
The big dude does.
Raymond.
You got the blue bird crap all over your shoulder.
It's playing yourself up for heaven's sake.
And turn off the vacuum cleaner.
Okay, boss.
Good God.
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bob movie.
They're 60 years old.
Why don't you just put steamboat willing on and be done with it?
Lisa, I'd make a couple of damn towers.
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned we were in stitch and now we have the new M Night Shummer on movie coming out later this summer.
Oh, it has signs.
What the hell does that mean?
Stop sign, yield sign.
You got a sex swing in some of these title cast me.
Please.
Oh, what do you mean?
Raymond.
Here you go.
I know you can't hear me.
Raymond.
You're still running on the market, Planner.
You're done running.
You're done running.
You're done running.
You're done running.
You're done.
Raymond, send me the blue bird.
All right.
I sir.
Yes sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with you.
What?
I've done, sir.
I'll put Hannah Sturman in your job.
But sir, I'm unretairable.
I'm sorry.
Maybe I put Raymond in there.
I don't want to be president of Disney Remus.
Oh, man.
What a wonderful day.
Get out of here, you nut thang.
Call 33 at 560.
I could hear that like 15 times today and I would never stop.
It would never stop taking my fancy, you know.
Just something about that Uncle Raymond is in that blue bird.
What a wonderful day.
Miss Universe X scandal.
Yet Russian beauty had a red hot fling with prey and sources claims as the star.
A tour to pair with Russia's president Vladimir Pune, may have helped
Ossana Fedorovah when they misuniverse Pagin, but it ultimately caused her to lose her
crown under a cloud of speculous speculation, sources are telling the star.
When the Russian beauty 23 was sacked September 24th and replaced by a run-up, justine
Pasek of Panama 23, it touched off a firestorm of rumors.
Some said Fedorovah was let go because she was pregnant and secretly married to a Russian
boyfriend Vladimir Gulabov, both events which would disqualify her from the turtle.
Others hinted at reports that she put on 15 pounds while still another claim that Fedorovah
was hiding a dark secret.
A steamy fling with the very married president Vladimir Pune, who is from her hometown
of St. Petersburg that's Russia not Florida, you idiots.
Not many people know what the source claims but Fedorovah has been kept as a mistress by
Pune Tang.
He had a secret apartment in Moscow and the two of them spent many passionate evenings
there, says the source.
Russian critics said that the Pune Tang pressured judges to name Fedorovah the winner of the
misresher Pagin, ensuring her entry to the misuniverse Pagin.
Ossana denied all the rumors but five months after she won, all that bad publicity, tarnishing
the misuniverse title and Fedorovah's refusal to do the job led to her dismissal.
We've been over backward to please Ossana, as a Pagin, the president, Paul Oshugart, but
in the end we had to give her an ultimate of a little up to responsibilities.
Donald Trump who owns the misuniverse Pagin told Star, it's too bad it didn't work out
with Ossana, she's a very beautiful woman, but Justine is doing a great job and she's
just as beautiful, she's fantastic.
And I love the very my head between those teats.
It's not as if pretty police officer Fedorovah's obligations weren't spelled out beforehand.
When Ossana won the crown, it was clear she'd have to travel to become a goodwill ambassador,
Shugart said.
She mentioned that she needed to finish her studies and we set aside all of October
for the completed graduate law degree in Russia.
But when the stunning cop didn't live up to her end of the bargain, things got ugly.
Ossana's first official order of business was a trip to Africa and June to help her understand
the devastation of AIDS in African countries.
Instead of going alone, she insisted on taking your boyfriend's niece along.
From there they joined her bow in Greece where the three of them continued on to Paris.
Suddenly the beauty queen now she wanted to return to Russia with her boyfriend who runs
a Moscow business empire.
We tried to be sensitive to Ossana's or let her go for five or six days as Shugart, who
set up a return ticket to New York where the beauty was scheduled to make appearances.
But when the plane arrived, Ossana was not as she was still in Russia.
We tracked it on and she said she wasn't coming because her mom was sick and she had
a tend to her, Shugart reveals.
But the worst was yet to come.
During an appearance in Canada, the pageant pivoted on a cell phone rang and she had a
destiny to answer it from the podium, eh?
It was her boyfriend says the insider.
She put everybody on hold and talk with him.
It was outrageous behavior.
Adding insult to injury when Ossana returned from Canada, she was sporting a $40,000
diamond and crusted ring from one of her admirers, pageant officials finally had enough.
I gave her three options, start laying up to her obligation to Miss Universe, step down
and resign gracefully.
We were going to terminator, so Shugart, after not hearing from Ossana for three days,
the center of her letter informing that she was fired.
You're fired!
And if you don't believe me, Asmo, you're all fired.
Because one thing we know, if you work for Mo, is summing her later, you're going to
be fired.
Am I right about that?
You bet.
It's a rhetorical question.
I certainly don't respect to be sponsored from you.
Who's?
Who's?
Here's the poll.
Who do you think represents the greatest threat to the world of the day?
400 and what is it?
487?
Some bogus ones in there.
First, W. Bush 141.
Born again, Christians 128.
Mo, Howard David 71.
Like I said, the number of votes he get is equivalent to his age, isn't it?
Al-Qaeda 54, Iraq 47, Saudi Arabia 22, Israel 12, and Iran also a dirty dozen.
On a poll so far.
22 till 1 at 560 WQM.
We got the marvelous mad dog coming up at 1 o'clock from Shulis State 2.
Hank with a full four hours today, nice going, baby.
From 3 to 7 including Patrick Sir Tain.
Are we Sir Tain to that between 5 and 6?
Because they make somebody change these schedules.
And then like it now, we got the Crow.
Oh, thank God for them playoff games.
You know what?
They extend the Crow's stay at QAIM.
Talking hard ball with the Crow, who don't seem to never go away.
The Crow.
He knows Mo and say it ain't so.
7 to 815.
815, you got the ALCS game number one.
Angels and the twins, the expansion, whatever the hell they were, what they call contraction
twins.
Eddie came to the baseball game and the overnight guys doing mark to the six.
We don't want to surrey their, Sully their image.
What's that word?
Sully?
Sully.
They want to Sully their image by coming to the dirty boys.
I think it was most dirty that term.
Hey, I'll tell you where you'll find a dirty boy.
That's a pizza lot.
That's right, Jeff Cohen is over there.
Now, I'd like to know is he hanging out with a new place for while I would assume?
I'm sure.
Kind of running everything and making sure things are going right.
And as a matter of fact, he really let us down.
You want to know why?
Because we put him on your twice, which that last time was just terminally boring.
A showstopper, if ever there was one.
And he was telling us in a few days that we're going to start delivery.
Well, now let's see.
This must be Skippy's account now because he used to be Brian Schmuss.
So Skippy, I'll tell you one thing.
The same great job that you're doing for him, old coast with the rock, two different
phone numbers in there.
And that you're doing for Old Eomade with a copy from seven years before FDR was born.
You're doing for the pizza lot, too, Skippy.
He's not going to at least he's consistent because we have no information here about whether
they're doing delivery now or what the hell's going on there in the brand new pizza lot
in plantation.
When you think by now since it's Tuesday, we'd have some information on this.
No.
And you know, the problem is, you see, when I get down there, man, the crap is going to
fly without sales department.
You see, I'm not some kind of a pussy like our program director and operation manager
and all these other jackasses we got down there running around with titles, but no balls.
It's one thing to have a title, but if you don't have the balls to go with it, what
that'll good is it to, you know, then do me any good.
I'm sitting here with a copy that was written before the guy that I'm stationed with
on the year in 1926.
I got a copy that was written by Mrs. Carl Fisher.
How do you like that?
That's right.
At the wonderful lila of Dung.
Anyway, pizza lot has got some great shall waiting for it.
Very reasonable prices, big fresh portions.
In fact, every portion is really almost enough for two people.
They got delicious pasta dishes and chicken and feel and seafood, calzone, super subs.
They got three different kinds of fantastic pizza.
The best garlic rules you've ever popped in your push just dripping with garlic.
In fact, I guarantee you, when you leave there, you'll have to wash your hands twice, especially
if you hang out with Jeff.
Pizza off has got the original Broward location university drive between Griffith and 595.
Tons and tons of free parking waiting for you right beyond Piroland imports.
And now the brand new location.
This is the exciting news.
And I wish we knew more about it, but Skippy, Skippy's out of touch.
He's out touching it, waiting for his free trip to Vegas.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
Our whole sales department's get a free trip for Vegas for such a great job that they
do in a servicing their account.
We're taking them all to the top of the, what is it?
The stratosphere?
Yeah.
And what a great trip down that'll be right to the strip.
I'd love to be there to see it.
For take out our delivery at the original Broward location at University, rabbits 954, 916,
88, 88, don't forget the brand new loft and plantations open right now right on the
corner of Navajo and sunrise and a shopping center behind Walgreens.
And they're doing something there.
Maybe someday we'll find out.
This is 20 or twice a year.
You way out.
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the
Hockey Authority Neil God.
The pub's, the pub's down.
The pub's, the pub's down.
He likes a stock in mass.
One pub's, pub's down.
He's a group of heads as a pub's down.
The pub's down.
The pub's down.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
I am higher on the scale here.
I think I have fun.
I'm just going to throw my breath.
Jesus, please sell back.
Jesus, please.
I'm going to throw back.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
Jesus, please.
The world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's
best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best
the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the world's best, the
world's best, the world's best, the world's best, look at him, of course, look at him, that's a very funny feeling, of course, look at him, look at him, look at him, look at him, look at him.
ground right on their grave and everybody else too because naturally if you're not one
of them if you're not born again Christian like them even if you're just a plain open
esoteric Christian that ain't good enough just like the fundamentalist Muslims and no
difference same crap you don't share their interpretation of these scriptures of a good
book you're gonna burn in hell too baby so when Jesus comes back you gotta forget about
it you're gonna have no chance we won't even give you a chance to sign up like the Jews
see that the one third of the Jews that survived they get a chance to sign on everybody else
but I'm being astronomers have discovered a supersized ball of ice and rock are you familiar
with this yeah I was reading about it this morning the matter of the size of the planet Pluto
looking roughly four billion miles from Earth of the edge of our how the way it says lurking
roughly four billion miles from Earth of the edge of our solar system it's only four billion
miles away researchers from the California Institute of Technology and Pasadena unveiled
this discovery yesterday planetary science meeting in Birmingham Alabama where those great
intellectuals are hanging out the object turned up in search of the Kuiper belt of comets
beyond Pluto dubbed Kuala R the icy rock represents the biggest object found in our solar system
since the discovery of Pluto in 1930 and Mickey Mouse two years before in 1928 steamboat
Willie its constitution is such that would be considered a comment if it orbited close
of the sun which causes ice to vaporize and give off the trademark tale of a comet maybe
that's what they saw in the great southwest you remember that thing the story had read in
the very beginning they saw that what they thought and was like a flying object it was
flaming in recent years about five hundred similar but smaller ice and rock objects have
turned up near Pluto astronomers hope that the study of the icy objects in the Kuiper belt
will reveal conditions from the early years of the solar system's five billion year existence
five billion years okay but the good book says it's only six thousand years so you figure
out the difference it's interesting because it's the largest one so far see we have people
of science and then we have crazy people and the sad part of it some of the people of science
are also crazy people are trying to justify try to rationalize all the other book crap
you know what I'm talking about it's don't ever make a mistake well like I'm saying
people claim to be people of science well the real people of science please stand up now
hold up your hand they can do it with a real good Christians please stand up the ones
that aren't gonna lie or hurt anybody well those I'm seeing by standing up well the real
Jews stand up it's time to go to the deli for lunch I'll look at that they all the and all
the sparsas got up to at the same time see when you mention deli the sparsas become Jewish too
kind of like our station like I'm on the major Jew holidays I remember at WKAT we had
the I put it this before a black receptionist very nice young lady her name was Le Verne
and all the Jewish holidays she became Jewish and she yeah why the hell not everybody else
was maybe she was a philasha it was the Jewish station but I tell you poor Mark Forster remember
his son called in that one day one of our salespeople from K18 Mark Forster used to pop pills by
the handful I think he's still alive he's still around his son called in the show one day a couple
years ago and he used to have an nervous breakdown because and also Bob Allen remember his son also
called in no but I'm like a Mark Forster Bob Allen slicks with the fishes but at any rate they used
to have an nervous breakdown because everybody would call us the Jewish station and I mean
beach station which of course it was licensed to the beach but you're the Jewish station you know
which is why we got all those females at the famous hmm man 10 till one at five sixty WDQM if you
watch your hair back so timely you know you can look like Mike Siegel with a silly plugs my god
does he look like a silly goose or what or you can look like a manch like a real man that's the
difference I mean as soon as you see him on there even if he didn't know him in the past you say to
yourself that's that looks ridiculous and people like you guys out there are not in a position to
be but made the look ridiculous so if you want to look silly if you want to have the blood
grip and down your forehead from the holes in your head or if you want to like take some of those
dangerous pills which maybe micro two or three follicles a year forget about that get yourself the
natural hairline system from Charles Alfieery that I've been telling you about for a Koons age on
this show no hair system in the world at any price looks better and it's very affordable too
and please don't forget when you call Chuck Alfieery studios mentioned the arrangers then I
200 bucks off the regular price so for a pittance you could look better and younger than he have in
a hell of a long time and Charlie also repairs and services all kinds of hair systems and the
system to evaluate for only 25 to 30 bucks in fact maybe he can repair on my seagulls hair piece
you know maybe like a little forest fire couldn't hurt and if you don't you got nothing to lose
with the bald spot because Charlie gives you that money back guarantee if you don't love the way
it looks and feels within 30 days Charlie would give you a full refund just say here's your damn
hair back give me my money back no problem so make that call today they'll give you a free
consultation with no obligation and show you how stiffy they can make you look all 1 800 321 2413
that's 1 800 321 2413 or log onto their website at Charles Alfieery.com or you can also look like Mo
as you fucking look at me
don't think don't think don't think why the hell am I always getting raped by men
you have a nice fat Moe why sure but I don't ever get raped by brother
women don't like men and it's too bad there is such a thing as an attractive man you know
Moe why don't you know you're crumb what are you some kind of fairy why don't you go be another
monkey for your can grind it down the hall I'm not a queen here what do you know about being
queer you moron I'm gonna write them up and know the difference sorry Moe
now see here we're supposed to be talking about sports here not about good looking men
just men general and nothing else this is sports radio over here we love men
but I got to say have a bird like just the other night I saw this commercial on overnight TV
when this guy was crawling out at the ocean see on this island filled with strippers
that are brought they looked okay but this guy in the commercial I would say in an objective
sort of way he was pretty cute you like your laugh and did I give you clearance to laugh
was this for a skip to eight more yeah and the guy was crawling on the island you'd do it he was cute
yeah that's right are you asked me to be objective I agree yes and you still make fun of it
you want to get fired again that guy there had pinchable jowls the truth is who got him funny
you look in grandas monkey
you know maybe I am in love with that mango munch and speak he certainly does make a thing
where my nose glow like a neon rainbow working on why it was a bit just a reaction on
suppress the truth about a video but I can't put him but he know I want to have to
get out of here you're all nuts you're all I can't move look at the bolts in your pants
small oh no I move the wrong way I hey everybody moments this dance
boom boom you're crumpling now that point no 257 at 560 wqm it's one of those love hate things I
guess you know he loves and you haters it the other way around I'm not sure just like him with
the beast same thing the beast was silenced this morning by the way in the Mohawar David show
the beast was in there like co-hosting with gellie because Moe took the day off after the
strenuous of ball game on sunday and I guess probably a really strenuous evening last night watching
his braves get beaten eliminated from this year's playoffs and it was the beast try to do his duty
and in all of a sudden their phone rang on a bat line I guess it must have been in no uncertain
terms no more from the beast let him do those updates no moe from the beast and that's that's
the end of that so I think we'll be having him making too many more appearances on that morning
show anytime in their future do you know in fact there you go in fact if you want to warm your way
in there since you don't have that new contract yet just as kind of a protective measure you might
the you know after hearing that last bit what what am I going to add you might read some of those
updates in the morning you might take a shine to you remember g david shine and work on anyway one
year later no anthrax culprit found yet you know something I am maize myself today you want to know
what was that I had a pile of stuff here halfway to the ceiling and I thought to myself
sir see the secret to it was I got right to it we gave the pull out right in the beginning
and right like at 915 or whatever after the first break I write to all the stuff here and I'm like
almost all over just about all the way through it you mean we didn't monkey around we didn't
the monkey around him off that's right maybe we can do a little monkey around him our one
mower's back in fact maybe mower will come on here and step up always that expression he was using
about uh uh be accountable that's it maybe he'll be accountable finally for the reason why the beast
was taken off here this morning only allowed to do the updates and not smooth with gully or make
any other editorial comments maybe he can stand up front about that because he's always telling
everybody else even broadcasts we have to be accountable for what we do and of course chasing
Carolyn down the hall of power 96 and everybody else off that show because they just don't suit
as fancy but based on what I just heard on that last bit maybe you'll suit as fancy maybe like I
said he'll take a shine to you I'll wear a fancy suit and you can start watching some ball games
and you know do the stats and the football games there and teach him how to pronounce the a place
kicker's name right anyway we're not going to have to have the anthrax through all of us and
not we look you come or just about everything today maybe from a to z and in between and we even
had a little Brittany action in there too for it this morning before the show he'd be really to keep
it was uh she looked pretty damn good I'll say that yeah she looked really good anyway 524 votes
who represents the greatest threat to the world of age George W. Bush 148 born again Christians 135
Moe Howard David 75 living right up to his age Al Qaeda 57 Iraq 50 Saudi Arabia 24 Israel 23
and Iran as fast as I can they be having 12 bye bye bye
you know what you show I'm twice in the evening QA and Miami for learning I love eating nuts
as pretty as the win against the jets was that's how
