This is South Florida's only real Swarthy J. WQA and Miami Fort Lauderdale, a easily broadcast
group station.
MWQAM.com
Call in 12, C-Sanity on Sports Radio 560 on QAM.
So if I have not seen him this morning but if if nothing has changed as of last night,
then he'll be taken off the PUP list and he'll practice today.
And we'll see what happens.
Jed Weaver will line up with the first group, but the thing that's happened because of
Alonzo being on it's really given Randy McMichael an opportunity in these first five practices.
And now we're talking about him.
We're saying, you know what, we got to make sure that this guy gets enough work with the
good guys to see if he can help us.
Do you find yourself tempering your enthusiasm with a young kid like McMichael?
Don't not to put too much pressure on him or how do you evaluate where he is now and
where would you like to see him by the time the season starts?
I think the big question right now on Randy McMichael from a tight end standpoint is, is
he going to be tough enough to block once we get going here this morning with the pads
on?
I think he will.
I mean, I've seen nothing.
Town.
What is that?
What is that?
What was that possible?
How is that possible, Larry?
I'm sure it's a long story.
Well, you know, Alonzo, we have to have a long story.
By the way, Ray Lucas sucks.
So here we are in Radio Land again.
And it's a good thing that I'm here because you want to know something.
I'm just going to show out of town.
I'd be out of touch with this.
Yeah.
You want me to talk to this?
We apologize for our usual technical incompetence here at WQM, ladies and gentlemen, but we had
a little bit of a problem.
First Mo couldn't, he couldn't tell the time, I guess.
Or let's blame it on Zach.
Sure.
Let's blame it on anybody but Mo.
And ran away to hell over.
And then we start, okay, well, we can handle that.
Just get that out of here.
Don't buy a house.
And we're not on the air.
Do you want to do the show open all over again?
No, I don't want to do that.
I don't want to say this.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
And he is on Queer Street right now.
But we don't have time to dick around.
We got to do our tribute to Tom Jicca.
You know him?
Stupid.
Yeah, well, we know that.
Man, thanks a lot, Tommy.
I know he's listening.
I guarantee if there's anybody listening right now, it's a little Tommy Jicca.
You know him?
And we know that too.
We'll get to him.
We'll eventually get around to that.
By the way, special hello to what's your name?
Lisa C.
In Arizona, no less.
Well, she ain't out there now, you know?
It's two early in the morning.
But she sent me a nice thanks about Mark Grace.
And the very happy that Arizona's got Mark Grace in Yadi-Adi in back in the 80s when she
worked at GTR.
She worked weekends in Bordeaux, and so on.
She didn't know who now I was talking about, but I have great taste in men.
Yes, I do.
Hey, there's definitely a smile on his face.
Good start, tough.
Good start.
What's the story?
Well, somebody tell us what happened.
Let me just make up a story.
One of the switches was done.
I think Moe did it.
And it different.
I think Moe did it.
I think Moe's wig got in a way at the pot.
I think it got caught in a pot.
Zack did it.
You know something?
You know what gets in a way?
The fat.
The fat gets in a way.
Put down the guy in the bagels.
Put down the locks.
Just quit eating for like 10 minutes.
It got a fat guy in a way.
Even Robert's giving you the high sign.
The high sign back there.
Man.
Don't get all ridden in the face.
We don't care.
We're used to technical F-ups here.
OK, we like it.
In fact, made the show three minutes shorter.
We like that a lot.
In fact, let's do it again.
Let's start over the same way.
Keep doing this for like three minutes at a time.
Don't worry about it.
Now see if that would have happened before 9 o'clock,
then you'd have had some real tourist baby.
Then you'd have someone to worry about.
You'd already be out to door.
You'd be on a way out.
You'd be wearing a pink slip.
Look lovely.
Anyway, our pool we had a lot of crank votes on a pool
over the weekend, especially this morning.
What?
There must be up early.
I mean, all weekend, but just heavy duty.
Look at this.
A feeding frenzy on this pool kept a lot of people off the street.
I don't you think we need a lot more coverage about the sniper?
We need a lot.
Let's bring some people in off the street.
What do you think?
You think it's Al-Qaeda?
You think it's Al-Shorts?
You think it's Al-Cap?
What do you think?
See, it's funny that you should have come across
that thing too, that awful show with Howard Kurtz.
What is it called?
Real bad.
Whatever it's called.
Unseen bad.
Real bad.
Real crap.
And they just sizzle him and ask.
And he sat there with Al-Qaeda's face.
He didn't know whether to scream or peel his banana.
He just was psychotic.
Because they said, first of all, you're bringing all these people
on here.
Not a single one of them has any idea what they're talking about.
What are you doing doing the show in Rockville, Maryland,
making a circus again?
And they just grilled and roasted him.
And I was like, oh, yeah.
Oh, it's called unreliable sources.
That's the name of that show.
I can never think of the name, but irresponsible sources
on CNN.
Well, they got to put something on here.
There's a Bill Hummer.
So right now, we head back overseas now.
Head back overseas.
Bill, get on the shipping get out of here.
OK, Mr. Ricksport.
And then that moosey man last night,
he comes out with a breathless system.
And he's saying, did he really say that right?
You left us a number and call us if that number?
And they're thinking, see, they're
thinking right off the bat because they're
a bunch of racist bastards.
They're thinking that this guy is very inarticulate
and he didn't say it right.
And they said, is that really what you wanted to say?
And he said, yes, it do be.
It do be what I want to be saying, OK?
So please call us at that number that you be leaving us.
So whatever he said, moose man, do be.
Do you think we can catch anybody in this country?
No.
How about Osama?
No.
Yamaala?
No.
Anybody?
Pretty embarrassing.
Anyway, what do we got?
Four million votes on the pool.
Which politician do you despise the most?
Erica apologized for his spelling, by the way.
He must spelled almost everything on here.
At least he was consistent.
He must spelled despise.
He didn't have the capital L in delay.
He had, or in, well, he had, or in snatch right.
Strong, Thurman was spelled wrong.
Oh, everything.
And he's a proud of it.
Hillary Clinton, 329, boy, just barely had a Jew Lieberman.
And is that what I told you this morning before the show?
Nip and Tuck knows to know.
As well as, but in my book, Jew Lieberman beats her hands
down her up.
Go ahead, you're pants.
Jeb Bush was a strong 315, 1587 votes.
And I bet you at least 1,000 real votes.
In the history of the show, we've never had so many
of psychotic votes.
You know, that's a good sign.
That's a good sign, Tom, because it means somebody must be
listed out there, little Tommy Jicca, besides you.
Get down, stupid!
I might do the whole show on him today.
I might take all my periodicals and just put him aside
for a while.
Because this man, you know, at least have the balls to write.
We know you don't like the show the way it is now.
And get your facts right, because I'm not here for the whole
winter time.
I'll be gone before you can say scumbag, OK, Tom?
Balled little scumbag.
Maybe you could borrow most piece, you think?
One of the ones you're talking about is you said he's got a bunch of them.
Right?
Maybe little Tommy Jicca.
Next time he fills in for Eddie Kaplan, he can borrow one of those two pays.
The spare he doesn't wear.
I think it would be great.
Get fired, stupid!
Yeah, case you missed the sunset on yesterday, the TV book.
I knew sooner or later we'd get around to it, because you don't have the balls.
First of all, to admit that you're full of crap, I'm going to dissect this thing.
He makes up these letters like I've told you for years.
And then he responds to them as opposed to writing a column saying, oh, Neil is just
reading a bunch of crap on here.
Oh, let's hope that now he's back in town.
He's going to go back to doing those great shows.
He had taken those great phone calls, Tom, which you still don't want to talk about.
What was happening to this show?
You still don't want to deal with that, because since he had upon your radio and you can't
listen to the radio anymore, he's got a borrow a friend's radio at work at the Sunsend
lot.
Do you like that?
The one that Jack Anderson used to have, alleged.
330, what is it?
330 for Hillary.
Julie Roman 325, Jeb Bush 315, the politician you despise the most.
Catherine Harris 166, she'd be doing pretty good.
John Ascroft 146, Jesse Helms 88, Ted Kennedy 86.
I wonder if he's kind of Teter Kennedy.
Tom Delay 47, Trent Lott 42, Strom Thurmond 19, Dick Army 17, Orrin Snatch sucking up last
place.
You know how many Orrin had?
He only had votes.
Poor Orrin Snatch.
We got a good poll for today, which we'll get to eventually.
I don't think we ought to bring some strangers in off the street to see what their take is
and who is doing the shooting the sniper.
We got some strangers in the building.
Encyclone analyze him and the Zee Upset is the, you know, just like they said on that
unreliable sources yesterday, there isn't one of those people got any idea what they're
talking about.
It's all wild speculation.
They haven't got a freaking clue who it is.
What he's all about, if it's one, if it's two, if it's a hundred, they don't.
No, they don't know crap.
And just like good old condolese that said yesterday with both blitzkrieg, you know where
Osama is?
No.
No, we haven't got any idea.
We're the loss.
We're at a loss, he said.
Teter, we're the loss here at QAM because we got him.
We're just see again.
He shows you off balance.
He loses all the momentum.
You don't play the opening bit.
You're like, you know, one of those things because Zach is so, he's so on engineer because
of all the pressure working on that morning show with Mo, he's so on edge.
That's the problem with Zach.
And at the beginning he was just fine, you know, but now another train monkey.
Well, you're monkey, not ours.
Eleven after nine at five sixty WQI am.
So Ray Lucas sucks.
Three hours of Ray Lucas sucks on this radio station like we don't know that already.
He's got a nice hairdo though.
He's got the Jason Taylor haircut.
He's got the Troy Stradford haircut.
And he still sucks.
Troy said he'll go in there and take over.
He ordinarily ain't no quarterback, but he'll go over there and take over.
I hear the rumor is Troy's replacing the crow.
You know, mattress shopping is a complete waste of time if you do it the old-fashioned way,
but I'm telling you for a coons aid, speaking of those guys that you don't have to do that
anymore.
You don't have to waste a lot of time and money.
You don't have to get ripped off.
All you have to do is pick up the phone.
Just pick that thing up.
Maybe stick your finger right in and the phone too.
Call 1-800-MATRIC, you'll be immediately connected to an expert Ben and Consul, who's
only job is to get you the best brand-day mattress in the world.
When I talk about brand names, they got the top ones going.
Not some off brand you never heard of.
They've got Serta, Seely, Simmons, King Coil, the best manufacturers in the world and
it exceptionally low, unbeatable every day.
Low prices.
And when you call that number 1-800-MATRIC, you pick the day in the 2-R window for delivery
when you're going to be home and it's convenient for you.
And guess what?
They actually show up in that 2-R period, like between noon and 2, between 1 and 3, etc.
And you also get that 30-day in-home comfort guarantee, which allows you the incredible privilege
of checking out the new mattress for up to 30 days.
Can you imagine the mess you can make on that mattress for up to a month?
And then say, I don't think so.
I won't give you another one.
So pick up that phone and call them right now.
You'll be sleeping like a baby in no time at all.
1-800-MATRIC, 1-800-MATRIC, or check them out on the web if you like it.
We're back.
Hey, I'm talking to Muff here.
I don't have time to come back on now.
What kind of a break was that?
What kind of a freaking break was that about a minute and a half?
As long as all the other ones are, have been.
Yeah.
Well, we're talking the heavy-duty stuff in here.
Okay, we're talking about this new spray, galeway.
We're talking about important crap.
So don't be interrupted here.
Hey, listen, we got a new format here to please Tom Jicke.
It's called All Dead Air.
That's it, please Tom.
No more periodicals.
No more stuff that'll piss off Tom Jicke.
By the way, look at the calendar.
Show him when I'm getting out of here.
Just to piss off Tom, I'm getting out of here again because he thinks he knows what he's
talking about.
I'm going to do the whole show today for a little bald head of Tom Jicke.
How do you like that?
Neil Rogers.
And I still can't get a guy damn fit in here.
We've been on for like 15 minutes.
I still can't play anything.
That had a request from someone of your Julio's out there who says he really enjoys the
job you do filling in.
I think I should get his facts and about your reading of periodicals or whatever he says,
don't send yourself short.
Do all the reading you want.
Bedtime stories, he said.
That'll piss off Tom Jicke.
If you start doing bedtime stories, man.
Hello, George.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
What the hell business you got to.
We already heard about Ray Lucas sucks for three hours.
Hello, George.
You notice how you won't even dignify I'm in here?
Hello, George.
Get out.
Here's our poll question today.
The media coverage of the sniper has been outstanding.
Okay.
Okay.
Too much.
Or just another feeding frenzy like OJ, John Vene, Sean, etc.
And I notice on the a poll here, Eric puts believe me.
I know about feeding frenzy.
I don't know if that means him or me or both.
We both know.
In fact, this weekend, what?
Feeding frenzy.
Well, I mean, why the hell not?
Lost two pounds.
All right.
Balance for life, man.
Those beautiful stools.
Even the nicest bar in town don't have beautiful stools like that.
I'll tell you.
Just beautiful.
Tapered, you know, it's great.
Anyway, so yesterday I'm having a decent weekend.
One of a few bucks of the track Saturday.
Pick up my son sent on the yesterday morning out on the front lawn.
I go in and I'm reading.
And of course, the first thing I do every Sunday is I open up the TV book, which it's almost
impossible to find.
It's almost impossible to find anything in the Sunday papers here because there's like
9,000 pages of ads, special sections for this brands, Martha's, this one, that everybody's
got to special sections.
But I always manage to find it and the side of the TV book too.
And here it is.
And I open up only to page six to see little Tommy Jicke.
And when is it got?
When is the shoe going to drop next?
You know what I'm saying?
Get out of town.
Stupid.
Mm-hmm.
And sure enough, yesterday here it is.
Question.
And we know you've been making this up for years, Tom.
Haven't I always said that he makes these up?
Yes, I have.
And he does.
As opposed to having the balls, like I said, a writing column saying, oh, Neil shows socks
and he just reads all his prong to his stuff on the air.
And what happened to the fun we used to have?
See because evidently, this is a man who's in denial about how the show is degenerating
until I finally took the bull by the horns and stopped talking to a bunch of mouth-reading
assholes on a year every day for four hours who were destroying this program.
But Tom just out of touch with that.
See he's the one that's out of touch.
Maybe too much time in L.A. getting wind and dine out there by the networks.
It would always them fall show previews.
Remember the spring book came out and we had that great rating book and it was all the
big news and radio in this market.
Tom couldn't be here though.
Why?
Because he was out of touch.
He was in L.A.
And I guess they don't have the internet in L.A.
So we couldn't have gotten that information from Arbiteron.
He couldn't have gotten that and nobody could have fasted to a month or so he could have
written the column.
No.
Tom Jekyll writes 8 million columns almost every one of which having to do with network
TV shows, having almost nothing to do with anything local.
The only local article this man has written in the last 500 years has been about, well,
the TV news partners of the newspaper.
Does anybody give a crap which TV station they're sun-centred or they're hailed as affiliated
with?
Of course not.
Who gives a crap?
Who cares?
Tom?
Over and over and over again about Arabic guy.
And of course the TV cooking show schedule.
Don't forget that.
Don't leave that out.
Of course.
But anyway, here's the made up question by Tom Jekyll yesterday.
Sun-centred TV book.
Question.
It's time for you to take back what you said about Neil Rogers being out of touch because
he's out of town.
Come on, man.
I've just heard articles from Marine Dow, Bill Sapphire, news of the missing Florida votes
from the November election, news from the Dallas Morning News, Toronto Sun Wall Street
Journal, etc.
GWVI email.
Little Tommy's answer.
You aren't being sarcastic, are you?
I hate that.
Relax.
Neil is back in town for the winter.
Neil is back in town for the winter.
You should live so long, Baldy.
So periodicals on audio will probably give way to the type of show that made Neil the
dominant tuck personality in the market.
Periodicals on audio.
We ought to have like an open that says that the Neil Rogers show a.k.a.
Periodicals on audio.
Come in right up.
See, like I said, instead of having a writing a column and saying, oh, all he's doing
is reading these columns on here.
And you'll notice, by the way, that over the years I've read many of Tom's columns on
here.
Did he ever have any problem with that?
Did he ever say it was like periodicals on audio?
No, that was okay.
That was all right.
And as far as all of these other places, see, this is what really grinds my ass because
he's just a hard ass who doesn't want to admit that he could have been wrong.
When I was in Toronto and we had the election debacle on September the 10th, nobody in this
market covered that like I did because it was right on the internet.
See, unlike the newspaper, Tom, unlike your newspaper, which goes to bed at 12 30,
we want to clock it in the morning and has a deadline.
It can't get the late nights that overnight stuff and can't change it because it only comes
out once a day with stale, old, outdated stuff.
Unlike that, we had the stuff right off the state of Florida website.
And here was the updated, I'm sure you remember that like two days, three days after the
election.
Oh, and the generator, we know what it did this and the Bill McBride.
And what did I tell you that McBride was going to hang on a win a very, very close slim
win and he did.
And every time a new precinct would report on there, we'd have it on the air.
When they had the episode on alligator alley with the three schmata heads there and the
woman from Shoneys in Joja.
Guess what, Tom?
I know.
Since you're the TV guy, I would have thought, but you know, what do I know?
I would have thought that you'd understand the miracle of satellite TV or even cable TV.
Because all around the world is CNN and MSNBC and Fox News and all these things, Sky News,
BBC.
And so when the alligator alley thing was going on, we headed on the air, even though I was
not here physically, I was sitting in Toronto.
We didn't miss a beat.
We headed right on here, including even the little robot.
We headed all on the air.
And even on that day, I was saying all this crazy speculation.
These people have got any idea what they're talking about, including Paul Zahn, who's speculating
they're on their way to Turkey point the blow that thing up.
Remember that?
Yeah, huh?
And I ripped her an ass about that.
As it was happening, okay?
As she was spewing her crap.
Right, Paula?
Well, that it was pre-September 11.
Yeah, well, that's too bad.
Bitch.
These people on here, man, absolutely unbelievably irresponsible.
Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-beat because they got a lot of time to fill up.
But getting back to Little Tommy.
See, I don't do the show for you, Tom.
I've tried to tell you that before.
Now that I'm back in town, you'll notice the show hasn't been any different these last
several days that I've been back here than if I'm in Toronto, if I'm in Amsterdam, if
I'm in the Enemiesville, except of course, for the Aggregation factor, which Tom must
be one of those who enjoys that.
I don't.
I don't.
Can't stand it.
Periodicals on audio.
Like I said, have the balls to stand up and be, but you don't have it, Tom.
You never had it and you never will.
To just give an opinion and say it's yours as opposed to, well, like some phony letter
that you make it up in there again.
Don't I feel bad that Tom don't like the show now?
No.
And the amazing part of it is nobody inside the building has ever indicated to me other
than PD Lenny who's a backstabbing phony.
But other than that, nobody has said, oh gee, you're reading all this stuff on here.
What happened to the show your way used to be?
The show the way it used to be was dying, okay?
It was being butchered by the same 1520 calls.
When I hear old Joe again there, old Joe with Mo at the end of that show this morning.
Stupid.
I have to say to myself, thank God we're almost never take calls on this show.
So we can take the same half dozen goofballs, losers, low lives, no lives and keep putting
them on here again.
So they have something to do to keep them off the streets.
And by the way, Joe, we know Ray Lucas sucks, okay?
We know it.
He blows.
I was high five in myself during that game yesterday with a front running phony.
Oh, we want Jay Feeder back.
What did I tell you?
What did I tell you?
Now they love Jay Feeder, the Jew boy from Dartmouth.
What a phony front running.
Absolutely ridiculous place.
Right up to the last minute, five in one team, Buffalo Bills, one of the longest standing,
probably the long with the jets, the greatest rivalries that the dolphins have.
And they had to go right to the last second.
Channel four had to buy up the last thousand tickets and more so they could not black it
out.
All these people they got to be, you know, talk is cheap.
It's easy.
And let me tell you one more thing, Tommy Jicke.
In the same sunscentle, was this yesterday?
Was this Saturday?
Yesterday, same paper.
In the same guy named Paper.
Here's Lawrence A. Johnson, the classical music writer.
WKAT's style has classical fans howling.
They're howling.
They're pissed off, but this isn't written by the guy who's supposed to cover radio and
TV.
This is written by the classical music writer.
And wait until you see this, I had like staples.
Look how long this freaking article is, okay?
No, seriously, wait until you see how long this damn thing is.
Are you unfurling it?
Look at that.
Wow.
A whole big article here by the classical music editor.
I didn't even know whose paper is had to go.
They're classical music editors, especially in a town like this with a sophistication level
of South Florida.
But the guy that's supposed to cover TV and radio, who's just too much of a big shot to
write about radio anymore, he doesn't write this or anything about it.
Any more than he wrote about Party Radio in Power 96 or about any of the other stuff
that goes on in this market.
So it seems to me, Tom, that if anybody's out of touch, you could be here all year long.
You could save your dog and pony trips.
Your paid all expense paid trips to LA, so they can wind and dine in with those new fall
TV shows.
You could save that.
You know something you could be here every day of your life.
And you'd still be out of touch, Tom.
You'd still be out of touch, a little ball headed geek.
And you know he's listening right now.
How else would you know that I'm back in town for the winter?
Maybe a little bird told him, huh?
Maybe the blue bird is on his shoulder.
Took a crap on his shoulder instead of remus for a change.
Maybe the radio reporter reported it.
That could be maybe the inside, the radio insider reported it.
You know what I'm saying?
26 after 9.
Am I getting worked up about this?
And then two hours from right now, the summer book is going to come out.
And if we have a crappy book, you can be goddamn sure.
Tom Jekyll put those numbers in there and say, oh, that's because Neil is out of touch.
And he's reading periodicals on the air and he's doing a show out of time.
Of course he won't, you know, he won't mention the fact that you were on.
Who for two out of the three months?
Hello, George.
And if we should, by some miracle, have a good September, which we'll be able to extrapolate
and iracculate and amasticate.
We'll be able to do those things with these numbers the next couple of days, which is what's
great.
When 1130 comes in the goddamn summer book comes out of time, I hope you got your ear glued
to the radio, okay?
I hope they got you tied up in a little corner with the ear with the radio glued right
to your ear and it turned up so loud that your head is spinning like a drabile.
I guess he probably don't like those anti-bush stories either because you know what Tom,
for all of his well, he's all for this and he's a progressive guy.
He's politically confused.
I'll be very kind, politically confused.
He's stupid.
27 after 9 at 5.60 WQM.
Let's face it.
You've been hearing about fast train for quite a while.
I wonder if it makes sense for you.
The facts are simple.
If you have the dedication, fast train will provide you with the necessary training to
become a certified computer professional.
According to Tom Magazine, the demand for computer professionals will continue to explode.
A average student completes the training in just four short months attending school three
nights a week.
Once you've completed your certification, fast train will assist you in getting that new
computer job.
Fast train advice you to come in and visit their trained career counselor and determine
which track is ideal for you.
Call fast train at 866 fast train to set up your appointment with four convenient locations.
You'll find them in Kendall, Miami, Pembroke Pies and four lot of nails.
So there's bound to be one nearby you.
Don't forget to ask the career counselor for a list of students like yourself that are
currently in their dream jobs and on some horse ball business like this.
Call fast train toll free 1 866 fast train.
That's 1 866 fast train or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at fast train.com.
This is the first horse radio 560.
You AM.
I've got a bite.
What a what a you're longest.
Him.
Wow.
It's Saturday morning, join full Winkle J.M.O.
and his bully buddy Saddam Hussein for the mankind.
Misadventures of Iraqi and Bollwinkle.
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV.
The United Nations is about to be.
Who cares?
Give me that crystal ball.
Freaking he got up in the wrong size of the bunker.
Perhaps a poem will help.
Saddam, Saddam, your one whacked out dude.
And just like your oil, your smelly and groom.
And most did you say your squirrel friend?
Oh, you mean Rocky?
Sure, he's over there.
He's over there.
Oh my, Rocky.
What do you know about that Saddam?
Don't ask me.
Ask my auntie.
Auntie, auntie who?
And the aircloth.
Join us next time for oils.
Well, that ends well or kiss your gas.
Goodbye.
Hey, Moose.
What's weather forecast for today?
Bowl me.
Uh oh.
Iraqi and Bollwinkle Saturday morning on New Calodia.
933.
Here's the definitive facts to clear up that dilemma.
And of course it's interesting because this person you'll notice is still listening.
As is Tom.
You can be damn sure that Tom J.M.O.
It's funny.
Listen, this morning's got to turn up.
So God damn light is getting good vibrations.
Fact says good morning, Neil and George.
I'm glad you brought my attention to Tom Meijay's question in a Q&A section of the Sunset and those TV magazine.
I can vouch for Tommy's sake and that the question about your show is indeed for real.
I know because I wrote it.
It was edited a bit, but hey, he was too busy viewing the new John Ritter sitcom to respond to the rest of my comments.
Have a great day, guys.
Listener, George identified in the TV magazine is GW by the Internet.
GW, that sounds interesting.
Anyway, so there's listener George who faxes all the time by the way.
Okay, so he evidently doesn't really have any problem with this.
So it wasn't sarcastic.
No, it wasn't sarcastic.
It wasn't sarcastic, because the guys still listen.
And you know something like I always say, Tom.
If you don't like the show, I got one thing to say to you.
Bye, bye, bye.
Yeah.
Have a great day.
Okay, turn over to Rushet Noon and Bill, what's his name?
Bill, make believe.
And have a good time with him.
So anyway, Lawrence Johnson, the classical music writer,
goes ballistic about the crappy K.A.T. signal,
and it blows, and they're not playing the right kind of.
Let me say it again.
All new classical music people out there go out
and they have these amazing things with tremendous quality.
They're called CD.
What does that stand for?
Go to the frickin' record store and buy you a bunch of Mozart and Beethoven and Handel and Bach and whatever.
You know, you know, else you like.
And buy it.
There you go.
Buy some of that Drek.
And quit bellyic, and I've never in my life seen such a bunch of winers and crybabies.
Maybe next to the dolphin fans.
Maybe they don't have a CD player in the decade.
Why do they know that Ray Lucas sucks?
Who?
But, uh, yeah, maybe they can't afford a CD player.
All these intellectuals are supposedly so much brighter and so the high brows, you know,
they're so much above the rest of us, the intellectuals.
The chiefscapes, evidently, who want everything for free.
Everything's got to be for free.
See, uh, quite frankly, no matter what kind of music you like in this market,
you're not going to hear it on the radio.
Right. Why should they be any different?
That's right. Why should you classical music people hear the music you want to hear on the radio?
When none of the rest of us can, we have to go and buy our own goddamn CDs
to listen to when the house and the car on our Sony Walkman, whatever.
So don't be giving us a song and a dance like you're special.
In fact, you're the ones with a big box.
Go out there and buy some real big expensive goddamn CD, uh,
some stereo on the house and go take your car over to what you call it.
Does sound advice?
Are they still in business?
Sure.
Well, I don't go there.
You want to know why because they move.
But anyway, take it over to sound advice or one of those, uh,
in car stereo deals, where they installed you an 80 billion dollar stereo system
in your car and they'll put speakers in the doors and underneath your seat
and on your car beware, okay?
You'll have violins, uh, twing in your hemorrhoids, okay?
In fact, even most of it, he's got a good stereotype of violins, uh,
twang in his Veraco's veins.
Especially after yesterday.
By the way, I mentioned Ray Lucas sucks.
Three solid hours of Ray Lucas sucks.
See, I don't have to be here to know what a Bush League horseball place this is,
time. For example, the big story with a panther is how about that game that I ain't going to know?
Atlanta, hmm, the big story is Mike Keenan and the Rick Dudley, the GM are in war with each other.
Steve, why is your going out of the juniors?
No, you're not staying here.
There's a big war going on.
What do we get?
We get from Mike Russo with today's Sunsetta La Puff piece about Peter Royal.
Oh my god!
It's never going to change.
You could leave here and come back 100 years from now.
It'll be the same corrupt horseball, uh, horse and buggy place.
So what do I need to be here?
What did I miss?
An air-beat person that I've spoken to during this very short-lived visit back at a town.
And I say to them, well, what did I miss this summer?
What's been going on?
Not a goddamn thing.
It was hot.
You know what?
Do you know what happened here?
The September 10th election thing, which like I said, nobody covered it like I did.
And that's number one.
And number two, the uh, business on alligator rally.
I'm at Friday.
Which we were all over, like stink on, uh, time.
So what did we miss?
What did we miss?
Because there's bad drivers here.
See, Tom, your problem is you're stuck in a time warp.
You're in the past.
You're living in a freaking past.
And I had any day of the year.
I'd rather read articles by Mary McGrawry and by God, they were re-endowed and by all of these people.
Robert Sheer, any day of the week.
Then listen to, hey, can I call Tom your douchebag?
What?
My de color.
See, you're out of touch, Tom.
You don't get it.
You got to go with the flow.
When things change, you got to change.
And like I said, because we're just killing time now till 1130.
Maybe the number is going to suck.
Your agenda will be all your fault.
I know.
Because we already saw that, well, wasn't July was okay, but August, man.
Huh.
Even the done, even the Brought to Taurus never laid an egg that big.
But the whole station was in a crap in August, okay?
You remember what Carl Roves said?
You don't like start, you know, trying to pedal new crap in August.
Oh, you wait till September, you'll have to labor day.
Then you pedal the war.
I mean, whatever you're peddling.
Like I said, see, I feel good about the show when it's over 1 o'clock.
Like I've done something productive here.
I don't have anybody with a ball in the building and come to me and say,
like, Pety Lenny, who's busy bad-mouthing us behind our back.
Because he's a backstabber and hates you like boys and-
but nevertheless, oh, he can't sell the show because that damn little spook is on in the summertime.
Why don't you come here and say it to his face, Pety?
If there's one thing I can't stand, it's phonies.
See, it's one thing about me.
Whether I'm in Toronto or Amsterdam or here, I'll say the same thing.
Okay, if you notice that, the same guy's in the pattern.
Whether it's about mode down the hall right there,
who don't have the ball, Stephen, face me.
Because he's afraid that his wig might do some wheelies if he saw me through the window,
makes them cut off the audio.
He didn't have to worry about cutting off the audio today, not at the clock,
because we weren't on the air.
Maybe that's the new deal now.
Maybe we have to have a three-minute wall of separation there.
The wall of silence.
So that Mo has the wall of silence to give Moan his two pay time to wheel out of the building,
so he didn't have to be subjected to this awful crap, the monkey grinder.
That's all right. We won't have to get here as early as I usually do.
Yeah, there you go. Let's come in about 9.30 sounds good.
They can't figure out when to get off the air anyway.
Somebody reading the clock.
You know, when a herpiste, you ever see Moe Howard, the original one?
When you're, or like in La Cazia fall.
When your herpiste starts falling down over your eyes, it's not easy to read the clock.
They seem to be having more problem on that show at getting out on time,
probably because we had to be reminded again 40, 50 more times that Ray Lucas sucks.
Did you know that?
Who?
Ray Lucas, Ray Lucas, Ray Lucas.
Don't spook us with Ray Lucas.
He sucks.
I watched that yesterday and I was going, I was high five in myself.
I was so excited.
I've seen little time, not just little girls' themes.
I've seen little teeny tiny girls' themes put a better performance on the net.
And this Dan La Bastard on the front page of the hero this morning.
Oh, he'll be okay. He'll come back.
Yeah, right. You should live so long, Mr. Howell, do you know?
He knows just as much as all the experts there on the talking heads.
They about to be a sniper. Nothing. Nothing.
But that's his town for you.
Because it's just like the collars.
It's the same thing with the columnists. They got nothing to say.
They haven't got a freaking clue.
You can smell it. You can walk out on the streets and you can...
Oh my god, I must be in the anus of the universe.
Whoa! Man, the stench.
And you know, let me tell you something else.
Yesterday morning I get up bright and early and I went to public.
So, okay, because I need to get this. I need to get that.
There were several of my listers in there.
They were all very friendly.
How you doing? You like to have your back nice to see.
There wasn't one person who said, you know, all those periodicals and those articles
you're reading on here are putting me into a coma.
Now, maybe they thought that, but it seemed to me like they were happy campers.
Yeah, they're just saying that's your face.
They were just saying that that's right.
They're like PD Lenny. They're just sucking up to my face.
But behind my back, they're giving me the old...
That's right. The old one too.
With the end of their shoe.
941.
Do I seem like a little whipped up here today?
Because I am. Because Tom Jicke.
Like I said, if he hates the show, Tom, you're in title to your opinion.
I don't know. That doesn't bother me.
But come right out and say it.
Write an article about it. Write something.
Just keep spelling my name right, please. Thank you.
You know, we all have different lifestyles.
Just ask a little Tommy.
Therefore, we need different products to make us feel better and be healthier.
Oliomed medmeds, Iranian formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with good stuff.
Vitamins, minerals, herbals, other nutrients specifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions
to help you support specific health needs.
Look for Oliomeds, three new formulas.
Maybe they'll come out with one for ratings.
Mo.
Look for Oliomeds, three new formulas which are sleep, weight management and coq10
all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil the best and money can buy.
Oliomed is an outstanding product.
Don't forget to call ponytail, by the way.
And you can pick up Oliomeded publics, records, wall greens for more info column at this toll free number.
1-866 Oliomed, that's 1-866-653-6633.
And you can also order them online if you like it.
Oliomedamerica.com.
If you visit your nearest publishing by an Oliomed product and data-broward,
you can get a coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll while supplies last.
Oh!
Don't forget to visit their sampling provision that sports done every Sunday when the dolphins are playing the home games.
Like yesterday, I think the dolphins were supposed to play at home yesterday,
but I think they missed a bus.
That's the room I heard.
Ray Lucas had to sit on the back of the bus, and by the time he got off the bus, the game was already over.
Start feeling healthy right now, pick up some Oliomeded and pop it in your purse.
What?
I'm in love.
This is sports radio bicycle.
You way up.
George, hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Sorry, I agree.
I'm not surener burgina.
She said in the naughty
Essentials of Virginia,
shore in public,
determining how
interesting to development.
I'm just hearing the CNN CONNEL confirmed that
individual has been taken orders at the
custody.
That is about all we know.
So come back to the significance of what we're looking at here.
Is it again?
Bill Hammer was saying a little bit earlier on.
There have been a number of false leads in this case, but given the resources have been
drawn to Broad Street here in Richmond, Virginia, what does it suggest to you?
Suggest me high interest.
And I mean, obviously if the feds were co-located with the locals, then that would mean that there
would be a person of interest in the whole world quickly to a site.
Now, you know, that kind of response wouldn't be rolled out for a prankster if it was known
or, you know, a guy that was going to file a false report.
So somehow.
So let's assume, okay, that this must be the phone number that was left for them.
Would you, any idea, could find out where the phone number was?
No, I'm not.
We spoke this morning.
If this was a test of police holding information secure or ensuring the sniper's safety and
it went this way, we should hope this is the one.
I hope this is another one.
The Apple Panned Outie, guys.
Kelly, stand by.
I'm going to ring Casey George.
I'm going to show you a shoe fly pie and Apple Panned Outie.
That was the first line of the PRC, Ari Dotson, our witness described in the 30s on police
band showing up on the scene, the helicopter in place.
Okay, Kelly, you said about this.
This is the convergence of the budget of the resources.
You're an expert on clinical psychologists.
Let's start speculating what does this mean.
Let's have Bruce man have another press conference now.
You never know, though.
It could just be an unfortunate.
You never know.
It happens to have a white astro van who pulled up and tried to make a phone call.
We have progressed so quickly in the last 12 hours in terms of developments in this case.
We have this phone number.
We have this invitation to call.
You know what the number is, don't you?
Beachwood 45789?
The contact was made that a trace might have been placed on a pay phone, lightning fast,
far greater speed to do the trace.
This is conceivable.
Then the caller might have imagined.
And of course, because the plan was in place as Kelly indicated, perhaps this is the end
result of that plan.
Ari Dotson, are you still with us?
Yeah, I'm here.
Tell us what you've seen in the last couple of minutes as we left here.
We have state police surrounding the place.
Now there are, it looks like military.
I don't know if their police officers were with high powered rifles walking around, even
across the street.
It's pretty much a scary fight to be right now.
Yeah.
You can't imagine, especially when you hear what some of our experts are saying.
Once again, we see an end and can now confirm that they have the police officials there.
One man in custody, kind of hard to tell who's heading up the investigation at this hour,
but based on what Ari's described, a couple of our experts, it looks like a large presence
of the local police there.
And then Kelly, suggesting, of course, some federal involvement here as well.
Ari, could you see anybody being taken from the scene?
Have you seen any vehicles leaving that area that have been cordoned off?
No, I have not.
You know, I'd like to say it looks like everybody's been calling them just a vehicle.
Did she just say that?
I would swear, Paul, just a vehicle.
A lot of foot traffic from the local state.
And as I say, it looks like that.
You know, it's a damn good thing I'm here in town.
And we wouldn't be able to have this on the area.
You know, with high powered rifles and a swap gear and camouflage, that kind of thing.
A moment ago, Ari, we were getting probably the best shot week,
showing the proximity of the Exxon Station to the phone booth.
Once again, we're not able to screen this stuff ahead of time,
but you just saw some officers at the gas pump there.
Once again, distance-wise, Ari, between the Exxon Station, the phone booth and van,
a walk through all of that force.
Oh, well, you go ahead and walk through it, and we'll go back to doing the show, okay?
When you know something, Paul, give us a call, we'll put it on the air.
And like I said, it's a damn good thing I'm here, little Tommy Jica,
sitting on my ass in Miami as opposed to like in Toronto or Amsterdam,
because I certainly wouldn't be able to put this on the air there, what I...
Why would?
How could I do that?
See, here's the guy that writes about television for the Sun Sentinel.
He doesn't understand, he doesn't get it.
Maybe he needs to go somewhere beside just the LA for those freebies.
He gets to, you know, get winded and dying and then he moves by the network.
He doesn't go to New York, too.
New York?
Any brother goes back to New York once in a while.
Maybe they just don't have TV in New York yet.
Maybe they don't have cable TV except for the Yankee games on that network.
Now, who is this?
Look at that.
Is that kind of Lisa?
I'll be talking to the screen there.
Wow, look at what was that?
I was scared with the hot power.
Why?
I was a good abomer.
Oh, I got it.
He's ready to, you know, count on anybody and anything.
Anything.
How far are you guys from Arsenal there?
Anything.
Okay, well, let me find something that we'll put it on here, okay?
Newsweek.
Don't do those periodicals now.
Time's going to really get pissed off, you know what?
Another train monkey.
That's him.
Newsweek says US intelligence had warning of imminent attack against ships in the Persian
Gulf.
Yemen port.
Days before the French tanker was bombed, Zinni criticizes Bush administration on Iraq.
Iraq, Iraq is number six or seven in terms of problems.
He said, we don't have the resources and attention and the risk is too high to go
out of that level right now.
This is from Newsweek.
A key problem in the war on terror is getting enough money in manpower sources
till Newsweek and determining with precision where and when the next attacks will come,
though officials are conceding they may never be able to get to that level of precision.
In one recent example in October, Newsweek has learned US intelligence distributed
and alarming report about a possible attack against ships passing through the Persian
Gulf with a port in Yemen mentioned is a likely spot.
Just days after the report was sent to the White House and via emailed FBI counterterrorism
agents on October 6th that explosion ripped through the French oil tanker Limburg while
on route to the same port in Yemen.
This was about a specific warning as officials have had and yet there was still not enough
to tell the threat the attack.
As the Bush administration pushes war against Iraq, nude threats loom from al-Qaeda in North
Korea and some critics questioned their ability to deal with the multiple fronts, right?
Senior editor Mitchell or Michael Hirsch, Washington correspondent Tamara Lippur and investigative
correspondent Michael Isagov in the October 20th issue of Newsweek on Stance Today.
In fact, as one official put it, this is an administration with a pretty full plate
we would like some things taken off.
Retired Marine General Anthony Ziney, a Bush-Middi's envoy who's annoyed the administration
with his fierce public criticism of its Iraq policy, tells Newsweek that ironically the
Bush administration is now demonstrating the kind of considered policy toward North Korea
that it is lacking on Iraq.
What happened in the Iraq situation is we said we're going to war, then we said reluctantly
we'd look at other alternatives.
It's exactly the reverse of the way it's supposed to be going to war should be a last resort
he said.
Ziney says I think that we discovering containment and deterrence which they were poo-pooing,
you've got to pick your fights.
Our anchor rack is number six or seven in terms of problems.
We don't have resources and attention and the risk is too high to go to that level right
now says Anthony Ziney.
How do you like that, Apple?
Now what's going on, Paula?
Seeking.
And because of the driver's in custody I think that people are probably breathing a sigh
of relief at least for now until we have further details or a confirmation.
Breathing a sigh of relief about what?
We don't have any idea who this person is.
This could be a witness.
This could be just somebody that was making a phone call in the wrong place in a wrong
time with the white band parked next to the phone booth.
We don't have any idea.
People are breathing a sigh of relief.
Yeah, we're breathing a sigh of relief that we don't live there.
And when you were in South Florida and breathing a sigh of relief that you don't live anywhere
else that should tell you how bad it is there.
Okay, that should tell you a lot about what it's like there right now.
Pouring the cats and dogs there.
That's about the only thing I'm leaving is that they surrounded a white band.
It could be just a smock with a white band.
You see the people they were pulling over the other day?
Yeah.
But one guy, they handcuffed a guy.
He probably opened up a big stupid mouth.
They said he looked like another trained monkey.
957 at 560 WQM if your carpets look like hell.
If they're in bad, bad shape, if maybe you got some pets in the house or maybe some people
in the house that just can't control themselves.
Get yourself a deal with dry concepts because there's nobody in the world that does it
better for you.
These people have been cleaning my carpets for over 20 years and you know it's kind of
embarrassing because when they come to my bed the time I get around to getting them
in there, the carpets are pretty nasty.
But they never say a word.
They roll up their sleeves.
They dry clean the carpets.
They leave them looking just like brand new.
They smell em and they fresh their dry in a couple of hours and when they leave the
house it just shake your head and say how the hell could they do this again?
Everybody I know with the brain uses dry concepts.
They do the same because they'll never let you down.
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the job and they do an
unbeatable job of cleaning your furniture and drapery as well.
Spot dyeing, fiber protection, carpet repairs, implanted rental work service, second of
nobody in the world.
Deodorization and if a flood hits you, complete water damage restoration too.
So if you want a stupendous job at a fair price it's guaranteed every time, call dry concepts
in Broward call 9-5-4-370778.
In date of Palm Beach call tool free 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
Clean today and entertain tonight with dry concepts.
122 votes on the pool, the media coverage of the sniper has been just another feeding
frenzy, Aula OJ, Sean, Rijon, Bonet, 75 people say that almost 62% outstanding 21.
Okay 19, too much 7.
Yeah.
Police around white planet voyage or minivan.
Okay, we're going to give Arya a second to rejoin us on the cell phone.
Kelly, I want to bring you back into discussion.
How many people are in the area?
There are so investigators that have been assigned to this investigation.
And this one didn't even have like a year left.
How is it that they're able to arrive so quickly to something like this?
Where are they going to light it?
Well, that's the biggest indicator, Paula, that this is a pre-existing plan.
I mean, look on the screen.
There's a tactical van, there's emergency services vans, there are many jurisdictions
or leave state.
But maybe that's the number that they had in the message might have something to do with
this.
So, as this person came in, if this was a pre-coordinated take down, which is what it appears
to be, how they must have secreted in order for him not to be alerted as it went to the
phone booth unless perhaps as Casey had suggested, if this is the sniper, he might have discussed
his giving up.
So very, very interesting stuff, but from a tactical standpoint, they went to great measures
to create a perimeter that was disguised as from a person.
So they could roll a meter.
If you're like of a mindset that you're ready to give up, you like kill this one more
last one like he did there, or try to do it, not that yet.
You take out one more and then say, okay, now I'm ready, that was enough.
That's what they call a parting shot.
I see.
On such short notice.
Like on Hollywood Square.
I'm going to probably bring those of you who are just joining us on the West Coast into
our coverage here this morning.
You're looking at a live picture provided by WRC.
We're going to go back and forth between tape pictures and live pictures from the scene.
You're looking at a gas station or a perimeter area surrounding a gas station.
The Richmond Virginia area, which is about 15 miles south of where this latest shooting
happened on Saturday night.
This white, plymeth voyager van, according to one eyewitness, has temporary license plates
from Virginia.
He said there doesn't appear to be any spate inspection tags on it.
It was his thought by looking at this van that it is being driven illegally.
Anything about this picture?
KC, that's structure.
It appears to be a luggage rack.
A very simple frame attached to the top of the minivan, which is, again, not quite the
same as a ladder rack.
A little frame appears to be silver or chrome on the top, something that you would be able
to tie down luggage to if you were overloaded.
So that would be consistent with previous reports, too, even if they have the exact model
and make of the white van incorrect.
And once again, if you're confused why this will pull up the phone booth, we don't really
understand why as well.
But apparently within minutes, whoever this was in this van, either getting on the phone
or arriving at this location, 30 or so police cars arrived.
And Kelly, you also talked about what is sort of interesting, what's happened in the
aftermath of this.
We know a custom suspect.
That's interesting.
Claretzia Suck is said in Northson.
Ray Lucas sucks.
Portance of some of the videocaping that's being done by state authorities on the scene.
What did you see?
As you're seeing it right now, Paul, and now they've got the vehicle that looks like
going to be rolled out of the greatest games in the history of the world series.
I know United, the sports, even the world series, but 11 to 10, angels 10, giants, angels
11, giants 10, last night, 85,000 home runs.
Very bonds hits another one in the ninth inning to make it within one run just unincredible.
And we have three hours on Ray Lucas sucks.
This one is for the vehicle prior to the time.
The truck is on his own where they can go take it to another location.
I'm doing an in-depth search.
Oh my god.
And that Kelly looks like what we're witnessing right now.
Is that Train Monkey?
Back of trailer ready to go.
I think you're going to see the car obviously put on this rack.
Yeah, we're going to see the car put on a rack.
We'd like to see you put on a rack, Paula.
That's what we'd like to see.
And tortured.
You deserve it, honey.
All those intemperated, idiotic comments about well, they could be on their way to the
Turkey point.
Listen, when it comes to Turkey's, honey, you know where it's at.
Bitch.
Oh, there's Leon Harris who said Kirby Puckett on Friday.
He put an H between the P and the U.
It's here of all the authorities on the scene.
But see, he didn't spell it with an F. He's spelled it with a P H U, which I, you know, that's a little more intellectual.
You see now that authorities are preparing to move that vehicle.
Yeah, they're going to move that vehicle.
Maybe get those minivans out.
Remember that Peter Paul and Mary sung move those minivans out?
No.
Yeah, you do.
What was the name of that song?
We played it IOD all the time.
Move those minivans out.
Well, whatever was drugs found on Kid Rock's bus speaking of vehicles as Paul said, vehicles.
Say it and so.
Aren't you surprised?
Aren't you shocked?
Just made.
Aren't you mortified?
Kid Rock.
Another train monkey.
Kid Rock's tour bus was pulled over and scoured for drugs on Florida's turnpike just hours after the rep
mental singer performed in suburban West Palm Beach.
He and his van weren't on the bus when it was stopped for a topped about him search, including the celebrity bedroom
according to a police report.
Officers said they found a marijuana cigarette and a small amount of cocaine.
How do you like that?
A marijuana cigarette?
One.
And a small amount of coke.
The St. Lucie County Sheriff's Office charged Kevin Joseph McMahon, 36 of Lebanon, Tennessee,
with drug possession.
He identified himself as Kid Rock's personal ass assistant, according to an arrest report.
He was released from St. Lucie County jail Sunday on $16,000 bond.
Kid Rock had kicked off the Aerosmith concert Saturday at the Croskaya Amphitheater.
Aerosmith was playing in that horse ball place?
Now, how come Woody Graber didn't tell us about that and often knew you hate it.
And he's not going to offer you tickets to go to the airport.
I hate Aerosmith.
No, you hate the amphitheater.
Well, what was a great group like Aerosmith performing in a horse ball place like that?
Getting paid.
Man, that place blows.
The bus was pulled over about midnight a few miles south of the St. Lucie Indian River County Line
by a sheriff's detective in the FHP.
According to a sheriff's report, authorities have been tipped by motorists who said drugs were aboard.
No one was available yesterday at the sheriff's office or the driveway highway patrol to elaborate.
Tipped by motorists?
Tipped by motorists who said drugs were, they could probably smell it.
The only other person on the bus at the time was the driver.
Maybe with Steve M. Maybe he was the motorist.
Maybe he sold it to him.
The only other person on the bus at the time was the driver who said he was headed to Nashville.
The band had flown to Nashville after the show.
We said the driver and the bus were allowed to leave after the search.
How do you like that?
Good upstanding guy like Kid Rock and his entourage.
And he got freaking drugs on the bus.
A shock.
Iraq War unjustifiable says the head of Bush's church.
Oh no.
President George Bush's own methodist church has launched a scathing attack on his preparations for work.
He's trying to get against Iraq saying that without any justification in court of the teachings of Christ.
How do you like that?
Court of the teachings of what's his name?
Jesus Christ.
Jim Winkler, head of social policy for United Methodist,
added that all attempts at a dialogue between the president and his own church over the war had fallen on deaf ears at the White House.
His remarks came as the U.S. continued its efforts to achieve agreement on a UN resolution that would open away for a tough program of weapons inspections in Iraq.
Francis believed to be concerned that the current draft resolution might still act as a trigger for military invention without a full security council debate if Iraq fails to comply.
Winkler is General Secretary of the Board of Church and Society for the United Methodist Church which counts the president and the vice president dick-chainy among its members.
The church represents 8 to 9 million regular church goers and is the third biggest in America.
The Methodist Church, he says, is not pacifist but rejects war as a usual means of national policy.
Methodist scriptural doctrine he added specifies war as a last resort, primarily a defensive thing, and so far as I know Saddam Hussein is not mobilized military forces along the borders of the U.S.,
nor along his own border to invade a neighboring country, nor of any of these countries pleaded for our assistance, nor does he have weapons of mass destruction targeted at the U.S. he said.
Winkler said his church was keenly aware that the kind of the president is deput among its members and that he was therefore frequently encouraged by others to be very careful about how I say things.
You know what we're saying? Be very careful how you say things, Pops.
Father, now he's not a father, what do they call him?
Pops.
So we got some real heavy duty breaking news there, baby.
And then we got a couple of them watched and more showed up in Rite Hill County, some more undercover cops.
Let me ask you did you see the man that was the man in that van right there?
Yeah he had pulled up the van.
Right in the van.
You see it he had pulled up real close next to that teleplane booth and the car was running, you could see the exhaust.
But as far as we're going to have for lunch, spam flam.
They're pretty well tempted so I couldn't see the guy inside.
Let me ask you what exactly did this man do? What was his expression when police moved in on it?
I know that the police officers expression was...
We want to litter up this tape and take you down to Montgomery County.
Oh here's the movement, here we go.
Last night a brief statement not taking any questions.
Just want to ask the indulgence of the media that the message that needs to be delivered that is that we are going to respond to a message that we have received.
We will respond later, we are preparing our response at this time.
At this time.
Thank you.
Now do you have any idea what he just said?
If they're going to receive the message and they're planning their response and they're going to respond and when they get the response together they're getting their response together.
Is that what he'd be saying?
The most man speaks baby and when the most man speaks with one of these press conferences every 15 minutes, the war listens baby.
Because he's a pretty important guy.
Let's see this fact says good morning, you have two very important details for today.
That's right, we're just killing time for another hour and a quarter of those numbers come out.
It says one, the ratings I'm dying to hear how Molary Curly did in the arm and the AM.
I know George kicked ass.
Two, did the fish sign Jimmy Carter or Chris Carter yet?
Well, are they going to tell us?
Because I realize that they almost never communicate with us the sports nerds over there.
If the word comes in from the dolphin camp that they officially sign Chris Carter, which they desperately need, we'll get it.
How do you know that?
Because I'm going to make arrangements.
Well, make arrangements for that, okay?
Because we have some people out there who are dolphin fans who are like looking at wounds in the second win after yesterday's, because Ray Lucas sucks.
Also, did you see the sports page JF kissing Lucas in the year?
I saw that. Also go San Francisco giant.
Not I like the angels, baby.
In spite of JT snow.
Nice going there JT is having a good series.
Still looks pretty good.
Like those angels, baby, it's their year.
The sniper, it's a here's David Boston says the sniper is cardinal law.
Anything to deflect attention from his flop.
Oh yeah, we got cardinal law stuff here later on in more of our periodicals, you know.
Yeah, there's something in the ear in here.
I'm getting.
You hear that?
Oh, it's an itch and yeah, there's something in here.
I think it calls for like, oh, should it come in here?
Major, major lawsuit sounds good to me.
12 minutes after 10 at 560 must be time jikket disease.
Although we're not belchers.
It's not time when he was on the earth.
It's got to have the worst indigestion of anybody ever known in my life.
Little Tommy makes me want to gruff just thinking about him.
Hey, speaking about the grefson, I'll tell you one place you go and have a gigantic feast.
And you'll be farting and grefson and have a big smile on your face because you'll probably eat a ton of food.
And that's the Emerald Coast, the world's most amazing Chinese buffet.
There are a lot of Chinese buffets.
You know, the other ones are a dime a dozen, but there's only one Emerald Coast.
It just stands heads in the shoulders above the rest because everything is fresh.
The food is truly gourmet. They no use any crap, no MSG, no cornstarch, no that garbage.
And they use only cholesterol, free oil, and all the cooking, too.
So it's good for you. It tastes great. The selection is endless.
And they got three different locations for you.
You'll find Emerald Coast and sunrise, north by me, beach to the brand new one in Pemberpines.
Start your mouth watering on tradewood, the choices six different soups.
Try them all. Just suck them down.
Then sample dozens of succulent entrees, oriental surf and turf on the weekends with a laskin king crab,
and New York strip steak made of your order at the gourmet center.
That's that sizzling Asian grill featuring teriyaki steak, shrimp, chicken, seafood, and even hand-carb prime rib.
You're right. There's something in here.
The Emerald Coast, I think it's poison. I think Mo left this little gas.
That must be because the numbers are coming out.
The Emerald Coast buffet promotes healthy living like I said, cooking all of its fine cuisine with cholesterol, free oils, okay?
The buffet features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar, and fresh shrimp cocktail, too.
And please try to bring along your crowbar so you can open up your pants and save some room for desserts because the dessert bar is outstanding, too.
With pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream, and all your favorite toppings, and fresh fruit that even be having watermelon all the time, too.
It's a perfect end to an unforgettable feast.
Like I said, three locations sunrise at Pine Island and 44th Street, Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd and prestigious North Miami Beach,
and the intersection of Flamingo and Pepper Grote and Pemberpines.
Emerald Coast, except the reservations, take out delivery available as well.
Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22.
9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22.
Don't forget to call Ponytail, by the way.
And look for our new Oriental Chicken Salad, too, at the Emerald Coast.
My name is Michael. This is Fort Real Phi City.
You are here.
Yo, yo, let's rate four.
Radio Big Shot.
All right, now we pass the time away in the Gale of Oz.
Our line, Casino Radio, 560 WQAM presents Captain Mo Vaineroo.
The ratings for the sports format were so bad, we had to start paying the sponsors.
And when the only three listeners we had asked to get paid for listening well, we thought we'd give this a try.
Hello, boys and girls. This is your role, the lady Captain Vaineroo.
We got your full duck at the moit in the environment over here.
Er, this thing's...
I ought not be doing this, boys and girls.
I was a big star at one time, see?
But I gotta tell you, kids, live an imperadcing cheap.
I need the check, I understand.
All right.
Let's see, we got over here. Got some great paper.
Oh, fingers, I'm out to do one.
One and Captain?
What do you want, Green James? Let me alone.
Aren't you gonna say good morning to our friends?
Yeah, right, good morning, moos.
They call me Mr. Moos.
For Jabbae, home back a moos.
I'm glad they're here, they're the man, ding-o, man.
You be disson-y.
Man, I piped down, pal.
Your woolly's a role right by me.
Got the good, it's strong loins from the proper breeding.
I was don't know what you'd say.
That's who's your stupid, did it?
Now we're gonna make something out of this cray paper, you understand?
No.
Then maybe later I'll pull the link source and just add it to my pants, okay?
Yeah, okay.
All right, now, here's the paper.
How many sheets you want, Green James?
I'll take two.
Two.
So let's just take, eh?
It's a joke, you moron.
I'll take one for me.
How many for you, Mr. Moos?
In the whole tin.
Ten, ten sheets of paper.
Look at this black-glass monkey over here.
You want ten sheets?
Ten sheets of paper.
Well, I got noose for you, pal.
Paper don't come cheap, you're dumped it soon.
What?
What you with it, sis?
I'm not gonna cut your vane, it's real.
Help me out here, Green James.
No!
Hey, where's your Green James?
Around my ankles.
Where we want yours to be.
Get ready.
Pull him down, Green James.
Oh no, not again.
Get him.
Get him.
Get him.
Get him.
Get him.
Get him.
Get him.
Get him.
Get him.
Get him.
Get him.
Get him.
Get him.
20 after 10 at 5, 60, WQA.
And we got the mad dog at 1.
We got Hank at 3.
3 to 6.
Oh, 3 to 6.
And that more between 5 and 6.
Oh, that's right, because we got her a cool hotline
between 6 and 7 from the Hacksetter.
Nice going, Airhunter.
Got him on a short shows.
And then we got Sifco's Panther preview with 7 of Panthers
and the Atlanta trashers at the, what is it?
Office Depot, not the, whatever it used to be,
a Renaissance Center.
Panthers and the trashers.
And that's with the number 8 Peter Rorals on the team.
That's what Mike Russo wanted to tell you.
Any K after the hockey game in June Mark overnight.
Don't be talking to hockey on his station.
Don't be talking to World Series.
All I want to hear is Ray Lucas sucks.
Very interesting.
There seem to be quite a bit of police presence here
around the property.
Yeah, no kidding.
That scared a little commotion amongst everybody.
We started looking and there was some police standing in the bushes
and looking around up towards the gas station.
And then all of a sudden we see this white van
and we're thinking, oh my god, what's going on here?
Oh my god.
And then we had probably what I would say 7 or 8 unmarked.
This is Don Nielsen, who's a car dealer.
And out of one of the cars came three guys that opened a trunk
and proceeded to put on a bulletproof vest
and load up thought rifles.
And they took a very surreal light in front of the dealership
up to the corner and then the next thing you know they were just
on this van in a matter of seconds.
They pulled a man out, held rifles on him,
and away he was gone.
Well, how long were those police officers there before the van pulled on?
Hey, while I'm going to say by the time I was brought to my attention,
probably 10 or 15 minutes of people looking around,
milling around and parked in the area here.
About what time?
I would say probably 8, 15, 8, 20, right in that range.
And what time did you see the white van pull up?
Can you repeat that?
Oh, the white van was there after I saw all this going on.
So I did not see the van pull up.
One of the girls at work here went up for coffee at 8 o'clock
and noticed it there at that time.
Now, when you did see them go ahead and approach the van,
did you see what happened then?
Were guns brownish?
Did you see them overwell?
This person or was it a quiet negotiation?
It was very overwhelming.
They put their rifles to their shoulder at the time,
when they were still in front of the dealership,
which is probably a good 100 yards from the van.
They kept their weapons shouldered as they approached the van
and not at any one second,
did they not have their rifles pointed at the back?
I heard Leon Harris once got Candace the DJ
because he played that record by Gary Puckett and the Union gang.
It was locked.
It's a little bit rainy here and look.
Couldn't get the name right.
You could see the officers hand,
swide off of the door handle,
and then one of them banged on the door.
Okay, well this is all, you know,
it's all window dressing is what it is.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, let's fill some time.
Okay, and talk to somebody that saw something,
even though we don't have any idea yet.
Let's wait for the moose man to come back
and give us the real heavy duty crap, okay?
10, 23, and 5, 60 WQAM.
Marine downrights in New York Times yesterday,
which means it should be in one of our local papers
in about four or five days.
The souffle doctrine is the head of this column.
The boy emperor picked up the morning paper
and stunned, dropped his juicy juice box
with a little straw-touched.
Oh man, he wailed.
North Korea's God-newks.
Sheriff Musharraf was helping them.
Al-Qaeda's blowing stuff up again.
The Pentagon speculating that the sniper
might really be Al-Qaeda decoit teams,
trying to distract the law
while they're planning a bioblitz creek
or a dirty bomb attack on the Capitol.
Tenets broken out in the hives about the next 9-11.
Paul spends all his time kissing up to the Frenchies.
Sodom is ranting about a river of American blood,
jetties in a world of hurt, the economy's cratering.
At least Carl says our worst threat
is he will open up a candidate election day
whoop on congressional Democrats.
This is not the way my new doctrine was supposed to work.
We're supposed to be to deciding who we're preempting
when we preempt them.
The speech write is called an axis of evil,
but it was really just a spoke of evil.
Condi and Rumi said once we finished off Sodom,
nobody will rest America again.
But everything's gotten fuzzier than fuzzied mad.
Some people are actually talking about my doctrine leading to W.W.3.
Carl says that would be bad.
The boy emperor was starting to field ban Buzel by his war tutors.
He needed a fresh perspective.
There was a guy on TV with a round face
and deep voice running around Provance, London, and Berlin,
where he suggested Schroeder resign.
He was preeminent on preemption.
The boy summoned him to explain the Bush doctrine.
Do I know you? He asked his visitor?
I'm the chairman of your Defense Policy Board
and amused Richard Pearl replied.
I'm an advisor to Rumsfield, a friend of Wolfowitz's,
and a Thorn in Powell's Metals.
Jesuyun Gorman, Monsieur the President.
And he liked that. I got that French line pretty good there, Marine.
Jesuyun Gorman.
I've always dreamed of opening a chain of fast food
to flash-shops based on a machine
that would automatically separate eggs,
beat the yolks and combine them with hot milk and sugar,
add the desired flavorings, whip the whites until stiff,
pull them into the mixture and bake an individual
pots without human intervention.
Then conveyor belts would bring the glass and clothes
up into the table, and patrons would get to see their meals rise.
I've never found investors smart enough to realize
the dazzling ingenuity of the Pearl Suflay doctrine.
Meanwhile, I'm killing time trying to get your foreign policy to rise.
I'm known as the Prince of Darkness.
Why? I persuaded Reagan to ignore the weak need,
striped pants set of the State Department,
and buy every weapon inside until the evil empire was scared,
stiffer than a perfectly executed meringue.
But why are we going after a lunatic in Iraq
for planning to make a bomb,
and not a lunatic in North Korea who already has bombs, the boy asked?
At the end of the day Pearl replied his voice,
dripping with patience for his student,
Iraq is an easy kill.
But if North Korea can deter us by brandishing a nuclear weapon
the boy pressed, why can't we deter Sodom by brandishing a nuclear weapon?
You must puncture the Suflay before it rises, Pearl instructed.
Why are we mad at North Korea for flouting its international agreements
when we flood our international agreements, the boy wondered?
You cannot make sublime crepes who set without a fire, Pearl lectured.
Didn't you insist that Sodom and Al-Qaeda were linked the boy persistent?
We made that up, Pearl Shrugged.
You have to be imaginative as Audrey Hepburn was in Sabrina
when she offered to make Bo-Yea Suflay out of saltines and eggs.
As the Baron told Sabrina, a woman happily in love she burns the Suflay,
a woman unhappily in love she forgets to turn on the oven.
Ha, the boy said, Tony and Corlin told me to stop talking about regime change,
and instead say, war is a last resort,
and stop talking about a preemptive strike, and instead say, war is not imminent.
There's Sissy's Pearl said, is love curling with an Episcene disdain?
You cannot deliver the Shishimi unless you use the blade.
The boy Emperor was more be funneled than ever.
Get me condi-he yelled at a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Right, it's marine down, and today's periodical on, what is it?
Periodicals on audio.
Here on QAA.
I'm sorry for that marine doubt.
She ain't no Tom Jickel, I'll tell you that.
How's this thing coming on?
I have a polarity kit.
Rested man did not put up a struggle.
They got 85 million porkers there.
They towed away the car.
What are we looking at?
That's after another interesting point of the story is,
once they sent a red Mustang back, an undercover cop,
back out on the road, and he drove by the van and turned around.
It seemed like right when he got back in there,
a couple of police officers ran across the street with what I thought was yellow tape.
You know, the police tape.
And while that time had Mustang went on to a three of the guys,
popped their trunks, they started putting on external bulletproof vests.
They pulled out these big rites.
Pretty piercing stuff, huh?
27 after a 10 at 560,
rolling an hour away from the numbers, baby.
Oh, man!
Hey, Tom Laman and Helen Potty,
XGMC are probably crap and air pants down there too today.
Just glued to the radio waiting for those big numbers to come out.
Especially on a morning show.
Anyway, no tricks this Halloween and Helen Potty, XJS treats,
and I was saying that grade 0% Halloween event on now at Hallett.
Yes, with a proof credit from GMAC,
gets you 0% financing up to 60 months on all 2002 Potty,
XGMC models and select 2003's too,
or take you a rebate of up to 4 grand.
Here's even more good news.
No payments for 90 days.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs,
including that snappy on-boy,
voted by Motor Trends SUV of the year.
Probably not a good idea to get a white one right now.
Plus, the other all-new Potty, XV SUV that's got the power of a big,
expensive sports car in a fraction of the price.
Helen also got a stupendous selection of dependable use cars,
trucks, and SUVs.
Don't buy a white one.
And if anybody else turned you down for credit,
no problem because Helen is here,
even if you're a deadbeat,
even if you used to work for this joint,
they'll cut you deal.
Even if you're a depot,
even if you used to work at the Indian joint,
they'll cut you deal.
It's the grade 0% Halloween event it's going on right now
at Hallett Pontiac 134-1 South Dixie Highway.
That's US one across from the falls where they've been doing it right for over 35 years.
Hallett Pontiac GMC open every day,
seven days a week.
Don't forget they be professional grades.
My, my, and local,
this is Sports Radio High City.
We play and we play.
Joey sucked.
A moment like this,
long people way in life,
that.
Kelly Clarkson left the world breathless
with her song,
moment like this.
Now the world is wishing that was their last breath
because fabricated artist records
is releasing that same great single.
But this time it's sung by real artists like Bruce Springsteen.
A moment like this,
some people way to life chair.
Willie Nelson.
A moment like this,
some people way to life time.
Eminem.
Go a moment, just a moment.
Yeah, a moment like this.
Some people way a lifetime.
Shaggy.
A better debaunt a moment like Bruce.
A better debaunt a once on flip.
Go away, a lifetime.
Yes, it's a moment like this,
CD collection.
They didn't want to sing on the CD,
but until they released from recording industry servitude,
they don't have a choice.
A moment like this, CD collection of the greats.
Buy it and vote for your favorite rendition today.
Chulavista, California,
fan stabbed at a concert featuring rap artist Nelly has died.
While another remained hospitalized,
the second musical event where violence is erupted in recent months,
fully said,
fight tamai tanu.
30.
Died center,
we'll see if they're making a difference of your mispronouncement now,
because Died center day of multiple stab wounds,
he suffered an attack during a rap concert Friday night said,
Dr. Lieutenant Richard Colison.
Another fan, Sean Bowers, 27, was also stabbed,
but he's hospitalized in good condition.
Police charge Hank Carl Benegas, 26,
and Steven Francis T. Sam,
both 42 of Alpine, with an investigation of murder and attempted murder Colison said,
and unidentified 16-year-old boy who's been detained in juvenile facility,
which charged with conspiracy, he'd be saying.
Benegas and his uncle T. Sam,
an Indian tribal official, were being held without bail,
an Indian tribal official.
In August, at the Beat Summer Jam 2002 concert in Irvine, California,
about 15,000 people fled after a fight broke out
and spilled onto the main stage.
One person was hospitalized.
There were no rest.
T. Sam is chairman of the VA House Band of Kumei-Y Indians.
Kumei, Kumei, whatever.
Kumbaya.
Indians, which operates a casino in Alpine about 30 miles east of San Diego,
telephone messages left with tribal vice chairman Bobby Barrett,
were not returned yesterday.
How do you like that?
Bobby Barrett, he's busy.
He's working on a TV deal with D. Faux.
Why are you picking on D. Faux again today, all of a sudden?
Yeah, what is that?
He and D. Sam, the little dog certainly started to look pretty good right now.
Now, see when those numbers come out a little over now,
I guess, you know, between 1130 and noon.
It's kind of like a no-lose situation in many ways for some of us.
It's kind of like a no-lose situation.
When, when?
Because if the morning goes up, if Mo finally throws a number in there,
which were waiting for that to happen, then it could help the rest of us with that bonus money.
If, on the other hand, the morning like continues its steady decline
and has to continue getting that search party out there to see if we can find an audience
and can't gain no momentum.
Well, in that case, so you see what I'm saying?
No, I understand.
And then, of course, if the midday number tanks, I can always blame you, right?
So, this is the kind of rating.
I just, I'm dying for this, Tommy.
Little Tommy's out there.
He's taking notes, seeing who's being the audience nice on periodical or audio.
What a puss.
What a schmuck, Tommy.
And then the best part of it is, the ones who, like I always have been,
the ones who can't stand it would like to tell me what else to do.
There's the listening.
March, April, May, June, July, August, September, almost eight months.
Since we sat here taking a bunch of illiterate idiotic obnoxious dumbass phone calls,
eight months, and they're still out there.
WQAM.
Yeah, can you ask Neal to explain how you guys get the numbers?
Okay.
All right.
Okay. Hey, Neal.
We get them.
They bring them in here on the sheets of paper.
That's how he said, how do you get the numbers?
They bring them in here.
Clarence will probably be trotting in here.
He's doing a fine job.
He said, and every time it comes in, he'll probably say,
Ray Lucas sucks because he's obsessed with that crap.
He's one of them.
He's one of them sports nerds.
Good guy, but a sports nerd.
Are you, you have like, infocymor, like maybe, maybe you have TV.
You think you might have TV?
I hope not.
See, and I think I'm catching it.
Do I have to be hospitalized for that?
TV is highly contagious, isn't it?
George has TV.
I don't want to get anybody in a building psychotic or anything,
but I just diagnosed it.
And I love the way they put all this little stuff on the screen here on the crawl.
Oh, and the van is being removed from the president.
Oh, really?
No, Schmidt.
Sherlock.
Yeah, toad van has temporary Virginia tags, and they're towing it.
They've taken it from the premises.
As they show you the picture of the guy named Toad truck,
hollering this piece of crap away.
Oh, and now they're removing it from the premises.
Woo!
Why not doing all together in voice to survive it?
You don't know if you can survive it.
You know, if the police are nervous, everyone's terribly wound up without all of them.
I'm wondering if we can survive CNN.
That's what I'm wondering.
Check intelligence officials have knocked down one of the few clear links between
Al-Qaeda terrorists and the Iraqi regime of Saddam Hussein, according to UPI.
Senior Czech intelligence officials have told their American counterparts
that they now have no confidence in their early report of direct meetings in Prague
between Muhammad Aqtah, leader of the September 11th hijackers,
and an Iraqi diplomat station in Prague,
who has since been expelled for activities inconsistent with his diplomatic status.
Quite simply, we think the source for this story may have invented the meeting that he reported.
We can find no corroborative evidence for the meeting, and the source has real credibility problems,
a high-ranking source posted Czech intelligence told UPI yesterday.
The initial report of the meeting in June 2000 claimed that Aqtah had met
Ahmed Al-Ani and Iraqi intelligence official based in Prague under diplomatic cover,
whose movements were being routinely monitored by BIS, the Czech intelligence service.
The report also suggested that Iraq was probably the source of $100,000 that Aqtah suddenly obtained
a finance-de-west leg of the terror mission.
The report went on to claim that Aqtah returned to Prague April 9 last year,
on a three-day mission to see Al-Ani once more,
just to wish before the majority of the hijack team left Saudi Arabia for the U.S.
Left Saudi Arabia!
The report was then publicly confirmed by Czech Interior Minister Stanislav Gross,
on the basis of the initial assessment of the BIS.
The nearest to a smoking-unconnecting Iraq-to-Elkhaed other Czech report was taken very seriously in Washington
in the face of growing skepticism at the CIA,
but other influential figures in Washington including former CIA director James Wolsey
and former assistant secretary of defense Richard Pearl pursued their own inquiries
using their own sources that have now been told by high-ranking Czech sources
that they no longer stand by the initial report.
Pearl in Prague this weekend for a meeting of the trial-ladderal commission,
the trial-ladderal commission!
Oh my God!
was told in person yesterday that the BIS now doubts that any such meeting
between Aqtah and Al-Ani ever took place!
A meeting of the trial-ladderal commission!
Are you ready for that?
Holy crap boys and girls!
The question of the Czech meeting whether it ever happened is just one aspect
of a growing dispute within the Bush administration,
where the officials close to the White House leaping to conclusions
while the CIA remains skeptical.
There's a separate argument over rack's intent to smuggle a concern
to the specialized aluminum tubes, cited by President Bush as a sign
that Iraq was building a gas-centrived system to create weapons-grade uranium.
CIA experts doubt whether the tubes in question were suitable for the supposed task
and believe they were intended instead for use in missile engines
still a clear violation of Iraqi commitments to be won,
but not necessarily proof of nuclear intent.
One of the most dangerous things in this business is to start believing reports
simply because it fits with your preconceptions and confirms what you always wanted
to believe a Czech intelligence source told you PI.
How do you like that, huh?
So there's like the last little p that was the only shred
that was supposed to be their smoking gun.
Yeah, and it just got cut off in mid-stream.
About 30 minutes ago, the Plymouth voyage or White van was taken away.
They took it away, and we've seen it.
They started taking pictures of things that are hard to make out what they're picking up
or anything at all.
Can we sit back at Mustang one more time?
Let's hear a little bit.
Those great pictures where it says invoice back with undue,
aren't you proud that I could read that we're back with and forward?
Well, it's from, that's from being able to read Hebrew.
Twenty-be-four-loven at five, sixty-eight-w, QA, M, Hey,
if you love your home, but you just don't have enough space to do all the things you want to do,
here's what you do.
Do what hundreds of other people will be doing,
call strictly editions, whether you're having a baby in another room,
if you're converting a car porter, patty, with living space,
if you went into business for yourself and you want to make a home office now,
just call the good folks at strictly editions,
they'll take care of it for you.
They're your one-stop shop, your more space for your place,
place with an absolutely worry for your approach of expanding your living space.
Those no-shows by the contractors and going to happen in complete work,
no way Jose, no one expected bills, no worries about the job not getting done right,
and they take care of every single last detail.
They drop your blueprints, they get to building permits, handle all the inspections.
Strictly editions has got an easy five-step approach to total customer satisfaction.
One, call the Schedule Free Project Evaluation Employment at your home,
where a project estimator will determine the scope of your addition.
Secondly, they schedule a bit of employment in their convenience,
where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for your work.
Third, select your finishing touches, go to Contract 4,
review the design, architectural drugs, and then fifth,
finally, you sit back and relax as your dream addition moves ahead,
on schedule with unbeatable quality.
It's a piece of cake.
Gifts for strictly editions, a call at 9.5.4.7.9.1.8.100.
You can check out the right and yellow pages if you like.
They serve all a brow at Anne, Southpeed Palm Beach County.
They're licensed, they're insured pros, who care about doing a super job for you.
So call them today and tell them that old Neil tweeted a call 9.5.4.7.9.1.8.100.
for strictly editions.
Five, eight, local, six, six, eight, five, six, eight,
three, eight, all yours, and you're a CACUAN!
Phil, I'm custard, and I'll second one taking that somewhere else.
You do not belong and hear you damn cracky,
go smoke your crack, please!
Do you know why women throw their pennies on the stage?
Do you know why people wear leg warmers?
Do you know why dancers run in place?
Michael is why.
Before anybody did anything.
Michael did everything.
Now, get all his number ones on one disc.
It's Michael.
Who Jackson?
No, Volton?
No.
And it's gotta be Michael, Nesmysadamian.
No, no, no.
It's the number ones of Michael Sambelo.
You know the Flash Dance Kit.
Oh, yeah, right.
You'll hear this number one.
He'll also get this number one.
And this one.
Who could ever forget this number one?
It's the Zolestane Song, this number one.
It's the same record.
Michael Sambelo, like you've never heard of before.
I heard it a million times already.
The number ones of Michael Sambelo, including the remix of Media.
All of the three of you.
Oh, yeah.
It's the same record.
It's the remix.
It's the remix.
Yeah, they got a condom over the phone booth.
That's pretty exciting for safe phone sex.
So, well planned and operation.
I mean, but definitely a fourth thought.
And then, if you would, reprise us on what we heard from you.
Please.
Let me just describe.
How about a reprise, please?
How they approached the van that the door was locked.
Oh, my God.
Hello, George.
This is just incredible.
1046 at 560 WQM.
It's a very important Monday, maybe 44 minutes.
And this place is just going to explode.
When those numbers come out for the summer book.
I guess Miguel's going to be the runner today, huh?
He came down to this end of the building just to get away from that fed durin.
That's what he said.
Anyway, let's continue with our periodicals of on audio here for Tom Jicke.
Who don't like to show the way it is.
You know what time you think I'm going to change the show for you?
No.
I'm not doing a show for little bald headed geeks who don't get diaries anyway, Tom.
No.
How do you like them, apples?
I hope we have a September so God, then.
Big, we have a 99's here.
Just to piss off that little twerp, who just doesn't get it.
See, that's what happens to the boys and girls when you spend too much time in the press
box at the racetrack, smoothing with your racetrack buddies.
That's what happens to your brain turns like a jello.
All the other two officers had direct line of sight in front of them on the suspect.
Yeah, don't take that phone booth with the condom off it off the air.
That's very important stuff.
Okay.
Very important.
Rosie hires attorneys in King Brother case.
You know something you're right.
There's something, it's starting to get cold in here again and it's like, uh, man.
Hear that?
Yeah.
I'm done.
Infosema and TV and all sorts of disease.
Hello, George.
Rosie hires attorneys and get him out of here.
Well, yeah, we don't want to talk to you.
Okay, Mo, get that out of here.
Go take that smelly nasty toupee and the tripeheadle and someplace else.
Hello, George.
Forward toks your host, Rosie O'Donnell has hired two high profile Florida attorneys to represent
one of the two Florida brothers found guilty last month of killing their father.
One of the attorneys confirmed this weekend.
A judge Thursday, as we all know, throughout the convictions of Alex King 13, his brother
Derek 14 ordered the prosecution and defense to try to reach an agreement.
How to resolve the case without another trial.
One suspect arrested a Richmond gas station.
A second suspect arrested someplace else, but they're not telling us where yet.
Miami attorney Jane Wine-Trabbs said O'Donnell called her two weeks ago because she felt so sorry for those boys and wanted to help in any way she could.
In no way, shape, performed at Rosie O'Donnell seek to exploit this Wine-Trabbs tool CNN.
The boys didn't even know that Rosie hired me.
Wine-Trabbs representing Alex King said she was pretty upset that news of O'Donnell's involvement was made public.
I think she's really, and this is on CNN.com, by the way.
I think she's really just a champion of the underdog that her heart is with those kids, lawyer.
She said, now, doesn't this make you feel like a little bit more mellow toward Rosie?
No.
And the thing with the gay adoptions, doesn't that make you feel like no?
No, I just, there's nothing that she could do.
She could come up with a cure for cancer.
She could like stop going to war in Iraq.
She could win the Nobel Prize for life.
And I just can't, I'm sorry, I had a block where she's concerned.
You know what I'm saying?
I just have, she's just disgusting.
She's nauseating.
What if she put the president in a headlock?
Well, no.
No.
I'd have to think about that.
I'd like to see it anyway.
I'd pay to see that.
I don't be knocking a president, man.
He's working for you.
Boston Globe Editorial Vatican Intervention.
Yeah, let's get a bunch of this priest stuff on here.
Most priests, they bishops, Miss Handel, abuse issue.
The LA Times has got stuff up the ass here about the priests, including this one.
15% identify as gay or homosexual side.
Gay or on homosexual side.
In other words, they do it on their side.
Is what they're saying?
So let's see, 15% said that.
We're talking about priest in the West.
So that means like 85% are liars.
Boston Globe Editorial.
The Vatican has decided to change and perhaps soften the tough policy against child abuse,
adopted by the U.S. Catholic bishops in Dallas last June.
As the four officials from Rome joined four Americans in making the changes,
their first priority should be the protection of children not to cover up a clerical misdeeds.
The Vatican was vague about its problems with the Dallas document,
but a statement by Bishop Wilton D. Gregory, president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic bishops,
suggested that they fill into three areas.
The definition of sexual abuse, the removal from ministry of a priest accused of abuse
in the bishops' insistent and unzero tolerance, and the role of independent review boards
to be established in each diocese.
The U.S. bishops decided that sexual abuse includes contact or interactions between a child and an adult,
when the child is being used as an object of sexual gratification for the adult.
That is reasonable, and the Vatican should not choose more limited wording.
The Vatican is worried about due process for accused priests,
and may think U.S. bishops violated a statute of limitations that exist in canon law,
when they insisted that any case of abuse no matter how long ago,
will be grounds for a dismissal from active ministry.
Protection of priest rights is a matter of legitimate concern and would benefit from more study,
but the Vatican should not insist that those with abuse in their basket a second chance.
Oh, not one free pass? Come on!
U.S. bishops have such a sorry record on abuse that they need this tough measure to reassure the laity.
Of the three reservations the most troubling involves review boards,
it is essential that as the bishops decided, each board included majority of late Catholics,
and that members served fixed terms, boards need to be independent of a bishops' control
to discourage future cover-ups of abuse, the Vatican should do nothing to curtail their autonomy.
Cardinal Bernard F. Law said Friday that the Vatican intervention was nothing to worry about,
the Cardinal said the tough policy he implemented in January was fully within the norms of canon law.
He declined a challenge from Attorney General Thomas Riley to implement the tougher recommendations
unveiled by a special archdiocesan commission this month.
Law will wait until December to announce the ones he will adopt.
Gregory said any changes negotiated by the Vatican will be ready for consideration by all U.S. bishops next month.
Law will be able to adjust his response to the special commission accordingly.
However, much of the responsibility for this scandal falls on his shoulders,
no matter what the bishops and the Vatican decide, law has an obligation to make sure that
our archdiocesan policy is unequivocally on the side of child protection
since the Boston Globe and yesterday's paper.
That's a tutorial. How do you like that Tom? You like that Tom?
Uh-huh. Good.
Most priests say bishops' mishandle abuse issue, this is in the prestigious LA Times yesterday.
Many believe that the U.S. Church's charter, though protective of children, is unfair to clerics,
and many are angry at prelates.
Get those numbers Miguel, start making some up now. Just get a chalkboard and make some up.
That's what Sam used to do. My goal is $300,000.
Two... Hey, if I got a memory like a steel trap or what, huh?
Man, he was really something. He's an asshole.
Two-thirds of the nation's Roman Catholic priest disapprove of the way that bishops have handled sex abuse allegations against members of the clergy,
a nationwide LA Times poll of the priest that is found.
The findings of the poll, the most extensive nationwide opinion survey of American priests since 1994,
point to a pervasive and deep-seated anger among many priests.
Many are upset that they... What?
Perv. Many of the our upset donations bishops.
They also are in many cases angry at the news media, and I'm angry because Miguel just gave me a thing to read.
Join the overnight ads more than Monday night crap. Well, who's playing the night?
All the coals and the Steelers. That should be a pretty close game. Two more mediocre teams.
Hey, I understand. The rumor going around the building is Ray Lucas sucks.
Can anybody confirm that for me? Ray Lucas sucks.
Get clearance to confirm that for us. By the way, the press conference on the... What's his name?
Chris Carter. No, no help from you. I'm looking at you right here.
No, Chris Carter. I've got him. Joe Carter. From Gary Carter. From Jimmy Carter.
I'll decide out of mind the press conference on Chris Carter and the pending signing with the dolphins and the passing of his physical.
The rumor is that he had to go like service mose to pay before they were running the signing.
He had like clean it and you know, vacuum it.
So if that all gets done, we'll find out about noon. Okay.
Are we going to put that press conference on here? No.
Not while we're in the middle of dissecting the ratings were not. We'll give you the information. Okay. Is that good enough?
Huh? No. Too bad. You know who's upset about that? That chronic Joe.
Why? Why did they put that? I rather hear Gilbert from chronic Joe and Stuttering Steve.
You know, Howard's got Stuttering John. We got Stuttering Steve.
We got Stuttering Steve. We got the wrong Stuttering guy and the wrong Howard.
Join the overnight guys at Joe and Mark tonight for Monday Night Football Night at 11 at Gaspeas and Bokeh.
Stop by to win some of those embarrassing prizes, those QA and prizes, and enjoy specials on Crown Royal.
That's why Miguel's going to be there.
It's the Colton Steelers that had gaspies in Bokeh from 9 to 11 and that's bedtime for all because you'll mark have to come back and do the overnight show.
So Mo's got some material for the first half hour tomorrow.
In written comments that many priests submitted with the poor responses, they said bishops delayed dealing with the crisis in the first place, then compounded the problem by adopting a zero tolerance policy, the charter for the protection of children and young people that knives accuse clerics, their rights to do process, they be saying.
But the poll also found a bedrock of faith among priests, happiness in their chosen vocation and to believe that the church will come out of the crisis stronger.
Nonetheless, in their comments on these sex abuse policy, which the U.S. bishops approved in June, priests expressed many of the same objections raised by Vatican officials on Friday the Vatican released that let it out way and we know that.
75% of the poor respondents said the charter has done a good or excellent job of protecting minus from sex abuse by priests.
55% of the charter would restore confidence in the church, but only 34% rated the charter as fairness to priests accused of abuse as good or excellent with 45% calling it fair or poor in that regard.
That's right, let's worry about the priests, forget about those kids, forget about the people who committed suicide already because of the abuse, forget about that.
We got to do the cover-up, I mean we got to protect those priests. And that out works.
Of course.
Let's get some more of these periodicals on here before those numbers come out, okay? Hello, George.
Get out of here.
Well, he's probably hanging around and you know for a guy that doesn't listen to the show, I bet you today he might be making an exception around between 11 and 30 and noon, you don't think?
He don't care about numbers, he don't have to worry about stuff like that. He's a big important guy.
He's the voice of the dolphins, he don't have to be worried about stuff like that.
My God.
Yay.
1056 at 560.
Both individuals question are at the Henry Co. County jail.
Look at this picture right here, Jared. It's a fifth of the whole of the make-up.
Oh, there's that picture again. Bill Hummer is hyperventilating about that same stupid-ass picture about the ass end of that Mustang.
What's that one, the grassy hole?
There's a picture of a bunch of fog. There's some trees in the back, it looks like that's a gas station there.
Look at that. Holy crap. By the way, 224 people on the pool. The media coverage of the sniper has been just another feeding frenzy.
A la OJ Sean Rangabade, 151, 67.4% more than two-thirds. Outstanding 29, OK 29 and too much 15.
Like Elvis would say, too much.
Hey, if you wait like way too much, here's the answer for you balance. For life, Beast has lost 56 and a half is at it.
You didn't write it down?
Yeah, I got it right there.
OK, I'm trying to do the arithmetic. All right, just don't get pushy. He's lost 10 near 60 pounds and balanced for life.
And you can do the same thing.
And let me say again to that fat ham-hawk waving Al Sunshine at Channel 4.
I'd like to see you prepare those meals, OK? At any price, fatso. You little tub of lard.
Yeah, it's not cheap, OK? But how much is your health worth here?
How much is like looking like a real human being and putting on some real serious-sized toading instead of a pup tent worth to you?
So if you want three delicious gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, every day of your life delivered right to your door.
Talk about the convenience. No counting calories. No trying to figure out this very complicated zone diet because they got to figure out for you balance for life.
And they deliver right to you at your house, at your work, wherever you want to deliver by 6 a.m. your little black sack.
And once you got your little black sack, you're ready for the whole day. You got enough food in there to keep you happy.
Believe you me. In fact, some days you might have trouble finishing all of it, but do it because that's the important way that this program works.
This is the real weight loss program. Not some stupid fad. Not some silly ass pills that don't work, but it'll make somebody else rich.
Balance for life. The only choices you have to make. No calorie counting. No carbs. It just pick between two choices they give you for each meal each day.
They're you're on the program. They just give you a little bit of a menu and you pick what you like. Call balance for life right now.
You'll start losing weight right away. Call 9.5.4. 5.6.8.3.2.29.
9.5.4.5.6.8.2.29. I give you my personal guarantee that in no time at all you look a lot better than the beast.
Or you can check them out on the web if you like it. Balance for life.com.
We're supporting you 5.6.8. You way yeah.
This is the Neal Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions?
Some back to this installment that'll mo how a David.
Slap me will you? Slap me before I have a strong will you?
Okay. So why are you the what's the big idea? You're cured. No.
You're cured. I'll give you a shot that'll kill you. Now let's go to the hole.
No rose fog behind the abandoned panty pride. Hello.
Hi Mo. Yeah. What do you know what do you say? I just want to tell you I love your show.
Right. Thank you. And if you seen my dead beaver.
What dead beaver? The one that's glued to your head.
Huh?
Hi Mr. David. What's up?
What a hell are you? We be here to end the episode with...
With? With? Why I'll have you know I once had lunch with with missiles.
Hey. What are you doing? Get your hair off me.
I can do this the easy way to hold with.
What do you think you are? You know who I am?
I don't touch with your hair. Have a move your pay.
Have a move your pay.
Send them over big. Yes. Wrap them down.
I'm dying. I'm dying.
Hey. Hey you. What's that? What's a board flag?
Oh. What's up? Oh. Oh.
Say my brush is tingling.
Now I know how that just goes with the board.
Hello George.
1103 at 560 WQIM. Here's the facts. This fact should tell time chicken.
Everybody else who thinks they're an expert on talk radio with his business is really all about.
This will give... This is the definitive facts.
It says...
Ray Lucas sucks. Why do you think we got rid of his ass?
Signed. Mark the Jets fan.
They're all out there baby. They're all out there.
They will continue listening if I say they're going...
Like that.
So there's a difference between letting them sit out there and listen and letting them take over like on the phone.
You see little Tommy that's what you have to ask yourself.
What's the difference between a show that Neil does now and what he used to do before last February and March?
What's the difference?
Did I read articles before one year? Sure.
Always. Not as many, but always.
If there was something interesting and hopefully usually from out of town, sometimes something local, but that rarely is worth reading.
Except of course for Tom's articles, which was okay.
The difference is the phone calls, which you'll notice he made no reference to that.
Even that big PC wrote back in March, which I think is the last time he wrote anything about radio.
Besides answering G. W in the yesterday's TV book.
That's the last time Tommy wrote anything about local radio.
And for a guy that's talking about how important it is to be in touch, be in here in town, to see right about anything local at all.
No. Very rarely. Only on the rarest of occasions.
Because I hate to break the news to you, Tommy.
But those network TV shows that you're so whipped up about reviewing over and over and over again before they get on the air, after they get on the air, after they begin canceled.
They're all over the guy in the hemisphere. They're everywhere.
Even up in Canada, eh? All those same terminal shows that you're obsessed with.
There's nothing you don't have to be here to write about.
Those as you should know when you write about those previews when your asses out there getting winded down in LA.
Seriously, I can't I can think of very few places in the world where you need to be less.
Then here to know what's going on to feel the pulse.
You can't complain about the pulse of this time because there isn't any.
It doesn't exist.
This is the land of the walking dead, Tom.
26 and a half years have been telling people that you still haven't caught on.
Talk about a slow learner, man.
You're a little slow on the upchuck, Tom. Of course he's got that bed indigestion.
Probably too many trips on the visits on Mr. Ego show.
Probably left a bad taste in his mouth.
Or maybe he was out with Norma Kent. Isn't that the rumor that we heard that he was out with Norma Kent?
Not too long ago.
Yes, we did.
Consorting with Norma?
Ha ha.
No wonder he's got that bad indigestion on the light bulb.
247 votes. The media coverage of the sniper has been just another feeding frenzy.
The A la OJ Chandra and John Bonet. 168.
Of course we know what rhymes with John Bonet.
68% say a feeding frenzy.
It's been okay. 34. Outstanding 30 and too much 15.
So if you add the 15 and 183, that's like 75%.
Say enough already. Okay, give us a break.
Now that they don't really have any information other than two people have been arrested in the van with these.
Now they're really speculating about me.
But I'm a peep, peep, peep, peep, peep, peep like this.
Think it'd be getting right away.
See? Like that.
Just like that.
She paid, that was perfect. What a segway that was.
I went for the rip, I went and see what put on me.
But no, like that.
Prove many times doctors would tell you that.
Oh, I guess what, George?
Police briefing in Richmond at 1 o'clock.
So right after we have the press conference about Chris Carter,
we can segway into the police briefing with Mr. Musi again.
How are we going to get the numbers in there?
Oh, ha. I'll get them in there.
Have no fear because the old man.
Oh, God.
Is here.
15% identify as gay or on homosexual side.
Like Tommy.
You know, he's like straight, but he's on a homosexual side.
A little swishy, you know.
But he's like straight.
Like that.
He's on that side of the glass there, for example.
That's right.
That's very good.
That's the heterosexual side on the side that George is sitting on.
And this is the homosexual side.
That's why there's these pictures at Tom Brady and all these,
the German twins, whatever the other names are.
The Gmundur book.
I tried to see if there's a new calendar with them.
I went on the internet.
They don't have no new calendar.
Really?
Yeah.
The Stephen Underhill collection.
Ah, like that.
I don't know what you're laughing about.
Now, even you got to admit that those two guys in that,
the calendar back there are pretty damn good looking.
They're not in their underwear.
They're not in their underwear.
They're in a bathing suit.
They're in a pool.
Oh, that would be okay.
I say in their white underwear.
In their wet white underwear.
Anyway, see, he won't do it.
He can't do it.
It's a good looking guy.
They're good looking guys.
For what?
For what it's worth?
I didn't say you want to like do them.
You want to do something with them.
Just say they're good looking guys.
That's all because it's the homosexual side.
You run the safe side.
And by the way, you're starting to do what Tom said back in March.
You're starting to like talk as much as I am now.
Oh, good.
Would you remember he wrote that?
Yes, he did.
You're like an equal partner in the show and he's really pissed off.
No, that's what he said.
An equal partner.
That was a funny line too.
Yeah.
Well, you know Tom.
He's stupid.
Right.
Even Mono's that.
The subject of gays and the priesthood has been hotly debated throughout these sexual abuse scandal that has rocked the Catholic Church in the US.
Many Catholic traditionists, including some bishops and Vatican officials, have sought to blame gay priest for the scandal.
On the other side of the window, many have said the Church has increasingly come to depend on gay men who've entered the priesthood in larger numbers in recent years.
Oh, yeah, in recent years, right.
Despite the debate, there's been little debt on how many priest actually are gay.
How many are really gay?
The Times pull up priest-ass respondents to characterize their sexual orientation.
It combined 15% identified themselves as homosexual.
9% are somewhere in between but more on the homosexual side.
6%.
Well, now what is that?
I see 9 and 6.
Makes 15.
But among, yeah, 9 and 6, that's what they like.
If they're 9 and 6, we're talking about the ages of the altiboy.
But among younger priest, those who are ordained for 20 years or less to figure with 23%.
The figures, particularly for the younger priest, are higher than most estimates of the percentage of U.S. gay men.
But lower than some estimates of the percentage of homos in the priesthood, which have ranged up to 50%.
Anybody go for 90?
Five.
That figure.
Oh, I see Miguel's coming in with some numbers.
See, I just made that up to get everybody panicking.
They're not due for like another 20 minutes to a half an hour at the very least.
Now, is Maddie Bell here today?
We want to make sure that we've got the entire crew here.
This isn't just a trend, okay?
This is heavy duty today.
Make you can smell it.
That must be the pilot mole left in the hall and way out.
Heavy, heavy duty.
You can smell it all over the building.
Even though it's only the summer book.
See, it's not just a trend.
It's a book, but it's only the summer book, which is supposed to be, ah!
If you have a bad number, you always say, ah, it's only the summer book.
That's a good rationalization.
We only get half the bonus.
And I can say, oh yeah, George was on.
He sucks.
You know, who the hell wants to listen to him talking about eating ass, you know?
Eating spic ass.
Never have.
Spic ass, quinsalsa.
Yeah.
Mm.
Can't be all that.
Salis is good on anything is what I'm hearing.
Right?
Yeah.
What I'm hearing.
Cover it.
Rectome.
Oh, God, I can't wait for another half an hour.
See, like I said, this is going to be a no-lose.
I think this is the first time in my life I've ever been in a position, so to speak.
So to speak.
Yay.
No, not that position.
Hey, no matter what position you're in, you want to be sleeping on a good mattress, folks.
That's why you want to talk to my good pizons and dial amatras, which is what I always do.
Well, I say always do.
It's not that often because a good mattress lasts you for seven years, but they don't last forever.
So if your mattress is just not getting the job done, if you're not getting great nights sleep every night, call the folks at dial amatras.
You don't have to leave the house.
You need to do only one thing called one 800 mattress, and they give you the whole deal, the whole ball of wax, the whole package, as they say.
Because they give you the ultimate freedom of choice of brand name mattresses from SIRTA, CELY, Simmons, King, Coil, the ultimate one comes to delivery any day of the week, seven days when it's convenient for you,
noon to two, one to three, two to four, etc.
And they'll be there when they say they will.
And they give you that 30 day in-home comfort guarantee to test it out the real way by sleeping on it and screwing your brains out on it to make sure it's the right mattress for you and what you need.
And of course, because they got the deepest selection of brand name mattresses, no bait and swish with these guys exactly the one you orders what you're going to get.
So pick up that phone right now. You'll be sleeping with a big happy smile on your post as soon as tonight, call 1-800-MATRES.
George has TV, by the way. Stay away from... or check them out on the web if you like it mattress.com.
You're my love. This is Bush when you're like a few way out.
There's a butt- I smell it.
One family has captured the imagination of all of America. It's Al Quinter in the family.
Healing the infidels, non-believers go for hell. Living in a cave that smells. These are the days.
Osarobin, Latin's favorite son, Saad is taking over the family business. Funny business that is.
Oh, shut up, eat it, you damn fat. And where is that no good meat, turban, son of mine?
Hey, you cold pork.
Hell, kid, hey, in the family. It's like something you've seen before.
Oh boy, come on, goat- What are you going to do? Eat the great Satan's and that's a hand.
No pop, just build up my strength for the jihad.
Oh geez, stop fielding up, it's not blowing up there.
When the son of a jackal gets the son of his own, he'll larity ensues on Al Quinter in the family.
Only on Al Jazeera TV land.
Kill some people. 1116 at 5.60 WTQAM.
Now they got the tent built right next to the... it's not around, it is. Next to the foam booth.
No, I thought it was over it.
No, there's the foam booth. They got a code, they got a condom over the foam booth.
You better get with it, they got a wrong angle before.
They got the condom over the foam booth and they got a little tent next to it, a building tent city.
And the police breathing which was scheduled, it wouldn't have been pushed back to 1 o'clock.
Yesterday, I think it was between 6 and 7.
They had 622 press conferences scheduled and it was almost 7 o'clock before we got to the first one.
And then, mooseyman came out and said, boom, boom, boom, like that, about that message.
And nobody understood what they was talking about and that was that.
Explosion on bus in northern Israel.
That's pretty unusual news.
Speaking of that, what a segue. Out of the closet into the Knesset.
This is from the New York Post, Jerusalem.
Israel will soon have a representative who's openly gay for the first time in the Israeli Parliament's history.
But he may not be the first homosexual in the Knesset.
How do you like that? An openly gay member of the Parliament.
Tel Aviv University's physical chemistry professor, Uzi Even.
Not Izzi Even. Uzi Even.
Will be sworn in next month, believes there have been many closet gays among Knesset's members since the state of Israel's birth in 1948.
I'm sure that the proportion of homosexuals among them has been the same as among the general population between 5% and 10% of the post in the New York Post and Friday.
I'm sure that there was not one Knesset without homosexual members who said also I believe that some of the Israeli governments included homosexuals.
Now, one of them dared to declare publicly because of fear of tremendous social pressure.
Friday was even 62nd birthday. He was celebrated dinner with his partner of 16 years and with our 24-year-old foster son and his boyfriend.
The Haifa-born scientist that is postdoctoral studies at the University of Texas at Austin.
Well, we know about Austin. What that place used to be.
Which, you know, it's not like that anymore?
No, it's not. Since Madeline, since they dug off Madeline.
And worked at some of the top secret as really defense establishments, including the nuclear reactor in the Mona.
How do you like that at easy?
And they're not worried about, you know, like being blackmail and stuff like that.
Which I guess they don't have to worry about because he's already out.
See, we got the gay banter in there today.
I mean, I'm sure Thomas Griteken, the show is sitting down taking notes.
We got our usual gay banter in there just to make sure we got our quota going.
That we just don't know about yet.
Wow, that's everything. We don't know about anything.
Do they know anything? No.
They got a couple of people in custody. Period. That's it.
You know, they could have shown us the gas station, the phone, both they could have shown us the tow truck and the guy falling on his ass.
And I'm throwing the van away. They could have shown us the ass end of that Mustang for whatever reason.
Maybe it's like sublippable, you know, maybe Ford is paying him off. I don't know.
And that's it.
But they can't just do that because they got 24 hours to fill today tomorrow.
They're to fill in the hours.
And we got 11 minutes before 11 30 countdown, baby.
Countdown to kick off here on QAM.
Who do you think is the most pressure on?
Huh?
Who do you think is the most pressure? Me.
Now you know, we already know you're two months.
Yeah, but we don't know about that bonus.
No, no, you don't understand that pressure is on me September.
I have to bail your lazy ass out.
I have to bail your measly ass looking ass out with a good September.
Otherwise, when in doubt, we're going to get screwed out of that bonus.
And of course, as far as the overall station bonus, now the Humper has been doing good lately.
Humper had a real good trend last time, right?
Yeah, he had a great trend last time.
Proud because of Bino.
I would think.
So we know that he's going to hold up his fat end of the bargain.
And we know the mad dog is going to do just fine.
Although today he'll probably be a lot of the weather.
In fact, he might call in sick today after yesterday.
Anyone know why?
Why?
Because we look as sucks.
Oh.
Don't forget it.
No, we got the Chris Carter press conference that you will not be hearing here on QAM.
But we're certainly going to get, I'm sure that in the other room.
And by the way, speaking of the other room when mad dog called me in there,
all I wanted was wave at him and he calls me in the other day.
To go on a year for a few minutes.
And I noticed I haven't paid much attention, I guess,
because I try to stay away from that window because I don't want to get most peace flying around the room again.
He gets psychotic.
Look at the setup they got in there.
What do you got?
Like 17 different TVs and they got satellite and they got cable and oh my god.
It's almost like they got named newsroom at CNN.
That's for public consumption.
You know, VIPs every once in a while go in there.
Oh, I see somebody got to press them.
What are we all?
Absolutely.
A high flutin' operation we got in there.
And as opposed to back when we first came here and I had to embarrass Greg Reed
and like trading out the goddamn satellite dish for them in there, the direct TV.
On this sports station, I had to embarrass and remember I called the guy and I was going to pay for it.
Just like Muff's desk.
Everything around here with these cheap ass beesleys, you got to embarrass them into doing it.
And most of the time it don't work, you have to pay for it yourself.
Florida raised a test for 2004 as we continue with our bedtime stories.
Our periodicals of the year.
In Florida, Governor Jim Bush suddenly finds his reelection at risk from a relatively unknown
Democrat.
And by the way, Bill McBride don't want no state income tax.
Okay.
And act of desperation.
They start floating that stir over the weekend in their ads.
The Bush people.
State income tax.
Just to scare the crap out of people and the McBride people say,
full of it.
Full of crap.
Desperate.
In Florida, Governor Jim Bush suddenly finds his reelection at risk from a relatively unknown Democratic rival
sending big brother, President George W to prop up his campaign this week.
I know his heart.
I know his strength and conviction.
I know his vision.
The president said at a Thursday night fundraiser that was to raise a million dollars for brother and party.
Bush's reelection is one of the most watched and expensive races in the country.
I hope that you'll vote for me.
I honestly need your vote.
This is going to be a close election.
But I believe I will prevail, Governor Bush be saying.
But Democrats think they may have a winner with insurgent underdog Bill McBride,
a tamper lawyer and low-key political newcomer.
The latest poll show a wide open race with a bribe pulling into a statistical dead heat.
McBride has polls confirming the toss-up, but the Bush camps as their poll show them still leading.
Right.
But the little-own McBride should not be discounted, he scored a come-from-be-eyed upset for the Democratic nomination
of a former Attorney General Janet Reno.
And Republicans know that Florida Democrats could hardly be more voted, motivated.
After Florida's 2000 presidential election recap, Biasco, Democrats vowed to out-governor Bush,
not only to avenge former Vice President Elgur's defeat, but also to put a Democratic governor in place to work against President Bush's reelection bid in 2000.
That's the only correct answer.
So while you dark-complexed folks out there instead of weren't so much about Chris Carter and Relukus' suction as a bad haircut,
instead of things like that, you'll be going out there and voting four or five-ten times each, at least,
to make up for all the other times that they wouldn't let you guys vote.
That's right. You'll be going out there and voting 20, 30, 40 times a piece.
Minimum. I already voted by mail six times.
Florida's been inundated in the closing weeks of the election from National Party Activist and Personalities,
who've flown in from all over the country to support the respective candidates.
McBride has even stepped out of the state to help himself, sealing away Friday in New York City, line up more support.
But for Floridians, the issue is not the players made aside the race.
Among the top concerns are public school class sizes and standardized testing.
Bush has proposed reforms in these areas while McBride has blasted Bush's record to date.
Our public schools in Florida have lost ground to every other state for four years in a row.
If you've seen that, we now rank in Florida 49th in Education and Graduation Rank, 50 in school sizes,
44th in class sizes and our teachers are paid well below the national average, McBride be saying.
Bush defends his education record and is now going after McBride for appearing on a radio show
in which African American host Reverend Victor Curry called the Bush Administration a godless wicked regime
on a neo-Nazi right wing mission against the American people.
Well, what's wrong with that?
Nothing. Nothing.
I never liked that.
It's a real career.
I'm up until this moment.
Mr. McBride has told the people of the state he should be measured by the people he associates with.
He should not only just say I don't agree with what Curry said, he should renounce it
and should ask for an apology for the president of the U.S. government to respond to it.
There is no indication from the McBride camp that he plans to make any statement on Curry's remarks
and where he did so will be a very delicate matter.
McBride is aggressively courting the African American vote.
It could get difficult if we were getting a public spat with an influential radio talk show host
Bishop Curry.
I wonder if he's kind of a kid Curry, you think?
I don't think so.
He might be because he also said Anna squeak had a hell of an ass.
Maybe it runs into family.
Maybe they like that big fat ass.
Don't forget.
Join the overnight guys, Joe and Mark, we are tonning the pressure now is just...
I'm getting indigestion just thinking about it.
I may have to do it like a big duty in about two or three minutes.
I'm writing my pants.
Because the numbers are going to be coming out and that door will be opening up and the girl will come in here.
And you're not going to really know what to make a look on his face.
Of course he can't read the numbers anyway.
They're in English.
Seriously, he thinks he can read the numbers?
Sure he can.
How do you know that?
He's a swift boy.
He's a student of the ratings.
He's a student.
He's a student of the ratings.
And that's probably because Read Null and Numbers is a good excuse to get the hell away from fat to reenback there.
Who's chasing him around all the time?
No chance, sweetheart.
You couldn't... for all of T and China.
He would hop on my bones before we get near a U-suite, aren't?
Well, he's Cuban.
Join the overnight guys.
Join Mark tonight for Monday Night Football from 9 to 11 of the Gatsby's and Vokas.
That fight of windows really embarrassing QAM prizes.
And enjoy specials on Crown Royal.
It's the Colton Steelers of Gatsby's and Vokas tonight.
Now it's 25 after 11.
The countdown is on.
Now see, right at 11.30 we're not going to have any numbers.
Because isn't that when he started downloading, you know?
And there's been a lot of downloading this building.
All morning the pressure was getting heavier and heavier and thicker.
Wow.
Man, it is getting like psychotic in this place now.
Jesus Christ.
Because we're waiting for the summer book.
And like I said ordinarily, who cares?
But in this particular case, there are a lot of asses on the line.
If you catch my drift, George.
A lot of asses on the line.
And especially after the other day when your good friend Suds called in here,
which you thought was just he was being friendly and was bemoaning the fact that he and Rick
are out of work and just getting really bored.
I want to suggest that there are people waiting in the wings who just love the opportunity
to fill that big vacuum in the summertime.
I just mentioned that.
But, hello, George.
26 after 11 at 5.60 WQM.
Let's face it, you've been hearing about Fast Train for a long time.
I wonder if it makes sense for you.
Well, the facts are simple.
If you have the dedication, Fast Train will provide you with the necessary training to become
a certified computer professional.
According to Time Magazine, the men for computer professionals will continue to explode.
Just like things are exploding around here now.
Our average student completes the training in just four short months,
attending school three nights a week.
What's it completed to your certification?
Fast Train will assist you in getting your new computer job.
Fast Train invites you to come in and visit our train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you.
Pompano Park or Gulfstream.
Call Fast Train tool for a 1-866-FAST Train to set up that appointment with four convenient locations.
They're in Kindle, Miami, Pembroke Pies, and Fort Lauderdale.
There's a Fast Train nearby you.
Don't forget to ask the career counselor for listed students like yourself who are currently in their dream job.
So don't just dream about it.
Do it.
Call Fast Train 1-866-FAST Train.
You can be working in that new job before spring.
That's 1-866-FAST Train or check them out on the web at fasttrain.com.
My mind and local career sports radio 560.
You and you, A.M.
Don't have a penis.
Baby, launch a couple missiles.
Oh!
Tour to place we know.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
A name I'm out of fella.
Whose first name begins with a wolf.
There's one thing we all understand.
How can it won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan?
Kill some people.
We could chase them round forever with our tanks and all our troops.
But special forces are some tired of jumping through them loose.
You know we need another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense.
And go blow up Pakistan.
You're going to be surprised.
How can a need to nuclear tank?
Why don't we stop pussy foot and blow up Pakistan?
Probably because they got to the bomb.
Yeah, exactly like I said.
Level 31 at 560 WDQM.
Here comes the big moment.
Here is the numbers folks.
You're not going to believe it.
Yeah, I just made it up.
Yeah, we don't have any numbers yet.
I could say we got a 42 share.
That's a good idea.
Let's just start making it up as we go along.
Be a lot more exciting.
Mornings had a point too.
It's just a joke.
No, we got a hope for it.
We got a pull for him to get a big number.
So we can get our full bonus.
No way.
And of course if Mo has a bad number,
we know who we're going to blame for because this producer who's been,
it was unprofessional, has been blown out of there.
The ball headed the beast who's sitting right in the other room right now,
eating his balance for life.
Now I think we'll blame Zach.
Oh, Miguel has just walked into room.
He's got a quizzical look on his face.
Did he got something in his hand?
What is that?
Are those not boy 1132?
We got numbers.
Now did you look at these?
Miguel, did you already did?
This is amazing because these are like pristine now.
Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of...
Here or north?
Uh oh.
Where are we?
Are we in here?
We're supposed to go.
Oh.
Oh.
I beg your pardon?
Are those the 12 plus?
12 plus the whole thing.
Monday through Sunday, 6 a.m.
to midnight.
We have got problems folks.
Oh.
Number one, W-E-D-R, your Schwoz station.
Seven points we share.
W-E-D-R.
Number two.
Power 96.
Six point.
Oh!
This is the 12 plus.
Oh, it's a heavy ethnic summer ball.
It's sounding like it's so far.
What's there?
Chwoz, baby.
Spose and Schwoz.
We're screwed.
Followed by a radio romania?
W-A-M-R radio all more.
Spose and Schwoz, who else stays here in the summer time?
Nobody else stays here?
Radio Mambee is...
The top five stations and number six is hot.
The top six stations are all ethnic.
Spose and Schwoz.
Gained you.
Oh my god.
Well wait a minute.
I've seen our number.
It's not on the second...
Oh, party radio. Guess what?
I don't want to say it, but I think the party's over.
Party.
Yeah.
I realize this is not their demographic, it's 12 plus, but they're down from a 3.0 to a 2.9,
and what did power have a 6.0?
There's second, and party's 14. It's all over, baby.
That's my opinion. I'm like Disney.
Yeah.
WQAM?
Oh!
Now keep in mind, this is 12 plus, maybe we just don't have a lot of old people.
Or young people are in between.
Oh, here's Miguel coming in again. I better give you our number.
IOD had a 3.1. We had a 2.5 down from a 2.8.
Of course, most of that I'm sure can be attributed to George.
I mean, what do you got there? Don't be walking off to the side.
You asshole.
Jesus, K. Christ, man.
That Miguel, what a puss.
That's my opinion. I'm like Disney.
6 to 10 a.m. and a more. Oh, here we go.
Now comes the pressure, because now we're starting to get actual day party.
6 to 10 a.m. and I also have midday 12 plus George in my hand.
I got him in my hand.
I got him in my hand.
That's my 12 plus.
Woo!
Now I'm the first page.
Now I'm the second page.
Uh, now I'm the third. Now that can't be right.
George didn't show up at all. He had a zero.
Oh, there he are.
Ah, anyway.
Okay, let's take a look at the morning zero.
Okay, shall we?
Persons 12 plus first page is more on a first page?
No.
No.
Let me get my handy little staple over here so I can do this all at the same time, because
Miguel's got these neatly, uh, man.
This is, this is known as your death knell book.
And the guy that wanted to know how we get these numbers, they pull them out of a hat.
They pull 50% out of their hat and 50% out of their s.
Let's see.
Mornings, uh, number one is EDR number two.
Radio, uh, Mambi.
Radio Amor.
Big.
Even big.
Oh, how it went down even.
Look at that.
5, 8 to a 5, 2 and a more.
Ethnic, heavy ethnic baby.
I mean how it's turned, but clarify.
W-Y-O-D-3.2 in the morning same as the previous book.
At least they're consistent.
I don't, I don't see a Mo on this second page either beast.
It's the beast that done it, baby.
Must be him.
Um, eh, not much change.
Two, four to two, three.
Flat.
Flat.
Of course, that includes the nine to 10 hour, which means mornings could be 12 plus,
like a one nine, you know, like into ones.
And out of your laugh, and I'm serious.
I'm just telling you right now, boy, once, oh my God, that would be like an embarrassment,
almost as embarrassing as these numbers that George got.
I don't think I built the out at all in, uh, in September, man.
10 to three EDRs number one with a five, six life, life sneaks in there and power.
Power with a five point is number three in person.
12 plus in mid day.
Oh, talk about.
See, there's that spoils.
Both thing again.
CMQ FM.
There was no nonethnic Scott Diaries in his book.
A, I would, he went down from a four four to a three nine.
And mid days, 12 plus we went from a four point five to a three point three.
From six to tied for 12, tour we tied with Y 100.
What?
That's right.
That person's 12 plus.
So the bird is still out.
You might pull out a number and man.
You might pull one out here and you think so?
No.
No.
What about the Humper?
At least he's on like in a time period where it's his number.
Okay.
Three to seven.
What you see is what you get.
Let's see how the hopper didn't hear, huh?
Because right now it's looking like mid days took a real precipitous crap, huh?
I heard bad.
Humper did bad.
That's what I heard.
I would say, let's see.
It's a time Schmidt.
Call up.
Call up.
Call up.
Simply on here.
So CNN.
See how he'll say it.
Start with Kirby Puckett, come on Leon and then Tom Schmidt.
He went up to a three three, Tom the Schmidt man.
So they don't know what like Lard as they like Lard as junior.
Q way M to 8 to a two five, not that bad, not the kind of drop like we had.
No.
You know, this George's voice cracking on that.
No.
Fitting away to nothing.
Oh my God.
Well, but this is 12 plus keep in mind.
The younger demos we might have kicked some serious ass.
What do you think?
No.
I think we just sucked.
I think we had like a death male and of course Tom jik is right.
Those all those stories.
I come back in September.
Couldn't bail you out.
That's because all those goddamn periodicals.
I think we have to go back to the stupid ass phone calls again.
Don't you?
No.
Now, what are we having the last trend in 12 plus do we know?
Do we have those trends around somewhere?
They're around somewhere in a pile.
Oh, Miguel's running here again.
You have better get my stapler out.
I can't keep up with them.
Now what do we got now?
Oh, 18 to 34.
We're going to have to get a magnifying glass off for 18 to 34 for this station.
We don't have anybody 18 to 34.
Do we?
No.
No way.
Let's see.
Overall, EDR number one, Schwarztown, maybe 11.8 year.
Although that's down a little bit for them.
Power from a 9.8 to 11.3 down the hall.
What's that crap they played on the hall?
Power with an 11.3 year party radio 6.2.
So even though they actually went up a little bit, they're a distance.
They're way behind power, man.
They're sucking wind.
The coast 5.2.
Why 100?
Zeta.
Now this is overall.
So you said, let's see.
Well, we're not going to show up on here.
QAM, are you people shmitten me from a 2.0 to a 1.2?
That's the overall.
18 to 34.
Man, oh man.
You talk about it invisible demographic.
We don't have anybody under the age of 100.
Wait till we get those 90 plus numbers.
We'll look pretty good.
You wait.
People too old and people to change the dial.
Like Tom Jikker, for example.
That's all we got left.
Man, I have a feeling when these other numbers start coming in.
You think you're sick now?
Just wait.
We're going to be gagging and puking it.
We're going to take the heat for it too.
Not mo, of course we know.
This is keep in mind.
Maybe Mad Dog had a bad number.
Well, let's hope.
Pretty sad.
Pretty bad summer here folks.
Thank God I wasn't here to see it.
That God I'm getting out of here again soon.
Man, I hate to see these grown people crying.
20 till noon at 5.60 WQM.
Here's something good for your health.
All of you med Mediterranean formulas.
There were fans combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with a lot of good
stuff in there.
Vitamins, minerals, herbals, other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural
nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
Look for olio meds, three new formulas they got one to help you sleep, one for weight
management and coq 10, all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil and olio meds
and outstanding product.
It's available at publics at Eckerds and Walgreens.
If you'd like to get more info call olio med tool 3 at 1-866 olio med.
That's 1-866-536633.
You can also, by the way, you still have the highest number on the station.
Oh, probably.
This is something.
You can also order olio med online at olio medmerkid.com and if you visit your nearest publics
and buy an olio med product and databroward you can get you a coupon for a free Larry
Coker Bobblehead doll.
Well supplies last.
Don't forget to, and by the way, what high school they play next week.
Don't forget to visit their sampling pavilion at sports town every Sunday with an office
they're playing home games, pick up free olio med samples and product information, start
feeling healthy again right now by popping some olio med in your old puss.
Here's number one.
Here's number one.
Here's number one.
Here's number one.
Here's number one.
Here's number one.
Here's number one.
Here's number one.
Here's number one.
Here's number one.
Here's number one.
Here's number one.
Here's number one.
Here's number one.
Here's number one.
Here's number one.
Here's number one.
Back again.
Back again.
I've got some survey on code.
Paulin, how is the message me grow?
A priceless, like, safe, hopeless book.
Paulin, how is the message me grow?
Yo, go limp, go limp, go limp, go limp, go limp,
be a slave, need me, he grow.
Go limp, bow, yo, that what do you mean do?
OK, now what do you try to say, George?
What do you say?
We're number one, David.
This could be one of the great, oh, not a good, oh, hell.
Man, talk about number one by default.
Now, what are we having the last trend?
We actually went down.
Six, one.
Yeah, well, we got a five nine.
But don't forget, we were locking off like July.
You know, do some huge month there that's been dropped losing.
Right.
So September couldn't have been all that bad.
Even we'd know these periodicals and bedtime stories.
It couldn't have been that bad, little Tommy,
because we're number one, David.
Hallelujah.
So let's see, men 25 to 54 overall, number four, four, five,
from a five, six to a four point five share.
You people out there don't know what these mean.
It means that George held on with a very crappy number.
But still say it's like winning a race by a nose instead
of by 10 lengths.
You know what I'm saying?
So July, let's not have been terrible.
August was awful.
August was an embarrassment.
If I was you and over yet, I was had that one extra week off
in August and was also sick most of the month.
You come to all George August.
Almost all George all August.
And August was like, and then September was now his
death for figuring out the monthly spurs.
Come on, get on that muff.
Don't just be wide when I hear so leisurely.
Get on, get your pen out.
He says that's clear.
It says job now.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
clear it's can't count that low.
I mean, let's see, what did the Humper do?
I'm sure the Hank is out there listening.
Not bad.
Actually, now this is interesting.
His share went down slightly, but his position went up.
Which I'm sure helps him out.
He went from a fourth with a 5.3 to second with a 5.5.
Oh, basically, there was nobody here this summer.
Party radio is number one in men 25, 50, 40 afternoon with a 5.4.
I totally kick an ass.
Men 25, 54.
Men 25, 54, 3 to 7 p.m.
Party radio.
Nice going, Disney.
Because when the Humper is on, believe you me, it's time to party.
Yeah.
Power went up in the share, but they have from a 3.7 to a 4.6.
This is the strangest book I ever done seeing.
You know what?
The Schmidt Schmidt guy, he went up.
I'm saying it right.
Don't I know what I'm saying?
I'm not Leon Harris, OK?
I don't know Kirby Puket.
Now let's see.
What have we got here?
A 3.5.9.
Now the average quarter hours went way down.
The Cuma way down.
And like the listening went way, way down there.
But that's 10 to 3.
That's right.
Now the mad dog we hope did really bad.
I mean, and I missed the morning number here somehow.
Oh, yeah.
How many were there?
Fifty four.
Right by that.
He's got these pages like all purposely.
I think Dick Durant.
I think somebody paid him off in a hall.
Who's that group all done a hall?
OK, here we go.
Six to 10 a.m. and 25 54.
This is what we live and die by boys and girls.
All your people out there trying to figure this out.
This is what we're talking about.
Sometimes you're going to write these down, maybe.
Big.
As as George goes, goes how it's turned.
Just like you, a big drop.
It's still number one, quite a higher number than you had from a 12.4.
And a spring to a 9.4 in the summer.
Still number one.
That's because of the ethnic balance in here and everything else.
I guess like Zeta.
They're still tied for a second, but they went from a 7.7 here to a 5.7.
Because they don't have enough schwarzschilds.
I guess or his fix.
Radio Ritmo went from 9 to 4.
See what I'm saying?
9 to 4.
Who the hell are these people?
Can WCMQFM went from 12 to 7?
Ha-ha-ho.
Sposed in Shrows, baby.
You white folks out there.
You don't have a chance.
Uh-oh.
Oh.
What happened?
Stitch?
Paper cut?
No, I just looked at the second page.
At least it's on top of the second page.
From 4th for a tie for 7th, the Molemeister.
From a 4.6 in the spring, book to a...
To a...
To a...
3.6.
Jesus Christ.
Man, from 4th to tied for 7th with WSUA and audio Swave.
I guess the Spigs aren't in the Molemeister much, I must be.
So that'll be a 2-something.
I beg your pardon?
One we...
Are you trying to knock him again just because he tried to get you as fired?
Yes you are.
Oh, that's right.
Let's separate the number from the person, okay?
Let's just pretend we're talking theoretics here.
Right.
No personalities involved.
Just the morning drive.
What do you mean to be a 2-something?
You had a 5.9 at something to write home about.
Of course, actually when you take out like 1 to 3,
you're right, it could write a 1 to 3.
Pretty, we...
That's in men.
That's in men.
That's not like in like some demo that's our target demographic.
Men 25 to 54, a 3.6.
That this guy was gonna come in here and reinvent talk radio, sports talk,
and show us all how it's done.
Now do we tell you what the hump we're at?
I just told you a 5.9 with a second in the market.
And guess who was first on the A station again?
Who was high to midday, even with Georgia, I'm like all that extra time?
So they can, you know, what's his name?
Your good coach, personal friend, PD Lenny can run all around the building,
stabbing you in the back.
Ah, yeah, I can't sell middays in the summer.
That guy named Little Spik is on it.
Still got the biggest number by far on his radio station in middays.
Good old...
Yeah, good.
And a mad dog and Jorge in midday.
Rhymes with gay.
So there you go right there.
Still number one, it's one of the great miracles of all time, folks.
But it's kind of like everything is squashed in there because of that heavy ethnic weighting.
Now hopefully by the time this fallbook is really going here strong,
a lot of those, uh, supposedly back on the banana boats going in the other direction
and the schwarz is a way of acting a picking cotton again at home set in a ranger.
Yeah, instead of getting them damn diaries, screwing up our ratings.
Here's a fact that says, hey, Neil, I think it's fascinating how the idiotic Tom Jekyll feels
that the debate on whether your radio show is better when you read news stories
is the most important thing going on.
With all this stripping trans-guarante electronic media,
he, how has he got time to write about the cooking shows is amazing.
I remember my college media ethics class, when it goes out about Marshall McClellan
to the global village.
Now, but this is why so many people are depressed and psychotic today.
The constant droning of the fear mongers in the media are destroying the minds of
millions of people and Tom Jekyll is worried about you reading news on the air.
The best thing to do is run a disclaimer on the 24 hour news shows
that watching this can be hazardous to your mental health.
Thanks for exposing the hypocrisy of our time and that goes for the very disgusting George too.
He said, thanks for whatever you're doing for being number one there with the very low number.
Now, what did you have last summer?
I don't know five I can love five six I think.
So, but let me let me let me say it again.
You can't be higher than number one.
I'll say it again.
I'm not trying to make excuses all the way in because it's a pretty damn lame ass number
for a show like this,
especially when you hear it like 10 and 11 shares and you'd scorch your doubt like five and six is pretty weak.
Pretty weak in there.
I want my number before I start getting flogged.
That's right.
Let's get the I'll buy more and the day parts of the nine to one and then we can even go into it and see like I'm two days and
Thursdays if I helped at all.
When I was doing those tours in Thursday from Toronto and like one or two half shows from Amsterdam in between being sick all the time.
What?
Let's see what that guest hour did that one time you came in because you couldn't contain yourself anymore.
That's right afternoon.
The I was spectacular.
It was spectacular.
And then that first call, gee, I don't want to like this whole thing, but is beer really bad for you?
Oh my God.
Yeah, Tom.
I'll tell you what time we'll give them your home number time, little time, jica and all these frustrated cars can call you at home.
So September couldn't have been all that bad if we had a 5.9.
Right.
I couldn't have been gigantic, but it couldn't have been all that bad because June as I recall was pretty good.
Not bad.
Not bad.
And of course we would have had those billboards that we're supposed to have to come back.
Because keep in mind September and this thing is like August 26 through whatever.
So there you go boys and girls, suppose and suppose.
Darkies and grease balls.
That's what it's all about.
That's the only guys that got the diaries and of course they get paid extra for getting them.
And all the rest of us white folks.
We were all busy, you know, out of town.
So somebody's got to get them.
They probably came along and stole them out of the mailboxes.
What they did.
Huh?
That must be it.
Either that arbitrage can't end in the morning there.
Jesus Christ.
Oh my, you know, seriously, Mo, how low can you go?
That's my question.
How low can you go, Mo?
Jesus Christ.
Because he just, I mean, unlike us, which, you know, hopefully we'll make a comeback and like Hank is, you know, doing his thing.
He's got a decent number of nearest number two in the market.
We're number one.
In fact, where is Mo again?
Numbers, we got, let's see number two in the afternoon.
Number one in midday and number seven in the morning.
That's not acceptable.
That's, that's just not acceptable if you asked me.
Do you think that's an acceptable number?
Makes me want to kill some people.
Yeah.
Christ.
God, it comes in here making all of that money with 15 different two pays and bossing everybody around and firing this one and firing that one and try to get George fired.
And that's the best part of the deal.
He tries to get you fired and you got a much, much bigger one.
He's got in a number two.
That's the amazing part, even with your marginal experience.
And it is a guy that's been in the business for 75 years.
Mo Howard, been in the business since Jesus was a baby.
And his numbers are so pathetic.
I be embarrassed to even associate with him.
So I guess tomorrow I won't talk to him.
Just like this morning every other day.
You know what I'm going to do tomorrow morning.
I'm going to stand in that window when he's on here.
I'm going to take a big big piece of cardboard.
You know how the gypsy's little kids do with the cardboard.
I'm going to take a big piece of cardboard.
I'm going to write three six on it.
And I'm going to stand there and wave it.
He'll have to look sooner or later.
What's that a Bible first?
Three six.
Yeah, and he's a problem.
Proverbs three six.
It says if you don't know Mo.
It says the Mo you know.
Be going slow.
And that's the way to QM train to slow down to all waltz to a slow kazansky.
There in a morning, baby, as the number keeps dropping and dropping.
Hey, Mo, how low can you go?
That's what the beast wants.
And of course, it's all his fault.
Anyway, for those crappy guests, you go on there.
Now that we got Zach for anybody.
It must be beginning of our show this morning where we couldn't get on for three minutes.
Because Zach is busy eating.
You think the beast was fat?
Man.
That's Zach.
Well, maybe if he gets somebody weighs less than 600 pounds, producer, to show me who that might help.
The beast could be a boy on Zach's side.
On his ass, you know what?
Speaking of boy on your ass, how about the Liza West bokeh?
That's where a lot of fat people out there.
That's correct.
You're a low carb sugar free at Kinsdine Superstore.
They got a terrific selection of low carb cookies.
Not just one flavor, but 14 different cookies from three different makers.
I have them all.
I do.
I don't have any of them.
They're delicious.
And if I had to pick a favorite, I could.
What kind of copy is this?
I don't have no goddamn cookies.
What are you talking about?
But it says here, they're all great.
Peanut butter, chocolate chip, lemon, coconut, or all sugar free or low carb.
You can stop by the lights and sample any of their products.
When you stop by the lights, say, you know, that PD Lenny's a moron.
Okay.
And they'll say, yeah, you're right about that.
And of course, if the lights you can try it before you buy it.
So don't go.
Oh, look at this.
Don't toss your cookies.
Oh, this is brutal.
This is brutal, PD Lenny.
You must have actually, he must have visited Steve M extra this weekend.
Do you lights gave me a loaf of their new low carb bread called simply low carb bread on?
That's right.
PD Lenny handed to me on Friday and put it off on the side.
You know something?
I don't know if we're going to have to scratch this spot away.
If you could read this piece of copy, you would go,
it's got like, mmm, mmm, new button, jam and mmm.
So go over to the lights where I spoke and go, mmm, like that.
And say, hey, you have the number of Steve M's house because PD Lenny's using up all his goods.
Anyway, they got all the atkins stuff.
He need this one great store.
And of course, they're open 10 to 10 every day on the corner.
Glades in 441 and Vokka, call him at 187, 7, 7, low carb and complain bitterly about this awful copy.
Or check him out on the web at lowcarb.com.
Do you like the West Bokka?
Well, apologize for PD Lenny being what he is.
My name is Low-Ball.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You ain't too way, yeah.
This Steve Goldstein, but you can call me Dowdy.
Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute.
I am in town.
It's the 12th of one hour.
Duh!
With some crack in her shoe, and some panicked in her purse,
She's the right skank governor's daughter, who resembles after birth.
She knows that dad is the girl.
So if she breaks the law, well, that's tough.
It ain't money or God in business.
So just keep your big mouth shut.
When it comes to family values, a prime example for all of you.
They rank nothing like the morals of the good bushman.
Please, oh, it's a crack in her shoe.
No other foot powder will do.
It makes your beat quite a tingle and dance all day.
Come on, you bitch!
Dance!
I guess I'll beat the press!
I'll beat the press!
Dance!
Dance!
Okay, 12.03 at 5.60 WQYM.
Press conference in Richmond, Virginia, 1 o'clock.
So if you're wondering, you know, and not that we're ignoring that,
But there's nothing going on.
I mean, I could put that on the ear.
There's that picture.
Two people in custody, and we saw the ass end of the Mustang.
Again, there's those photos again from the brownie camera by that brownie.
Yeah, wonderful.
And it says, in-boy, son of a window again, if you can read from right to left.
So here's last year's number, huh?
I'm looking at that morning number.
How do I do this?
First of all, the line that was 6 to 10.
Would you go over by over there, son?
Would you shut up and listen to me?
But 6 to 10, 1, 12, 9.
So 13 divided by 4 is what?
3 and change.
Yeah.
Pretty weak.
Pretty weak, so it looks to me like they did even worse than he's doing.
So let's take back what we said about Moa, huh?
No.
No, but of course he was going to come in here and revolutionize and restart and do this and do that.
Isn't that correct?
Correct.
Now what's this other one you got here?
The first time, the first summer.
Oh, and then look at their numbers in the morning in that book.
Woo!
They had a 5-1, and then we had a 3-3, and he's got a 1-3-6.
Oh, that's right, but history 6 is not-that's right.
2-9.
Sorry, guys.
Sorry, Joe Rose.
Sorry, Gildi.
Sorry, D-fo.
I'm not Gildi.
What?
2-9.
That's my prediction.
Because we're-you're grossing them up there with that 9-10 hour.
So he's either in the-like, you got just barely a 3 or like under a 3.
Not too impressive for all that kind of money, for all that big highfalutin talk, you know?
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh
Let's just read all now. What stage do they usually call about? Magic? We've got some
assholes that were, I mean, guys that work over magic. They don't magic. They want Zeta, of course.
Well, let's see how men 2554. Let's take a look. Show me. Huh? I mean, a lot of the audience out there
doesn't care about this, and you know what? Too bad. Turn out rushed. Turn on Bill O'Reilly. Listen to
some of that good old right-wing propaganda. Listen to some of those NRA people. Tell you about
our guns are great. Listen to Wayne Loppier. Squeezing it. Let's see. Zeta, morning, like I said,
very bizarre, because it's like everything was compressed because of this heavy ethnic waiting. So
numbers that went down, shares of the audience went down. In other words, you didn't have to have
a big number to be way up there. Like Zeta dropped from a 7.7 share to a 5.7, but they're still second.
Right. In the morning and men. Second to Howard Spurm, who well, again, went from a 12.4 to a 9.
length list of ship point way down. So basically, this is not not only did we do okay, held our own,
but this was not a strong talk. And that kind of, you see what I'm saying? Yes. Do you? I do.
Other than this, this shmit shmit guy. No, I'm not going to say I'm not Leon Harris. So my,
I know my shmit, Mr. I just like fooling with it. I like dealing with it. Like let's see what he
did. Look at that. Three six to a four three. And he had to maybe they figure because he's like a
minor league, Lord asked now what did Lord asked to him in the day? Huh? Flat. Five three to a five three.
You like talking about what? Five three. He was third with a five three in the spring book, but now
tied for a second with a five three. And I see. So another small number moved up on a ladder.
If I like to talk what? If you like talk radio, but you don't like sports. Who says I like to talk
radio? If one, if an audience person likes to talk radio, but they don't like sports talk,
what do they listen to in the afternoon? What what's there for them? Shnit head.
What time is Norm on? Oh, in the morning. I'm sorry. Now let's see. Three six to four. So in other
words, even though they're right now, what about Phil? Men 25 54 seven. Because he threw in a big trend
in there. I don't see him on the first page though. You know? Phil, I can't. Are you sure? Don't
see on air seven of them. I meant 25 54 Q a m three five to a three six went up at night. That's
the Marlins. We love the Marlins. They are the best three six. That sounds like a familiar number.
So even the Marlins tied. Well, I don't want to see his name. What am I looking for on here?
I'm looking for I and Z. I know he's on a that's right. I'm looking for the wrong callers. Look at
that. Like I said, six, oh, it was six one. Second. Second and I seven of midnight. Phil Henry.
Are you positive? Love 94 six five at night. So he's like number two at night on IOD. But I
but I would he's got a big gun over here all the way around. So they had a good book Q a m suck wind.
Of course, you got to have a lead in now. What did I do in the morning, George? I don't know. Good
question. I'll tell you three one up to a three three. So they went up a couple of tents while we
were dropping a full point in the morning. Woo. Of course, we dropped like three and a half points
in midday, but that's it's George. That's one of those things. Well, look, we're still number one
on the station. So all these people wanted to detract like that backstabbing lunatic PD Lenny. And I'm
going to seriously that piece of coffee that I attempted to read before. That should be safe for
the lunatic Hall of Fame. The one when I showed you that goes, mm, like that. Yeah.
What is this man on? What is this man on? Will they let him bring it to Vegas when they go
away on their thank God, they're all going to be leaving in a couple of days for a week. Oh,
won't that be a blessed relief? The whole sales department is going to Vegas for a week.
Won't that be great, Pally? Yeah, I'm bringing my rollerskates. Don't forget you on the overnight
guys. Joe and Mark tonight for Monday night football night. We're loving to Gatsby's and Bokers stop
by to win prizes and enjoy specials on crown royals. That's tonight. Colts and the Steelers at Gatsby's
and Bokers say hi to Joe and Mark and tell him how much you enjoy here in the material. The second
time between six and six thirty every morning. How they did? We know how do I know? We have like a
major just one big sweeping over a night. Twelve to six number.
It's a separate thing. You got to go into the hour by hour. You have to pull that out there once
we get to this and how come muffnaver came back in here with that monthly breakdown? He says
it's Clarence's job and Clarence says, oh no, muffs taking care of that. See now we got now we
got two hot shots in here. So now they're passing the buck is what it's all about. Oh no, that's not
my department. Get off your dump. Yeah, get us somebody do something. Let's see how we didn't
September. See if we're on the road to recovery or not because that's going to have a lot to do
with my decision about whether to continue with the with the bedtime stories and the periodical stuff
or whether we should go back to those great phone calls and do the show the way a little time jicke
would like. And maybe we can bring him back on here to burp on air and between telling us about
all these great shows that we don't watch. All these great sitcoms that nobody who listens to this show
watches nine minutes past noon at five sixty W.D. C.M. where we're number one and midday baby
in men number one. It's a miracle but we're number one. We're hanging out by our thumbnail.
You know castaway seafood company no seafood they pride themselves on serving you the fresh
of seafood in the universe fresh fresh that is never frozen prepared just the way you love it
grilled blackened or broiled signature castaway dishes include sesame seed tuna crack concan
unbelievable homemade chowder's which I'm still waiting for some of those homemade chowder's
what do you want them I don't mean them because I don't want the fishy one I'm going to look for
clam chowder yeah mmm anytime like tomorrow be good castaways also features grilled certified
angus beef burger is filet manion or how about a huge succulent mouth of watering New York strip
steak castaways offers great daily lunch reliever specials in every Wednesday night is karaoke and
ladies night with free drink for the ladies join the castaways tailgate party at the hog fish bar
for weekend and Monday at football specials while you watch your favorite games like tonight these
dealers and the coals castaway seafood company with full oh that's right and that press conference
should have been taking place any minute now but Chris Carter the castaway seafood company has got a
full bar the open seven days week they're located on the southwest corner university and Griffin
wrote in Davie if you're looking to cater your next home or office party castaways will do a
super job with that for you to castaway seafood company featuring seafood so fresh it'll slap you
right on your post
you thought that I was stupid
hello hello Tony this is my Frobeer oh yes how are you Bill I'm fine splendid I look more like a
woman now what can I do for your bill and I want to know why I'm not in a red dragon film
mommy I saw a new film there's no end to put the notion in the basket
so I play much better psycho killers than our carne
like I said mommy looks good for his age
no not carne now I have to work with Tony show
and that's why I'm quiet today I'm afraid it's much too late now now that's
grew up on my plans just wouldn't work Bill how about iconic how about me out for old time's
sake can't do it Bill tell mommy I always like you it was only the lotion in the basket
well it was good hearing from you all the lotion basket I have to go now that my baby
take short time between my leg um that few sure never like a little
see you around me mommy
go 15 at 560 wdc you have so many 18 plus 6 1 to a 6 point oh from the June book to this
from the spring book to the summer book so that's not bad still I'm going by almost a full point
what's wrong with that I'll take it yeah you'll take it because I build your ass out again in
September there I have and I have and the clearance right now as a matter of fact is doing
these extrapolations we'll take a look and see like July August and September we'll see what
happened there we'll see how it lays out because August the course was a little on the rough side
and quite frankly enough that I'm rationalizing but if you take away the ethnic factor from this
book we wouldn't have done all that bad even your buddy mohone he wouldn't have done all that bad
huh he had a 4.0 and man I thought he was big among the extra but of course that includes 9 to 10
in men see right like I said he didn't do too good now Larry and Jensen Beachfaxes me this that
the bush people the jet bush people are circulating around because they're desperate
when you help us stop Bill McBride no the latest public opinion poll has bush 49%
McBride 48% it says here mr McBride is the candidate the Florida Democrat machine politicians
of tap as the one they want to be our next governor I thought he won the primary against Janorino
haha yeah no but the machine politicians have tapped him if the democratic machine succeeds this
election will not only change the direction of our state thank god it will have major political
implications nationwide thank god again if liberal democrat bill McBride wins in November according
to an ap article written by David Royce this week it'll be much easier for democratic candidate
to defeat president bush in 2004 with the help of a democratic governor stumping for Florida's 25
electoral votes president bush won the state alleged by 537 votes over gore in 2000 this is one
big reason why we must stop Bill McBride this is from the bush people and then they asked for
money of course just a few months ago the conventional wisdom was the janorino was going to win the
primary election and then we would defeat her in the general election but a lot has changed over
the summer our stock Reno reelect Jeb campaign was so successful we were able to help knock off
janorino the prime right right and save Florida from definite tax increases right now with the help
of the state's biggest union bosses Bill McBride is only one point behind the race for governor
big name democrats and Florida nationwide are pouring in money and resources to influence our
local governors race my name is Michael Mita I was chairman of americans for Jeb bush we
succeeded in our mission to defeat janorino with our stock being with the support from thousands
of liberty and statewide we were able to put on radio and they need more money do they need more
money sure self don't think i'm more money than god but they're begging and pleading and you know
what they are you know what the word is desperate that's very good that's the word see that's why
George held his own there in the summer book in spite of all your negativity out there people
like pd Lenny and certain others in his building they want to give Georgia pilot crap
bob herbert writes in today's new york times dancing in the dark he says there may yet be a way to
avoid the war with the rick that president bush appears to be so desperately wanting but if the
u.s. does go burling in the bag that with or without the sanction of the you win the american people
should at least have some clear sensitive potentially very heavy consequences that may ensue
the bush administration with its muscular rhetoric and it's trumpeting of a new generation of
weapons even smarter than those used in the gulf war would be happy to have the public think of the
wars a little more than a walk into park i recently asked a storekeeper in krill geevils florida
about how he felt about the possibility of a war with the rick he was reluctant to answer it
first but eventually said i support the president on this he said that son of who sent was a bad
fellow and we'd have to go after him sooner or later so we might as well go in and get the job
over with ray bradley a retired electrician in jaxon this is if he was even more gong ho let's
have added he said in an interview we worry about them throwing chemicals and biologicals and
nuclear bombs let's wipe it out before it starts it can sound so easy but the truth is that
the people of the u.s. from the most ardent doves at berthley and the fiercest talks in the bush
administration are dancing in the dark on this issue no one really knows where a u.s.
legendary invasion of a rack will lead sadams regime can be destroyed no doubt but what then
do we really want to occupy a rack for how long and at what cost into what end will simply be
eradicating a murderous threat or also establishing a beach in in an oil rich frontier and what about
the humanitarian crisis that's almost sure to develop once the smarter bombs and other forms
of firepower have done the job they were created for are we ready and willing to deal with the
life threatening food and water shortages the wounded and frightened civilians including children
the shattered infrastructure and the desperate refugees are we ready and what's the plan for
locating and securing sadams weapons of mass destruction one can easily imagine in the chaos
of war the dispersal of such weapons in a tyrannet were supposed inside an outside a rack for that
matter what's the plan for locating and securing sadam general norm and shorts cough who commanded
the troops in operation desert storm told NBC news i think target number one if we have to go to
war will be sadam who's saying now that's an easy say hard do thing because we could never find
him in the Gulf war the violence of that war seemed remote to most americans had the qualities
of a television special or a video game but the attacks of nine eleven brought the cruel violence
of terrorism right in the Gulf of a gut of ordinary americans and terrorism not a rack remains
the great fear of the moment that fear was in no way to minis last week when the director of the
CIA George tenet for looking rational panel that the risk of a terror attack in the west was as
grave now as it was in the summer before nine eleven how is it possible that a war in iraq and its
aftermath will not divert attention and precious resources from the crucial fight against more immediate
terrorist threats a series of kind of linked attacks including the bombing in indonesia that killed
nearly 200 people were carried out the very week the congress was giving the president the authorization
he sought to attack you iraq unilaterally in a world as dangerous as ours has become questions
about the profound implications of ewestland invasion of erectus air much more the way of answers
than we have now seldom as the west had a greater need for wise and candid and prudent leadership
this is not a good time to be dancing in the dark where it's bob herburet in today's
new york time sorry for reading the one here because it's another one of bedtime stories periodical
radio what does he call it periodicals on audio sorry about that time
even though we're still doing it pretty good now what's that bring them in here don't don't ask
don't ask him asking him felt as he know thank you clearance let's see what we got not too good
not too good oh that's overall I see oh like I said not too good
and what worries that number where the hell is the number oh like I said I bailed your ass out
although look at that men 18 plus courses 10 to 3 July 6.6 August 4.9 September 6.5
so rationalize that that I was bringing them back you see what I'm saying right back after you
see that after you're dismal August after you chased away most of the audience out there with
your disgusting tongue and ass comments cheek I mean let's see mornings he's what's he doing oh that's
not so bad see August the whole station was bad in August okay we just a bad fall out of diaries
okay it was all ethnic supposed and chose in August we got killed we got butchered by those illegal
aliens your people my people aren't illegal yeah hell no worries you're got to info to registration
card by the way George said he's voting at Treasure Island men 18 plus July more in the morning
is this mo 4.6 3.3 and 4.1 you know a six to 10 isn't it oh that's right six yeah I forget
into any of these numbers that's six to 10 that's right at six to 10 and considering that we had a
six five in September 10 to three which means we probably had like sevens and eights of whatever in
eight right yeah in September so that 4.1 quickly immediately drops into the threes and how far
we don't know we don't want to know and the hump or any afternoon men 18 plus 3.8 in July now what
is that all about see that's actually his number now so we can then I listen to me I'm sorry
very strange because like I just said the rest of the station in August we took it up the
yeah yes we did July for Hank 3.8 men August 7.1 remember we were 7.5 he got a kiss in August he
got a kiss evidently all of his relatives must have got an animal take nothing away from my friend
a humber but and as far as night time goes seven of them in night 4.2 in July is the interest in
the marlins kind of tailed off a little bit as the season wound out a bit of rain now how come we
didn't get any word about the Chris Carter uh uh uh uh uh uh uh hey clearance thanks for
these numbers baby but where's the word about Chris Carter they had that press conference in noon
and I guarantee you that on your dolphin station inquiring minds out they want to know did it
often sign Chris Carter is he going to be wearing whatever number he's going to be wearing is he
going to line up there and do his Viking things is he going to like kick some ass catch a few passes
what's the story there baby we inquiring minds want to know we got the info no no so those are the
numbers which I would say I don't I don't know until we get the hour by hour it doesn't
mean too much Wednesday you figure I think tomorrow really can't wait I think tomorrow
because last time everybody said nah like two days later we better get them tomorrow I don't
want to like start getting pushy but I think we better get them tomorrow may have clearance
in the and muff they get on the phone with Tanner she can work it out young voters disengagement
skews politics I don't want to do that it's too depressing about how the young people are on the
above how do you expect young people to be involved in his crap fixed elections but your
phony baloney hypocrites who now are these people okay multi-millionaires and billionaires
your spec young people to be involved in this crap I sure is held on and the only reason
I'm going to vote there on November 5 is because I want to vote against jambush I'm
not voting so much for Bill McBride because I don't know Bill McBride from the father
of the bride okay do you know he's a good old boy from mowl from the west coast never
stole a freight train I don't know squat on the veteran and you know what I don't care I don't
care if he just robbed six banks in the last hour I don't care I'm voting against jambush
and this merry band of fascists he's good good holier than now goody two shoes born again
Christians pointing to finger not only that he's got it all covered he's born again Christian
and he's Catholic and he's got the most dysfunctional family since the bunkers it's incredible
how much of that press conference which press conference
12 wants that that's when the final decision was made so I can't control what what was out there
and media and talking all that stuff and none of our players should be and then I promise you
didn't have any effect on the football game of course I didn't hear anything of
the court yet help you can be 30 seconds I can't help you can't get your training camp
and things like that could just be a pressure oh I definitely think it's it probably helps
that he didn't have to go through training camp you know in the heat and everything that's
involved with that we think they got I'm just by based I'm like that's too bad that we have to
open that up and put it on here as opposed to like somebody over there in our sports department
bringing in the information for us on your dolphin station we're always getting bitched at you
didn't care any Jimmy Johnson press conference you didn't care any remember that I always
so we're saying okay well bring us the information we'll put it on immediately if not soon or
as soon as it's available and then what do we get we get these crappy numbers
that was sensational the door opens clearance opens the door looks at me it says they sign them
that was fucking great thanks cards
christ harder
but can you play quarterback with your fucking yellow teeth so far apart
ge
ica
triple
hello George
YouTube
Who blip leaf goes?
Oh, you you deflected and you're mammary
Who be smart?
Does they like how you shine their shoes?
Gonna leave the all the way you watch
And talk the white is cause
George it junior say he trust you
Can't believe you
Who's the la la la is on the greedy oil roll
But then he make you clean all the white house bathrooms
The cup of seats, the toilet, and then scrub the floor
They tell you don't wear sandals, cause don't leave no
Your cold chip told him makes them wanna wretch at you
You're napping a gun, look you slide, it's evil throw
But you'll be what you'll be that don't get through
Another train monkey
One day while you be flipping back a human rely
That's a train and you just like your esterone
That's when your head will move from side to side from the lever
It's your push and rummage, they be cracked or as old
No 33 at 560, that would a QA, we have 262 votes on a poll pretty weak
The media coverage, well of course it's pretty weak
cause the whole thing's anticlimactic now
Cause it looks like it could be over, it might be
And it might be, it might not be as Harry Carrier would say in an 8
But still it goes on
Two people in custody in Richmond, Virginia, and the story goes on
Press conference won a clock in Richmond, Virginia
Which certainly won't be nearly as important as the press conference
That we just concluded there where Dave wants it
Said oh yeah, we signed Chris Carter
Don't you think that was a lot more important than catching the sniper that's shooting this in people?
Well here locally sure
And got everybody in Terra
362 votes, media coverage has been just another feeding frenzy like OJ, Shadra, Jambore
247, 68.2%
Shame on you, you talking head channels?
Maniacs
It's been okay 50 people, so that outstanding 37 and too much 28
So when you add the too much and a feeding frenzy, you've got almost 76% pretty patriotic
So I looked to me like we did pretty good in September
Like I really bailed your old spic ass out
Thank you
And see I don't want to start talking too loud because who knows
Maybe the mad dog had a huge September, you think?
No, okay
But he could be
It could be
But my point being this, okay since I'm sure a little of Paul Tommy is still listening right now
He's got a cranked up real out, he borrowed somebody's radio in the office
He's got a cranked up so loud it's vibrating
But at any rate, if we actually did make that big comeback in September
And got a real good number in here which helped salvage our number one position you know I'm talking about
How could that be possible when I'm reading all these periodicals on the air?
How's that possible?
Just you know they love you no matter what you do
Yeah right, right except if I put Tom Jic on here to belt
They're not too happy about it, okay?
If we put a little Tommy on there to share his gastric distress with the entire audience
Seriously, you've heard me say that before I'm not making enough because he wrote this crap and yesterday's a book?
Yes, often
He always used to like belching and puking like he just eaten 45 tamales or something
Thank God though he restricted it to that orifice, he kept it in that orifice
So let's see, someone who didn't do all that bad from 6 to 10
Now 6 to 9, that could be another story
Mo, see that's another thing that makes it so ludicrous that he's adopted this hard ass obnoxious disgusting militant
You know me against the world kind of attitude here you follow what I'm saying?
Yeah, we're supposed to be a team mo we'd like to embrace you not physically obviously because you're a disgusting old man with a bad wig
But we'd like to embrace you be a part of the radio station not a freaking island, okay?
Not like we out there on a goddamn limo by yourself because it's very obvious that you by yourself can't carry this radio station
All right, you may have a nice back but it's not that strong of a back
To like try to carry everybody else so maybe lighten up a little what do you say?
No, no, it couldn't happen is it?
No, we'd love to embrace this man into a but there's still a chance to like at least communicate with us
Hello George, see he won't speak to me he speaks to you. Hello George.
And just out of spite, just out of spite he does that
So anyway, he had doing much he's kind of like he's found his he's found his level I guess you might say
So the Humper had that real suspect month there in Oregon that's all right he'll take it you'll take it right Hank?
Take whatever we get just like it serves it and he does deserve it. I don't begrudge him anything he deserves all the good stuff he gets
Guys shows up every day. That's a tough two three hours on the air well not every day puts those ex-jogs on him once in a while
Hey more power to him, you know more pay less work. That's our motto between 9 a.m. and 7 p.m. on a station lots more pay much less work
That's why Joe Rose shows up every now and then always the mad dog today screwing off
See I let one thing I like about him too is I respect the honesty of his answers not oh well
He's you know got some emergency he's screwing off he's sitting home with a wife watching the old soap opera something like that
Watch in porn movies whatever hell he's doing
This story from the news telegraph in the UK is very disturbing to me
The explosive used in the bali bomb attack could have come from supplies handed over to the muja Hadin by the CIA during the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan
The same plastic explosive known as C4 was used in the attack on the US as Kuloff Yemen in October 2000 in which 17 people died suggesting the link to Al Qaeda
A senior member of Al Qaeda is told US investigators in Afghanistan that it sent Abu Bakr by a seer spiritual leader of Jamah Islamia
A large sum of money were to allow him to buy explosives a US report on the interrogation of Kuwaiti born Omar al-Farouk who's being held in Afghanistan
We first of the transmission of 73 grand from Saudi Arabia to buy a seer which used to procure explosives
But security sources caution that the explosive is much easier to get hold of than some reports have suggested
Well, there you go. Maybe you did maybe we didn't
Just like that poison gas that we have provided for Sodom
And when he used it against his own people in the courage we said
Ah! Police find meth lab on SMU campus speaking by the way of inflammatory substances
Police at Southern Methodist University say they found a methamphetamine laboratory in a campus music practice room
A Methodist lab practice makes perfect and I met this methamphetamine lab
No more right to have been made some campus police captain Tommy Jones
There are drug production lab was found at the Owens Fine Arts Center on Thursday few days after students returned from fall break
These center houses the Meadows School of Fine Arts including offices, classrooms and practice rooms
All are open to the public until the centers locked up at night
Investigators collected several items used in the making of the drug as well as papers bearing fingerprints and other clues
Investigators hope we'll need to the people who used the lab certainly wasn't our find-up standing musicians was it?
Just like that business about the about KAT and that classical music
And let me say it again how come the guy that's supposed to be writing about radio and TV isn't writing about radio and TV
I am all this is between you and you
Lonely pop little boy
Life would be so very hot if I were a pumpkin
This what women use a lot will prevent the panty spot
They can fast the handy bitch
When they have the period
Yamal
Yeah
17 to one at five sixty w here we got mad dog coming up one to three
Be crying in his beer I'm sure after that the block I yesterday like I said can Chris Carter play quarterback?
No can anybody play quarterback while Jay is on the mend
Jay Fieler, Jay Fieler all you phonies out there man they were ripping him and asked oh we want Ray Lucas he's the best yeah
That performance yesterday I can't find words to describe it I mean I was just and for anybody to trust it wow it was just you know one time thing
I was pathetic Ray
Just because he's got that Jason Taylor and Troy Stratford haircut that ain't gonna get the job done
This guy okay you're becoming chronic the guy that I read his facts before your chronic just calm down good intentions, but just relax put it away
No bail and cross dressing murder have you heard this story yes three young men are being held without bail in northern California in the murder of a cross dressing 17 year old boy
The body of Eddie Arrujo of Newark was found in the shallow grave in El Dorado County police say that's newer California
Police say one of the suspects that officers to the body a fourth man was arrested but not charged police at a raw house showed up at the October 3rd house party as a girl named Lita
And was assaulted and killed after what what a coincidence
Someone would appear on a radio show and that was her name also Lita our receptionist
Did he say take me to your Lita and was assaulted and killed after the suspect or he was a boy this is not a funny story okay
This is a horrendous grotesque leave it to George to be bringing freaky Carlos in this story
The defendants allegedly beat him nearly unconscious and tight to rope around his neck really appeared to be dead
Then they drove his body to a remote spot in the Sierra Foothills and buried him a police have a David said they're gonna pay for what they did said Arrujo's in how do you pronounce it I don't know I wrote well
Emelda Guerrero I hope every thank God she's got a different name I hope everybody out there who sees this learns something from this because he was a beautiful person inside and out
Michael Magdison 27 Jason Jiren neighbors 19 and Jose Morales 24-period in court Friday on charges of murder with a hate crime enhancement
They entered no pleas and were held without bail neighbors lawyer Robert J. B. Bela said his fight at no violence in his background
There was no bias in him Bela said nothing to indicate neighbors would actively participate in any type of homophobic activity
According to the affidavit Paul Morales girlfriend took a Raho into the bathroom at the Morales house to settle the question of his gender then announced he was a boy
Jose Morales punched a Raho to the floor neighbors and Magdison joined in police said Paul Morales said he was sleeping at the time but his girlfriend woke him and insisted they flee
He told police he saw Raho on the floor with a skirt pulled up as they left but knew nothing more police said the other three drove the body to the mountains
He was reported missing by his mother when they didn't come home
Thomas Friedman writes I don't want to be reading no periodicals though you know this is in the yesterday's New York Times
I mean it wasn't in the Sun Central or the Harold is in my permitted to do that because it's not a local paper now like all those
Cookings shows the time reviews are those local cooking shows that Tom jikker reviews in the Sun Central no they're not
I don't think we have any local cooking shows now it's time I checked oh
Thomas Friedman writes drilling for freedom in the yesterday's New York Times he says a funny thing happened in Iran the other day
The official Iranian news agency IRNA Urna published a poll on Iranian attitude toward America conducted by Iran's national institute for research studies and opinion polls
The poll asked 1500 Iranians whether they favored opening talks with America and 75% said yes
More interesting 46% said US policies on Iran which include an economic boycott and leaving Iran as part of an excess of evil were to some extent correct
Oops you can imagine what happened next it ran's hardliner shut down the polling institute and threatened the IRNA official will publish the results
Nevermind the fact that the hardliners had to do such a thing shows how out of touch they are with Iran's courageous mainstream
I relate to sensitive because it's very useful in thinking about the task of democratic transition in the Middle East the Arab and Muslim world's there largely dominated by autocratic regimes
If you want to know what it would look like for them to move from autocracy to democracy check out Iran in many countries it'll involve an
Iran-like mixture of theocracy and democracy in which the Islamist initially win power by the ballot box but then can't deliver the jobs and rising living standards
That the young people desire so they come under popular pressure and can only hold on to power by force
But eventually they will lose because the young generation in Iran today knows two things one they've had enough democracy to know they want more of it and two they've had enough theocracy
Cramed on their throats to know they want less of it eventually they'll force a new balance in Iran involving real democracy and an honored place for Islam but not an imposed one
But why is this taking so long why isn't Iran like Poland or Hungary after the fall of the Berlin Wall and why might not Iraq be like them after the fall of Sodom
The answer is spelled OIL the transition from our autocracy to real democracy in Iran is dragged out much longer than in Europe for many reasons but the most important is because the hardline mule is control Iran's oil wealth
What that means is that they have a pool of money they can use to monopolize all the instruments of coercion the army police and intelligence services and their pool of money is not dependent on their opening Iran's economy or political system
Or being truly responsive to their people's aspirations think of it like this there are two ways for government to get rich in the Middle East
One is by drilling a sand dunes by drilling the talent talents intelligence creativity energy of its men and women as long as the autocratic leaders of Iran and Rackers Saudi Arabia can get rich by drilling their natural resources they can stay in power long long time all they have to do is capture control of their oil tab
Only when a government has to drill its human resources will it organize itself in a way that enables it to extract those talents with modern education open trade and freedom of thought of scientific inquiry in the press
For all these reasons if we really want to hasten the transition from autocracy to something more democratic in places like Iraq or Iran the most important thing we can do is gradually but steadily bring down the price of oil through conservation and alternative energies
I know that Dick Cheney thinks conservationist versusses real men send V-52s but he's dead wrong in the Middle East conservation and alternative energies are strategic tools
Ronald Reagan helped bring down the Soviet Union by using two tactics he delegitimized the Soviets and he defueled them
He delegitimized them by branding the Soviet Union in the evil empire and by exposing its youth to what was going on elsewhere in the world and he defueled them by so outspending them on Star Wars that the Soviet Union went bankrupt
In the Middle East today the Bush team is delegitimizing the worst regimes as an axis of evil but is doing nothing to defual them just the opposite we refual them with our big cars
which was the first and only real Arab democracy Lebanon which Arab country had no oil Lebanon which is the first Arab oil state to turn self into a constitutional monarchy
Bahrain which is the first Arab oil state to run out of oil Bahrain
I always think Saddam is necessary for promoting the spread of democracy in the Middle East but it won't be sufficient it won't stick without the Middle East states kicking their oil dependency without us kicking ours
Right time is freedom in the uh, free man yesterday's New York time sorry to be reading these periodical things from out of town on a year okay because I know they're not local and it doesn't help me keep my finger on the pulse of all the good stuff that's going on here can you feel it the pulse
uh
uh
right in local
we're sports video 560
she went to the UAM
What he has a pair
Kids Bob Records where kids sing along with popular songs now introduces kids Bob Classic
20 original modern day classic songs the whole family can enjoy
maybe make it hurt so good
the only family that she ever had is her seven-hornied brother and her drunk gas and that
your kids can dance to these songs all day their songs the kids love
get a job you can't keep long though we reply which I was special
you're so f**king special I can't hide in the heat with the name of pot the blue
the kids are back
I'm a bitch I'm a bitch and some bitches back I can spill your heart
I can't play the guitar like a mother f**king ride
Get Bob Classic not available at any store per order today
256 at 560 W. Kim they got two people in custody in Richmond Virginia press conference come up in a couple of minutes
and one of the suspects is a Mexican you ought to be pleased about that no well why not
you you don't like Mexicans oh that's right you were hoping it was a Puerto Rican
weren't you well no seriously isn't it look I don't dislike Mexicans I don't want to get into an epic thing but isn't and I and see the one guy that said they were like olive skin
Mexican go like olive skin so maybe maybe that's the shoe fly pie I have to hand out a guy maybe with an awful craft
huh maybe he knew something I doubt it though he didn't like he was a scumbag career criminal but at any rate so
and when I was starting to say before I got interrupted by a time jikook and all those periodicals the fact that this guy at least one of them was Mexican
it's better than if it turned out to be like somebody of middle eastern descent you follow what I'm saying
oh yeah no much better than that because if they both turn out to be like a
side any right heads anything if they both turn out to be rag heads moving on oh oh yeah like that
but Mexicans and of course not only that but we don't even know if these are the snipers right no we know they're not a lot of this they have no way of knowing
you have no way of knowing if there's any kind of terrorist and see no way of knowing that's it no way of knowing no way of knowing how it
hurts this man seriously he when you see him on the screen you know your life has reached the bottom the pits this man is so full of crap and what they didn't
yesterday I loved it he had his own little pal he's walking look at that pal he's got a walker now and I just go in there pali
the other day only and of course you know he's pretty good with these numbers maybe he can get that stuff for us tomorrow what as
as he can he said I'll look he didn't say as soon as I can I can hear through the glass he said I'll look but then they don't what is that what is that that he's
standing fat like a lot of them with it and he's waddling here with his walker look out oh oh Jesus Christ 600 pounds waddling through that door the whole building is shaking
clear channel an issue in floater election bastards Democrats and Florida trying to make a campaign contribution from former clear channel executive an issue in the
states campaign for governor Carl Ler the read not the football player the returns
