Now the Neil Roger show on 560 WQAM.
I have my nose up Neil's ass.
You've seen the trial on CNN.
Now the TV movie America's been waiting for.
Ralph and Ellis Cramden star has John and Lorina Buffett in Lovehurts.
I'm warning you John, don't push me too far.
That's a laugh Lorina.
I'm the king in this castle, the K-I-N-G King.
I'm the one with the penis in this house.
Look, I'm tired of talking.
I had a hard day driving a bus.
Now I'm going to take a nap and I don't want to be disturbed.
What was that?
Oh, she cut my penis off!
Hey Johnny Boy, what's all the screaming in here?
Oh, help me Norton, she cut it off!
Cut you off from sex again huh?
I don't have anything to have sex with!
You gotta get me to a hospital.
Any hospital, hurry!
Hey Johnny Boy, looking for you that animal clinic was right down the street.
See, you think I'm lucky huh?
You think I'm lucky, do you?
I take a look at this Norton.
Who's wrong with that?
I think that elephant's trunk looks kinda cute down there.
Oh you do huh?
Hand me that playboy.
Hey Johnny Boy, what a penis!
John Wayne Pobbet, who's 1993 maming at the hands of his then wife,
made him famous, was arrested last night on a battery domestic violence charge.
Bobcat gave notoriety as a victim of a domestic attack in which his penis was cut off.
All right!
It was transported to the Las Vegas City jail after police responded to a 9-11 call from woman staying at his home.
The reporting party was a woman who called us and was then disconnected,
Sergeant Christopher Darcy of the Vegas Metropolitan Police Department told CNN.
We called back and determined a domestic disturbance was underway.
The woman indicated she'd been thrown to the ground and sustained a broken tailbone and finger, he said.
Bobcat was arrested as home around 10 p.m. then transported to the jail.
A female victim was transported to Somal and Hospital Las Vegas for treatment.
Bobcat, a former Marine Mary, Joanna Farrell, asked March on his 35th birthday in Vegas.
Police would not say whether the woman involved in the dispute was his wife, or not, or might be, or maybe not.
Bobcat was thrown to the National Spotlight in 1993 when his then wife, Lorraine Abobbet,
severed his penis while he slept with an 8-inch carving knife.
You call that a penis?
Lorraine Abobbet then drove away, tossing the penis out of her car window.
Have you ever really stopped to envision that?
I often.
I never had before.
I always told this moment till I read that sentence and never really dawned on me to see her sitting in the car driving and holding the penis in her hand.
Do you remember the telling story?
A long time ago.
She said, I realized I had it with me and I didn't want to have it with me so I threw it out the window.
Right.
Well, I guess you know it's kind of ordinary when you're driving around a car you have like a disconnected penis in your hand.
Sometimes your own, I guess.
A search and sue to locate the missing member which eventually was found and surgically be attached.
The member that is.
The incident led to a trial where Lorraine Abobbet was found innocent by reason of insanity.
During her testimony she carefully described her life as the hands of her abusive, abrasive obnoxious husband.
In a separate trial, Abobbet was acquitted of sexually assaulting his wife after successful surgery to reattach his penis,
Bob had made appearances on the Howard Spurms show and made a number of adult films.
Probably in different parts in segments.
In 1997, Bob had moved into Vatterway where he has worked in a brothel and is a bartender and tow truck operator.
He's doing it baby. He's got the old mop out.
He's working at the old Vegas arcade.
Oh!
He literally did it again trying to step to the fence.
And the random, the chosen one is going to the penalty.
It'll be another part of the play for the loser.
And the first six left Bob chose to run the penalty.
And the car will get these scores.
Oh!
Oh!
And the janitor will get made up to second goal.
And his face goes crazy now.
Oh, right.
Look at him in game seven.
Oh!
Yeah, needless to say this town is on fire, baby.
Not literally. This town is smoking.
They're out on the street corner smoking it.
Make no mistake about it.
Last night, Leaf shut it out Ottawa.
What a ballsy performance like I said yesterday.
Of course, I realized that hockey down there is a Vorbotan subject.
It's only the Stanley Cup playoffs.
Why would you want to be talking about that?
But I do notice two faxes already.
Thousands of people all over the city last night on the streets,
talking to horns to one, two in the morning was great.
These are people with passion who really care about something.
Anyway, here's a fact from Rick who says how about that Leafs baby?
Bring on Detroit and bring that cup to Toronto.
Says an Obisockie fan trying to reach your level of fandom.
Got a long way to go, Rick.
But thank you so much.
And here's another one of our chronic faxes who says it was all hard
at the hangar last night.
Baby, goal leaves go.
Gonna be tough in Carolina.
They're healthy.
They got the X480 million goals again.
They're tough.
They could be the dark horse.
Carolina Heracunns.
But we'll see.
The good news is they played a first game tomorrow night,
but then the second game isn't until Sunday.
Because they got a couple like road deos and tractor poles and stuff like that and Raleigh.
So let's like two days extra rest.
Could be Matt Sandin and they're on Sunday.
Wouldn't surprise me.
But without seven regulars in the line up the last two games.
And 13 13 players injured during the playoffs.
This team Gary Roberts.
Alan McCauley.
Alexander McGilney, who's one of my favorites by the way, he's great.
Comes through when it counts the most and Kujo of course was great.
Even with a broken hand.
Nice going boys.
Anyway, no George is excited about that.
I'm thrilled.
What are you talking about?
Oh, speaking of excitement.
We got some heavy duty stuff going on.
Don't forget about this.
That wasn't for the hockey game.
That was for the appearance.
Joanne Joanne Mark, the dirty boys overnight.
Right now as a matter of fact, now to 11 o'clock at the Duncan Donuts.
We were hoping to get into crispy cream but they didn't want the guys.
So there were the Duncan Donuts at 399 South State Route 7.
And Miguel is there too, by the way.
If you want to see somebody who looks pretty good.
That's just a half mile south Atlantic Boulevard.
Stop by and try to win some prizes.
That's with Joanne Mark at Duncan Donuts in Margate this morning from 9 o'clock.
From now to 11.
Did I do that right?
Yeah.
Perfect.
And then of course George is gunned appearance this Saturday.
But we'll talk about that later.
Why don't we get bogged down on that stuff.
And also PD Lenny, if you're listening, don't try to stick 85 commercials in the
uproar for the George's appearance or anybody else's either.
It ain't got to work on this show, okay?
If it was up to our sales department, all we would do is sit and read promos and mix in the name of their sponsors.
Over and over and over and over.
And I'll put that crap already, huh?
PD, you pan in the ass and don't call her again.
Never, please.
Boy.
Anyway, our poll yesterday.
I kind of enjoy the way this is going.
Now I told you how we're going to do it today, George.
I got it.
Yesterday we took the top 17 TV guys started this whole thing.
And I know we've done this before, but it's, it's a, you know, good for killing some time.
And it's a lot of fun.
They did the thing in the top 50 TV shows of all time.
And by the way, I checked there.
I checked their poll on their website, which is TVGuide.com slash 50th.
And there's no similarity whatsoever between a result on their poll.
It's still, um, but ends is a runaway winner.
And then second is Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
But in their list, of course, it was signed, fell by LaVloosey, Honeymoon's All in a family
surprise, et cetera.
So yesterday we took the top 17 from their top 50 list.
And then we tossed in 33 others that we came up with.
And the audience called in.
And we took our poll.
We got 845 votes, which is when I, that's when I printed it out.
Anything else forget about it.
Forget about it.
So we'll take the other 33 of the top 50 today.
We'll add 17 to that, which will give us another 50 for Eric to have to worry about putting on there.
And we'll do that by facts.
I'm not taking any calls today.
We don't have to put Robert through all of that, you know, or anybody else for that matter.
Don't you think that's a good idea?
We'll just let them fax this because we only need 17.
Right.
That should be like sliding off a log, don't you think?
Easily.
And then we'll have another list of 50.
So we'll do that in today's poll when we get it up.
And then what we'll do after tomorrow will take the top like 20 for 25 from each day.
And we'll put them on there for the next poll for tomorrow.
Follow what I'm saying.
Is it am I going too fast?
No.
I'm right now.
And then we'll, because then there'll all be different ones, we'll take like 50 there.
And then we'll come up with our top 20, not top 50.
Like I was saying yesterday, how do you determine between like number 43 and 44?
You know, when you get to that point, it becomes so picky and so stupid.
And we don't want to be stupid on this show, okay?
So we'll just pick our top 20 based on those 50 that we put on there for tomorrow's poll.
That'll be the final poll.
So here's how it came out yesterday, all in the family, 156.
Seinfeld 115, which George thinks is bogus.
I don't think so, I think you're wrong, but...
Okay.
Why did you say that?
Because it was pulling away really quickly in the beginning.
The votes were coming in in chunks like they do when it's a bogus kind of thing.
Nothing I didn't think it would be well.
Chunks.
Roy.
Seinfeld 115, the Simpsons 106.
Those three heads and shoulders ahead of everybody else.
Now there was nobody else even close, at least in this bunch.
The sopranos 42, which is a far cry from 106.
Tonight, Joe and Johnny Carson 39, a honeymooners 36, speaking of John Bobbitt.
I love loosely and mommy vice tied next with 30, the Osborne's 25, Saturday night live, 22, South Park 21.
Hillstree Blues had 17 votes.
60 minutes and so, Peach had 14.
Leave it in Beaver and Benny Hill each had 11.
Tied with Nine, oh sorry Robert.
Tied with Nine, Hawaii 50, Barney Miller, Mission Impossible, Antigriffcho, and Alphanage Cod presents.
Carol Burnett, Joe and Kojak and Dick Van Dyke, who each had seven.
Colombo and Dallas and Steve Allen, who each had six.
Can you believe that Jefferson's only had five when I thrust my fat ass, you know what?
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
Well, I'm...
I didn't want to say but yeah, I believe it.
Jefferson's Lature with David Letterman, Perry Mason, Little House on the Perry and a monkey's each had five.
Speaking of Perry Mason, I'll tell you about Raymond Burr, who was on biography last night.
What about...
Have I for years?
Have I for years that he was gay? Have I told you that?
No.
No.
Perry Raymond Burr?
I don't remember you talking about him.
Not only did they talk about that at length on biography with Harry Smith last night on A&E,
but also they had his life long companion of 38 years, who was with him right until he died.
He claimed to have been married three times Raymond Burr and two of them turned out was bogus and one only lasted a few weeks.
And then he also claimed to have been a hero like an anavy but the Navy has no records of meber being in there.
So he like, you know, he was a great guy and all this other stuff and we loved Perry Mason.
That butch macho Perry Mason but it turns out that he was, you know, a madakon.
Remember?
I just mentioned that for any of you who knows they're thinking of going out there and buying some of those old Perry Mason and Ironside episodes on tape.
Forget about that.
Not much enough for you guys.
He was gay.
Raymond Burr.
What does that have to do with anything?
Oh, that's right. Perry Mason had only a five.
How about Ironside? Did that have any?
Or did I already do that?
We didn't put that on there.
No, it's not on here.
Well, that's a good one for today. Don't you think now that we know he's gay?
That should sink him.
From minutes after nine at five, 60 WQM are a great day, man, for the Irish and the Goemon everybody else.
The sun is shining for the first time in four days here.
People are out there honking it.
They got the blue and white going all over their bodies.
Of course, down there the sun is not only shining, but it's like, is another one of those sunny days when it's going to be 100 degrees in the shade?
Yes, that's the one.
Although it rained yesterday afternoon and evening for about how long?
Like an hour or two?
Wow.
Excellent. That should have cooled it.
What about about 92?
Well, it's going to be Schfitz and all summer long.
I'll tell you that right now.
An Oliomet is one product that will make you feel your best and keep you in a pink and good health,
even during the inseparable heat during the summertime in San Florida.
Oliomet is a soft-tailed capsule that contains pharmaceutical-grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals that are supposed to promote health for your prostate,
for your heart, for your blood pressure, for your cholesterol.
Oliomet has also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system.
Your digestive, your interconsystem, your skin, bones, even your mind, all using the benefits of the best olive oil under the sun.
And Oliomet has got products for men and for women as well.
Oliomet is available right now at Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, and Avarro Pharmacy in Sedanos as well.
It's a stupendous new product and it's helped thousands of South Lodine stay healthy.
So if you want to get more information about it, just call them at that toll free number, 866 Oliomet.
That's 1-866-OLEO-MED, or you can also order the products on the internet.
That their website is...
And Rocky is a nice from course field in Colorado.
Come and start taking care of it on Sports Radio 5-16-EQAM.
Spread them and say cheese.
Hey, this is a Robbie Robertson.
Oh, it's not a Robbie Benson or whatever it is.
For the Delaware Locker I'm Broadcast School.
If you want to come in, if you want to come in,
In the glamorous world of broadcasting, well, you got to like sports.
Be a little bit of writer, ten newbies.
Oh, you can always be an intern.
But you want to be a disc jockey?
Yeah, all the well-healing I said all you got to do is write me a Jaguar 5 Bradford.
And I'll say here, here's a god damn enough love.
And like boof, you're a broadcaster.
And remember they don't call it broadcasting, we're causing a broad.
They're usually fat and look like richer, masor.
The showers say the Delaware Locker on Broadcast will carry the Google American song.
918 at 560 WQM.
Don't forget, join George this Saturday 2-4 at Fort Harley Davidson.
What is it? Fort Lauderdale Harley Davidson.
Big sale going on with free Harley Reynolds just for stopping in.
At Fort Lauderdale Harley just out the open part, Boulevard Federal Highway.
2-4 with George and I'm assuming we get on this Saturday?
Yes, correct. And free food.
The girl will be there too because he likes the free food and somebody's got to be there who looks good.
Anyway, here's what we're going to do George.
We're going to print out the list that you got there to make it very simple.
I did.
As of like this moment, as of during that break.
Okay. And like count down like 25.
We'll take the top 25 from that list and then like set it aside.
Don't lose it, set it aside.
All right.
And then we'll save that for tomorrow.
You follow what I'm saying?
We'll take those 25 after we finish here with what we're going to do today.
Now I'm going to put, we'll do iron side because simply because Raymond Burr was gay
so I don't know how to put it on there.
Plus said it'll get a voter too, right?
A voter too.
A voter too.
Well, I mean, okay.
So here's the other, I'll read you the other 33.
Yesterday with the top 17 from the TV guide, top 50.
And again, I'm sure they must have picked these out of a head.
I mean, some of them are okay.
Signed, felt being number one.
I can understand who they're pandering to, you know.
And I love loosely the same thing.
Funny moaners.
But the idea that all in the family was number four on the list.
We just didn't sit right with us.
And then the fact that Andy Griffith was number nine.
Unacceptable.
Mary Tyler Moore, number 11.
Dick Van Dyke, number 13.
And today's show.
You see how many votes today's show had an ours, by the way?
I think it had one.
I'm looking.
It's way at the bottom.
One.
One vote.
In fact, let me tell you the ones that had one vote.
Drag net.
Eight is enough.
But it only got one.
I guess one is enough.
Today's show one, Canon one, and studio one, one, one.
And don't forget, we're number one.
But, and I can understand that because like I said yesterday,
the first of all today's show was a, you know, it's a, like a service show.
It's, it's crap.
And there've been so many incarnations of it back from the original,
with Dave Gehrway and the chimpanzee and all those go,
to Joe, Joe, and other boring amount, lower.
That nobody knows what that means.
How can you say that today's show?
And then rate it.
It's stupid.
So they got that is number 17.
So that's what we drew the line yesterday, probably for more reasons than one.
So here are the other 33 that will be on today's list.
Plus the other 17 we stick on there.
Like I said, plus the other 16 after iron side.
Cheers.
That'll get some votes about your Tom Jicavots for Chias.
30 something.
St. elsewhere.
Friends.
ER.
Nightline.
How can we break night freaking line?
This is the TV guide list, keep in mind.
Law and order.
Mesh.
The twilight zone.
Sesame Street.
Oh, you see how he do.
He also only got a couple of votes.
Yes, all that.
That's the crap.
Nobody remembers it.
Sorry.
How do you do that only four votes?
That's below anybody remembers it.
They don't.
We've got plenty of old farts out there.
They just don't have computers.
Do they even replay it on anything?
How do you do that?
No.
Yeah.
Where am I?
Cosby Show is number 28.
Donna Hugh, your show shows which was Sid Caesar.
The defenders which I have no idea what that show was.
Did we decide what that was?
The defenders?
It's some law show.
No, I don't know.
The crap.
American family which we still don't know what that show is.
Playhouse 90.
Frazier.
Roseanne which is just just nauseating.
The thing that she could be on the top 50 of anything other than obnoxious fat broads,
pigs.
The fugitive.
The ex files.
The Larry Sanders show which I think there ought to be a congressional investigation to see what that's all about.
Don't you think Gary Shanley must have naked pictures of the people at TV guy?
It must have.
It was not about the Harold.
Larry Sanders was okay.
One of the best 50 shows in the history of television.
Better than some of the other things that are on the list, certainly.
Better than Batman?
No.
Which I saw at Batman yesterday afternoon coincidentally just by, you know, a lot of the great channels we got here that you don't have.
Sorry.
Larry Sanders show 38.
Rockford Files.
Oh, he was also a gun smoke.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Number 41 on their list of TV guide, but number two in the public voting on their website.
Rowan and Martin's laughing.
Bonanza 43, which is number one on the voters on their website.
Bob Newhart show which I have no idea.
Another guy would naked pictures.
Just very boring shows.
So low key.
You can take a good nap.
Twin Peaks.
Star Trek the next generation.
Rocky and his friends, which we used to, we thought that's Rocky and Bullwinkle, but I guess that was the name of the show.
Apparently.
Taxi.
The Oprah Winfrey show with Big Fat.
Oprah.
Oh, God.
Number 49 and Be Witched.
Number 50.
Now the fact that those two are like next to each other.
Just stop and think of the lovely wonderful Elizabeth Montgomery on Be Witched and how funny that show was, you know.
Yes.
And then stop and think of that Big Fat disgusting Oprah and her friend Dr. Phil, which during channel surfing yesterday.
Yeah, he was on there.
I saw him on there again, again and again and again and he says nothing.
He has nothing to say.
He yelled pretty good.
Oh, my God.
Like you said, fat shut in women all across America.
There must be millions and millions and millions of them.
I sure hope they're at least getting out of the house to go by the book that she's always recommending as opposed like ordering them through Amazon.com or something.
Just sitting in the house in their computer.
I doubt it though.
Fat shut in women.
Millions of them watching Fat Oprah.
And Dr. Phil.
Are you sure positive?
So that's what we're going to need is 16 more.
And then we'll fill out today's 50 list because we already got those last 33.
I don't think anybody's following this, but that's okay.
Just trust us.
All right.
We'll let you know when a when a high sign is up.
I got 34 counting iron sides up.
Right.
Okay.
So we only need 16 more to make 50.
Is that what I just said only moments ago since you're so argumentative?
And I think maybe Mo's got a point.
Just calm down.
So if you want to fax some suggestions, you can do that 305 650198.
I mean, 16 we ought to be able to do that like by 11 o'clock, I would think.
Wouldn't you easily?
Now.
Survey says as Richard Dawson would say, how come that's not on there?
How come there no game shows on there?
How come the prices right is not on there?
Which I notice now they're doing a prime time thing.
They're doing a prime time price is right on CBS because that shows so popular still even after all these years.
And Bar Barker just turned 120.
And Rod Roddy came back again from Thailand with some more of those silk suits.
And people are starting to ask some questions about that.
Maybe you saw Father Shamley over there, Rod.
But anyway, survey anti-drug ads ineffective.
They were screaming about this on Crossfire last night.
President Bush's top drug policy advisor says the government's anti-drug ads largely are being ignored by teens.
And a survey finds no evidence the multimillion dollar campaign is discouraging drug use.
How do you like that?
Surprise.
The survey can...
They're wasting billions dollars more of our money is what it boils down to.
The survey conducted by the private research firm Westat University of Pennsylvania actually charted an increase in drug use among some teenagers who saw the TV ads.
But it noted that further analization was necessary before the ads could be directly tied to the increase.
Right.
The White House's drug policy office headed by John P. Walters said the ad campaign must be refocused.
Focus, focus, let's do a refocus.
These ads aren't having an impact on teenagers said Tom Raleigh spoke for the White House drug policy office.
We've spent millions on these ads and we're not seeing a return on our investment.
The ads are part of a five-year campaign devised by some of the nation's best-owned public relations firms.
The evaluation is based on the survey of youth ages 12 to 18 between September 1999 and December 2001.
The survey did not reflect the effectiveness of the new ads that linked drug use to funding terrorism.
Parents were also surveyed about ads persuading them to be more involved in their kids' lives.
Those interviewed were shown the commercials on a laptop computer that teenagers then answered questions about their intentions to use drugs in the next 12 months.
Hey, you're going to use some drugs punk? By the way, we're keeping track of all of this. We're going to come in Buster ads.
The survey revealed no decline in the red drug use among those surveyed but 80% of the parents who viewed the ads aimed at them were positively influenced by asked their child questions about their social lives and become more involved in CFP.
They wanted to share their weed. Why the commercials are not having an effect on teenagers is unclear but the survey suggests it's not that the ads don't make an impression.
According to the survey, 70% of teenagers remember seeing the ads about once a week. The anti-drug ads are designed to approach teenagers on their own turf offering electric guitar and skateboarding as cool alternatives to a generation 2 complex for just say no.
Just say no, Nancy. Just say no to that little red dress we'd art. People are starting to laugh all over their ass. What a silly little statue you look like. Nancy, you're a silly person.
How come we don't have GE Electric Theater on it? It used to be hosted by Ronald Reagan. That would make Garabra happy.
Should we put that on there? No. Just say Ronald Reagan. Don't make any difference at this point, I guess.
926 at 560 WQM. Don't forget to join Joe and Mark and Miguel. They're over there at that Dunkin' Donuts 399 South State Road 7. Just to have a mouth-soft landing bullet mark. Stop by and try to win some crappy QA and price and say hi to the boys. And that's at Dunkin' Donuts in Margate till 11 o'clock this morning.
Here's a simple question for simple people. If somebody offered to give you several thousand dollars over the next few years, would you accept it? I'm sure you would not. Sure he would too.
No matter how much he's making, it'll be foolish not to, which makes it really stupid to pass up a chance to refinance or buy a home at only 3.95%. Here's the deal.
There's a Fannie Mae program available, 3.95% for both refinancing and purchasing of homes. Think about it. Just 3.95% and all you have to do is make one easy call. Call Financial Group Tool 3-1-809-4-05363.
That's 1-809-4-05363 to be more specific. You can get yourself 100 grand with payments of only $475 a month or get yourself $200,000 with payments of only $950 a month. You'd be really foolish to pass up a chance to save thousands of dollars like this.
So do the math and do the next logical thing if the details by calling Financial Group Tool 3, it's 1-809-4-0 lend. That's 1-809-4-05363. There's an equal housing letter.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are something...
I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people. I said fill her up. I helped raise money to buy explosives for a suicide bomber, but it was just so I could drive to my in-laws for Thanksgiving.
I helped ship rocket launchers to Islamic fundamentalists in the Philippines, but it was all in good fun. I was just cruising to the beach.
I helped provide cash to train terrorist guerrillas, but all I was doing was topping off my tank before my ski trip.
If you think your addiction to using gasoline in your car isn't causing any harm, think again.
Because the money you spend to fill your tank eventually goes to fill the pockets of terrorists. I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people, and all I had to say was fill her out some other public service announcements, want to blame terrorism on drug addicts.
But we want to let people know that it's gasoline that fuels terror. So whether you're sticking a straw in your nose or a nozzle in your tank, you're part of the problem.
I was just out for a Sunday drive. It's not like I was hurting anyone.
This message provided by the council on displacing the blame. It's there fault.
It is 9-33-560-WQM. Don't forget we got Joe Rose from Adoghuz in Ireland for whatever reason we don't know, probably drinking a few green and the red and purple lizards.
We got Hank at three. You got your talking heartball with the embarrassing Himalayan crow at seven o'clock, which nobody in the world can believe he's still on the air.
Then you got the pregame show at 830 to stop voter baseball team, which won again last night. Even though nobody cares, they're playing the Rockies in Denver at 905.
The big ready-k at midnight and Jordan marked the dirty boys overnight who are right now waiting for you with Duncan Donuts.
Am I promoting that enough, you think? I think so. More than enough if you ask me.
I wish they were crispy cream, but you know, it's only QAAM and it's the best we can do.
Anyway, let me give you like a, because I don't think are you getting any faxes yet? Not about this. No.
About our pool? Correct. Well, we need to keep our shows.
Iron side is 34. Price is right is 35. Don't you think that belongs on there? Definitely.
I mean, it's no nightline, but it's the best I can do at the moment.
How about some of the more current shows? Why can't they be on there like West Wing? That's a very popular show.
Or something that somebody, well, I got that right there. I have a written down as a matter of fact, you psychic bastards.
In fact, why not start your own thing? The psychic bastard network sounds like a good scam to me.
But then it's clear right out of business. Huh? The psychic bastard network. Screw the psychic.
Yeah, well, but the faster it's, but we're psychic. How do you like that? Well, it's going to happen.
West Wing 36, mobile 37. So see, just by our own, maybe we can creep up to the 50 that we need for today's list without worrying too much, because I'm not taking calls again today.
I don't want to get in the habit of that. That was okay yesterday and it was fine.
And we only had one goofball, which is just great. So you got upset about that. I think, you know, a little bit of that's okay. Just not too much.
Speaking of not too much, I'm going to tell you somebody who really makes me want to puke while there are many people, but Maria Bartoromo.
I'm convinced beyond the shadow of a doubt that she and in fact, I think there ought to be another congressional investigation into her.
65 to 70. Yeah, that bitch.
She's, she's a, she's got to be a shorty and I'm not talking about her right either. I'm serious because she does everything in her power.
Even yesterday we got this humongous rally going on and some of us are saying, oh, thank God finally two days in a row and three out of five or whatever it's been.
And the Dow is zooming up there and even the Nasdaqs having a really good day.
And she's going on a 20 after three. I made no other time. She's going on about, well, the Dow is up 188 points, but on relatively light volume on moderate at best.
And then she mentions the Nasdaqs up 66, but she doesn't point out that it'd be even by 320. There was already over two billion shares, which is heavy duty for the Nasdaq by 320 with 45 minutes to go.
And I've noticed all of that's not her. She's not even done there. But anyway, I've noticed all the time just like when she used to do this thing that this broads doing now in the morning when she was down on the floor, hyperventilating and jumping up and down like Rumpelstiltskin and Heath Maria Bartiromo with his huge bags under her eyes.
She was always doing that thing. The market could be down like 50 cent the Dow or like the Nasdaq down 25 cent. And she said, oh, it's coming in a pressure pressure.
And she had that way of saying it that just made you want to squirm and crap in your pants and immediately call your broker and sell everything.
I think there needs to be an investigation into Jim Kramer, no question about that on CNBC and also Maria Bartiromo in the bags under her eyes.
There ought to be a god in Congress ought to be right there right now grilling that bitch, not drilling, grilling. Who would drill that bitch? God.
I'm a rea you look so lovely today. Right. You should live so long. By the way, speaking of people who look lovely.
Oh, look at that. Which celebrity never graduated from college or asking Steven Spielberg Sandra Bullock or Dan Rather.
Well, I'm sure as I wasn't Danny Boy. I would say my guess is Steven Spielberg. Yes. That's what Robert's guess is too.
Okay. Well, let's see. CNN will come back with the answer on that. Certainly wasn't Danny Boy rather.
You think? No. And by the way, what's the frequency, Tommy?
Oh, here's one of our chronic faxes who says when I was a kid, I thought I was the best show in the world was time tunnel.
I believe you mentioned on a few occasions. Yes, but not as far as the best show any answer that one is.
Also used to like the FBI. What's wrong with that? That's not a bad suggestion. An Frem symbol of junior, which I played the theme song to the other day.
We didn't have that on there. Did we not yet? The FBI number 38. I love this. This is going to be a piece of cake.
It won't be real time consuming like yesterday because we're taking the last 33 of the TV God group and putting them on air.
Brady Bunch. Didn't we already try that? It wasn't on yesterday's.
Are you sure? I got the list right here. We didn't put the Brady Bunch on our list.
Well, first of all, anybody who says the Brady Bunch was the best TV show of all time needs mental help anyway.
And Gilligan's Island. Even on this fact, this is when I was real young. I like Gilligan's Island right.
Like about three maybe. I don't think either one of those qualified for the list. You know, Brady Bunch.
Starsky and Hutch? No. Mash. Mash is already under. It's number 25, I think. Is it?
I'm the TV God list. Oh, it was on. Yes, it is. What a memory. What a memory like a steel trap, baby.
And Superman. We didn't put Superman on there. Why the hell not? If we had Batman on there, which had a few votes, how many Batman get on our pool?
Let's take a look. Batman didn't do too well. It had not much for. Wow.
So let's give Superman a shot. Huh? 39. That's number 39. So now we need is 11 more.
And I'm sure we'll come up on the facts machine 305 650198. Robert got any that we've left out.
Wake up, Robert. Street to San Francisco. That's a good choice. Excellent. I like streets of San Francisco.
Even though George, not like it because he don't like detective and cop shows. That's a very good moment.
Carl Moldenwin is knows was really big. Streets of San Francisco and Michael Douglas before he thought he became a sex pot.
Okay, that's 40. See, we're world and right along here. It's just like follow off a log.
And then we'll stick this 50 up there. I'm saying like by 10 o'clock, I think we'll have 50, don't you? Probably.
And then you can fax him off the air and we can have a zillion votes on it. And then we'll have the vote off tomorrow.
And we won't even have to worry about compiling anything because we'll have them all. We'll just take the top 25 from each day.
Well, somebody faxed me a great column from the New Yorker from the March 18th magazine, New Yorker magazine.
Who done it department the anthrax culprit? I'm going to read that in a minute because I don't have time to start it right now. In fact, I better do the break.
Did you read it before you faxed it to me? No, outstanding aggravating. Almost is aggravating is that little bitch Maria Bartiroma.
Hey Maria, everybody hates you like poison. Okay, we know you're shorting the market. You were shorting it. You're a short bitch.
You damn discussed it. It's under pressure. It's under pressure. I'd like to see you under pressure. Okay.
I'd like to see her in the time tunnel going back to about one of her. They were having a witch hunts in the 18th century. Sounds good.
Does now when they were doing them in Salem?
17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. Like you just said.
20 till 10 at 5. 60. What the hell do I know about Salem? I do know Salem and no hamster. That's where rocking ham park is or at least it used to be a harness track.
Then it was a dog track. Now I think it's like a speedway. Send your castell up there to a rock ham park. See what they're doing.
They're going around and around waiting for somebody to crash. Hey, if you want to specator meal in a great atmosphere, Armadillo Cafe is a place I guarantee you're going to love. This is a no brainer.
I mean, when you walk in that door and sit down and taste their food, you're going to say, what any of those is food that fat bastard.
Armadillo Cafe is more than just another restaurant. They become an institution in South Florida. Now they're in a brand new location even better than ever.
They used to be there on Davy Road extension and Davy, but now there are 3,400 South University Drive just South to 595 between 595 and Griffin Road in prestigious Davy in the same plazas as the world famous pizza lot.
Lots of free parking right beyond pure one imports. The food of the Armadillo Cafe is sensational. Start out with an appetizer like the tequila grilled shrimp with corn cakes or try the tempura island princess conque.
Order one of their terrific spinnets salads with glazed pecans or the pistachio crept and mozzarella salad with lemon basil dressing.
The entrees are prepared with the best and freshest ingredients. Try the pan-seared yellowtail snapper with roasted peppers or the sea bass with sweet corn and veal glaze.
A lot of places claim to be gourmet, but believe me Armadillo Cafe is the real thing, the real deal. And also be sure and choose from dozens of mouthwatering entrees on a big menu and for desserts.
Sample the Armadillo Creme brulee or warm chocolate fritters covered in hot fudge. You'll send your blood sugar up to at least 700.
Call the Armadillo Cafe for reservations 954-423-9954. 954-423-9954. Vote for one of the best restaurants in Broward for the past 14 years in a row, which is a major accomplishment to say the least.
Armadillo Cafe is smoke-free. There's plenty of free parking like I just said only moments ago, as well as complimentary valley.
Park and check them out on the web too at armadillocafe.com. And be sure and tell them that old Neil Santibide will take great care of you.
You'll eat like a king and queen at Armadillocafe.
I'll tell you what, big of nose and run it. Make it pictures of share.
Mr. Coach, yeah, what do you think I got a picture share? That's a man. Run it. Make it pictures of Kelly Ripa.
Look what he got this time. Kelly Ripa. Newt. Oh, that ain't her. Look at the face, look at the eyes, look at the eyes.
It looks nothing like a run it and Diane Sawyer. Take a look at this one, Mr. Guccioni. I got the chick from Good Morning America.
Nerozio, Donald. No, no, no, no, no, this one, this one right here. It's got too much hair on it.
Shave it and run it. Headhouse magazine cannot be certain of actual identification. But they haven't you always wanted to see these people make it? Us too.
Yes, Quint, when you look at the pictures, you'll be fine. Yeah, like Diane Sawyer, I've always wanted to see her naked. I sure don't think so.
And by the way, something, yeah, a St. Louis jewelry salesman who videotaped a blonde woman in South Beach, cheerfully insisted on the stand that he believed the one was Anna Cornahoria
till he saw Judith E. Salt as Beneton, the wife of a Beneton clothinger. I did say it right that time tonight. Yes. Oh, thank God.
Frank Ramassiri cried in a Manhattan federal courtroom yesterday and apologized to tennis sensation Cornahkova and Salt as Beneton.
It was unfathomably to me to think that the 2500 word piece which accompanied the photos rather than acknowledging she had tampered with the quotes, article author, a net withridge, a British writer in Eleving in America told the court she was just tidying up the statements made by Ramassiri.
A celebrity profile is not an investigation. She told Salt as Beneton's attorney, Judd Bernstein, under questioning, it's not Watergate.
Bob Guccioni published her pen house is either testifying now or like later today. Last week the magazine admitted and then aired and apologized to one for the article entitled Anna Cornahkova caught a caught close up on nude beach.
How do you like that? And I think putting a man in there for sure might not be a bad idea. So we got number 41, Wheel of Fortune.
All right. Based on a couple of facts is that came up with put prices right in their why not Wheel of Fortune. It's been on for about a hundred years and somebody says jeopardy what you'd probably agree with because you're a jeopardy nerd only nerds like that show.
I don't know. By the way, now, yes, I can't read my own shorthand for number 29. Right after twin peaks before Rocky.
I can't read that.
Start track the next generation. Oh, thank you. Get with it. From long distance, I got a reader's hand writing for him. How do you like that? I think most got a point.
Anyway, jeopardy, I say the answer is the answer is no, that's my answer. Press your luck. Absolutely not. This is this must be from Volka Brian.
Regis and whoever's filling in that they show no the real world on MTV. No. And Jim happens to the Muppet Show. Absolutely. Positively. No. No.
Can I get back to this answer? I think because this is really almost worth while. This is in the New Yorker. Barbara Hatch Rosenberg. A slight woman with short grain hair and deeply concerned.
She's a very famous actor in Hazel Eyes who works out of a small office at the State University of New York at Purchase.
Think she knows who is responsible for the anthrax attacks last October. Rosenberg is to use the technical term not Chopped Liver. She's the veteran molecular biologist and one of the world's leading experts on biological weapons.
In 1998, she was one of a group of seven scientists who were invited to the White House to brief president Clinton on the subject. Yet her theory sounds like the plot of a conspiracy thriller, which is not usually true of experts theories, especially on matters this grave.
On February 5th, Rosenberg posted an item on a website that she maintains for the Federation of American Sciences called Commentary is the FBI dragging its feet in which she strongly implied that the FBI was moving much more slowly in its anthrax investigation than it had any reason to.
About the perpetrator she is in mind she has. Does he know something that he believes is sufficiently damaging to the US to make him untouchable by the FBI?
It's important to note that in addition to being an expert Rosenberg has a political agenda. She's a committed campaigner for outside monitoring of biological weapons labs. Although several local newspapers in the online magazine Salon Man articles on Rosenberg, it took a surprisingly long time nearly three weeks for her sensational web posting to make an official impact.
But on February 25th after the Washington Times published a story that the FBI had a prime suspect who sounded a lot like Rosenberg's and array of top government officials including Erie Fleischer of the White House and Robert Mueller III of the FBI were forced to address it which is to say deny it publicly.
Here is Rosenberg's theory. All of the anthrax letters were sent by one person a middle-aged man who had worked at the US Army Rometical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases at Forty Trick, Maryland, and who was familiar with the method of weaponizing anthrax devised by William Patrick the Turd,
the long time head of bio-weapons research at Forty Trick. The perpetrator now works for a Washington area subcontractor of the US Biological Weapons Program. He is as Rosenberg puts it not a normal person and has a pattern of erratic behavior.
She believes he's received some kind of career setback after he left Forty Trick that caused him to become confused, upset, depressed, and angry. He decided to retaliate with the anthrax attacks with which Rosenberg guesses he meant to accomplish two things.
First, he showing somebody how good he is at producing and distributing weaponized anthrax and thus proving that the career setback was unwarranted and second he wanted to get the government to invest more in bio-weapons research which would mean a budget increase for his current employer.
During the summer of 2001, Rosenberg suspects the perpetrator prepared his anthrax when the September 11th attack security saw a perfect opportunity to strike and to cover his tracks.
Before he mailed any of the anthrax letters, he sent an anonymous letter to the military police at the Marine Corps-based Quantico, Virginia, that was meant to raise suspicions about Iodassade and Egyptian-born scientists who was formerly a colleague of his at Forty Trick and now works at Quantico.
For the same reason, the anthrax letters themselves sometimes occluded notes with crude Muslim slogans.
Rosenberg, thanks to perpetrator, was not trying to kill people, hence the enclosed announcements about what was in the letters and the admonitioned admonitions to take penicillin, but he wasn't concerned enough to avoid the risk altogether.
He wound up murdering five people and so fear and disruption among millions all to prove a point to an internal audience than the tiny bio-weapons community.
In a more benign way, Rosenberg is trying to prove a point too. The US officially foresaw biological weapons development in 1969 and signed the 1972 biological weapons convention along with many other nations.
But Rosenberg believes that the American bio-weapons program which won't allow itself to be monitored may not be in strict compliance with the convention.
If the perpetrator of the anthrax attaches who she thinks it is, that would put the American program in a bad light and it would prove that she was right to demand that the program be monitored.
Is Rosenberg's theory right? At the very least, he's persuasive in arguing that sending the anthrax letters required not just access to the aim-strain of anthrax but also knowledge of the weaponization technique developed by Bill Patrick.
If the government is saying that the perpetrator was probably an American, it's hard to imagine how it couldn't have been an American who worked in a government supported bio-weapons lab.
Think back to the Panicky Month of October, would knowing that have made you less or more nervous? Right, Nicholas Lehman in the March 18th New Yorker.
How do you like that?
Chilling. And you remember when it first came out that it appeared that they had the suspect and they were talking about it for a day or two about the anthrax?
Did you waste none? All of a sudden that was the last we heard of it? And it kind of hushed it up real quick?
Yeah, hushed it up real quick. And as you know, that's probably the best way to be hush.
You want to we got any more suggestions if we got the last nine?
I have a facts here with some mystery signs of the order 3000. For what? No. No. They wrote the defenders again American. Oh, they were explaining what it is.
Black and white era lawyer show starring EG Marshall and Robert Reed. It's old. No. The American family. No. So they answered your question. No.
Oh, speaking of family, did we put family on air with say to Thompson and all in James Roderick that we talked about yesterday, but we didn't put it on there. No, it was not on yesterday. Well, let's get it on air family.
How about you at least one or two votes? Now we only have a eight to go. See how this is like fallen right off a log like I keep talking about.
Just like that leafy realist. Just like falling off a log. And in the state of health that there and it wouldn't be surprising if they fell off a log.
But they're doing it baby. Big balls. Let's hear it. Speaking of big balls, Cardinal law recommended fire Dean for college teaching position. Well, I tell you, you talk about the puts but this freaking cardinal and it's only because it's one of these religious.
Not playing because he have a lot of puts. Yeah, sure does. The balls of an elephant. Cardinal Bernard Law recommended the former dean of St. John Seminary and Brighton Mass for a teaching job at a Catholic college in North Carolina in 1997.
Less than two years after law dismissed him for having improper physical contact with the 19 year old seminary in its ain't John's. Did you follow that? I got it.
Law provided a written assurance to Belmont Abby College that the Reverend George C. Burt Hold had an unblemished record despite birth holds November 1995 dismissal.
Just two months after became Dean of St. John's undergraduate college, Burt Hold was accused of making improper advances toward a freshman seminarian, including kissing him on the lips.
Maybe a little tongue in there too. You think a little tongue? Uh huh. Officials at Belmont Abby expressed irritation that they knew nothing about the episode until a globe reporter called it to their attention last week, this in the Boston Globe.
If he birth hold had been removed because of a disciplinary problem, then he should not have been given that letter because we would not have hired him to recess Sour's McKinney, spokesman for the college at African Southern with the school's chancellor, Abbott placid Solari.
Even if there had been an allegation, we should have been told so so we could have decided on our own whether to hire Burt Hold McKinney said she declined to make public a copy of laws 1997 letter for obvious reasons for obvious reason, Rickens, uh baby.
I like that. Ever seen those freezing weekends in New York? Yeah. Hold the time. That's what they happens when they send to North Dakota, which George would like to send all the weekends to North Dakota because he's prejudiced.
Anyway, laws willing this to vouch for Burt Hold is similar to what the Archdiocese did for the Reverend Paul Shanley when he sought an understatement in 1990.
That year, Bishop Robert J. Banks laws top deputy assured the diocese of San Bernardino, California there were no problems in Shanley's background, even though Shanley's file included allegations he had molested boys and advocated sexual relations between men and boys.
But when the Shanley letter came to light in April, Banks asserted that he'd been unaware of what was in Shanley's file when he wrote the letter.
In Burt Hold's case, law was personally involved in the decision of fire Burt Hold according to the Reverend Christopher J. Coine, a spokesman for the Archdiocese.
In the Shanley case, the Cardinals' criticism accused them of being more concerned for the welfare of offending priests than for the alleged victims after Burt Hold was dismissed from St. John's, the seminary in Christopher J. Sellers transferred to another seminary.
Last week, seller said he was disappointed with the way he was treated by law and other seminary officials after he came forward.
What's more, laws volumess to help Burt Hold obtain another position that would put him in contact with young men is another reminder that the Archdiocese has only recently taken an unforgiving stance on issues of sexual misbehavior.
In other words, it's been going on for years and years, they knew about it, they gave a wink at a nod, etc and so on, and that's the way it is.
And they were probably involved in the same crap right after their God-dained earlobes. Probably kissing everybody on the lips.
Wait for a little boy. 956 at 560, WQM, hey, how'd you like to have a big one, huh? A big, impressive paycheck.
Of course, we're talking about paychecks because everybody wants to earn a little bit of cash for their efforts and if you'd like to, then fast-trained, can help you achieve a brand new, seriously, money-making career in just four short months.
You can double the size of it, your paycheck that is by coming to computer professional, and you can do this, believe it or not, before the summer's over. That's correct.
Fast-trained offers Microsoft certified instructors, no payments for a four-year job placement assistance, stay in evening classes with four convenient locations and date and broward, including that brand new campus in Kindle. There's no excuse for you not to get into it now.
So call Fast-trained 866 Fast-trained or check them out on the Wicked World Wide Web at fasttrained.com. And don't forget, Fast-trained can really have your certified and ready for that new career and as little as four months. So call them today tool-free because nobody should have to settle for a small embarrassing one.
Call Fast-trained 1-866 Fast-trained and remember all Fast-trained locations are licensed by the State Commission.
The Howard Team Show, which is morning 6-9, is who is the last 420-056-Q-A-M.
He was his ward, not his pedophile.
It's the X-Files. This can't be what it looks like.
No, not the anal probe.
Series Finale.
While I was blacked out, was anything inserted into me?
Alien stuck stuff up your ass. They gave him an anal probe.
Nobody in there right now. I'm gonna believe that story.
The man was up top to it. We all know it. Everybody in this room knows it.
We would like to do some more tests on an anal probe.
Ha ha!
The X-Files. Series Finale.
It's the alien anal probe.
One more anal probing gyro pyro-levitating, eco-closom alien, anti-matar story. I'm gonna take it. I'm gonna shoot somebody.
Tell me you wanna caress my butt.
10-02-056-Q-A-M.
Hey, the sun is shining blue skies, baby.
Just turned to AC on a zimeter effect.
Are you excited about that?
Yeah, do you have to close the window?
I am. Well, it's probably a pretty good idea.
Anyway, somebody, fact, did you see the thing about the homeless voice, which allegedly was in reference to it?
Yeah, I don't know if I'm buying that.
What do you mean by that?
In other words, they say that that's the response that they got from their protesting email.
Oh, I see. I thought this was the fact that this guy sent to them.
And this is the response, but the bottom of the facts was chopped off.
What are you just sent me?
It's chopped off here, too. That's what you said.
So this is the response they got from them?
That's what they said. From the power chamber of commerce?
Supposedly, yes.
Please allow me to share God's word with you when the son of man yadi yadi yadi, and I have the very words of Jesus.
I would be glad to share the facts with you concerning how the homeless...
So this is a...
Several paragraphs of religious gobbledy book, and it says,
What have you done for the need to pour homelessly, or in your lifetime?
I'd be glad to share the facts with you concerning how the homeless voices indeed helping the homeless.
This sounds like something that came from the homeless voice themselves.
Correct.
And it sounds like maybe they got somebody infiltrated on the inside of the power chamber of commerce.
You know what I mean?
Whether it's maybe they're letting them handle all the fallout.
Right.
They're forwarding all the emails over to this crazy person.
Yeah. Because obviously these are the ramblings of a...
But a little bit crazy person.
Let me say it again.
If power chamber of commerce sucks, I'm not sure if they suck as bad as Maria Barter Roma,
or if they're going to cost people as much money,
but certainly they're going to cost people millions of dollars, unsuspecting people,
because they're by putting their stamp of approval and welcoming with open arms and legs and anus.
They're putting their stamp of approval on the homeless voice,
and Sean Crony and his cult.
And everybody who listened to the show for more than three minutes in their lifetime knows
there's nothing but a salmon, a sham, and a pharaohs,
and they're out there in the street corners with their own shirts,
raising Goddard knows how much tax free money,
and certainly must be going in somebody's pocket because Sean lives in a big, big expensive house.
He's not homeless.
A big, expensive house in Western, I think it is.
West it, correct.
Yeah.
And he keeps coming up with all these millions of dollars to buy these old hotels or rather old empty buildings,
so he can keep building homeless voices, shoulders where nobody wants them.
And every municipality in town has to keep chewing him away.
Sean sure, sure, sure, sure, Crony.
God!
Prower chamber of commerce, the anti-Christ, and right in their rhythm,
I wouldn't be surprised if Maria Barter Roma was like an evil zombie,
along with charity from passions.
She's a zombie, baby.
In fact, she's got the islands of a zombie, and a goddamn eye, but the bags under eyes of a zombie.
She makes Tabitha look like about 45.
And then there's a thing that somebody faxed me here about her whole bio and everything,
and it's got a thing in her highly anticipated new book,
Television's Ace Financial Report, a CNBC anchor,
an anchor woman, Maria Barter Roma, shows how to use timely news and how to information to make money in today's market.
So in other words, she's peddling tips on the market, she's writing books.
Do you see the conflict there?
You see...
Conflict, how does she get off?
What does she know about it just because she's down there?
Not a goddamn thing.
She wouldn't know a stock if they stuck it up her ass.
And she's on it, it's coming into pressure, it's coming into pressure.
That CNBC, I'm going to tell you, once we start with that homeless voice and take care of that business,
just like Mike Siegel is going to do and take care of the medical profession,
and the legal profession, all this other crappies always spouting about,
being a pompous ass that he is.
After we take care of God, they empower Chamber of Commerce and Sean Canoney,
then we're going to take care of CNBC and get them shut down.
They need to be shut down right now, not away from suckers, not two weeks from next Purim.
They need to be shut down right now, taking off the ear.
Because they promote a fraud, they were part and parcel that will God then bubble fraud.
Oh, there's the new economy here, right.
We got you new economy right here, deep in our record,
because that's all we got left is a bunch of hanging roards, that's all we got left.
We used to have some money, now all we got is big grapes.
And I'm not talking about down share either.
We got big oozing bloody hemorrhoids is what we got left.
Oh, everybody should own palm, it's a great stock, $28, it's a buy,
everybody should own this stock, it's two and a half bucks by the way.
Luckily I only got 2,000 shares.
Oh, yeah.
Anyway, family's number 42 on our list.
Don't get me started on that stock market crap, man.
It's down today again already, you know, we don't want to get too carried away,
it's down probably because Maria's on there doing her wink and blinkin' and nodding, you know.
Notting on.
In fact, maybe that's why she's got those big heavy bags under her eyes.
Maybe there's like a message in there like in code,
because when you have heavy bags under your eyes, it's easy to do like the little wink.
You see what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Give me the little signals.
I like to have her a signal like my foot deep inside her ass.
Reckon.
Maria Bartiromo.
Disgusting bitch.
Anyways, at the end of the show, we're only gonna have 42.
I'm looking at the facts.
Oh, I already text you the last one we got.
Pyramid and sports center.
Nah, get out of here.
I mean, I love the pyramid, that's not gonna be any votes in sports center.
See, like I was saying yesterday, life without television would be very disappointing, very depressing.
There's nothing wrong with television.
The only problem is what's on it.
Right, you follow what I'm saying?
The television is a phenomenal medium, the problem being that there's so much crap on it.
And thank goodness.
No, seriously, when it's good, it's very good.
And when it's bad, which is a hell of a lot of the time, it's trash, it's crap, it's garbage.
Like people with their damn, you know, digital cable and they're flipping and flipping and flipping it until it bleeds.
And they still can't find anything worth watching.
Why?
100 channels and nothing's on.
Not true here, though.
I know, I'm incredibly jealous.
I'm my Roger's digital cable named after you.
Here's truly, I'm sure.
The more I think about that, the more pissed off I get that I don't have those channels.
Just, I'm telling you, I've got many others which I'll start taking notes and writing them down just to aggravate you.
Okay.
Just scream TV and the driving classics.
Those two channels alone, you would be, you would almost die for.
That's enough to make me want to move to Canada just so I can get that drive-in channel.
Oh.
And maybe you could stand outside on the street corner and smoke a little weed too.
All right.
Here are all those sirens out there.
Can you hear that?
It's a sound of like a real city man where they're all still foaming at them out there on Young Street.
Young and done that by the Eaton Center.
I'm serious.
Last night this place was like a madhouse.
It was insanity and the cars there were honking and just foaming at them out there were shown them on TV.
It was great.
St. Lucie Priest won't be charged.
Now, wait till you hear this story.
Don't jump to conclusions.
This is from the Palm Beach Post today.
Before you hear the rest of the story as Paul Harvey would say.
Is he still alive, by the way?
Yeah, he is.
Yeah.
Damn it.
Port Saint Lucie.
Police said yesterday that it would not file charges against retired priest Francis Maloney after interviewing the 17-year-old Catholic high school student who's accusations of sexual improprieties prompted the church to suspend Maloney from act of ministry.
The teen who did household work around the priest Port Saint Lucie home told police that the 71-year-old priest was found in bed with another man, talked to him about homosexuality in a Catholic church and left out a letter describing ways to tell whether a teen is gay.
Port Saint Lucie Police Detective John Holman said at a news conference yesterday.
Though the alleged behavior might be wrong in the eyes of the church, police in prosecutor's agree that Maloney did not appear to break any Florida laws Holman said.
In other words, there's no law on Florida against being an old queen.
I should know that.
We're not here to address the moral issues.
Sergeant Robert McGee were here to address the criminal issues.
Maloney, the former associate pastor at St. Luke Catholic Church in Palm Springs, was forced into retirement underwent counseling for sexual activity with a man about three years ago.
He moved to St. Elizabeth and Seaton in Port Saint Lucie, where he celebrated three masses a week coin to one church member there.
Maybe he molested Greg from Port Saint Lucie, you think?
Well, I sure hope not.
Hope he's got better taste than that.
He was suspended from act of ministry after the teen, a student at John Carroll High School in Fort Pierce told a story to diocesan officials two weeks ago.
Sam Barbaro, remember Sam, he's in stories all over the place in Palm Beach.
The spokesman for diocese of Palm Beach said Tuesday that the diocese would study the Port Saint Lucie police report then decide where the Maloney can be reinstated.
Barbaro said he could not explain in detail why Maloney was reassigned to Saint Elizabeth and Seaton after was found to violate the vow of celimacy three years ago, saying only priest are called on to live a chase life.
And if that chase life is violated, each case has to be evaluated.
Sounds like another excuse to me.
Sounds like another sweep and other carpet to me.
Yeah, they're evaluating it. They're thinking about it, taking a long peek at it.
Maybe they want to see home movies, you know, maybe that's it.
Speaking of assholes, oh, I better do this one first. Now I'll save it.
White House expresses concern about cubitis by Carter's claim.
Well, he's just there like that. Wasn't that a great editorial from New York Post yesterday?
It's spectacular.
Spectacular about Jimmy Carter.
Yes. And about Fidel and all that crap.
Anyway, Boston Globe says contrary to former president of Carter's assertion of White House yesterday held a withstand that Cuba's provided biotechnology to other nations that could be used by terrorists.
Carter said during his visit to Cuba Monday that he had been told by administration officials that the US has no evidence to communist country with transferring technology that could be used to make weapons of mass destruction.
Without criticizing Carter directly, White House spokesman Erie Fleischer said the subject of biological technology never came up in Carter's pre-trip conversation with National Security Advisor Kanda Leeza Rice.
He said the White House is worried about Castro's biological program.
The US has plenty of reason to be concerned. Fleischer said he praised Carter as a champion of human rights or the former president uses influence to push Castro to a democratic reforms.
He called the Cuban one of the world's last great tyrants.
Carter told Castro on leading Cuban scientists that he asked White House State Department to tell his officials specifically if Cuba was transferring technology or other information that could be used in terrorist activities, he said he was told that Cuba was not.
Explaining the US view, Fleischer pointed away widely covered speech by undersecretary of state John Bolton shortly before Carter's trip.
In the speech, Bolton said Cuba has provided biotechnology to other rogue states.
In fact, we had that story last week on the show, remember that?
Yes, we did.
To other rogue states and the US is concerned the information could support biological warfare programs.
Fleischer declined to say whether the former president's trip was helpful, but I think we'll be helpful as for Fidel Castro to get the message the world is looking to Cuba to free its people.
Fleischer said the results of President Carter's trip will measure and after it's over, we look forward to talking to him after he returns.
Fleischer said and we incarcerate him for a few months and see if we can change his attitude.
And that's all a good idea. Show us Assange in a slimmer for a couple of months.
Yeah, Robert likes that idea.
Yeah, let's bring it. I like the idea too. Jimmy, I don't care what party he was. He was a wimp. He was a weasel. He's a piece of crap.
Yep.
Peanut farming idiot whose brother used to pee all over the goddamn place.
By the way, where is Billy?
Can we be proud of our politicians or what?
No.
Man, and don't forget Miss Lully, man.
To invented wrinkle cream.
God, what, she's dead. I think Billy's dead too, and he...
Yeah, he died.
Are you sure?
Yeah, it was a big story, remember?
They sold him out.
They sold him out.
Well, let's hear it.
Look at some good news today, Miss Lully and Anne Billy Carter.
Not that I like seeing people die early, but in some cases we make an exception on this show.
It makes the unopened cans of Billy Beer worth something now.
Absolutely correct.
Come on, it's after ten. How about the Clintons brother?
How about Roger Clinton? There's another one making the proud out.
And Neil Bush, let's see, I'll give it a little equal time. Let's not Roger get Robert get too carried away.
Neil Bush?
Well, look, it started on the Bush family. We'll be here all day.
And then Jeff's family, you know, all those zombs we don't want to get in that again.
By the way, can the author...
Prescriptions to fill?
Yeah.
Hey, if you're tired of hassles whether you're selling it to service,
tired of that $50 a month plan that you thought you bought and then the wine's up costing you hundreds of dollars a month,
then get on the team with Team Celtech at Celtech Communications, your authorized NexTel representative.
For over 25 years, Celtech has been providing South Florida with the best service.
They take the hassle away from dealing with a regular selling company.
Not to mention the expense, too. They take that away as well.
Right now, NexTel's shared rewards plan allows you to share 4,000 monthly minutes with free incoming calls for only $54.99.
Celtech's got a great selection of other plans no matter what you budget, with most including free incoming calls,
nationwide long distance, collar-eyed dev, voice mail, and NexTel's unique direct connect, two-way radio feature.
Whether it's one phone or a thousand phones or a zillion, take it from me in our very own starting quarterback,
you're very own starting, when I'm mind, oh, don't be putting words in my mouth, I'm a Patriots fan, okay?
And we want a Super Bowl, by the way, I just mentioned that in passing.
You're starting quarterback with a big ears, Jay Feedler, who's the spokesman.
He's a spokesman for everything including big ears.
Celtech communications, your authorized NexTel representative, it's the only way to go.
Call 1-800-SELTech-2 today and get connected. That's 1-800-C-E-L-T-E-C and the number 2.
Celtech communications keeping-
The rocket is a night from Korsfield and Colorado.
Covered starts at 8-30 on St. George, radio 5-16-E-Q-A-M.
St. George, radio is what the Q-4 Q-A-M.
Thank you, thank you.
This is a special night for me for a lot of reasons. Janet Reno is here.
I just love this guy.
Now, some of you might think I've been busy writing my memoirs.
I'm not concerned about my memoirs, I'm concerned about my resume.
And they tell me I have to use the active voice with a resume.
You know, things like commanded U.S. armed forces.
Serve three terms as President.
Everybody in Bellish is a little.
Design, built and painted bridge to 21st century.
Generated, attracted, heightened and maintained controversy.
Supervised vice-presidents invention of the Internet.
But being realistic, I would consider an executive position with another country.
You like me, you really like me.
We like it, all the Robert don't like you, but he's a sourpuss.
1018 at 560 WQ-A-M.
I guarantee you've Clinton had a show on TV.
I don't care what he did on there, no matter what he did.
If he just sat there and picked his nose or showed naked pictures of Jennifer Flowers,
it'd get a 90-shear easy.
But if he said pictures of his daughter.
No, we don't want to see his daughter.
When I heard Hank that day calling the whole staff to ask if she's a sex symbol,
I just about lost my lunch because I already eaten by that point.
In fact, that would be a good poll to take.
Who's the hotter sex symbol?
Chelsea Clinton or Maria Bartiromo or maybe Amy Carter?
Huh?
Or Miss Lillian.
Miss Lillian or sister Teresa, even then, you know,
probably don't look too good right now, but she never did.
Sex symbol, my ass.
In fact, my ass is lovelier than Chelsea.
Anyway, here's number 43 on our list, the Untouchables.
Okay.
How could we have left that off there?
We're a space cadets?
With a great Robert Stack?
Well, we're having a difficult time.
You know, when you get down to the try to fill out the second 50,
we're having a really tough time.
Here's a good one, candid camera and the daughter 98 beauty show.
Yeah.
With Rep Taylor.
Can you answer me one question?
All right.
How come it seems that it was always obligatory
for almost every quiz show that had like a panel of celebrities.
There always had to be a bunch of fags on there.
Can you explain to me like what that's all about?
Part of the formula.
I mean, like Dom Delewies and Charles Nelson Rally and Paul Lind and the Riptender.
Delewies and JP Morgan, that deck that used to be on the Gong show and...
Man, always had to be like obligatory queens on those shows.
I think you just buy Osmosis.
And how about the new Hollywood squares with that blonde-headed Wig,
the Bruce Veele Ranch from the advocate?
Ah, that's the leo-troll.
The unfunniest person in humanity.
Right.
That's right.
Next to a watcher name.
They just quit the show.
Could it whoopi, making whoopi?
Anyway, here's one real sex on HBO.
No.
Conan O'Brien show.
No.
Chris Rock show.
No.
And the first principal here.
No!
Did they try to spoil my day because the Leafs shut out out of one of the series again last night.
Three nothing with their big balls, but they can't do it.
Can't do it.
I can't spoil my party.
And you got some great shows for you if you want to hear us.
Okay.
Have a Riley factor.
No.
Keep going.
He's got a bunch.
I'm sure.
Crossfire?
No.
He only wants to part with Bob Novak on.
And the Tucker Carlson was little bow tie.
Come on.
You got more.
In fact, I hear that Robert Scott blow up the dollar bill Tore because he likes guys with bow ties.
Anyway, go ahead.
Meet the press.
Now, meet the press.
You know something.
That's a good one.
I like it.
I don't like Tim Russell.
He makes me sick to my stomach.
I can't stand him.
I like it.
But it's been on.
First of all, it's the longest running regular show on TV.
You do realize that, don't you?
No, I don't.
In the U.S.
The longest running show in history.
I'd mentioned this yesterday, but I'm sure you were paying no attention.
The longest running show in the history of North America.
Huh?
What did you say?
It's hockey.
Hockey night in Canada.
Yes, that is not a new.
I think that's hard.
Yeah.
So meet the press.
It's on your number 44.
Going back with the.
What was his name?
Lauren Spivak.
And then they had that Bill Monroe who had that heavy and winged relax.
You say a fashion about.
He couldn't say the word abortion.
And he still was on the area.
See, one thing about network TV.
They don't care whether you can speak right or not, which is why Bobo Walters is on there.
And Tom Bokka and those people.
Oh, speaking of Tom Broca, you know, in all deference to Rick and Sudge, you know,
I never ever played a Tom Broca bits on these discs, right?
Always cross him right out immediately.
But once in a great while.
And I do sometimes listen to him just to see if there's something worthwhile.
I'm Tom Broca.
It's a light on the NBC nightly news.
The Reverend Thomas Crandall drew four years in the clink due to penance for distributing
nothing fetamines and ecstasy from his Florida rectory.
The Pope was said to be relieved.
He was only dealing drugs.
I'm Tom Broca.
Yeah, and that cute.
We'll see it tonight.
See, that was the Morth plan.
Anyway, here's the fact that this is how about F-True?
No.
Rad patrol.
No.
Fabulous best.
No.
And leave it in her beaver.
Well, leave it to beaver was number 11.
Wasn't it, unless we had yesterday in a survey that didn't even survive the cut?
Huh?
Or it had 11 votes, I mean.
What, I put that.
I got it right here.
I got it right in front of me.
I have time to wait for you to do the right.
You two, you two disorganize.
As a matter of fact, I think, call me crazy like the guy says, in that Wendy spot.
But I think this morning at the end of Mosho, I think I heard my name mentioned.
Just the first name, but I think after Neil, it's, didn't you hear that?
Yes.
I think we're starting to like make a little bit of headway there.
In fact, I don't think he dislikes me.
I think he hates you is what it really boils down to.
I think you're right.
Yeah.
I think he loves me.
I think he really understands you know, two old Jewish guys with no hair.
I think he gets it.
But I just think he's got a bug up.
Maybe just this like little specs that could be it.
Wouldn't be the first time.
Because I heard my name on the Mosho this morning.
Let's hear it.
Oh!
Now, even took that one bit and I was going to play it and I put it away.
Did you show you how easy I am?
Well, see, I don't want to like, I don't want to be the one who gets the blame.
See, for like, you follow what I'm saying?
No, that's my job.
Right.
It's your just fault.
So I don't want to play that bit, at least not till next week.
Or the week after I guess, after I come back from vacation.
He can handle it.
He can handle it.
He'll deal with it.
We'll loosen him up a little bit, old Moe.
You mark my words.
Now, in your case, forget about it.
Your bonus is helping.
Join, although I think maybe Moe will come up.
He'd like to make an appearance with you and Miguel.
Tonight would be good.
No, join George Saturday, two to four at Fort Lauderdale, Harley Davidson.
What a big sale is going on with free Harley Reynolds, this for stopping in, two to four this Saturday.
Just south of Oakland Park, Boulevard, Federal Highway, and forget the other freebie spots in our PD Linear.
You're not getting them.
You jackball, you you silly person.
I was talking about the Treasure Island appearance that we totally forgot to tell you about today.
Well, how many promos can I read on here for Christ's sake?
First of all, it's too much reading already that I do on a show, number one and number two.
It's going to take a half to show.
So, for semi-whole bunch of them.
Okay.
Five to seven.
We'll give them a lap dance.
We'll have somebody do that, obviously.
I see.
Or maybe Fat Boy can do it.
He likes our sales department a lot.
Maybe Fat Boy can give Moe.
That was low.
That was a low blow Moe.
I take it back.
Nobody wants to be that close to the Fat Boy.
In fact, nobody could get that close to Fat Boy.
Anyway, Joe and Mark are waiting for you, Duncan Donuts.
Now, do we hear from them when they go out on these kind of like marginal ones like this or not?
Sometimes we do, but today we did not.
We did not hear.
Maybe they're eating a lot of free donuts.
Maybe they're eating those, whatever those were, those short stacks.
Oh, I think it's the bull days, right?
That was good stuff back before.
Defocus those guys off from Duncan Donuts used to bring us every Friday.
Friday morning like clockwork.
Sausage and cheese melted on there.
And I had mine without the bagels, so I didn't have to have any carbohydrates.
And it was delicious.
And the cheese was just the right consistency like stuck to your teeth.
It was great.
How about your Robert members, those Duncan Donuts mornings?
Yes, I do.
Now, do you know the real story?
I say, I don't want to put you in the middle of anything because you're just there today like helping us out.
But I mean, do you remember the real story of why they stopped showing up?
No, it's just all of a sudden that Joe and Steve were just gone.
Yeah.
See, nobody really knows the real story, but the rumor around a building because there are a few rumors around our building every now and then.
Was that the default did something like piss them off, you know?
But there were coming from a beach, so you know, that's a long way.
Yeah, they were coming from a long ways away, but that wasn't the real reason.
Because they loved us.
They loved the entire station.
They loved everybody.
Even guilty.
1026 at 560.
Did I mention the thing about the guilty in the stink finger at this morning or not?
No, no.
I'll say that for a couple weeks from now.
1026 at 560 WQM.
Hey, if your hair is vanished, you can walk around looking like Bob Eisenberg or Sam Donaldson, either of the above and people would laugh their ass.
They'd be falling on the floor and you think they tripped and fell like tabatown passions.
But believe me, they didn't trip.
They're just falling down from laughter because you look like a silly goose with those bad pieces on your head.
If you want to look natural, then Charles Alfieri's natural iron system is the only way to go.
It provides sensational results for all you guys out there at no price in the world.
Can you get a better looking head of hair?
So if the big bald spot is then the evil number on your head, get the hair back from Chuck Alfieri, who's been doing it right for people like you.
And for multi-millionaires too, for over 25 years, the reason the rich people go to Charlie too is because no matter how much money they got,
they can't get a better looking head of hair, nowhere.
And if you mention your rarges when you call, Charlie will knock 200 bucks off the regular price as well.
So what do you got to lose but that big ugly growing bald spot?
Call today tool free and they'll give you free consultation and show you just how much better and younger Charlie can help you look.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-2413 or log onto their website for more info.
I heard a APD but wants him in the hot seat.
Bet like OJ Hill repeat.
I did no wrong.
Hey, oh you put this on.
Oh you play in the pond.
Like the rabbit jet when the show was on.
Hey, what do you know?
Hey come on.
Did you bring the helper by the phone?
Are you the innocent or the guilty one?
Hemp 3-1-560 WQM.
We have a difficult getting the last six of our lists.
We got to have 50 for today.
We don't really have to have.
We can close it out now.
How about if we just take a few calls?
Okay.
Just put them on hold, Robert.
You don't even have to talk to them.
Just put them on hold.
5-670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And for RISE9 there must be some obvious choices that were missing out.
Because we've got 44.
We had 50 yesterday of which we'll take the top 25.
And then we're going to have another 50 today, hopefully, if anybody comes through for us.
And it will take the top 25 from that.
And then tomorrow we'll put on those 15.
And we'll come up with our top 20 TV shows of all time.
And then we won't do this again until the next time.
Until somebody else does it.
TV Guide by the way, there are listers.
There are readers who have an LAR.
They still say bonanzas.
Anybody agree with that?
No.
I don't get that.
I mean bonanza was a fine show.
It was okay.
But like we said yesterday, if you like bonanza, what's wrong with the Walton's?
What's wrong with Apple's way?
What's wrong with the other 80 million shows of the same genre?
Even though Michael, what's his name?
What's his name?
Was it Autumn?
Landed.
Gunsmoke.
Gunsmoke was a different...
Gunsmoke was more like a shoot-em-up.
But Anza wasn't as much of a shoot-em-up show, was it?
They had some shoot-em-ups, but no.
It was more soap opera.
E.
Yeah.
It was more schmaltzy.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hey, does that sound just like you, yes, sir?
Oh, what about Kung Fu?
Yeah, I like Kung Fu.
I love that show.
The answer is no.
How about Fung Yu, huh?
I thought you were the one that always liked the chinks.
Well, what does that have to do with it being one of the...
That was the best show in history of television.
That's a candidate for the best show in TV.
I think it's time to burn your TV, said George,
and I'm starting to think that Mo may have a point.
Kung Fu, my ass.
I think maybe you're going to work with what's his name again.
I can't...
Can I never pat Marita?
Is that his name?
He does karate, yes, but that's his name.
Yeah.
So anyway, we found out that Ralph Macho got married
when he was eight years old.
The girl he married was like six years old, something like that.
I don't believe that 26 crap.
He wasn't 26 when he got married.
He just...
He gets on my nerves that kid.
He just bugs me a lot.
In fact, that's...
Talk about type cast.
That's the only thing he should have ever been.
And was that Kung Fu crap?
With the pat Marita.
What was the name of that?
The karate kid.
Karate kid.
The karate kid, curry.
And by the way, I think that Mike Disney's got a point about how...
How old do you have to be before they stop calling your kid, you know?
And does a 70-year-old guy really know the taste of young people who want to hear music?
I don't think so.
Maybe that's the problem down there at power.
Not that I want to rub salt in their wounds, but I guess I will anyway.
Being the prick that I am.
Try to give you all that good music kid.
Try to give you all that good music year and a half ago, two years ago.
You could have just pulled a cover right out under from those cops people.
You could have like beaten him right to the punch.
Did you do it?
No.
No, didn't do it.
Wouldn't know it hit song if you're stuffed it up his ass.
What ever happened to that little punky rock group they put together?
Won't hear from them no more.
Something real suspicious about that whole deal.
But don't put it on an Appster George, whatever you do.
I won't put one on it still on there. WQAM.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
I've been out of the car for a while.
You know what I was doing with the outer limits?
Because you had a rock dough and you know, yesterday, but the outer limits...
Yeah, we hit twilight zone.
I think...
Didn't we put it on there outer limits?
No, the one that's...
Not on yesterday list.
Yesterday was it.
Well, it's on today.
I just wrote it down.
But on a fairly still number one, so it don't really matter.
Now, that matters just to fill out the list.
We need some help.
Thanks a lot pal.
We need your help.
Like Shula would say.
A lot.
Outer limits number 45.
Now it's getting out of the digritty.
Now just five more, huh?
Now it's down to only five.
Iron side 34.
The price is right 35.
And again, these numbers just are in terms of filling out the list.
West Wing, Smallville, the FBI.
Superman.
Streets of San Francisco.
Wheel of Fortune.
Family.
The Untouchables.
Meat Depressed.
And Outer Limits.
Yeah, I thought I'd meat the press this morning, and then I thought, ah, you know, Laurence
Speevak, Tim Russell.
Sometimes that show is in a fashion.
Bill Monroe.
I bet you only want to remember Bill Monroe.
Maybe Volka Brian, because he remembers all those old turds that nobody else knows about.
WQAM, hello.
Maddy Kong.
Yeah, back to you.
WQAM.
Neil.
Let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yeah, let's put that on the list.
Yes, sir.
Can't believe nobody has mentioned Mighty Python flying circus.
Yeah, that's a good one.
Why the hell not?
I mean, and I also faulty towers.
I guess follow that as well.
No, no, thank you.
Quit wide your head.
Or did he have his radio upper?
Was that my imagination?
He was really low.
We had to crank him up on this end.
It was a disaster.
Yeah, but he came up with a good show.
I agree.
Mighty Python's flying circus.
See, a lot of these last time we did this
and it wasn't exactly the same way, the same guy.
But wasn't that long ago?
A few months ago we did something like this.
And didn't we leave them out?
No, that was for the best comedy show.
Remember that we did the best comedy show.
Right.
We left them off because we figured that was a British thing.
But it was on PBS.
And what the hell?
What's wrong with PBS?
What about Mary Harmon, Mary Harmon?
No, no.
I just did joke.
Because this guy wanted faulty towers.
No, I don't think so.
But my mighty Python was great.
Thank you so much.
So that's 47.
We only have three to go.
I will have those rounded out in like a couple of minutes
and then we can put it on there
and then you can vote to your hearts content.
And it will prove absolutely nothing.
It will prove what a great way to kill two days.
Thanks a lot, Hank and Mo.
Because if it wasn't for Hank and Mo,
I never would look down the TV God website
because I didn't know about that TV show tonight.
Did you?
No, we had nobody to know about it.
So needless to say, I didn't see it.
And even if I would have seen it,
I wouldn't have watched it anyway if I'd have seen it.
And I did miss small veil last night because of the hockey game.
But the good news is it's on.
It's on global tonight.
Just relax.
I'll be watching it tonight.
8 p.m. on global.
So calm down.
Did you see it?
Yeah, I saw it.
Actually had a good ending.
I thought.
I always thought that Tom Wolling has a good ending.
A good end.
Well, that show always has a good ending.
It's not like a lot of movies that you watch.
In fact, you know something and Justice for All,
which I told you yesterday I saw again.
Yes.
The ending for that is totally unsatisfactory.
Not that there would be any satisfactory ending
after that wild courtroom scene.
But it's unacceptable.
And he's just kind of like sitting there
like all scrunched up, you know.
And that was the one where he should have had an orange in his hand.
Or at least at least at 10,
you're in.
Yeah, that would have been good.
Some orange people.
I thought it would have been good.
Yeah.
20 before 11 at 5 p.m.
And he could have started throwing the rest of those dishes
that were left over from his vault hit a geek partner.
20 before the hour at 5.60 WQM.
Of course, when you start throwing a lot of crap around it
makes your carpets a real mess.
You know, there are a lot of people out there who let's face it.
There's slabs.
But if you want to have your guest feel,
like you're like a real mench,
if you want them to think you're really a good housekeeper,
then call drug concepts.
They'll do the housekeeping for you.
Especially now when a lot of people are doing their spring cleaning up
and trying to make their house look respectable after all those big holidays,
the answer is,
dry concepts, they come into your home and they dry clean your carpets,
the same way a dry cleaner does to your clothing,
which sucks out even the deep-down dirt way in there
in the fibers of your carpets,
which makes them look just like brand spank and new,
makes them smell a little fresh and last a lot longer and stay cleaner longer too.
I've been using them for years and I guarantee you'll thank me.
You'll get down on your hands and knees and kiss my little toes
and my feet are lovely, by the way.
You'll kiss my feet for a turn your on the dry concepts
because you're the best in the business.
Don't be fooled by those 599 specials that you leave your carpets soaked for days on end,
because when dry concepts does the work they give you a written guaranteed price upfront,
no scams, no tack-ons, no bait-and-swish,
and your carpets are drying just a couple hours after they've finished a job,
you're ready to rock and roll in no time at all.
So, treat yourself and your carpets to a spring cleaning two-day
in Broward County called dry concepts at 9.5.4,
370-778,
9.5.4, 370-778,
and date in Palm Beach column tool 3,
1-800-248-5071,
1-800-248-5071,
clean today you can entertain it up.
Fight, they're my nationality.
We'd like to tell you on sports radio 5-6-8.
It's you, AF.
Hey, it's Howard.
Howard David.
Rosey's girlfriend's gonna have a baby.
All right.
I guess we'll be left to wonder.
Blue got hired for the job.
Was poor Kelly laying under.
Stop one famous or an obscure total slot.
Have you heard,
Rosey's girlfriend's gonna have a baby.
Squirt, squirt.
The couple just got their son and grandson.
It may grow into a pretty lady.
But for now, it still looks just like a candy.
10.4.7 at 5.6.
They're disgusting thought by the way, nauseating.
Anyway, join George McGellen Booker, Brian.
I was George who was babbling over the spot there and I was trying to do, you know,
the wrong spot again.
I can't help it if they keep running the wrong spot for treasure islands.
Probably Fat Boys fall.
Anyway, join all of these people.
Five to seven today at Treasure Island just north of the 120 Second Street exit right off the pole.
Metal to have a crappy bunch of prizes.
But adult star Elizabeth Hilden will be performing and she'll be popping all kinds of stuff out of her neck.
And other orphuses as well.
Ping pong balls, volleyball balls.
I don't think that's her act.
She's gonna melt the bones.
I'm looking for a way.
I'm looking for a way.
She's gonna be doing there.
I'm just trying to spice it up a little for you.
Okay.
That's five to seven today.
George McGellen Booker, Brian at Treasure Island.
And Fat Boy will be there too.
Looking for a hand job or something.
Speaking of that,
Sion Margate with the cross-defects here,
which I'm not really sure I understand.
Early when the show says you were making fun of overweight women sitting around and watching.
Oprah.
It says, well, do you know the difference between overweight women sitting around watching.
Oprah and an overweight radio talk show queen about four inches.
Huh?
Yeah, that's what my thoughts.
In other words, the overweight women who are sitting around watching.
Oprah.
I guess they have a penis.
So, you know, my penis envy kicks in our side.
Get a life of face sweetheart.
Always like your restaurant though.
Somebody suggests land of the giant.
Where I listen, I say no.
You know this fact, I think we had this once before,
but now the timing is great.
Hot air on Wall Street by there from the Tom Payne website.
I think I'm going to read this.
It's going to take a long time.
It's going to take a long time.
A lot of that ponderous reading, but it's right on target.
And you know the thing that amazes me.
It's time.
I was thinking about this yesterday when I was watching Maria there hyperventilating.
Well, it's very moderate, very moderate the trading.
And very moderate number of share.
Up your ass, bitch.
By the way, the Dow's didn't ask actually down one point.
I think it's going to turn around and go up today.
And the Dow's not coming to me too.
Yeah, oh please is right.
What are you old pleasing about?
Okay, I got to hear you.
I got to hear you.
The sense you lost in a crutches, the crappy little penny stocks you bought.
Right.
Every little bit of hot.
And I think the audience should know this.
That during the time when I was really like losing my ass,
thanks to my church.
And when everything was taken a humongous tumble,
and I was in there like kind of helpless and wondering what that was going on.
Every morning, this little pudwacker would come in there
and go on my website on my computer,
and pay it for with my own money.
And look up his little chart on there, his own little portfolio.
Oh, TMAD, two cents and this one.
And I'm sitting there.
I lost 85,000 yesterday.
And a market style, you know, all that crap.
Everything is relative.
I understand.
Right.
So maybe two cents a month.
Get the money from your relatives and get out of my face.
So anyway, George and the Miguel and all those people are going to be a treasure island.
I got so many goddamn promos here.
You know, I've got a very limited amount of room.
You'd be impressed with what this studio looks like.
It's a beautiful thing.
And new facts machines coming by the way.
After a memorial day.
And he liked that clearance game he little input on it.
You know, clearance is doing a pretty good job.
Yes he is.
In fact, no, clearance is doing an outstanding job.
I just want to say that.
I don't want to get muff all bent out of shape because he's on a well-deserved vacation.
But the fact of the matter is, if he doesn't hurry up and come back.
You know, it's not kind of like that Lou Gehrig thing, you know.
Hey, Wally, you know, you're glove.
Yeah, hey, Wally, Lou, me your glove.
Then of course, we never saw Wally anymore.
And now it's Lou Gehrig for the next 85,000 games.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I don't want to get aim by like nervous.
So let's see, we're up to number 47, which was Monty Python's flying circus.
We only need three more to fill out the list.
Let's do it fast.
QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did it in Richard Simmons, Halaltini, show?
Yeah.
How was the good one?
Yeah, okay, I'm glad you liked it.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, good morning.
How you doing?
Okay.
What about, oh, Rinton, Tin, K9 Cup?
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil.
Time tunnel.
Time tunnel.
Some other people suggested that too.
And you know what, the answer is still.
No!
Very mediocre show.
I mean, would you put that on there?
No, I would not.
Oh.
You know what I'm going to put on there,
which somebody suggested the other day,
which won't get a lot of votes,
because it never does, but I'll put on it.
Number 48, the prisoner.
Okay.
No, that deserves it.
I mean, it's sure no time tunnel, but the prisoner sure
a lot better than many, many of the shows on this TV
guide list.
Oh, some of the shows on there,
enough to make you scream, Dick Van Dyke show,
Nightline, the Today Show American family,
which nobody, we have surveyed the entire country,
also here in Canada, north of the border.
And there isn't anybody who knows what American family
is or was or wants to be.
We have no idea what that is.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Do you have any advice on there?
Yes, we do.
How did that happen?
By the way, 30 votes.
30 votes?
30.
30.
It did very well.
Go ahead.
How about Hawaii 5-0?
You got it.
It's on there.
Is it on there?
Yes, sir.
Well, have a great day.
And thank you, too.
Thanks for two good choices, but they're both on it.
How did Hawaii 5-0 do?
It got 9-9.
Did Hawaii got 9?
Well, I'll be dead.
Yes, and no robber was going to be working today.
I only got 9.
But it still made the cut, though, didn't it?
It's a dead.
Good.
Good for them, because that's a great show.
So let's see, the prisoners number 48, we need just two more.
Come on, let's get with it here.
We've only got another couple of minutes,
and then he's got a fact-delisted Eric,
and we've got to have this thing up there by 11 o'clock,
and which now there's no chance.
You watch.
You'd be, well, between his 14 lunches
and now the fact that it's almost 11 already.
It takes a little while to get these real long ones on there.
WQAM.
Matt Lock.
Matt Lock.
I don't get a lot of votes in South Korea.
How could we have forgotten Matt Lock?
You say no?
No, I said yes.
Matt Lock.
How could we have left that off for all the people
in Cemetery Village and Winmore just jumped up?
Well, you didn't jump up.
They like crawl off the sofa,
and crisp their way over to the computer
so they can get ready to vote.
Matt Lock.
Very big in Cemetery Village in Palm Air,
and Winrow.
What's the other one?
Winmore.
And probably also with the Stirling Hills of Courage Hills there.
Stirling Hills.
Sorry, Ma.
WQAM.
That's a nail.
Yes, sir.
We need one more.
What is it?
You need it.
Could you understand what he was doing?
Yeah, we forgot to put that one on there.
WQAM.
And here I got your one for you from PBS Doctor Who.
And are you being served?
Doctor Who and are you being served?
No.
We need one more.
It'll be number 50.
It'll be around out of the way.
