We're number one, dammit!
He was America's golden boy.
The one who could have been, but never was, and really didn't want to.
Oliver Stone brings to the screen the tragedy that shocked the nation.
J.F.K. Julia, starring Will Smith.
Yo!
J.F.K. Julia, J.F.K. Julia, J.F.K. Julia, J.F.K. Julia, J.F.K. Julia, J.F.K. Julia, J.F.K. Julia, J.F.K.
Julia, J.F.K. Julia, J.F.K. Julia, J.F.K. Julia, J.F.K. Julia, J.F.K. Julia, J.F.K. Julia, J.F.K. Julia.
J.F.K. Junior Yo
J.F.K. Junior Yo
J.F.K. Junior Yo
J.F.K. Junior Yo
J.F.K. Junior
Also starring Yo Peshki
He was an enigma
He was like a...
A stores its back in a...
A cock of it
Alright, then what happened to a f***ing wife
Hey we're all fake a team
We're all fake a team
We're all fake a team
You'll watch it
Alluring into a theater near you
The one with the lights on
You know, so you can see that
Yo, check it out
I'll tell you one thing if he walked into the door right now
And you know the ghost of J.F.K. Junior walked into the door right now
And I'll try to shake my hand
I would do just like that guy did with Cardinal on
Whatever the hell was Friday
By the way he's still giving more depositions today
But anyway the guy refused to shake his hand
He stuck it out and he refused to shake it
That's a good message for all your kids out there
If the priest sticks it out, don't shake it
The message of our show today is...
Have our buries got a huge pair of stunk
But anyway the message...
I guess he would know
He's always been sniffing around
The message of today's show is people with a big pier
Like those maple leaves baby
He already got two hockey facts
How do you like that?
We'll get to that
Well this town and after being psychotic Friday
With that non-call, that grotesque non-call
And the dirty hit from behind by Daniel Alphardson on Darcy Tucker
Which it was, hit from behind two minutes
Did they call it? No
And then a guy who did the Alphardson who does the penalty
Doesn't give a call, he waltzes in all alone
Uncovered and scores the goal, it wins the game
Nice going boys, Rob Shch
Oh shick, I almost said it
Ooh, and Stevie Wacom
They suck, but anyway the leaves are
Just bruised and bloodied and injured and all
Like a minor league team
Half of the team is from San John's man
And they still kicked it last night right there in Ottawa
So last night about 10-15 all over this city
The horns were honking and were honking
And were honking all over the place
Just to go and nuts, you'd have thought they already won the cup
And anyway I know George is excited about that
Let's do a hockey show
Alright, not call it right now
Yeah, alright
Call Rimmer and tell them they stunk
1283 votes on our survey
Well they're not really votes
Well it's more than that now but
See I don't have time to dittle with that when they put these last minute things on there
Which are you we asked
Because naturally, now who was it that fact is that 800 paid sting that you faxed me on Friday
Like some puts
Yeah, some puts
About all these different studies
How can you study something when everybody's in a closet most people lie about it anyway
So just as kind of an out on this pool
I you know gave a couple of gag choices there which run over very well
They like gagging it
Which are you exclusively heterosexual
790 which came up to 61.6%
Just horny
Test horny 282
22%
Exclusively homosexual 85
6.6%
Desperate 66
Desperate and honest 5.1%
And bisexual 64.6%
Now some people would say well that doesn't mean anything because you put the that's the idea see that gives everybody an out
We don't know and we don't care but it was kind of fun. We had a lot of people logging on it
Which was a lovely thing
So here's a couple of quick faxes here
About my maple leaves
As we continued tomorrow night meant now tomorrow is going to be real dilemma you know why
Why? Oh tomorrow's aim 7 of that series
And also tomorrow's Tuesday night smallville
So being the emotional coward that I am
I've already if Pete Lenny has sent me another god damn oh Jesus Christ. Oh
PD Lenny go away okay
PD Lenny good don't ever give the sls people this fax number again
Okay, this man is is like a gigantic tumor on my brain
PD Lenny go away PD go go to the airport with Dion Warwick get lost get out of my face
Go have a date with Mohawar's wig just get out of here
Anyway here's two faxes
Neil what a game absolute heart and grit that's what we saw in the ice last night this team is like an old truck driving down the road
Miss firing and parts coming off but just keeps running
There's a game 7 baby see a Tuesday down the cbc go least go
Absolutely correct that's her man
Oh!
Gary Roberts and Alan McCulley and all those other glam
Yes so tomorrow got that of course it's very easy for me being emotionally like I started to say cripple
I'm what I'll do is I'll tape the game have it on in the living room
And then I go in my bedroom and close the door so I can't hear it and I'll watch smallville see what I'm saying yeah that's good idea
So that way there's no stress
And then I come back out and hope for the best now I'm a basket case I can't handle all the pressure another game 7
Two straight series with a game 7 by the way the real story corner the Toronto Sun about why
Chuck Fletcher got candy as the GM of the Panthers the real story which evidently down there
They don't have and even if they did Geldie probably wouldn't do it because he's sucking around the organization
Because he wants a jigsmagnonal job but anyway the real story is quite of the Sun that they offered Chuck they made him an offer he could refuse
They offered Chuck Fletcher 400 grand to stay on his permanent GM and he said no that's not enough money and he said oh okay well have a good life
And Rick Dudley who was waiting in the wings my keen and old buddy they said hey come on in Rick he'll work cheap
And of course based on what he accomplished is caretaker and auto offered two years and is like Tampa like they wanted him out in Tampa
So I don't want to like predict any bad things but the organization once again is search selling you short drift how would that goes
Here's another hockey facts how do you like that to get started to blow the whole audience off that's okay I don't care it's that time of the year
Oh and speaking of sports by the way what a joke
Now I already asked George before the show but you know George sometimes he lies a lot because he's a troublemaker
So I asked Miguel did it rain there yesterday?
Little bit
Well now what what kind of an answer is that for like five minutes of rain in my house oh
In other words it wasn't one of those gray nasty rainy days it was hot yeah it was very hot very hot very sunny a beautiful day to be at the old ballpark
The South Florida baseball team which they keep talking about
On this radio station like somebody cares when every year I have to go through the same thing because it frost my ass
Talk about beating a dead horse
Nobody cares
For the Dodgers big three game series with those big pitching matchups they had 12,953 on a Friday a big 19,000
767 on Saturday the second biggest crowd of the season and yesterday the first place South Florida baseball team first place
They wound up winning in a smashing victory yesterday 11 to 3 6 out of 7 they will now what do you think the attendance was have you looked?
I looked no I'm talking to Miguel. He's a big baseball his father loves the South Florida baseball team I didn't catch the crowd
No, you didn't catch it you could have caught it in a butterfly net
7,930 people was Mother's Day
Oh, that's right it was Mother's Day now Montreal of course was the lowest in the majors
But they had the Canadians were playing or supposed to play against Carolina
But they failed to show up after
After their coats blew that game to the night, but anyway Montreal 55 28 the South Florida baseball team
39 30 and even the West Florida they devil raised the Tampa devil raised 10,264
So the South Florida baseball team continues to have these second worst attendance all the major leagues a disgrace a non viable franchise
Bap-bap-bap, they're young. They're exciting their first place nobody cares bulletin nobody cares
Here's another fact that says even with a bad knee Stevie isamans better than most players and you are absolutely
Correct, so although I must say this in all the fences Stevie like BM once told me good old Brian Murray
At that dinner that I bought for him and Rimmer
Like old BM once said to me it's too bad that Stevie's too small to ever be a great player nice gone air BM
And are you a jackass is he an asshole or what no? Oh, that's right. He's a genius. I forgot all the memories are geniuses and and vote I too
Anyway, it goes on to say it's BS. They say he intentionally hurt Chris prongard
You notice that with all the black people in Detroit there wasn't one of the stands. That's correct
Nine players over 35 years old are still kicking ass. Go Leafs go. We got him now
There you go two hockey fans to get us started all ready today
Oh, it's about time. It's a boot time is what I would say
I think they're still hunking horns out here. They're just going nuts and rightfully so big balls
That's what I'm talking about today like the maple leaves have got
Big balls what what was that horns honking and
crap are you starting with your honky crap again? Oh
And today I'm going to give the audience the poll question they've been waiting for I said I wasn't going to do this
But I also said I wasn't going to take any calls and I did do it a week ago Friday and you know was it was
What did it amount to P hole in the snow, you know didn't amount to too much
But I'm going to give them the opportunity that they've been waiting for and not that I'm going to necessarily pay attention
The response but I might you never know that's always keep them dangling out there keep them on the hook
Keep them twisting in the wind
Here's our pull question you ready Eric? No come on put down the goddamn my Ruben sandwich
A lot of people would say it's only a nine o'clock in the morning who the hell's eaten a Ruben sandwich at this time in the morning the answer is Eric
What are you dislike most about Neil show don't you think that's a simulating pull wow
And wait till you're all the choices I've got
What do you dislike my when I forgot to put George in there?
Now he's got enough problems, okay, that should be the problem
I guess his problems are over now that he and Greg bonded last Thursday had a wonderful
They kissed and made up they they did high fives they did the fist routine
I don't want to tell you where they put each other's fist, but it was exciting it was emotional is what I'm hearing
What do you dislike most about Neil show no phone calls
Too much reading
Don't like the tone
Nothing it's fine. What does that mean the tone wait when you shut up see I've got to put you on here if you don't stop
I've got a whole long list here
Let me go back to the start again poor Eric. He's trying to get these into it. That you're getting starting to get just like JD
John Davidson hey, by the way JD who says that it was illegal hit by Alfred's in Friday night
You're full of crap JD you're a good guy and I like you, but you talk way too much in your full of crap other than that
Gonna make you go on to make you a lop without straking what an asshole anyway
What do you dislike most about Neil show no phone calls too much reading don't like the tone tone and capital letters by the way
Nothing it's fine nothing I like it better than ever too many a priest stories too many comedy bits or not enough comedy bits
There's two four six eight great choices there
What do I do good pull or what I've done even on the worst days on this show and they're been a few
But I do a pull like nobody has ever done a pull
In fact, I keep running around downtown same boy. Do I do good pull and they all run a scatter
Nice going mark hall by the way
Bicking a downtown Toronto Saturday all the queens had a big
Festive thing out there on a corner of church and wellesley right in the heart of Toronto's gay district
Which covers about three million people but nevertheless
For mark hall the kid that I've been telling all those stories about look at that
There's another kid with big balls a big pair blue hair and a big pair
Kind of like South Florida
In fact, maybe marks getting ready for South Florida if you have blue hair when you're that age you
You can be ready for cemetery village in no time you can move into bokeh with some folks we know
12 minutes after nine at five sixty WQM on a great Monday. It's drizzly
It's kind of cloudy and murky here and you know what no complaints
How'd you like to have a big one a big impressive worthwhile paycheck?
Well, everybody in their right mind wants to earn some serious cash if you do then call fast rank because they can help you achieve that new career
In just four short months. That's right
You can double the size of that paycheck of yours by becoming a computer professional
And you can do all of these things before the summer's over
Fast-trained offers Microsoft certified instructors no payments for a four-year job placement assistance
Staying in even classes before convenient locations and datebroward
Including the new kindle campus. There's no excuse
So-called fast-trained at 866 fast-trained now or check out fast train on the web at fasttrained.com
They can have you certified and ready like I said only moments ago for a great new career a money-making career
It has a little is four months so call them today because nobody in their right mind should have to settle for a small puny
Embarrassing one a small paycheck call fast-trained toll-free right now. I'd to think it about it
They'll be happy to answer all your questions with absolutely no obligation call 1 866 fast train and don't forget all fast train locations our license by the state commission
And Rocky is a nice from course
He's a Colorado
Star's 830 on sports 205 16 Q a.m. Got it. It's all over baby for all you
Swink it as far as there's that
It's in the sea
I've already done ask wrong if they get you to say
You say the thing they'll send you to attempt to work
Unless you willing to take the chance I wouldn't try it. I think I'll pass don't dance
Don't dance
Don't do the mask today or what to see too or I thought you'll ask
I'm the whitebel
Ta la dancing here
That's it baby
Let me go, let me jam, I'll let you go to hell if not you go to hell
Gone as thunders, that's the end
And space will rise above your head
And the hookah, hookah got a new
Will rise as bad as last, they'll flame the roof load long
18 at 5.60 W.N.Q.A.M. By the way you're welcome, all my good friends
At the mommy hero, the ones who pretend they hate me like poison but listen religiously everyday like they're listening right now
You're welcome for that story about Al Goldstein
Saturday's hero, no less Saturday
Which was a day after it was like in all the New York papers of course
Although I, for example, let me give you an example
You know the Schwarzscher songwriter, what that was his name, Otis Blackwell?
Blackwell, yes
Yeah
His obituary was in the hero this weekend
Now we talked about it last the middle last week didn't we?
Yes we did
Well I mean you people at the herald I think basically the cut cost over there what they pretty much done is they just
They cancel the news wires and what they do is they just go online and steal stuff off of the newspapers
And they don't have much of a staff left so it takes them a few days to get to it anyway
Although they do have the big story about the Kevin Baxter
There's the one guy at the herald even though I'm never speaking to him again
Kevin Baxter's got this story about magic because of the changing their playlist
Finally after all these years it's about time Bob Hamilton
They've named a city on terrier after that guy such a schmuck Bob Hamilton what up puts
And also speaking to kid curry don't let me forget about that about Mike Disney picking on kid curry
Okay
The story that I told you to be for the show. I got so much crap man
Yeah, what kind of a guy who's like 60 years old calls himself kid?
That's my opinion. I'm Mike Disney. Yeah, well bug off
They're just ripping him an ass over here on PYM. I'm party radio in between the rodents after he duo
They're ripping him an ass a big fat old pimple ass and I thought I'm a squee had the big ass
Poor kids scurvy man that guy's got serious problems now over there at power
They've taken away all his audience. They're ripping him an ass and they're also running promos
speaking to people stealing stuff from me
Running promos about the fact that kid curry was offered all the music that the
The PYM is playing now with their big numbers and he turned it down in last year and a half and you know what that
Alligation is absolutely correct. That's right
That is correct
Wasn't good enough for power and now they're playing a music kicking his ass with it
So anyway getting back to what the story on Saturday's here. I'll porn mogul falls ill in court
this is this is
shameful
And you know the only reason they even bothered checking the daily news was because of the fact I talked about it here on a year
We talked about it at length remember both the story from the daily news in the post
Henri Pett and Smutsal the Zat Sound from meteor al Goldstein was rushed to a hospital
Which has pains after a judge sentenced him to 60 days in jail for harassing a former secretary with x-rated phone calls and letters the new
York daily news reports is there and it goes on to report the rest of the story verbatim from the daily news
Boy are you people kidding anybody or what no you're not well, I guess a few dumb people
I keep wasting their money on your paper. I do it only because I have to do this show
Although now that I get it online, I might have to cancel when I get back
Deon Warwick is I'm sure you already know and of course if she's a psychic
How come Miss Cleo gets it all at hot water and Deon Warwick never got thrown in the slam or whatever else, huh?
How come nobody said fake or fake or liar liar
Good, but she's a psychic she should have known that they were gonna find them joints Deon Warwick arrested for a marriage
Jeweanie possession in Miami
Sing around psychic friend Deon Warwick was arrested early yesterday morning when she tried to get through security at
MIA with 11 mirror Jeweanie cigarette stuffed inside a silver lipstick container. Dave County, Poli said
11 joints in the lipstick. I guess I guess that's conceivable, huh?
Must be a pretty big lipstick container
Or maybe they were like very small joints maybe like a pin joint like clearance Thomas likes to smoke
Warwick 61 to as homes in Brazil and New Jersey was headed to LA on American Airlines flight 906
But mr. Plane police said I can't imagine why
Bagged screeners have concourse D of the airport called polis when they saw his suspicious item inside her carry on bag
Poli said she was charged with possession of marijuana totaling less than five grams and released after she signed an affidavit
Promising to appear in court police said
Her sister D.D. Warwick who answered the phones that the families New Jersey home yesterday afternoon said she was shocked by the news
I'm sure Deon doesn't use drugs. She does not use drugs. I don't understand how to secure it
I think someone put that honor. It wasn't true. She said yeah, they planted them
Don't you think that's a viable story? They planted a joints in her lipstick case. Make sense to me
Maybe somebody packs her bags for her. I think she's been packing it
Warwick is one five Grammys the first in 1968 for you know the way to San Jose where they have really good weed
She holds a doctor in a master degree some hard hard college music and hard for big deal
She's also well known for being singer Whitney Houston's cousin. Did you know that?
Yes, I did I never I never knew that
Well, you see the connection now the drug connection between Whitney Houston and Deon Warwick you see that like
Birds of a feather
Smoke together
In fact, you probably got this stuff from George if you asked me was on a Sunday was on a weekend
He and doing much no appearances this weekend. She got the weed from George
Anyway, Whitney and pitch woman for now defunct psychic friends network did they ever uh they don't recall them ever given her any grief because of the fact that she's a fake
She's not any psychic
I don't know if she claimed to be or
A or the other schmucks that she had on her and those other damn broads yet on her they were about a psychic is my little dog
In fact, I'll guarantee and you know this for a fact
I'm a hell of a lot more psychic than any of them. Oh, yeah, you should start your own line
Now what's happening with your mic there that just cut out? I don't know
Are you having a problem with that switch again? Oh, and by the way, I just mentioned in case there's any program director in the building
But I doubted where case any engineers are in the building, but I doubted that um
I'm still waiting on this new fax machine up here. It's only three months later
I just mentioned that in passing because since I'm spending my own money for supplies
Which I have no problem with doing but I hate to go out and buy like a bunch of toner and stuff for this machine if it's gonna be gone
But I guess I'm stuck with it
What a what a place in 1985 she had a brief comeback with that's what friends are for some with Elton John's
Stevie Wonder Gladys knife which raised millions of dollars for AIDS research warwick is considered the first black female pop and soul singer to achieve international
Stardom
In other words, he was before your re-thra
Oh, yeah, all those
Hurt back-or-rack tunes that was before you re-thra are you sure? I'm gonna have to look it up and look it up
But I think so yeah, she was also the first black female performed appeared before the queen of England and a world command performance
How do you like that? She likes them queens?
Oh god reaching over for this big heavy book you have no idea
Now who am I looking for you re-thra Franklin
And yeah, of course it's this international
So no matter what I find in here, they're gonna give me crimp a wreath or Franklin's first big hit was
Never loved the man the way I love you
67 although she had rocked by your baby with the Dixie melody that she stole from Al Jolson in 61
Have you think the on warwick goes back that far? Yes
You do I do I think you're full of it myself
Of course, I thought that before you said that let's see don't make me over 63
Say yeah, you're right. Yeah, you're right
Your re-thra was still like fairly obscure until about 67 like I just said she was the first the on first international whatever
Bush Gardens Lion maim's worker do you see this grotesque story? Yes
They tamped Tribune reports of this way much better than the story that was in the Yokel papers a
350-pound African Lion ripped off the armor of a bush garden zookeeper yesterday while she was giving her family a private tour
Oh
Yeah, that makes it I mean I'm not gonna say it makes it worse
But you know what I'm getting choked up about makes it worse yeah, it does for the family right there
Disgusting the amusement park wouldn't release the name of the 21-year-old zookeeper was giving her parents her boyfriend
Oh and her and his parents a mother's date tour of the Lion's Night Quarter is near the edge of Africa attraction
The 145 PM accident didn't take place in front of guests
Officials still investigating say the zookeeper might have placed her hand between the metal bars of the cage
Possibly to feed the animal her right arm was severed near the elbow the woman was taken to him
Tampa general hospital in serious condition her severed arm was also taken to hospital
Bush Garden said the lion a 12-year-old named Max would not be euthanized Max has been a bush since 1997
Bush owns one other lion a female
So we're gonna save Max at least which is good news and that good news
Okay, sure here kitty kitty. Come on. He wasn't his fault
That's disgusting. Yeah, it takes your family her boyfriend his family her future in laws. Hey look what I can do
Yeah, and she said for Christ's I only have one arm see that's bad George
927 at 560 WQM the weather started to get so hot you could fry eggs on a sidewalk on your kneecaps
Summer storms and a possibility of hurricane soon follows this kind of whether you know get yourself prepared for a major storm
I discover what thousands of people have done to protect their homes call all weather systems
All weather systems has been in business for over 15 years
There were state licensed FEMA project impact contractor all weather systems
Curies the new state of the art shutterless impact resistant windows and French doors
No one's sightly or ugly shutters to ruin the look of your home and the convenience of not having to put up heavy
plywood or storm panels all weather systems offers you 100% unsecured bank financing with no payments for 90 days and payments
As low as just 69 bucks a month the impact resistant windows and French doors have insulated glass
Which saves you on energy reduces outside noises and the non-breakable glass helps keep out criminals and burglars too
All weather systems also manufacturers a full line of accordion style shutters
Electric roll-ups and hurricane panels as well
So give all other systems a call two day and save yourself the headache of putting up shutters
Protect your family from storms and crime and keep your house looking really beautiful energy efficient at the same time
Call all weather systems tool free. It's 1 800 728 5126
That's 1 800 728 5126 they provide home protection in the highest quality with service reliability and
Professionalism comparable to none
Call them today and be sure until the Neal tourney to call all weather systems 1 800 7
Meet it
Why don't you look reality sports ready?
No 560
2 AM
We the Congress in order to form a more right wing union established more roles and cut funding for public TV
Provide more money for our defense a barge pro-choice and welfare and a right to show the blessings of liberty
To ourselves and all those who agreed to our pain and demolish others left wing live
Lick me new. Yes, big an ooty. Just got divorced from a second wife nice going note. Oh, he's doing it
Remember the first wife of course who was dying from cancer in the hospital. He went. They took the divorce papers. They're for a design
I remember
Yeah, a lovely guy
Gay prom battle ends with a wall. See I talked about big balls. Here's a kid 17-year-old kid who's not only out of a closet
Got the balls for that, but I guess it's not that unusual especially here in canadae
Which is much more like light years more progressive than the u.s. of a which still is still living in a stone age with people like John
Askcraft etc
But nevertheless it still takes big balls to like take on a Catholic church
As if they don't have enough problems of their own
They dance the night away mark all the shy blue quatt 17-year-old Asha was student who wouldn't take no for an answer
When told he couldn't take his boyfriend it was high school prom one a major court victory for Catholic students on Friday
In a comprehensive and clear decision granting halls request for an injunction
Mr. Justice Robert McKinnon of the superior court of justice said a ban on same-sex dates that the prom was a clear violation
Of Hall's constitutional rights in order to the Durham Catholic District school board to allow hall and john Paul Dumont
21 to attend the dance which they did by the way and had a wonderful time a lovely time
School board chair Mary Ann Martin said while the board was extremely disappointed with the ruling
Hall in his date would be allowed to attend the prom if they wish and like I said they did and had a lovely time
While Hall's legal team said the ruling would set a precedent for gay and lesbian rights in the education system
Martin disagreed saying the ruling applied only to the prom
Can't have no fags in the church
Hahaha
It's okay to have a bunch of child molesting priests. That's okay
But we certainly and part of the whole argument here. This is the best. I don't know if it's in this story or not
Which I'm gonna go through but nevertheless
One of the representatives for the a Catholic school board said
That going to the prom was like an act of romance and therefore an act of romance was like
uh close to an act of sex
You're following all of these things yeah
And of course if the heterosexuals are going to the prom
I guess that's an active romance which also could be an active sex and since they weren't intended to make no babies
That would also be a mortal sin would it not I would think last time I checked with the father
The board will continue to apply the teachings of the Roman Catholic Church to school sponsored activities
She said both aboard and halls lawyers say they're ready to continue with the full trial down the issue and take it all away
The Supreme Court of Canada if necessary
Nice going air mark like I said a big pair
But for hall in his date last night was the time to celebrate as they wrote in a long black stretch limo to the prom
This was Saturday hall in a white tuxedo in blue tile like I said it was Friday said he was very unhappy and so excited that we won
When he first heard the news from his lawyer at home in Ashewa he said I was jumping up and down and everybody was shouting
I feel at ease now knowing that we're free of discrimination said the grade 12 student mon senior John Paramek heathal
High School and it goes on and on a great life, but the good news is we won we all people not just gave people not just Mark
Holland's boyfriend John Paul whatever's name is but everybody all
Progressive open-minded people who want to take on the bigots and the hypocrites like the Catholic Church for example
How's the pool coming by the way? Here's your big chance today? Here's your golden opportunity
Don't you may never get this again?
Although probably will but not for a long time didn't I say I wasn't gonna do this I said that but I lied
Just like I said I wasn't gonna take phone calls and I did that one day and more I think about it the less I feel that was a good idea
I remember that very first call that day
Do you recall a guy who was saying that because I'm not there?
I'm not in touch because everybody was so upset about the murder the angel girl and so on right?
I remember see if I was there just like during alien
I wouldn't listen anything any different than my being here. I'm very familiar with the story
I read the story we talked about it on the year and my feelings wouldn't have been any different people are getting murdered and butchered all the time and
The picking shoes like one from column A and column B that the community is all been out of shape about that's unacceptable to me
It's it's ridiculous on the face of it
As if somehow one life is worth more than somebody else's life
And I'm not talking about scumbags and murderers who get killed or game, you know mobsters. That's not what I'm referring to
But nevertheless so my my comment would have been any different where it no matter where I'm sitting
See that's what I'm talking about big balls, baby a big pair
Just tell it like it is and let the chips fall where they may right on most a bald spot
How's he doing by the way don't hear or mention anybody's name not even not just my name anybody's name. Oh boy
Anyway, here's the pull here's the pull so far. I'm just asking out loud don't say anything
59 votes on there already
What are you dislike most about Neil show see and then I could ask what do you like the most?
You know and have you sucky sucky sucky which isn't the purpose of the pool
Let's be honest. Let's lay it right out there on a goddamn table. Okay, I can handle it
An old fag like me with a big pair of balls. I can handle the truth unlike a goddamn Tom Cruise
And you know something Tom Cruise can't handle the truth
It's interesting that it's interesting that Jack Nicholson told him that line in that movie
You know when you stop and think about it. I thought about it. Yeah, he can't handle the truth
At least his career can't handle the truth because it's not good for business. How about that spider-man by the way?
We'll get to that
Now do you really expect me to read this through about Rick Sanchez? I guess they want me to oh
It's just because it was from Tom jikka. Oh
It's wrong. I didn't see that yet. I hadn't the look that far from Tom jikka man. Is he an asshole or what?
Sanchez hits stride at MSNBC. Oh little Tommy man. Oh man and
And we have nothing against Rick Sanchez
We you know poke a lot of fun at him
Of course a lot of people in San Florida hate him like poison and they still they still hold that dead guy against him
You know what?
What's wrong with them?
He's still dead. Here's a couple of more facts is excellent one. It says I'm glad you brought it out
These from the same I'm not really sure no
Here's one. It says glad you brought up the comments that JD made regarding the Alfred Sidhid on Tucker
I'm sure JD's panties would have been in a knot if his girlfriend Theo Florey or Pavl had been hit in the same manner
You're absolutely correct sir. I talked to JD on a phone yesterday. Thanks to Rimmer
Bapapapapa, on and on and on, Rimmer's phone rang 17 times during a conversation by the way and JD and I were both a guest
I mean JD's a good guy, but it's just a talk's way too much and he's full of crap and I told him that I said Sam Rosen is
They're gonna jump out of the booth one of these nights if he don't shut up
It says it's clear to everyone in the league that there exists two sets of rules those for Supermer stars
No, it's for the muckers and there's no question mucker rhymes with Darcy Tucker and other things Darcy's a hard-nosed guy
Yeah, he did the peck a hit and the one on the gun. Charna couple others this season
But the fact is rules are rules and in the late stages of a vital playoff game
Just to look the other way because you see it's number 16
And they were broken bone in his shoulder and unable to get back into play and let play go right on
Unreceptible a hit from behind and I don't care how much JD gives me a song to dance
It was a hit from behind which the league is trying desperately to crack down on we got screwed
But you know something unlike all the people say we're a bunch of winers
We just continue going out there and grind it away right Gary Roberts. Let's go and Gary
We just turned 150 years old. They still kicking ass
Here's one it says your pull for today has a major flaw
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha let me save this for after the break you read it
I guess uh sure it's great. How come you're taking so much crap
Oh by the way when I'm on vacation next week Joe and George are gonna be doing the show together to take take the pressure off
You know don't you think that's a great idea? It's a wonderful idea
You don't like it. I think you and I like it together. We were great together and then if it turns out great
You can split the credit and if it turns out crappy then you can blame Joe
But then of course it's gonna work that way right no it'll be great 20 till 10 at 5. It will be great
Gonna be in the 70s and Amsterdam. Oh man
I can't begin to tell you how excited I am about that gonna be sunny in 70 degrees
Hmm can't wait
Hey, are you ready to get in shape for the summer which is already here quite frankly like the beast the beast is lost
Close to 30 pounds already which in most cases would be a lot
But in his case it's a good start
But it's still a lot in about seven weeks whatever it's been and you can do the same with the great new convenient affordable weight loss
Eat healthy gourmet meal delivery service. What a mouthful. That is balance for life
That's what it's called if you're too busy to eat the right foods if you fail that all the other quack diets
If you've tried atkins and scatkins and still men and this one and that one and Jenny Craig and your failing
Well, the answer is balance for life because it really works because you don't have to make any choices other than the
They let you choose between two alternatives for each meal every day that you run a program
You have a little sheet you fill out and pick whatever you want
But other than that those are the only choices you make you don't have to go to the supermarket and buy and count calories or carbs
Or any of the thing that's complicated because even as complicated as own base nutrition is the good deal is that the people at balance for life
Do all the figuring for you so they deliver right to your door every morning by 6 a.m
A little black sack and man life is sweet when you got your little black sack
That's what Stevie Wonder said that's his favorite is his little black sack and we said Stevie
How do you know it's black? Can you say well? That's what they tell me anyway?
They live right here door three hormonally balanced gourmet meals to delicious next even a 60 ounce bottled water right to your doorstep
And everything is right in there plenty to keep you full all day long and the weight just melts off your body
So if you're tired of being a big fat slob if you can't put a bathing suit on and you're terrified to go to the beach
Get with the real control and proven weight loss eat healthy lifestyle get in shape for summer starting right now by calling
Balance for life in no time at all you look at guarantee even better than the beast. It's guaranteed call 954
568 3229 954 568 3229 or check out their website at www.wymysandit again like I said check out their website
From Mark Lake's studio
The bridge is underway on sports radio 560
Beware of exploding balls
Sing my song
But you're not looking at my mouth you stare so long
Something that's a bit further south and it's not my base
Where both your eyes
Right under my clothes is my biggest
Underneath my clothes there's a great big booty all right bigger than J. Love
Rachans all right
ffffff
Ladies
A
Green
Within
A
Please
Got aよ
One vote's on the poll. What do you dislike most about Neal's show?
Nothing, it's fine 25. Don't like the tone.
Got to hand it to the crank people out there. They always pick a good one.
You know what? They're picking it right now.
Just a little bit.
Yeah. Oh wait a minute. Just change. Nothing, it's fine 27.
Don't like the tone 24. Well they got to have something to hang their head on.
Hang your head on this. Nothing I like it better than ever 19.
No phone calls 18. That's like 16.6%.
Guess what? We'll see how this works out. Too many pre-story 7, too much reading 7.
Not enough comedy bits 5 and too many comedy bits only 1.
Too many comedy bits. Hey listen I put them on there.
You vote for whatever you really think and then it cranks too.
Okay? With a tone. They don't like the tone.
You know what we ought to do every morning when we start the show.
What do they call those little harmonicas?
No, it's not a real harmonica. You know what I'm talking about?
Like a kazoo.
No, no. Wait you like what a when somebody sings like they were going to get the pitch.
Right, you know the tone. Oh like a vocoder like a sampler.
They don't call it a sampler. Oh, oh to get the key.
That little just the one note harmonica.
I don't know what they called.
Well somebody will fax us in okay. 650198.
It's 305 650198 fax us because we're not taking no calls okay.
We're not taking any calls today. Maybe you know when you least expect it will take some here and there.
But anyway getting back to this fax which I'm sure you enjoyed tremendously.
I'm still laughing.
Your the faxes today are great.
Oh, we finally turned the corner which is a miracle because I was telling Miguel before the show and this is the truth.
After Easter and Passover and you heard me say this for years but it bear saying again since it is the 13th of May.
Every year then soft food unfortunately it's still a bush league seasonal town.
I mean whoever heard of a city would like or at least a tri-county area with four five million people whatever it is.
By the way did you know Toronto was the number four market in all of North America right after Chicago?
No idea.
Five million people. But at any rate after a Easter and Passover half a soft load of bails out not half but what percentage would you say like 30% 40% at least the good 30%?
A solid at least.
A lot of people just bail out of there.
And I was putting out to George that on the domain report on our website.
The number of hits on a website every day from Canada is staggering which means it's not because I'm doing a show here in Toronto because there ain't nobody listening on the radio in Toronto or anywhere else in Canada.
But they're listening on a website which means there are people who are like snowbirds or down there during the winter time.
I love the show and they're listening.
So a special hello to them.
Police going.
And Ottawa sucks.
Oh sorry for all our friends in Ottawa which I'm sure we don't have any to them.
Okay.
School them.
Make me sick to my stomach.
And they're talking about whiners.
This is a franchise that had to go to the government for money because they can't the Toronto fans develop a place most of the time except the front running phoneies that they get during the playoffs like in Carolina.
Oh my god.
Nothing could be finer than get rid of Carolina and a Canadians after blowing that game the other night fooled up like an accordion there yesterday just might as well not have even shown up.
Poor Josie theater and he still looks good.
Anyway, here's this facts.
How come I'm so damn wound up today?
You know, I don't know.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what the hell it is.
Your poll has a major flaw today says this fact.
I love your show with calls without calls more bits less bits more reading less reading.
I couldn't give a crap.
It's all good.
I listen every day.
I've been for many years until I love this fact until mumble boy.
How could you not include them on your pool when that pot head mumbling ass eating, Jew hating, Arab loving,
spick is trying to imitate you and failing miserably.
I simply turn to another station.
You have to include that butmuncher.
But let me just say this.
You don't forget it's going to be Joe and George when I'm on vacation next week.
So don't be don't be hurt and Joe and me also because this next thing it says you probably won't see this facts because you won't forward it.
So if you're reading this George F you.
Hey F you George.
Okay, I got it.
A lot of people went to school at F you.
It's up there in Kingsville.
Also now is this rack?
Is that a name rack?
That's what's on there.
Rack in Miami says I was happy to see a diary my mailbox last week.
It's been seven years since they last sent me one.
It'll be interesting filling in the book when the spick is on.
Thanks for letting me vent.
Hey don't be hurting me because this is on okay.
That's what we put Joe on air is a buffer because we know a lot of people don't like this.
So don't be hurting Joe and Neil just because you see what I'm saying.
You just keep listening and do it in stereo.
And just turn down the whichever speaker George is coming out of you can't stand him.
Just turn him down or off and listen to Joe.
See the way that works out?
Well you're getting really sensitive.
What are you talking about?
I think pretty soon you and more are going to start bonding because you're both incredibly sensitive.
I said that's not what are you talking about sensitive?
Let me ask you do you think he's ever going to loosen up or is he just going to he's going to have up that bug up his ass for the rest of his life?
That's right you can't comment just when you made peace with Greg and everybody and I'm trying to get you in trouble again.
Especially when on the heels of that hostile facts where he hates you like poison.
Like I said, rack or Rick or whatever your name is.
I love you and all that other stuff but don't you know don't punish us.
We got enough we got enough to hand you kept overcome as it is without you like picking on poor George in the a diaries.
Okay so listen religiously which is what I always suggest being a religious guy that I am.
Here's the facts from Johnny.
How you doing Johnny?
It says I was listening to Matt drug your Sunday night show yesterday on 610 W.I.O.D.
Well if you listen to that I don't have to ask how you're doing Johnny.
He was talking about Bill O'Reilly and what a hypocrite he is and he's right about that.
Anyway a caller called up and brought up your name he said something like O'Reilly wouldn't stand a chance if he won't as on against you.
Drudge laughed and said something like I don't know what Neal would do with Bill O'Reilly probably having for breakfast lunch in dinner.
In other words kick his ass is what he's trying to say and Johnny says I'm not sure if that was a homosexual reference or a fat reference.
What do you think Neal?
Neither of the above okay because the Matt Roger's a fat whatever he is.
Queen.
My good buddy Matt Roger I'm sure he's listening right now nice going Matt.
And you're absolutely correct.
Oh that's right we'll have a chance to kick his ass because he's not noon to do or noon to whatever he's on on the light bulb.
You think he's going to give us any competition?
No.
He might take like a half a point from a from fat ass limbo.
And all this crap about all there's all these liberals in the media can you tell me seriously can you tell me any like prominent liberal talk show host that you know of?
Oh prominent?
Yeah.
I was going to say Randy but then you said prominent right anyway look at look at all the right wing fashion you got all in north you got Gordon Liddy you got limbo now you got Bill O'Reilly adding to the mix in there.
Who's the other one from the I mean there's a zillion of these guys each Allen keys there's another one.
All right wing Bible thumping phony baloney hypocritical full of crap egotistical assual lunatics okay all in bed with the religious right.
Oh but the liberal media right there ain't no liberal media.
I love this facts about the inebriated gentleman doing that one spot but I guess if we want to keep that on the areas that is that a trade out that spot or they pay for that.
I think they pay for that they pay for it so I'm not going to mention the sponsor but it says something about the inebriated gentleman doing a spot.
I guess everybody else will know exactly what that is speaking of a nebriated what a segue Sanchez hits stride at msnbc writes Tom jica in today's sunsend all time are you a clown or what what a joke.
I guess you time don't like the toe of the show either you know it and he doesn't like the fact I'm reading these newspaper magazine articles except he'll like this one again because it's his article.
See it's okay a permission from a little Tommy to read on the air as long as he wrote it anything else it's ponderous it's boring I should be carping about south Florida carp carp on this go go out in the bands you can catch one Tom.
He writes Rick Sanchez isn't anticipating a rookie of the year award for his first season in the big leagues of TV news but the brash from a rancor of channel seven says he's no mighty case either whiffing in his big opportunity.
It was a year ago that Sanchez and ardent baseball fan announced he was leaving south Florida take a job at msnbc to see if he could have major league pitching his first couple of swings on national stage where a humbling experience I struck out an awful lot he acknowledges his detractors would relic sing in fall on his face should shouldn't be leaping to their feet with glee however Sanchez says I'm hitting it pretty good lately said he's hitting it.
Just like that guy hitting further stadium.
Oh that's bad that's terrible did I really say that you did I better interrupt myself and do the break because that that's bad but I do want to read all of time jikers column because it's very important about one of our very very favorite people.
The key to key Sanchez and the guy hitting further stadium there under very do be a circumstances the bad news is he's still dead how do you like that as a matter of fact I must confess you over the weekend I don't remember what day it was I did see on msnbc there was fat face pudgy.
The ricky ticky Sanchez and guess what I did change that change their real fast excellent choice change that channel real quick while you know I have my own predatory prep heta juices he was our next to a neighbor for a long time the most interesting thing about Rick Sanchez to maybe side the fact that guy he hit is still dead is the fact that when you meet him in person he's about three feet tall.
Did you ever meet him when he came over to the station he was sitting down that one time.
Oh, when he stands up he comes up to your kneecap he comes up to Maddie Bell's ankle that's how short ricky ticky is so they must sit him on a whole bunch of phone boots like my good friend Bob mayor channel for 9.5.
Olding Bob mayor is a good guy 9.56 at 5.60 WQM here's another good guy Tom Layman who loves me loves the audience of this show everybody who listen to this show has got a special place in Tom Layman's heart that's why he's created the big needle deal at Hallett save big dollars and all Pontiacs and GM seasons stuck just
mentioned you heard this commercial on the Euras show stop by Hallett Pontiac GMC 13401 South Texas see highway that's on US one right across from the falls where every vehicle is marked with the lowest price but if you mentioned my name the
Euras is deal you'll save even more check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy loaded by motor trend is the SUV of the year plus while you're at Hallett be sure and take a peek at the all new vibe SUV it's got the power of a big expensive sports car to
factor the price how it's also got a big selection of pre on cars trucks SUVs you can depend on and if you've been turned off for credit any place else have no fear Tom
Layman will take care of you the cut your deal of Hallett so get yourself a nea Rogers deal at Hallett Pontiac GMC and you'll find them again at 1.30
for a one South Texas see highway on US one across from the falls the same great location they've been doing people right for over 35 years open
every day seven days a week you can call them at 305 238 40 40 don't forget at Hallett Pontiac GMC we
you've seen him on Channel 7 news first as a two-bit reporter now as a two-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Febaker and Mary K.
combine Rick Sanchez sings here the dulcet tones of the men who brought you
to the face tour over higher it's one show you all want to miss state for a good one
Rick Sanchez he loves his audience I accept you as a precious gift from God hey George this time Jekker
you just pass along to the LN but the reason I call was I thought maybe you can help me I've been trying to get those goddamn ratings
tough Lindsay's gone home sick gosh Darryl says he doesn't have the authority to give them to me you know call Greg Reed I couldn't get him
so you know and then there's all of them they gave me wish to call you if somebody would get me the guy damn ratings I'll pay the
king his homage anyway I'm only kidding but that is the problem that I do want to do a story on and I'm just having trouble
get me so I'll talk to you but we're not here Tom God and you know I didn't even notice my name is in this
article about Rick Sanchez did you notice that no I did not oh I get a mention in here I'm really
excited now thanks a lot little Tommy see I'm getting to Tom jikka I'm getting a little Tommy I don't
care whether it's good or bad just keep putting the name in there I need all the help I can get Tom
especially when you work for Greg Reed who lies a lot oh yeah we're doing billboards we're doing it I
lied I lied what's no Greg he lied anyway going on about Rick Sanchez who says he's hitting it
pretty good lately and don't count him out he hits his stride little Tommy jikka writes he's been tapped
on several occasions this step to even a higher level filling in for NBC news breaks he didn't
during last summer's Wimbledon tennis championships and he also was on call and president Bush choked
and faded I got a lot of airtime then Sanchez says I got to debrief NBC correspondent David Gregory
at the White House whoo his familiarity with this region also led date line NBC to assignment
interview one of these survivors of the anthrax maillings in Palm Beach several factors are responsible
for the turn around not the least of which is overcoming rookie jitters anxious to make a good
impression it was initially over preparing for interviews I would write down 52 questions to
ask and I was so intent on asking him I missed opportunities for obvious follow-ups one thing I've
developed is a real respect for Bill O'Reilly people like Bill O'Reilly and Larry King who have a
knack for always asking the question of your would just watching how the masters do it has helped
him Sanchez says he's obviously elevated his game he's an nominee for an Alma A award a precious
national prize for Hispanics and media how many Hispanics do you know in the media George beside
Ana squeak down here 100 and you're forgetting Isabelle de Cassada and he's in some pretty fast
company it says other nominees in category are Soledad O'Brien oh she a lightweight or what
a merideth v era and her rather Rivera September 11th also he's in his transformation to feeling like a
real part of his new team he was in makeup preparing for his normal shift when the first plane hit
his instincts immediately took hold I ran to the control room and said send me there I just got
out of the car when I saw the first building crumbling down he didn't leave Manhattan for five days
the first day I was on the year for 20 hours it was a lot like hurricane Andrew you get a short
catnap here and then go back to work he was really shocked when Sally Fitz showed up turn around and
said to him perhaps the biggest boo Sanchez came from a most unlikely source cramogenly Don
I miss has become fun of him and has made an extended member of his program which is simulcast
on MSNBC cramogenly Don I miss which is a very general way Tommy of saying a dead man in a chair
can you imagine a radio talk show host who actually likes me Sanchez says a rye reference to the
beating he took actually continues to take from Neil Rogers let's hear it for Tom jikah oh
not only has my name in here but spelled it right now what does that mean a beating he took from me
what is that you beat me I never beat up on Rick Sanchez I just had some fun with him
see and of course it was just business not personal I don't just like him personal
of just business as opposed to some other people where it's business and personal not to
mention any names Sanchez who's regular MSNBC shift is 9 a.m. to noon connected with I'm
doing news cut-ins during the simulcast it was typical I miss at first Sanchez says he'd ask
who's this big fat jerk doing the news I figured the best thing to do is play along so I asked
his producer to put me on with him I just had fun doing exaggerated Spanish accent things
like that he must have liked it because now he uses me a lot in fact we have a clip from
Rick Sanchez's favorite TV show all right
Sanchez figures his future also bright and when NBC bought the telemundo network I'm one of the
few people who when big stories break could move comfortably between English and Spanish
networks I think that makes me really valuable to them says Ricky Tiki Sanchez the same traits
I'll also have him well positioned for a major role in what could be the first colossal news story
of the 21st century the inevitable turmoil when Fidel Castro passes from the scene when Fidel
passes gas I salivate about that Sanchez says it's the huge story I've been preparing for all my
life who else has the sense of perspective and background I will bring to that story wow there's
no way go there at all is there no however humbling in his early days the big leagues might have been
he obviously has gotten over it says Tom jica a little shot there at the end in other words he's
not so humble anymore nice going Tommy that was pretty sweet huh look at suck job what's all this
stuff that you just fact me here man oh man pretty good notes oh it's called a pitch pipe yes it's
a pitch pipe it also makes a good one hitter in a pinch oh come on give one to a Dianne Warwick at
the airport now why are you facting me is there something of interest to me on this
about this page five of seven it's all a bunch of different things but they're all in they're all
taking away I see at midnight Spanish broadcasting system flipped rocker KJXO San Francisco to KPTI
the Bayer is pure dance channel 92 7 party in English language all dance jockless music outlet
oh what seems to be going big man party radio where the ripping kid Korean ass talking about
what's an old man like that who's 70 years old what does he know about the music young people want
to hear that we're playing now and I'll come he turned down a chance to play all this music like a
year and a half two years ago when John and the Abraata to them huh yeah next thing they'll be using
my name on here go right ahead Disney I don't care piss kid Korean Greg off but who they'll give
us a crap okay because it happens to be the truth we brought them all of that great music that
euro stuff okay I'll let the trans stuff all that the you know what I'm talking about I do all
those four records are playing saffery duo and derude over and over again brought them tons of
good stuff did he play most of it no now anyway KPTI will be programmed by the team of sbs executive
vice president programming build Tanner national PD of PO Pharaoh and VP of programming Jesus
Salas who runs programs for the oh no who programs the company's three Miami FM stations
I don't understand you don't three stations are those I don't get any of this
according to a tenor the gay area the abay area is an actual for this format will be the
music sensitive format with no disdockeys while pure dance music is the star those looking to
become mixers are part of KPTI three teams should get their packages to build Tanner oh don't
let Bill Tanner touch your package oh not a good idea don't send your package over to Billy Tanner
he might squeeze it I think this is that FM station they were talking about for you oh really
that's what the answer was no see so they put on a station where they just play music and not
paying any money so it must be a real loser and of course they'll probably get big numbers now
so it's a good thing I didn't it made no sense it made no sense it just got to slap me on a station
San Francisco with a morning show and I'm talking about Rick Sanchez and South Florida this and
all this other crap they don't have any idea what I'm talking about boy that's got to be one of
the dumbest ideas and of course the look where it came from anyway accused how's that pool coming
by the way this is a very important pool today I said I wasn't going to do this pool because we
don't want to give people a lot of opportunity to take a cheap shot but why not who cares I can
handle it I'm not thin skinned like some assholes I know 195 votes on the pool what do you just
like most about Neil show come on we can hear it 195 nothing it's fine 48 don't like the tone 43
that's the crank vote of the day 43 and doing very well by the way nothing I like it better than ever
maybe we ought to have that bitch pipe nothing I like it better than ever 34 no phone calls 30 that's
15 percent that's not all that much you know 15 percent no too much reading 15 too many priest
stories like the one I'm going to do in a minute oh and we also got the story today about
Bubba's love child did you see that story no I didn't he's got a love because you don't read
the national inquiry and remember the national inquiry had about Robert Blake first and we had it
here on the show weeks and weeks and weeks ago before he was actually charged with a murder I like
the inquire what are you talking about I just think we all cardinal law enters third day testimony
in a rain don't get him wet now cardinal law said the dx-dios heart sciosis and finance counsel had
overwooled him on that they overwooled him well who knows that guy hey time Jackie better get
the over to CNN they need your help they need serious help anyway what did I do much reading 15 too
many priest stories 14 not enough comedy bits nine and too many comedy bits appear so that a lot
of people with a lot of opinions out there okay because like I've always told you opinions are like
assholes everybody's got one all right so good for you and the price is right hop on the arranges
dot com and vote to your hearts content in fact I should have put an extra category on there just
called goalie's go for all my Canadian friends put that on there Eric I mean that doesn't it doesn't
fit but nevertheless we put a lot of things on there that don't fit right like that lock
hey if we put him on there he'd win but what I put them on this one we're not putting
that lock on today just put goalie's go on the bottom there just so that the all the leaf
fans out there can register in they can check in before tomorrow night's game oh that's here it
for a bunch of doddering old guys beaten up and broodied and bruised but when a chips are down man
they come through like a freaking miracle here's kujo with his broken hand who still a shadow
what he was here's Gary Roberts who's all banged up no Darcy Tucker no Matt Sundin no
demean to your skivage no Yushki of course a lot of the people there most people with no Yushki
from Yushki no uh did I say Darcy Tucker no uh what's his name Carol P. Lash you know all these guys
don't you George oh every one of them good friends in other words we're playing with like half
of a minor league team in it the St. John's Maple Leafs and we still kicked their ass the choking
gagging Ottawa senators who make me sick the my stomach except from already have let who looks
damn good to me anyway accused priest flees and a parish gasps the men women and children are
oh wait a year the name of this church the men women and children of St. Tarsissus Roman Catholic
church got the official word at the end of Saturday Mass the allegations are credible said the
Macarthei pastor the northwest side church one of their own priests had fled the country after
being accused of sexually abusing a teen girl the congregation gasped the latest bombshell in
that nationwide pre-sex abuse scandal was exploding right in front of them right now I'm sure
your heads are spinning Macarthei said just like Linda Blair my head's been that way for a week
earlier in the day the Archdiocese of Chicago announced that the Reverend Sleva Policety 43 had
been moved from his position as an associate pastor week after allegations surfaced church officials
believe Policety fled to India where he was originally ordained how do you like that we're fleeing
over here our minds are filled with concerns for our young people and for our parish Macarthei said
in his stunning letter to parishioners St. Tarsiss a warm wonderful parish we cannot forget that
right you just keep donate man you just keep giving money all those goddamn child molesters
have a good time doing it with a clear conscience and keep rubbing your rosary beads and the
patching around with all the chotch keys is now what you like to do in your spare time is
patchy with some chotch keys it's my favorite thing to do yeah let's go patchy with a
chotchkey man sounds like a lot of fun to me and didn't the didn't Jesus say something about the
idols and all the sudden graven images didn't the Lord the warn against that I think that was Moses
that said that well what the hell did he know he was just an old Jew he didn't know no Jesus just
like what's his name Frankie of potentially he didn't know no godfather Moses didn't know no Jesus
he didn't know no Yoschki he knew Yuschki though he knew to meet you your scavenge and he said man how
to hell are we winning without him with that blood clot but Sam sneaking all the hockey stuff here
just to make a rumor in JD happy I bet you JD's listen to the AC five carbony's prep list them
and that hey JD shut up already will you you bug me 12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQ I tell you one
thing I like the tone of this show today I don't care what anybody says I like the tone I like it a lot
George don't like it because there's too much hockey talking too much George vashing
he can handle it he can handle it after the last month of baby crap at QM he can handle almost
anything he's been conditioned to handle it here's a simple question for if somebody offered to give
you several thousand dollars over the next few years would you accept it better than right you would
what I just say in other words yes it'd be a little foolish not to which makes it really
foolish to pass up the opportunity to refinance or buy a home at just 3.95% here's the deal
there's a Fannie Mae program available 3.95% for both refinancing and purchasing of homes
think about it just 3.95% and all you have to do is call financial group to get the info how this
works call 1-800 940 53 63 that's 1-800 940 53 63 to be more specific you can get 100 grand
with payments of only $475 a month or 200 grand with payments of only 950 bucks a month
you'll save yourself thousands and thousands of dollars so be done right stupid to pass up a
chance like that do the math and do the next logical thing get the details by calling financial
group 1-800 940 lend that's 1-800 940 53 63 equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply
and rates are subject to change if you wait to
what is a buffalo bill what kind of a father was Robert Blake not your average mother what is that
mean I was frightened and um constantly in a fetal position was really horrible was he ever
violent with you yes absolutely Selena do you think there is any way that your father might have
committed this crime or ordered this crime to be committed yes has your father said to you
I'm guilty yeah did he and daddy's guilty is that correct absolutely I have a sign piece of
paper from him that says he did it and my father is severely guilty nice Pablo it's a 1018 at 560
WQ markets are going up I think today is today's in the field of canchants like a turning point in
human history can't you smell it or maybe fat boys running around farting in the hallway well
here's one of our chronic factors big Arnie who says we had a speaker at our coke club that's
Coca-Cola I wonder if that's like lemon coke or I'm sorry vanilla coke that's not out yet isn't they
had that test in Connecticut it is like a whole Miguel so it is out yes and I haven't tried it we
haven't tried it oh sounds crappy to me sounds yucky anyway big Arnie says the a speaker was an
ex-associated press correspondent was talking about bias in the media and he's saying was saying how
bad the liberal biases then he said that to listen to non-bias newscast we had to listen to
rush limbaugh I almost barfed up my coaxes big Arnie and we paid this guy a hundred bucks to talk
right if you want to hear something right down the middle of the road listen to Lord ade right he'll
tell you about how the Carter the Clintons and Carter's murdered 50 people and yada yada yada yada
oh speaking of the Carter's we got we got Jimmy's and Cuba and if it else says hey you got free
access go to the scientific labs go here go there go smoke a few big fat ones and do whatever
you want it's right hey listen wouldn't it be something if Jimmy pulled off some stuff there that the
Pope couldn't do remember the Pope he was up there with Adele and they both were really crappy
dresses that's about all you can say about that accomplished absolutely nothing zero nada not a
thing a lot of people be saying oh Jimmy Carter see he was a Democrat so because he's there
concerning with Adele come onista your team of girls thinking that right now come onista come onista
no I'm not thinking I don't think he's going to do anything either yeah you're thinking at you're
thinking kame pico just like Jane fonde other kame pico democrat liberal uh
et cetera and so on he down their sucking fiddles beard playing kissy kissy kissy squeeze in his
cheeks you know that's what you're thinking okay he's gonna liberate Cuba man Jimmy Carter he's
the man don't you remember what a great job he did with those hostages in Iran oh I'm sorry
but we tried tape shows egan encouraged oh I gotta get to that boba story okay and then there's
even a story about the Hillary about how they're thinking to run in her for VP in the next election oh
no hey listen if you're gonna lose lose with your worst you know like jan or reno in florida and
the I think a great ticket would be ju Lieberman and Hillary oh god get about four votes tape shows
egan encouraged abusive to stay in priesthood here's a shocking shameful story from news day in
in long gion carnal edward egan once encouraged a priest who admitted sexually abusing a teen
age to continue to serve in the priesthood a newspaper reported on saturday the revelations came
in videotape testimony produced five years ago for a civil trial involving a lawsuit against
the roman catholic diocese of bridgeport canetticate a copy of the videotape was obtained by the
washington post which reported saturday that egan said at the time he would not similarly
suspend a priest even in the face of shocking allegations of sexual abuse he said diocesan
priest were self-employed and not the bishops responsibility let me read that paragraph again
boys and girls a copy of the videotape was obtained by the washington post which reported
saturday that egan said at the time he would not similarly suspend a priest even in the face
of shocking allegations of sexual abuse he said diocesan priest were self-employed and not the
bishops responsibility i would have to know the complete circumstances that egan who's now
had of course the art stasis of new york and under enormous heat a lawyer then presented a
hypothetical case with a fact pattern identical to the martin ellicase what if this priest was a
teacher the lawyer asked and sexually assaulted a student and bit the students penis that would be
sufficient cost for suspension i'm sure in many bishops minds egan in many bishops mind egan
responded then the lawyer asked would be sufficient cause in your mind i would have to know all
the details he can reply the suggestion is so strange i'd want to know more about it he want to
see pictures i'm sure he'd want to see pictures of the penis biting incident in fact maybe you
want to go and see an instant replay see it like you're revisited it all over again
the nineteen ninety seven lawsuit was filed on behalf of frank martin elli who claimed that the
Reverend Lawrence Brett sexually assaulted him three times over two year period ending in 1963
including biting him during oral sex a lawsuit was eventually settled a amount of the settlement
without the suppose i hate that me too hate biders of course in your case you know it's a good
way to get rid of that forskim egan who was appointed bishop of the bridge port diocese in 1988
met with bread in nineteen ninety when the priest expressed concern that past allegations might
interfere with his work are you following that they might interfere with his work according to
the post egan read from a memoranda he wrote soon after that meeting that bread made a good
impression on me he spoke with grace he also testified at the time he was who the hell's grace
he also testified at the time he was inclined to write bread a letter encouraging to go on with
his work egan eventually suspended bread amid mounting allegations of sexual abuse bread was
barred from the active priest that in stripped of his authority to administer sacraments or pursue
his ministry or rubbed the rosary beads even although egan is never directly acknowledged missteps
in handling allegations abuse against priest he recently addressed the issue in a pastoral letter
if in hindsight we also discovered that mistakes have been made as regards prompt removal of priest
and assistant to victims i am deeply sorry he wrote how do you like that that's good yeah
Saturday the Connecticut Post of Bridgeport report that court record show the Reverend Martin
Federici was picked up by police in 1968 for allegedly molesting a boy in his car police didn't
arrest the priest but reported the incident to the diocese how do you like them apples huh
Kevin Baxter about the only one at the herald who's got any clue what's going on in the world
except they have to listen to this show and get all the information from me like that al goldstein
story and they have to look up the daily news and then reprinted verbatim i mean i understand when
you're you know printing things off wire services verbatim but the New York daily news do we
usually see stories in the daily news in a herald i don't think so stolen from mother show
new god which you notice little Tommy jikens fight of the fact i've been abusing him a lot lately
and well deserved i should point out mentions me in a rick sanchez thing and what have i said about
rick sanchez that isn't true i should like to ask i'm thinking yeah let's put on our thinking caps
what have i said about ricky tiki sanchez that isn't true he's two feet tall he killed that guy
from the stadium he went home to get a drink or maybe already had a drink whatever the hell it was
he told the copy to be right back which we never heard of before in our lives
he was uh... and tried to interfere with the alien with that the business that that the trip over
to see assist or gene the dancing machine all of these things like i said it's not personal personally
he's okay he said we had some fun with him he didn't take it personal he was one of these
uptight assholes who takes everything personally and had thin skin only assholes are like that
but rick sanchez always had a good sense of humor about it remember he called us on to your
couple of times absolutely came by yeah visit right so he wasn't personal i was business
business and of course on the on the killing the guy at the stadium thing that was that wasn't
personal with me or with george or anybody else because it didn't affect us it was just reporting
the news that's all reporting the events as they happen the guy still dead that's all and then
of course the audience jumps on the back hey how's that guy rick sanchez it there's another
example of great cause we get which by the way when we take calls again keep him coming but nevertheless
how's that guy rick sanchez is he still dead yeah yeah he still dead you know looking got to be a big
joke what's much of a joke to that guy because he was in a coma for a long time and then he died
remember that i remember yeah but you do relentless bastard that you are see i'm getting
choked up about it let's see 257 votes already on a survey man what do you dislike most about
the ill show nothing it's fine 72 don't like the tone 47 nothing i like it better than ever 46
no phone calls 37 too much reading 18 too many pre-story 17 not enough comedy bits 12 goleefs go
five all right let's hear and too many comedy bits three let's hear it for dial amatris man these
people are sensational this is one company you'll love to them business with because they take
all the work out of buying you a great name brand new macros an unbeatable price all you have to do
is just make exert enough effort to reach over grasp your phone grasp your instrument pick it up
and make one easy call to one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred m a t t r e s you'll be
instantly connected with expert vetting consultant who's only job is to get you the best brand name
macros in the world at an unbeatable price they do it every time i've been using them for years
dial amatris carries all the top brands in the world they've got surda and cili simons and king
coil no off brands no seconds no substitution no bait and swish and what you call dial amatris
and do business with these folks you pick the day in the two hour window for your delivery
any day seven days a week like you want it between noon and two when you're going to be home or one
on three and two and four it's that are been so on that's when they'll be there some companies make
you wait around all day for delivery and then don't even show up also when you do business with
dial amatris you get honest of goodness 30 day in home comfort guarantee so you can test your
macros the only intelligent way by sleeping on it and the doing your thing on it so if you want
to get yourself a great mattress and a great night sleep for a long time to come here ready to
bumpy well lumpy worn out mattress and called dial amatris toll free one 800 mattress one 800
m at trs be sure and tell them that neal tour did you call or check them out in the wicked world wide
or fort water down
i am
i am
it's ready to store the 205 60s ua m
hey it's out with how it david
oh
well i thought the farm is kind of let back i haven't had fun since i'm helping handshare
he knows the cows and i was a today thank god i'm a country gay boy
well i love it in the summer when it's time to do the hay we hire all these guys that's when i start
to play shirts off sunshine sweatin' in the wagon thank god i'm a country gay boy all right well i got
a miss she been and keep me kind of busy i workin' so hard so much time to get busy
fire night sound i think it's time to party thank god i'm a country gay boy
well it's been six years since the last got caught i told the farm on a therapy was over not
can't find a man well i'm trying little v oh thank god i'm a country gay boy
will i hire this guy about two weeks ago he told me he was great but i better never know
high heels fake boobs i had a little makeup thank god i'm a country gay boy
oh well i got me a great lover like the simpital
wrap a little ass and make a donkey middle
life's been great since i'm on to the country thank god i'm a country gay boy
all right you guys like the song so far what do you think
oh yes and i love my chickens and i love my piggies i try to find out if they have little nineties
vegetarian but i love doing meat thank god i'm a country gay boy
we're the p-m-t on a job and a queen for a pause you lose yourself up and i'll call you
haunts just remember all the boys use the back door
oops come on that's natural
yeah i got me a bad lover call the simpital
play you what you and if you squeal just a little can't get fun life this is time for us to go
well thank god i'm a country gay boy why would you do without me
honest now aren't you the honest for me to be perfectly honest what did you think huh
you like that didn't you i bet you thought it was hot a little pepper how much you like it
i want you like it how much you like it how much you like it how much you love it i love the
how
10 33 5 60 w you know we got the mad dog gym manager one the hump will be along
hangul bergettry huracun hotline at seven
does that really say josegaaki from eight eight thirty well that's enough and then you got
your pregame show at eight thirty the south low to baseball team at calirato was the embark on a
long road trip nine oh five the big oh at uh what's that all about oh well any came must be
on vacation this week huh i guess because after baseball we got the big or land rules agree
that the dirty boys doing mark overnight two to six edmonton a canadian man's attempt to make
off without paying a prostitute for a services failed miserably on friday when he left behind
some crucial evidence his employer's trucking inside of it much of his finger police said
there's a lot of lessons here and they're all really apparent edmonton police spokesman
west bill morris said residents of an edmonton neighborhood alerted police just after daybreak
with reports of a man and a woman fighting and yelling in and around the pickup truck saying
the man was bleeding from his hand witnesses reported the young blonde woman eventually jumped
out of the truck pulled up her pants and ran to a nearby home police said when officers arrived
on the scene they found the pickup with blood stains on the door clumps of blonde here in the cab
and three quarter inch two centimeter piece of a finger police also found the woman after a
daughter to research that she explained that she was working as a prostitute and at the fight
broke out when the man refused to pay her for services rendered officers believed she bit the
man's finger off it didn't think police said long to locate the man described as heavy sentence
mid fifties it was a company truck with a big name and the phone number on the side so that helped
our investigators are pretty smart bill morris said our investigators got in touch with them at
the hospital and he's having what's left of his finger put back together again bill morris said
the man was not arrested but may face a salt charges later on now why would he face a salt
maybe he attacked her i see well there you go in edmonton while something a sentence going on
there anyway probably not too much here's something exciting i started this thing with Kevin
back to a long time ago i went to the refrigerator got me some provolone cheese
noise this this is the best this is the best provolone ever and it's out of a it's like a package
thing you know like we're nearly said they got package deals provolone cheese from my everything
on a labels has to be in english and in french all the frogs i don't i don't see any frogs here
i'm sure that there's some around don't see no frogs thank god overly moldy oldies are
chucked at magic about time oh god now this isn't going to make that one old fart happy the one
that wrote the letter the guy that's a hundred years old wrote that letter we read from the
hero on friday about how he wants dorsday music and pericomo and all of that crap he wants the big
bands back bany goodman how many stations went out of business uh trying to play that crap about
five hundred something like that yeah let's hear pericomo again come on find a wheel
the wheel spin the wheel you're gonna talk it up here and we
prop them up boys prop is head right up there on a pillow
kevin kill it kill him
kevin backstored writes in the hero just the thought of an oldie station updating its music
seems so contradictory the words don't seem to go together sort of like military intelligence
or starring freddy prince junior well what does that mean he's taking a shot at freddy prince junior
no i understand but why because uh he's just a pretty face
he's not so bad he's not the the worst actor i've ever seen he's no mad dillon
and i'll tell you one thing he's a lot better looking at mad dillon and a better actor which ain't
saying a lot but that happens to be true how come you didn't put mad dillon i guess kevin back
you know this thing with kevin backstored who's got a wife there's some real story there's
somewhere you know it because then you always tell me he was a real swish he found it that way
he found it that way in the phone but then you found that way in the air when you're doing the show
how come you don't sound that way any or what i'm doing the show i have no idea what that happens
see i think you know what i think what do you think i don't know i was gonna say the microphone
but you're in the same studio as when you would be doing the show of course when joe is in there
with you doing the show one day you'll be in one room and the next day you can like uh go back
and forth and see which one you son more macho one all right i think it'll help
it says but jarring as it may be bob hamilton program director for south florida oldies outlet
magic one oh two point seven insist that even oldies have to change with the time
i mean we like that but how many times can you hear that right yeah
yeah right so once in a while you'd like to maybe hear it if they're gonna play beachboy songs
maybe we hear something a little bit different once in a while on magic like
when some loud cracker tries to put me down like that
our as our age demographic gets older tastes change he says as we get older the amount of songs
from the earlier parts of the rock and roll era will fade slowly because they're not as memorable
uh-huh there's no question and see i don't i don't think he understands it
i'll go on and read this whole thing by Kevin Baxter because it'll kill some good time and people
interested in what's going on in the radio biz but i don't think he gets it which is why he
you can't our good close friend Kenneth or whatever's name was the duop shop guy what was that
what was that guy's name ken hill i don't know come on he's our close personal friend
and now he's had a bias way on here on waxy was 90 uh-8.2 uh-008.000
whatever it is whatever jica said what do you call it seven ten it's seven ninety time and you
still haven't changed it on your website you putt whacker you silly person you you bald headed geek
there's no question magick has long been in either of a shake up says Kevin Baxter which is
precisely why hamilton a radio fixer who turned around stations in LA in San Francisco was broad
in three years ago sure taken his time as any magick has consistently hovered just outside the top
thin in the south florida arbitrage rankings and for a time was even losing the ratings battle
with rhythmic oldies station wmge smegmo103.5 which used to be she used to be a great station once
upon a time but of more concern was the fact that magick's audience like that of all these stations
across the country was aging while advertisers were focusing on young consumers who want to hear
stuff like this well maybe not you think you're in people like the beach boys no no no
well how can you not how can you not play the beach boys hey look if you want to change
by i think the answer is derude and saffery duo okay let's quit beating around a bush nobody wants
here the beach boys anymore nobody wants your fats domino anymore unfortunately certainly nobody
wants your deon warberg unless she shares her stash with him so so what are we talking about
that fruit in fact if you see deon in the airport you know what the best suggestion is what
walk on by i didn't see that coming at all oh blindsided on that anyway we'll get back to this in
a second because it'll kill some good time then we got this grotesque pre-stuff from joliet illinois
from the chicago sunday and we got the bubble love child which is a very long story but i think
everybody wants to hear about that uh-huh in fact i might have to even interrupt my Kevin Baxter
reading for bubba's love child at least for little tease because everybody wants to hear about
bubba's love child and of course if it's in the national enquire there's a very good chance in fact
overwhelming chance it's got to be true as opposed to the other tabloids which just have like they're
usually fun in here what's what's that one that has all those into the world ones the one that's
the the world weekly news is that it that's one or this i guess no that's the one i was thinking
this one but no the weekly one that one's a trip the one that's always got to like a black and white
cover right space aliens yeah why wait why waste the color ink you know when a world's going to
come to an end a few days anyway 296 votes on a pool pretty heavy duty what do you dislike most
about meal show nothing it's fine 80 nothing i like it better than ever 58 don't like the tone 48
hahaha no phone calls 44 too much reading 22 too many priest stories 20 not enough comedy bits 13
goalie's go sick and too many comedy bits five how could anybody say but again i put it on there
but we got five people say too many comedy bits you know we'll probably voted for that jica
and that bokeh brun hater guy and probably him too yeah probably voted five times four times
for him and once for jica hey at least we keep you busy Tom we keep you occupied 19 to 11 and
five 60 wq a summer time is here man just walk outside you'll pass out but all your medicine
product that'll make you feel your best and keep you in good health even in southea south florida
all you met is a soft gel capsule you just pop in your pus that contains pharmaceutical
grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and herbals to promote health for your prostate
for your heart for your blood pressure and for your cholesterol as well
olio meds got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system you digest if you're
into the system your skin and bones even your mind all using the benefits of pharmaceutical
grade olive oil and don't forget olio meds got products for men and for your ladies out there as
well olio meds available all over town so pick some up and give it a try real soon you'll find it
at Walgreens whole food markets the world pharmacy in sedanos it's a stupendous new product that a
lot of people are really excited about so if you'd like to get more info about olio meds products
just call them toll free and acts away call 1 866 olio med 1 866 olio med or you can also order
their products right off their website olio
and rocket is tonight from course field in Colorado
couple starts at 8 30 on storage radio 5 16 e q a m
america loves to watch boobs and butts and boinking coming up tonight on inside the behind
the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story we take a good hard stop
succine with a song so catchy it virtually guaranteed their failure they were the knack
we caught up with knack lead vocalist Doug figure whose life now consists of explaining who he was
to board strangers at parties so i understand your musician yeah i was in a band called the knack
oh i am i'm not heard of you well i'm sure you've heard the song before
finding the actual band completely uninteresting inside the behind began the elusive search for
the subject of the song who was sureona hey you break it you bought it the object of an ax
lust sureona is now 43 and the assistant manager at the discovery channel store in the liberty dream
all in danders message usits freaking knack that whole dog had his way with me and do i see a penny
and royalties i only hope that pig is spent in the rest of his life explain who he was to
board people parties now that would be sweet revenge there you go sureona it's the least we could do
it's a big juicy something wet look at your business tonight on inside of the behind
okay ten forty six is five sixty by the way don't be faxing me anymore those acronic
faxes from jerry or Edgar or Steve or whatever they got what a sweet right he's the same thing
what are you important i thought it might have been him but when in doubt guaranteed
anyway here's a fact this is the pool should have had uh not enough free stories you're the only
man with the balls to tell like it is and expose these preverts of the huge scan that they're pulling out
and their followers etc and so on well in some case i'm sure they're not the huge anyway keep it up
i always do blesses all muzzle tofs is this whatever he is okay thank you sir god bless you
that's right big balls that's what we're talking about today like the maple leaves
like that mark hall kid at the faith the catalytic church and took his date to the prom his
boyfriend the prom or they liked it or not etc and so on big balls that's what it's all about big
cahoney's man can we hear some of the new music from magic
see i just played that because we got that one guy through that loves that
look at this story i'm never gonna i'm never gonna get to that bubble up travel let me just
detes it here and they actually have pictures here go out and buy the inquire for sure
mrs. ex hubby tells all bill and dolly kyle browning shown here in the eight a 1985 photo had a
long time steamy affair sexer says her ex hubby below right clinton and dolly when he was Arkansas
state attorney general and there they are as matter facts he's got a big smile on her post and
he's got a big a shmitting grin on his post and later on in the story on the second page
here's a picture of the yes the kid the illegitimate son supposedly
and then there's another big picture more recent it says is this man's man clinton son
strapping anthony piercens he looks today he's about a strapping is the beast he's a big fat-faced
pudgy guy strapping man whoever wrote that ought to get a strapping i'll tell you that while we
get back to that momentarily eventually when i'm good and ready okay but here's something much
more pressing that somebody just facts twist which you to that we thank you profusely for
probably associated press to lino admitted drug dealers have told federal agents that former
football star o j sysson went on cocaine bids and late night drug buys in florida the blade
newspaper reported yesterday let's hear it forget all o j man what a shock what a surprise i
sure hope the people in the building who are like o j liars don't get upset about this
man Andrew Anderson and dealer in international narcotics ring who's awaiting sentencing on drug
charges told investigators he stated simpson suburban mimeo netton candle by the way
and supplied simpson and his girlfriends with ecstasy according to confidential FBI documents
obtained by the newspaper for a copyrighted story other admitted dealers tied to Anderson's ecstasy
ring told investigators they snorted cocaine with simpson as far back as nineteen ninety nine
and sold it to him as recently as seven months ago the blade says seven months ago
oh man informed of the teleto story simpson told the ap it's all untrue i don't do drugs
i don't sell drugs i don't buy drugs sounds like george it should be obvious to everyone it's
totally untrue or i would have been arrested right federal agents rated simpson's house
December 4th as part of investigation into wood drug ring that important hundreds of thousands
of ecstasy pills from holland from the needle on's oh we also got another bad story from needle
on's but we'll save that for later don't want to get hans to upset another bad story
the ring also was tied to money laundering and satellite tv equipment theft simpson was not charged
in the raid a federal jury acquitted teleto developer mark no akaske and march of charges
stemming from the raid an FBI agent testified during no akaske's trial the Anderson's
obliteracy to simpson simpson's attorney yelled galanar denied the agent's allegation
anderson encode offended john thoreb hermfully the guilty in february to charges in the case and
faces up to twenty years in prison the blade reported that an examined more than 200 pages of
documents including transcript of fbr wiretaps and witness statements from late nineteen i did
november two thousand one about a dozen of those records related to simpson including reports
by detectives who watched the former nfl running back and actors ranch style home oh man
one of the wiretaps led to no akaske's arrest because in equitence in mimey used to call
used his call rather to make a drug deal only tried again used his call cell phone that's what
that if you could see the quality of this facts i'd use the cell phone to make a drug deal according
to the federal documents which the teleto developer obtained for his defense and gave the newspaper
one of the drugs admitted dealers the drug rings admitted dealers and all the galva's told
FBI agents that simpson and a former girlfriend knocked on the door at all hours to buy cocaine
the blade says galva said the two callers so often for drugs that she charged changed her cell phone
that's as much as i'm reading because the uh copies real bad i'm gonna have to shake my thing
over there in a minute during next break don't let me forget to shake my booty my uh toner cartridge
toner thing it's it's only been in there for like four or five days how can that be
they can't be running out can it maybe you got a bum one oh man that could be my luck
anyway for the guy that says we don't do enough priest there is here's another one and we have
several more a roman catholic priest in bay city has resigned after acknowledging a complaint
of sexual misconduct against him it where the hell's bay city is that in michigan bay city don't know
hmm i think so the reverend leveren reveren the reverend letter will cost ski 65 we're served
for three years at holy trinity catholic church we want a letter to perishers explaining his
Wednesday resignation an allocation of sexual misconduct has been made against me it concerns
an incident which occurred much earlier in my ministry he wrote i regret the hurt i've caused
others in the past and i regret they hurt that i'm causing now this was part of my past and move
beyond this years ago including will cost galley 16 catholic priest and michigan like i just said
have been removed to spend her left their duties since jenny were the first amid sexual misconduct
allegations there you go another one in michigan now can i please get back to my good close friend
kevin backster because this is important stuff out there for people who want to hear some good music
that's yours i'll need it at first hamilton bit this is about the pd at magic bob hamilton for
those who weren't listening earlier see when you get involved in a whole bunch of different
stories at the same time it's confusing too bad pay close attention keep up with the bus
at first hamilton busy themselves improving the station's brand of visibility but in
December he turned to the music in an effort to renew the audience certainly the most challenging
part of the job after all how do you create a cement and draw new listeners when a music hasn't
changed in 40 freaking years ask kevin backster 40 freaking log ponderous years when they're still
well as wrong with that
not you're not playing that are they they play that i wouldn't know well let's let's get the
playlist okay from bob hamilton if we can dissect it right here on a year set it over to somebody
who knows what it's all about one of magic's DJs hinted at the problem last year when he confessed
that i don't listen to the station when i'm not there i've heard all those songs a million times
i couldn't say a better myself we've heard all those songs until we're ready to puke from them
hey i'll tell you one thing if they play gladdest night in the pipside listen to it i'd even find
a way to listen to it up here leaves me breathless this song breathtaking
oh
oh
is she is she greater what huh gladdest lover she's a pimp anyway although magic is almost constantly
testing its playlist with listeners hamilton's December research session was unusually intensive
500 people were gathered here eight to ten second hooks of hundreds of songs from the 50s to
the 70s that has to choose their favorites and just a little clips little hooks from the songs like
like that oh you know who that was oh god sure enough the favorites were solid 60s hamilton said
we found that the 50s music was important but not as important as it used to be the key was we
found that 1964 was our pivot point year what showed was the british invasion the motown sound was
the real effervescence of where magic was to what i'm saying the motown sound man it's where it is
schmuck
not you about hamilton schmuck
always be where a guy's who are like that age with a real high squeaky voice always be where
as a result hamilton added about 55 songs a couple 55 songs are you ready for that can you have that
holy crap all a man he added about 55 songs accounting for nearly 10% of the
stations active playlist now what does that tell you are you can see what that means that that
means that they're playing 500 songs oh you see what a scandal that is
mmm rain article by Kevin Baxter who also has a copy of a comment here about ken held in the new
up shop 500 songs well if 55 songs is nearly 10% of the stations active playlist it means
that 500 songs i got more music than that in my car i got more music than that here and i have
a hardly no library here that i just went on bought a couple weeks ago when i first got here
Jesus k christ and joseph from the 64 to 70 or in dropped an equal number of pre-64 and post 70
among the songs that failed to make the cut rods towards maggy may which we don't ever need to hear
again rock and roll music by chuck burry are you crazy and i know i'm used to love them by the teddy
birds we don't need to hear that the replacements include tell me why from the beetles tell me why from
the beetles people got to be free by the rascals there you go winner and down on a corner by cc r
i'm gonna i'm gonna chip up pickup my provolone right now i'm telling you that as i speak
uh more cc r just what america doesn't need just what south flow does need and doesn't want
bob hamilton you are a schmuck you know what you're on moron perfect for the south loader radio market
i bet he's older than kid curry to this guy's probably 75 a lot of old people working down there now
you know at 10 57 at five sixty double to q ampopino park has got a great live harness racing
three nights a week now Wednesday Friday and Saturday post time at 7 30 p.m there is always free
general parking free cloudhouse and grand standard mission every afternoon evening every Wednesday at
pampino park is dollar night you can get you a draft beer hot dog soda large press or popcorn only
a bucket piece every Wednesday Friday and Saturday at pampino they offer a special all you can
eat buffet and the fourth floor players lounge soup salad tons of veggies main entries to choose from
and great desserts all for one low price plus and Fridays and Saturdays there's a carving station
with turkey ham prime rib pork or flank steak and pampino park also offers full card
summer casting every day of your life starting at noon until the wee hours of the morning with
highlight harness and thermo action from the top tracks in the country so if you want to plunge
your brains out this is a great place to do a you love pampino park it's a fun friendly atmosphere
just put a few thousand dollars in a brown paper sack and head over right now as a matter of fact
you can be there in time for all the first races at noon pampino park on powerline rotor block south
of the landing bullet bar don't forget live racing three nights a week Wednesday Friday Saturday post
time 7 30 at pampino park hold on to almost did
I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil so I might as well have one with you too
what's always your five fifty double two I have with them the
day is up here but I just gotta look at the
so now here's okay and now see
yo yo with hey hey welcome to the house okay and
L.T. we be your sports doctor
what would you be the man I beat my breakfast was I with you you haven't touched your
sausage I don't have enough here you's man chill out baby I said enough not on my sherry
well I always keep one handy in case I encounter those columbians who were killed my wife
yeah like you be looking forward that's right I know we'll show up on the golf course one day
he can deny did you hear about the victory of Thunderworld
yo he's having a self all by himself he should have gave me a call I do the job right
like slashing devil hands okay you devil you by the way I'd like to take this opportunity
to thank the water Nancy and Roy for giving us this opportunity of the having a own show no no we
can squat like the water Nancy what you be talking about he was out service stadium the other day
I saw squatting in the pocket line well when you got it go you got it go yeah she went all
right in every way that's right yeah she was squatting and dipping and twisting and pissing and
leaving super nears now I understand and all this time I thought I'd be ticking and allegating
who's there who'd have been who'd have been the pro grand director what do you want
what do you want you know you may act big it's all get out here you want who's here
love an O2 Nick Tho9 a wqa no it's level 02 if you have a QM but hey whatever you say man
party radio says kid curry just turned 85 oh that's the rumor I'm hearing here's the facts from
mycus is I found Nestle's turtle in publics in downtown coral gables but he still likes fish would
better keep up the good work that's okay Mike just don't get carried away okay there's one guy
who's not gonna get hooked on Nestle's turtle that's good news for you though see it is available
there you'll just have to scour the community to find it now this goes on forever but just one other
thing because did you realize that Dennis Collins Dennis Collins huh I didn't realize Jefferson
pilot owned magic now because all these stations keep shifting around from one to another one of the
things we found about radio is people want familiarity says Dennis Collins he was the manager of course
when we did the news news tour of w n w s right there at the end oh the humorless puts that stood
out there in a parking lot giving me a dirty look as the limo went by that was Dennis Collins yeah the
one that wouldn't take delivery of the tombstone right people want familiarity says Dennis Collins
senior vice president and GM for Jefferson pilot three south photo stations including magic you
don't want surprises what we wanted to do is make sure that when listers tuned into magic they knew
what they were going to get 365 days here that's right Dennis the same old crap the same 500 records
over and over again yeah we don't even wish we could hear this on magic okay just once in a blue moon
oh
that was the last one how do you like that missed the last one I got to know in there for that one
I mean I have to do that again you know what I was going so well I missed the last one anyway
well that's that's enough of that okay magic's to put on a ten new songs okay that's a big story
Kevin Baxter writes a bunch of crap about that is if there is anything important to write about
I just go on Kevin all the way at least you got the frequency right when he was talking about
his sister station waxy 790 hey Tom jicke what's the frequency Tommy everybody thought that was
Dan rather that line it wasn't Dan rather at all was Tom jicke what's the frequency Tommy he still
can get it right Clintons love child baby here it is
Bill Clinton is in broad on a secret love child scandal and now the ex-husband of his former
mistress is telling all this according to a very reliable national inquirer who do not lie
in an exclusive interview with the inquirer Paul Pearson who was married to Dolly Kyle Browning
for 10 years while she carried on a toured sexual affair with Clinton has broken his silence with
revelations so shocking they could destroy the former president's fragile marriage once and for all
are you shocked not at all they're shocking a devastated Pearson reveals that Dolly was avoiding
sex with him and having frequent steamy sex sessions with the then governor of Arkansas at the
time her son Anthony was conceived our sex life at all but withered away recalled Pearson a 55
year old former lawyer from Dallas who was Dolly's husband from 1975 85 but Dolly was always very
very sexually active she was obviously getting sex somewhere and it wasn't at home she'd go to
little rock to see Bill for several days at a time maybe she liked a good cigar by the time our
son Anthony was born August 20th 1981 everyone was telling me she was cheating including Dolly's
own daughter almost everyone I knew was trying to convince me that she and Bill were having an
affair once it finally sunk in that Dolly was cheating with Bill only months before Anthony was
born of course I questioned whether he was actually my son who wouldn't during the Paula Jones case
in 1998 Dolly Kyle Browning a friend of Clinton since childhood publicly admitted she had carried
on a 17 year long affair a sexual affair with the former president but questions whether she had
given birth to Clinton's love child have not surfaced until now and the news the news is bound to
develop the Clinton's troubled marriage and yet another scandal this could destroy their
marriage citizens close to the Clinton's it's one thing for Billy to fool around with this guided
intern like Monica Lewinsky but it's quite another for Hillary Daphne D with the possibility of a
love child by a 54 year old woman whom Bill is romance since his high school days if it's good
enough for Jesse Jackson now come it's not good enough for Baba huh why not the bad news is Jesse
it was tricked into a hospital in Chicago with like some whatever I got that later on here I might
have to schmit can but the bad news is he's out he's okay dammit and the inquire has learned
exclusively that Pearson has never had a DNA test to find out if Dolly son is his or the
ex-presidents I think they should do that on Mari I think they should do that on passions
and then of course what's your name can always fake the results of the test because Eve is
going to threaten her with whatever Pearson decided to come forward with his sensational
disclosures after years of humiliation at the hands of his wife's famous lover who the betrayed
husband claims did little to hide his hot and heavy affair with Dolly the lawyer insisted Clinton's
brazen in dollar he destroyed his life he told the inquire that over the years the anguish caused by
his wife's affair with Clinton Robbins marriage his family is self-esteem his partridge in his
piratry and devastated his professional life in a steady downward spiral he went from prosperity
to near poverty today he's alone rarely works and lives off his meager savings in a Dallas
motel how do you like that i'm convinced if bill had stopped seeing Dolly we could have made
our marriage work but she was so distracted by him that we never had a chance at Pearson
i've never been able to recover from the heartache i suffered from Dolly's affair with Bill Clinton
there have been times when i've just been solo i wanted to stop living altogether
Pearson met in Mary Dolly after she divorced her first husband by whom she had three daughters
Dolly told him on the next page she'd been Clintons lover he said but had no idea the
affair was still going on i knew that bill Clinton and my wife were involved because we were ever
before we were ever married because she would boast about it and rub it in my nose constantly
Pearson recalled she'd rub it in his pus Dolly used to brag that bill was very well in doubt
and that they would sometimes have sex four times in one hour how do you like that
sports court sports court sports court sports court sports court sports court sports court
huh what's wrong with having an important present huh she said they'd secretly meet in
the rock and have steamy sex till the early morning hours sometimes she'd brag that even do it in
the backseat of her car hearing stories about her sex with Bill was very hurtful but every time it
came up so to speak she promised me that the relationship was over and like a fool i believed
to reset Pearson struggled to deny the awful truth of his wife's adultery even though we found
much of her behavior hard to explain her frequent trips to Little Rock and her contacts with Bill
Clinton made him uncomfortable at the time between 1979-1980 i was a prominent attorney in Dallas
and governor Clinton was referring some civil cases to me from liberal rock Pearson recalled
but i didn't want to believe that the governor of Arkansas the same man who appeared to be trying
to further my career was also having an affair with my wife on October 13th 1980 when i want a very
large case for the client he had referred to me Bill sent me a letter on Arkansas governor's
stationery that read thank you for all your help i'll never forget it yeah i've had you never
forgot it because Dolly's trips to Little Rock and become as frequent as three and four times a
month he says a source close to the family says it was the birth of Dolly's son Anthony 20 years
ago that fourth Pearson to face the painful truth about his marriage over seven years family and
friends began to express doubts about the baby's paternity noting that Clinton and Dolly had
had sexual relations she's relations frequently around the time that Anthony was conceived then
finally Pearson himself became suspicious things really went from bad to worse after Anthony was
born a source told the inquirer in the 18 months span prior to Anthony's birth Dolly was traveling
as much as four times a month the Little Rock where she and Bill would meet secretly at the
camelot in and spend evenings in the throes of passion i think they were just watching reruns of
passion Paul grew extremely frustrated that Dolly was abandoning their family to spend so much
little time in Little Rock but he really loved her and couldn't convince her to stop whenever Dolly
was at home pulse as she'd practically ignore him and their children and was constantly complaining
that their sex life had all but stopped then seven years after Anthony was born the rumors people
were telling Paul about Dolly's affair with Bill finally began to sink in by 1985 Paul knew
all the tour details of Dolly's affair with Bill and it started to question whether Anthony was
actually his biological son and the story goes on and on and I'll let you go out and buy it okay
in the inquirer but on page 35 here are the pictures can you spot the resemblance how young Anthony
Pearson left above and below matched up against young Bill throughout the years and it's got those
pictures in quite frankly yeah oh man that's him is it a match it's a match and the abor doesn't
go back and the board just freezes in the psychotic anticipation goes nuts so go out and buy the
inquirer believe me you'll love us seeing the pictures and you'll love reading about Bubba as if
this is some great surprise and like I said if Jesse Jackson can have a stinkin love child how come
Bubba can't have a love child huh and I'll guarantee if he ditches that bitch that the dyke swillery
be the best thing that ever happened in his life you know oh man party gets the house though she
can have it yeah she can have it 11 past 11 at 560 WQM we got the mad dog Jim managed it one
handkit three and then from there it goes downhill steadily you know if you're tearing the hassles
with your cellular service tear that $50 a month plan you that you thought you purchased which
winds up costing a hundred dollars a month then get on the team with team Celtek at Celtek
communications you're authorized next tell representative for over 25 years Celtek's been providing
South Florida with the best service they take the hassle away from dealing with the cellular
company not to mention the expense right now next tell shared rewards plan allows you to share
4,000 monthly minutes with free incoming calls for only for a 5499 let me say it again 5499
Celtek has got a great selection of other plans no matter what your budget with most including
free incoming calls nationwide long distance caller ID voice mail and next tell us unique direct
connect to a radio feature so whether it's one or a thousand phones take it from me and our very
own superstar J. Feeder who is the spokesman here he's all over the place Celtek communications
your authorized next tell representative is the only way to go call 1-800 Celtek to today and get
connected that's 1-800 CELTEC in the number two Celtek communications keeping us
from Mark Lang's video on sports radio 5-60-8 in Ray Ham
seasonal fact in the church we now go live to the Vatican welcome to the Cardinals Vatican meeting
please step inside and shut the door so we can begin
all right let's bring out the boys
I was going to play that Don Cox thing again but you know why bother hardy yeah
what's the dance like rubbing in I do chat nougat Tennessee as college student allegedly
shot and killed his parents and sister after dispute over credit card that he'd run up authority said
Peter Boyington 24 was charged yesterday with three counts of first to reemer in the deaths of
his father Nigel 50 mother Jeradinia 49 and that's her name Jeradinia and sister Amanda 22 all three
were shot to death Saturday in the family's home in Appasin an affluent community about 20 miles
east of Chattanooga sure of John Cups said Peter Boyington told investigators there was a family
discussion about his spending on the of families credit cards he went upstairs got his father's
gun came back downstairs and shot him in the kitchen area and there's nothing worse than getting
shot more more painful than getting shot in the kitchen area especially by the sink oh my god
the only thing worse than getting shot in the kitchen areas getting shot in the
rectum Cups said Peter Boyington a psychology student at the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga
had maxed out credit cards spending more than a five grand and he said the family was having
financial problems all three victims have been shot multiple times I guess they won't be
complain about it anymore Cups said Peter Boyington told investigators that after shooting his
family he changed his clothes drove to another area discarded the gun investigators recovered the
weapon Cups said so obviously he did just as good a job as Robert Blake and hid in the peace
nice going there son unbelievable college students out of control well I just shook my thing and
I'm not really sure whether it's working or not seems to be helping a little bit I shook my
ink thing up good that's the only part but I'm supposed to do that only like at the end when it's
run out of ink that's what works with this one I don't know what you have up there
tourists I don't know they just uh there's something a little I'll I'll get some new ones okay I'll
call today on my tab by the way Bob remote don't worry I know the company's really strapped right
now I know times are tough on my tab don't worry about it I've taken that pole is going hot and
heavy and the the um don't like to tone people have switched over to the no calls thing you can
always tell when all of a sudden there's an enormous flurry I mean we've been doing this a long time
Georgia and I can both see when there's like a gigantic flurry off of the same category on a pull
but that's okay have a good time what do you dislike most about Neil's show nothing it's fine 97
nothing I like it better than ever 73 no phone calls 59 which wasn't really doing all that big
before but now it's up well still in 60 less than 16 percent don't like the tone of the show 54
don't like that tone yeah 54 people said that too much reading 27 too many priest stories 25
not enough comedy bits 19 too many comedy bits 10 and goalie scot 10 oh which was a late addition
on there just for all my leaf fans out there what's right we could put go sends go to be a fair
equal time for the senator fan oh but we won't oh and speak in a hockey fans oh my gosh I'm
watching at the Montreal game in Carolina yesterday that said performances of Canadians fold it up
after the coach blew the game the other night but I'm gonna tell you something Carolina now
now see you're always talking about North Carolina how much you love it right this is in um
rolly okay I love the mountain by the way you have been there I love the mountains
of North Carolina where there are no people that's what I like about it
see they started their franchise carolina which is the most vulgar franchise in all the sports
besides of the south Florida baseball team in Montreal but they started the franchise in Greensboro
because the new arena wasn't ready yet and then they said oh when we move to rolly the permanent
facility there it's gonna be the greatest I just want to make sure it's in rolly okay I don't
want to get this wrong let's see where's the story about the uh where's the story about the
thing there how they don't even have a damn uh uh geez what kind of crap is this it's in rolly
so the first couple of playoff games at home they could even sell a mouth Carolina that's what a great
hockey town in sport I mean what do they know about hockey they don't know about nothing nothing
nothing so so now of course they're all in the bandwagon they were in the second round they got
a three-to-game suit to lead in Montreal they're one game away from advancing to the next round the
conference finals and I noticed a shot in the crowd they showed his big fat tubby typical red
necki looking guy and it looks like a buford puzzle you know that kind of looking guy and I thought
to myself oh they can't all look like that all 18,000 plus people in the stands there they can't
all be a bunch of mug ones so late in the game they actually uh the camera they they had some time
and they like pan the crowd even the young people looked like that I mean everybody looks like that
like they like the people from Nashville like they uh were hatched in a uh in a cave somewhere out
of a out of a big old egg that's them yeah that's them all right north Carolina man hockey town my ass
what what a joke Carolina hurrah koons my ass but they're gonna win it looks like because Canadians have
folded up they folded up their tent since the netty airport terminal evacuated hebron Kentucky
that sounds like a Jewish thing don't a Hebrew Kentucky I thought hebron was in Israel it is
hebron Kentucky police evacuated the main terminal at Cincinnati Northern Kentucky International Airport
for three hours on Sunday after a passenger tried a border plane where they cigar cutter in his
boot when a screen read a security checkpoint found the small life the man ran into a secure air
of the terminals of Kathleen Bergen a spokesman for the west department of transportation the terminal
which handles 92% of the airport's traffic was shut down to 910 am and the three concoors were
evacuated and searched all reopened by 1210 pm passengers were allowed back in after being re-screened
passengers on the ten flights that left the airport during the event evacuation were screened upon
arrival their destination and you know what the investigation turned out when they finally got a
hold of this guy a cigar cutter and what else do you think he had here's the clue the guard
work no marijuana there you go how do you like that huh the wacky weed that's why he ran like hell I
don't think most of us would run if we you know brought us a guard cutter in our luggage for you know
absent mindedly no no man he had the wicked weed he had the wacky weed in there
now what is this thing you just facts me about sex scandals and American presidencies this
worthwhile I don't really think so it'll kill some good times someday when we have nothing else but
we got lots today we got lots of crap today baby and of course any day that we run out of stuff
like that we can open the phone say hey give us a call five six at but we're not today you want to
take one call do I want to well no I'll take one it says 63 people on there are just like most
the fact we don't take any calls how about one call you think that'll pass if I go well let's
give it a shot five six seven oh five sixty there's a raspberry guy right there
well I'll tell you what let's let's give it a shot wq a m hello yes sir oh my god yes
it's me and it's you sound just like you how are you deal I'm doing great how about you sir
I'm not as well as you I'm sure right well I don't know congratulations on your new format thank you
how do you like it it's working fine well that's good no complaints no more on the phone right
did you call for like a particular purpose it is because I said we take a call that's why
okay well have a great day sir and thanks for a wonderful call thank you see that was paneless
that guy sounds like he's crappin his pants he is in a state of shock not only was it
Neil but he actually took my call or is it the other way around something like that how do you like
them Apple do good I said would take like one or two now all these mcgulls put them all on hold there
you know I don't I mean after that that didn't quite and all I mean he was okay I'm not going to
put that guy down but he was I don't know you think that I had a lot a lot to the show well let's
give one more shot okay one more try Q a.m. Hello Neil
and I see that that's that one's not going to be on you can just tell you know I'm saying that
that's all I know from that that was the first one that called by the way online oh that was the
first I'm just saying all I had to do is hear the way he said my name and I know he could not
possibly be on his show there's no way just one word remember that song by Doris Troy just one
word no I think that's going to be on a playlist on magic no just one look by Doris Troy better be
on there or I'm going to come down and steal Rick Shaw's cap okay you clowns and don't be
picking on my friend Rick Shaw he's not the problem that PD that Bob what's his name asshole
you just said you have an Alexander Hamilton you got shot WQ I am
hello yeah yes sir
now what was that that there it was what was it exactly what you heard
I a yoana hang up WQ I am
the morning yes sir I just wanted to let you know that I'm in my early 30s
and I'm a gay man but that's neither here nor there no it's not
we want more phone calls baby yeah oh my god I tell you I hit the mother low just like Diana said
in network we struck the mother load boy okay you can get rid of all those other collars now
Miguel you can just uh or just let them hang on they can they can hang on and then maybe if the mood
strikes me but I sure doubted I might go back and take some more those really nifty calls I mean
that was uh special just like the corn in deliverance they were sure was special one it
I don't know what to say it worked for me it was a phenomenal added tons of my show
so let's see 64 no calls okay well I guess they must have enjoyed that there you go I want to
please everybody you can't please the whole world but I'm trying to do the best I can you know
please at least like 5% of the audience out there 26 past 11 and 560 of course we could have had
the crow call and you know and do some ristus and stuff and the I heard him for a couple minutes
this weekend I thought I'd pee my pants I mean how can we possibly have him oh that's right he's
got a cult following I forgot I'll tell you a product that's got a gigantic growing following
that's champion light and guess what the good news is what you got some yeah I got it I got
some and champion light too that's right my frigid air is full of it and the champion light also
so if you want to get yourself a great tasting sports ring that's good tasting and good
free at the same time this is really your only choice gatorade's loaded with sugar it's loaded
with carbohydrates it's loaded with all the stuff that you're trying to get rid of when you work
out champion light has none of that crap it's got all the electrolytes you need after workout
and it's also got no sugar no calories no carbohydrates no caffeine no crap to make
a long story short it's just a fantastic product you'll enjoy a lot and now it's available in
six delicious new and improved flavors too orange lemon lime grapefruit punch black raspberry and
or blue raspberry whatever they call it and what's the other one lemonade and don't forget
PD Lenny sends me 75 different messages today so let me make sure I can decipher this correctly
you can sample the all new champion light flavors this Saturday for free by joining dolphins quarter
back jf e lerr at the new walmart superstar he's everywhere now j he's just all over the place
join jf e lerr at the new walmart 38-01 turtle creek driving coral springs 10 30 in the morning
till two in the afternoon this Saturday and say hey jgimme some in some champion light too or if
you'd like to fight out the store nearest you that carries it just look up their impressive website
a champion light L y
j
So look for the car crashy.
1132 at 560 WQM happy Monday to it.
Not a bad day.
How's it there about 150 degrees in the shade?
At the moment it'll get hotter.
Do you know everybody I talked to there has got one thing on her mind and that is the
story that I mentioned last week was in a paper a few days ago about the fact that it's
going to be maybe the hottest summer on record and sound phone.
It's going to be just unbearable right unbearable.
I mentioned in Miguel before the show started today while you were taking one of your
14 craps.
The fact that once it gets to Easter and past over and I mentioned this already on a year
because I lose track.
Yeah, you mentioned it.
Oh, well, let me mention it again because of the heat and the humidity.
Nobody who can afford to get out of there stays there.
I mean the snowbirds leave and everybody else leaves too if they can if they can afford to
go someplace else like here or anywhere.
I mean good golly Miss Molly just going to be well anyway.
I don't want to rub it in because the weather here's nothing to write home about but
an Amsterdam it was pretty good at least in the a the telegraph.
How's my friend Hans doing out there I have a terrible story I guess I should find it now.
I hate to do it two bad stories in a week from Amsterdam to violent stories which is pretty unusual.
Here it is blast rip support car and needle on.
We just tell them like it is we let the chips fall where they may okay the Schmidt fall where it may.
Run some nettle and explosion ripped apart a car in front of the house of a local politician
in southern ethylons on Saturday five days after the lead of a national political movement was shot to death.
No one was injured in the blast which severely damaged the car belonging to the wife of another politician,
a city alderman and Brunsson near the German border in about 12 miles from the Dutch city of Maastricht.
Police said the explosive may have been a grenade.
The politician was identified as Jay Steiner of the local Christian Democratic Party.
Steiner told police he feared the motive was political and requested police security.
The national broadcasting company NOS reported.
Last summer the car Brunsson's mayor was set on fire.
A suspect was never found and police were investigating whether the two attacks could be linked.
The attack came five days after Dutch politician Pimforto was assassinated in a parking lot after finishing a radio interview.
Police have charged a thirty-two year old Dutchman with a killing but have not found a motive.
The attack in Brunsson seemed to be unrelated.
How do you like that?
There are a control in needle on.
A lot of crazy people that's a bottom line.
Crazy people everywhere who don't know the difference basic difference like I said last week
between right and wrong between killing people or trying.
Like that punk kid Luke Helders, Shosh Melder, whatever Helderskelder whatever his name is.
That's a good one.
Yeah Luke Helderskelder.
Well we have to find out what was troubling him and we have to examine his motives
and we have to examine the writings and the happy face and see the symbol as we are right.
Anybody 21 year and then they're interviewing the teachers again.
It's been on CNN.
CNN knew people over there should croak a wicked death.
I can't stand except for Bill Hummer.
He's a good guy and used to look pretty good without the makeup.
But I mean what a network that is.
The crap news network CNN.
And they got that Paula on there asking these stupid idiotic and stupid questions.
And then we got Wolf Blitzkrieg interviewing yes or I'm a fart.
You know it would it they could bring Hitler back if they found he was still alive.
I could just see tonight Wolf Blitz or interview's eight off Hitler says are you still going to be a meanie
or are you going to be a nice guy and work for peace you know.
Why what kind of crap is that?
CNN is for people who got like the the intellect of a three year old which is why I watch it.
Joliet what does call something that was boy.
I think I'm coming down with something after hearing those calls.
Oh we missed the calls Neil that's what made the show right.
That's what made it unbearable.
That's what made it terminal.
That's what made it freaking ponderous and unacceptable.
In the past two months 10 of about 200 priests affiliated with the Roman Catholic diocese of Joliet Illinois have been.
Now if I can read this this has got to be the smallest printing that you just facts me a little while ago.
Did you take a look at this?
It's pretty small.
Man.
Have been suspended or presided in allegations of sexual misconduct with minors giving these suburban dioceses one of the highest percentages nation of priest removed from their ministry since the national
purgey sexual abuse scandal broke in January according to the Chicago sometimes analization of reported cases finding by comparison the arts diocese of Chicago which took steps to deal with sexual abuse by minors of priest decades ago or eight decade ago has removed one of its nearly 950 active diocese priest from its ministry since January because of allegations of sexual misconduct.
In other words only one out of nine 50 but in Joliet 10 out of 200 which is one 20th which is 5% in the Cleveland diocese which has 480 diocese and priest.
11 have been removed which what's that one about 2% okay yeah I'm good on that math baby I'm sharp on this if you think I'm going to try to read the rest of this teeny if the audience could see it they'd say holy crap that old guy still got good eyesight but of all that fish food and that is these turtle man.
You have to have a goddamn telescope to read that crap too much reading the elats the problem oh let's take some more great calls.
Oh sorry or let's put on CNN.
You're going to make it a new one.
That's another one of those shows that everybody raved about Mary Tyler Morsho hated it.
I don't this like her I mean she's okay I can take her reliever she's alright she never stole her freight train but I just hated that show I didn't like Dick Van Dyke I can't stand him he makes me sick of my stomach.
Do you think he's funny?
No I don't never did hated Dick didn't like to show either now they mention it and I never got it yeah never got that show.
It's just just out of funny show and you know who else was on that show I think it was that show was Rose Marie wasn't she on there I think she was stick to Hollywood squares honey I'm sure she's got to be dead.
Well I get so excited when I have the Hollywood squares on there now the ones with all dead panels that's great.
Flynn Ford and Charlie Weaver and Paul Lind and just a whole bunch of dead folks.
Here's that story about Hillary which I think you're going to find shocking it wasn't bad enough we had to stir and of course that above a thing if that comes out to be true this could really throw monkey wrench into her plans you know it.
Hill for VEEP in 2004 question mark this is in the New York Daily News idea of Senator in number two spot generating a quiet buzz it says.
She has promised unequivocally not to run for president in 2004 but what if Democrats wants Senator Hillary Clinton for VEEP instead.
The idea is being peddled quietly by some Democratic power brokers including her husband Bill Clinton that Philandering douchebag that we all love.
Sources say that when he's asked whether his wife might just run for president in 2004 Hillary's booster in chief talks are up his the bottom half of a Democratic dream ticket.
I think she'd make a better vice presidential candidate Bubba said.
Karen Dunn Hillary Clinton spokeswoman will only say that her boss has said repeatedly that she'll serve out her full six year term and a say don't they always all say that.
Always. Yeah we don't believe it but other Democrats were less circumspect.
She'll probably be at the top of the list at political consultant Tom O'Donnell former top a to a likely 2004 presidential candidate.
House Minority Leader Richard Gebhardt Democrat of Missouri who you can't complain about his personality because he doesn't have one.
She's got a pretty good following O'Donnell added Dan Good fundraiser I think she'd be a damn good asset whoever the nominee will beat.
Damn it. He even said damn about 16 times in there. Just like Tom Jicke and that voicemail who said God damn over and over again.
Can you believe little Tom Jicke? Good nice ball hit a guy like him saying God damn on the radio.
A senior Republican official agreed she'd added tremendous amount of energy to the ticket officials said the left wing women's groups hollywood unions they'd love it.
What connected Democratic political operative told the Daily News that former first lady to be resounding plus for the ticket and a particularly good match with Gebhardt or Senator John Edwards Democrat of North Carolina was made no secret of his intention to run.
He wants to be president. Now there's Southern Mugwam. Why he's not a mugwam but he's just I don't know. You ever see him? No.
He's just a guy lingering bad blood from the 2000 presidential campaign however probably rule out an Al Gore Hillary Clinton tandem.
Hillary still angry that Gore criticized her husband scandals of a court or a credit sources said they don't talk much to the Clinton insider and evidently she hasn't read the inquiry yet.
I said Hillary Clinton would be a polarizing figure for the GOP base which loves to hate air but wouldn't vote Democratic anyway and her presence on the ticket would give Republicans a potential opening to resurrect the scandal baggage that played both Clinton's during their White House years.
But Hillary Clinton brings assets that no one else on the party's radar screen can touch star power and fundraising prowess.
She quickly raised more than $1.6 million for the political action committee she opened soon after the 2000 election and she's handed out checks to the Democratic House and sent a candidates across the country.
She's also in heavy demand as a fundraiser for a congressional and party colleagues and my colleague, Adam Kirschner.
Political service say Clinton would get a pass from her 2000 campaign plan to serve her full six year term made in the context of whether she'd run for president if she were tamper the number two spot if the ticket lost she still keep her Senate seat and could be well positioned for a presidential run in 2008.
Are these people dreaming or what?
Man like I said forfeit just put up the big sign there forfeit.
I mean do you have any idea how many people hate her like poison? Yeah everybody.
Yeah and the only reason she won so big in New York was because Gore won New York in a jug and a landslide so she got sucked in by the co-tails you know but she was like barely head of that little twerp.
What was that guy from Long Island that she ran against?
Oh out of sight out of mind he was a little bit more.
He was barely a couple points ahead and it was nippin-tuck until the election when Gore won New York by 80 trillion votes and she got sucked in.
20 till noon at 5.60 WQ AM he don't get sucked in with some of those ads in the yellow pages for carpet cleaning places because almost all of Mara scam.
They give you that per room special deal you know and at the end of the job they add on all kinds of extra cash all kinds of extras that you weren't expecting in a wine of cost you an arm in the leg dry concepts never does that because they do it the fairway the honest way they give you a written guaranteed price before they roll up their sleeves and start doing the job and then they give you the most incredible job of carpet cleaning available to man because they dry clean your carpets like I've been telling you for years which I've used them in my house for over 20 years they suck out even the deepest down dirt in the fibers of your carpets even Linda Lovelies should be impressed by the way they suck out that they're not going to be able to do it.
Your color stay more vivid and vibrant and your carpets will feel softer the touch and they smell a little fresh as well they stay cleaner longer which makes them last longer to in their dry and just a couple of hours so all the way around you can't beat the fantastic job the dry concepts do on your floor.
Treat yourself and your carpets to a spring cleaning today in Broward call 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 7 8 that's 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 7 7 8 in Dayton Palm Beach you can call them toll free the numbers 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 1 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 please tell them that Neil told you to call don't forget clean today you can entertain tonight when you do it with dry.
You a. M. Where you fudge back.
They want us to find a way to reimburse and for back pay no from 200 years ago when they were slaves when I only have a mobile home.
A people in a pinch of school so if you want to ask me how here's what I got to say you've got to kiss a nigger good morning.
You tell them that you're sorry for it's labor.
I want to give you a kiss that's for everybody to his dead and call.
If I was born in 1802, I would enslave things something I do but what were dead people did to you I have to take the plane.
I would get the L4 and old honey I would the can of smell it cherry it back instead of 40 acres and the blue I have a better way.
You've got to kiss a nigger good morning.
You're playing on how they fare it for good.
Yes a nigger good morning and that's your resolution for it's slave it you.
Yes a nigger good.
You tell him that you're sorry for it's labor.
You got yes nigger good morning and that's forever but it's who is dead and gone.
46 and 560 WQA of happy Monday to you.
Here's the fact that says you show us 100% better without calls I can actually learn something while I work.
The only thing I ever learn from your call is the rule of 21.
Rule of 21 is 20 out of every 21 people are morons.
Absolutely correct.
There you go.
Good point.
421 votes on our survey already they are sponsoring response.
What?
You said 21.
Like I said the rule of 421.
See how he see he's very attentive to them I'm not really sure why I think he's still a little bit nervous.
Uh huh. He's still like on pins needles.
What are you talking about?
He's a little bit nervous.
Miguel told me you're sitting like right on the edge of the seat.
Of course Miguel you haven't worked a long enough to understand what that means.
There's more coming from what he dropped this morning anyway.
What are you a dislike most about Neil show we asked nothing it's fine 106.
That's 25.1%.
Uh nothing I like it better than ever 85 another 20%.
How do you like that huh?
We got a pretty happy audience it sounds like to me and especially those way through your four calls I took those were sensational man.
But no phone calls 68.
Don't like the tone 54 they kind of like eased off on that they backed off you notice.
Yeah. Too many pre stories 29 too much reading 29 not enough comedy bits 21.
Gold leaves go 16.8.
And too many comedy bits 13 sucking win in last place anybody would say too many comedy bits.
Just a people don't look a book about what's his name?
Book a broad.
Speaking of what's his name Robert Blake flips out.
His family and friends are for our worries gonna kill himself you familiar with this story.
Nope. Are you familiar with gays candle rocks the spice girls?
No.
They're gay.
Go.
Got some good stuff here for you.
Right can't wait.
Both from the inquirer I should point out that he inquirers great the other tabloids you know if it's like for fun and games you want to kill some time on a plane like I do get the other tabloids and didle around with him you know but if you want to learn something that's actually once in a while pretty true.
In fact look at this inquirer evidence keeps Blake and jail.
This is shocking I hadn't even seen this it's like down in the bottom corner of the story.
Los Angeles County Superior Court judge Lloyd Nash has allowed prosecutors to introduce blockbuster evidence obtained by the inquirer in the Robert Blake murder case last year the inquirer handed over to detective shocking audio tapes that Blake's frightened wife
bodily bakedly recorded before her murder detailing threatening conversations she had with the Beretta star.
The inquirer also gave police handwritten letters from bakedly to Blake that document their troubled marriage.
The transcript of one conversation in which Blake confronted bakedly in 1999 was presented inside the Van Ayes California courtroom is part of a 60 page prosecution motion opposing Blake's release on bail on first the
Remurder charges the motion mentioned that the tapes have been provided by the inquirer the 1999 conversation Blake told bakedly you deliberately got pregnant for the rest of your life
you'll have to live with that and for the rest of my life on ever forget it.
After the court hearing report us from newspapers and TV stations scrambled for copies of the transcript but inquirer readers were way ahead of them they knew all about the blockbuster recordings when we first reported the details exclusively in our May 29, 2001 issue after reviewing the tapes and letters judge Nash tonight Blake bail honey like that.
The inquirer is doing it man.
If we can just get the inquirer to nab O Jam put his nasty ass away once and for all then then we really hit the jackpot.
Anyway it says the robber Blake is flipping out inside his tiny jail cell throwing fits screaming crying complaining constantly and saying he'll kill himself rather than spend the rest of his life behind bars.
You know what he wants most in that jail is what I'm hearing?
I give up.
A cockatoo.
I thought you remember burrito I remember Blake is going nuts and inside of the inquirer he's having a total breakdown.
He's complaining he can't sleep can't eat can't read he's driving the jailers crazy he's got a new complaint every few minutes he told the jailers I can't lie on this about the old mattress he said maybe out of called dial amateurs there you go Bobby they deliver an idea for you.
He said I'm a frail old man this is inhumane treatment.
It's gotten to the point that when he start screaming for something the guards just ignore him they let him scream for a long time before they even acknowledge him they're fed up with him.
He's barely eating he's already lost weight the guards have snickered that he sure acted like a tough guy before he got there and now suddenly he's a frail old man.
They believe he's just trying anything he can to think to get out of there but his screaming is making them ignore him so the more he fights it the worst things get for him.
People involved in the investigation believe that if he thinks he's going to spend the rest of his life behind bars he's going to find a way to kill himself.
How do you like that?
The former movie star now spends his days locked in an 8x10 foot cell in the 7100 high power module of the men central jail in Los Angeles known as MCJ.
Oh do you hear his latest record by the way MCJ?
Nope.
He's rapid and hammered instead of his tailor made clothes black is wearing an ill-fitting blue smock with MCJ on a back and blue pants the source of the present totally inquirer.
Well it's a good thing he's not wearing them checkered pants like South Florida.
Instead of expensive shoes he wears black slippers that inmates have to shuffle and to keep them to keep them on their feet.
He has to wear a red plastic wristband signifying he's a high security inmate and he wears a white t-shirt and white boxer shorts with Los Angeles County jail written on him.
Oh geez.
He sleeps on a hard metal bunk with sheets in a blanket and no pillow the cell is just a sink and a turl it without a seat.
Oh I hate those toilets without a seat don't you?
How can you never mind?
I guess very uncomfortable.
You've never taken a squat on a toilet without a seat?
No.
I can't imagine.
Well in other words the answer is yes how about Miguel have you ever taken a crap out of toilet with no seat?
No.
Well what's wrong with you guys man?
I mean we're not in any of the place like a restaurant or something you go in and a seat has been busted or whatever.
It's like sitting off to the side and you got nothing but a nice porcelain bust there.
Hey cold.
It's a good way to learn balancing man delicate balancing so you don't like your ass don't fall right in.
Blake is in a cell in front of where the guards are so they can constantly constantly see it with cell through a window in the door.
They're keeping Blake away from the other inmates in high power many of whom are dangerous gang members who would kill him in just a minute just to make a name for themselves.
Blake has to eat every meal in his cell he doesn't like the food one night he had beans and hot dogs for dinner and cool cuts on a roll for lunch and oatmeal for breakfast.
He gets to shower every other day and will get clean underwear sheets and towels once a week clean underwear once a week.
Another prison source told the inquired that when Blake first arrived after being charged with killing his wife Bonnie Lee Bayclay he was shaking and crying.
I'm scared what they're going to do to me he cried he didn't look anything like the cocky actor used to tell funny stories onto the night show with his old buddy Johnny Carson.
Blake freaked out when he was forced to strip for intimate physical examination said the prison source he began to shake in terror as the enormity of what he was facing hit him he realized that for all intents and purposes his life is over.
Oh the inquired were learned that in the time of despair Blake has reached out to his old pal Johnny Carson like I just mentioned only moments ago Blake calls him collect from the jail.
Blake is despondent as told Johnny that he's been on a suicide walks at a source close to Carson Johnny told Blake to remember he's innocent until proven guilty and assured him he can make it through these trying times Johnny lifts his spirits like no one can.
Maybe Ed McMahon calls and you think Ed calls like they get on like a conference call and that's when Blake picks up the phone and he goes here's John you know just to cheer him up a little bit and Johnny comes on you think they do that no I don't.
At a May 1st quarter parents Blake was denied bailed and incredibly that came as a great relief to his close friends and family Robert's family and friends are worried sick that he's going to kill himself said a family source is daughter Delina and pal pals don't want him released on bail they say he's not at risk of fleeing he's at the risk of committing sausages.
Blake phoned a pal from jail and was nervous and babbling his buddy is really worried because even before he was arrested Blake you told him he'll never go to jail how he'd kill himself before that happened well better like that never.
So you don't want that you think he's a good guy I don't think he's a good guy I think he should just get life or whatever.
Gay scandal Iraq Spice Girls. Oi!
The Spice Girls have been plunged into a gay scandal by shocking allegations about the intimate relationship between Mel B and Jerry Hallowell.
You know not that I think of it at Jerry Hallowell she's pretty butch looking you know what I'd ever noticed.
She makes me sick.
She did it's raining men which definitely didn't need to be redone now it's raining men if you're going to do a video of that it lends itself to having like a lot of hunky hot guys in there and instead she's busy showing off her hot new body after like whatever they did you know like post-suction or whatever they did and like you know who they want to see her she's a beast anyway.
Yeah let's hear the weather rules okay instead of freaking Jerry phallow well.
Nice one. Good morning and I was pretty good talk I can't even hear it.
The affuting pair of enemies now but a one time Mel B scary Spice and van made Jerry were very close friends as Mel Zaksabi Jimmy Gullsar.
Jimmy made the lesbian charges in the documentary that Mel tried to have banned from broadcast on the BBC a her bitter exes lifted the lid on what he calls the not so platonic relationship between his former wife and one time Spice World Jerry trumpeted a London newspaper.
Oh they love that stuff and London man careful not to explicitly spell out the exact nature their relationship Jimmy tells viewers that the pair was in him it as he was with Mel.
Jimmy you got divorced from the Spice Girl after 16 months also told an interview that Mel and Jerry had a relationship with each other that goes deeper than a lot of people think really deep.
Rumors about Jerry sexuality have been swirling around the pop world for a long time that holds the music insider she's never had a long term boyfriend.
She seemed closer to oh wait till you hear this. She seemed closer to a British singer than anybody and he's you know what is no George Michael.
Oh so people are proud to speculate.
But Jimmy's gone further than anybody and suggesting that Jerry had a gay relationship with Mel it's shocking because Mel has always been seen as the sexiest Spice Girl and there's never been a hint that she's bisexual.
No wonder she wanted this English TV documentary band. Since she went solo in 98 Jerry's Ranchie's Day Genics have hit the headlines and sparked outrage at one London concert when she was licked funneled and kissed by her female dancers live on TV.
Wild, child Jerry took a swipe at a roll group when she performed a one woman gig at a London gay club backed by lookalike Spice drag queens.
Last year Jerry threw on more logs on a fire when she confessed she was going through a gay phase and admitted she found Jennifer Lopez curvy behind very sexy.
Even Mel C's Sporty Spice who boasts 10 tattoos has felt compelled to deny on several occasions that she's a dike says Mel C. The fact is I'm not gay.
How do you like that huh?
Who cares about them anyway?
Let me 50 seven at five sixty WQM. Hey, I'll tell you somebody who's not anything. He's just a horny bastard and that's our good friend Jeff Cohen at Pizza Love.
Jeff was in there Friday bringing you a beautiful lunch. I'm sure it was.
It was a beautiful thing that he actually hoard his way on the air. By the way, I'm not giving you my number up here. Jeff, so leave me alone. All right. Between you and PD Linny, I don't want to be bugged.
Your great guy, a good friend, but go away. Anyway, Pizza Love is one of the world's best pizzas. You know, they're located in the Pizza Love class university driving Davey between Griffin and 595.
Tonight and every Monday is lasagna night at the loft Tuesday's eight plant night. My one of these dinners on these nights get the second one for only five bucks.
Wednesday kids eat free with adults. They can see Jeff's name is magic show Thursday's bike night at the loft. Come on a motorcycle by one didn't get the second one for that price.
Try it all, baby. The best garlic rolls in the world. Three different kinds of pizza, great Italian chicken dishes and veal and seafood calcones, super subs. And don't forget coming very soon.
The second of the loft, a second opening or the opening of a how do you say that? A new location right out there by me and Westbrow in the plantation acres area.
A knob Hill and sunrise right beyond Walgreens. They're going to be opening a new pizza lock this summer. When do you say at the end of the summer?
How do you say what? Yes, anyway, for take out or let's see, you're not keeping up, man. You got to go real fast to keep up with the bathroom.
For take out or delivery or catering call a pizza lock that nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty nine one six eighty eighty nine.
Ocean Cadillac wants to know your name.
The Neil Roger show on five six. He's only Q a. M. I. N. For learning.
Mr Blake's behalf regarding this case. We could not get any statements from attorney Braun at this point. However, we understand that a white cockatoo name Fred.
Best known for sitting on Mr Blake's shoulder in the TV series, Beretta. Okay, we see Fred has entered the room and is about to address the media here.
Do you have any information where Mr Blake might have been at the time of the murder?
The bird has just mentioned something about filthy now. I'm not sure if that is indicative of the condition of this cage at this point Fred, would you be willing to testify in court?
The white cockatoo is just mentioned the word milky again, something sort of non-sequit or not really directly related to this case.
Fred DeBaker, Sun Tons did Mr Blake ever get angry enough at you that you thought he would hurt you.
Interesting bird had mentioned apparently Robert Blake's go T that he wore in the TV series back in early 1977 as a disguise.
Is there anything else we need to know about Mr Blake?
He cockatoo has just made reference to Gayle T. Perhaps a Miss Gayle T and all the acquaintance of Mr Blake perhaps prior to meeting the Bonnie Lee backly?
Fred is hungry and must exit. So that is the end of this news conference. However, thanks to Fred's statements today, perhaps that will lead investigators to answer some very perplexing questions regarding the nature of this murder case.
This will take you back to headquarters in Washington now. Very sad they just don't get it. I've spoken about cockatoo in my time and you know what?
What? You know what he was really saying? What?
Gelldy.
Trust me.
Gelldy.
Talking on a sports show.
Trying to be my show.
Your voice sounds just like a seven year old girl. A little sports host.
What else are you there for? Gelldy.
Gelldy.
Talking like a baby.
Who needs a little training?
Why can't you understand?
You don't sound like a man.
Remove the rubber bands that choke. Your scrubs come to Gelldy.
Gelldy.
Gelldy.
Your lucky management don't care. Cause Gelldy.
You don't belong there on the air. And Gelldy.
Those sports can't wait to your voice cracks. Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
Gelldy.
Gelldy.
When you're gonna grow up. You make us wanna throw up.
You feely squeaky poop. Go to broadcasting school.
You're free to mess it boys. Makes you sound like a butt.
You're a butt.
You're a cockatoo assand.
They just need to get it.
You know I did it again. I did it again speaking of Gelldy.
Can you believe it?
No what. I better get in the swing of things.
I stayed goalsy. But you can call me Gelldy. Whenever I'm in town I listen to. Wait a minute I am in town.
It's the 12th of one hour.
How can I have done that after all this time now?
So we started that in January right?
So this is like four and a half months we've been doing this.
I got it right yet.
No. No.
I'll get it. Here's somebody who got it.
Look at how old this man was. Joseph Joe Banana's banana. Notorious mafia leader dead at 97.
97. How do you like them apples huh?
He died.
Tucson. Joseph Banana, the notorious gangster known as Joe Banana,
is a one of the most powerful mafia groups in the 1950s and 60s.
Died Saturday he was 90 freaking seven.
Banana who retired Arizona 1968 and it suffered from several health problems in recent years.
Died of heart failure said his attorney Alfred Skip.
Dotto. He said Banana died peacefully surrounded by his family.
Is that with the capital F?
Banana was admitted to St. Mary's Hospital on Monday and he literally just faded away
said Dr. David Ben Asher, Banana's physician since the late 1980s.
He was an interesting guy.
People were in contact with him at unsurving loyalty.
Really incredible, Ben Asher said.
They would have done anything for him.
He really engendered loyalty and people.
In other words, sometimes he made an offer.
It couldn't refuse I guess.
At the height of his power, Banana directed one of the five original crime families in New York City.
The public knew him as Joe bananas and it didn't he tested by his own admission.
It was a member of the commission which acted as an organized crime board of directors in New York City and other major US cities.
He did not engage in such on manly activities as narcotics trafficking or prostitution though authority said otherwise.
He's probably the first mafia godfather to die of natural causes said a Butler Yates the Turd who dealt with Banana while serving as US attorney for Arizona until 1981.
I don't think anybody back in the 50s and 60s ever thought that he was going to die of natural causes.
Banana fell from grace during the 1960s repeatedly for trying to become the boss of bosses and what became to be known as the Banana War.
The battle among the crime families resulted in his eventual exile to Tucson where he was hanging out under the protection of the what was the family?
Oh geez.
Don Vincenzo.
Okay.
Whatever I don't remember that.
Whatever they sent the Don Francisco, Don Vincenzo, whatever they sent.
Was there they sent Frado De Vegas?
Right.
To go see his buddy Movin.
His crime family anyway, but I know still bears his name though he maintained his 1983 autobiography that I'm not a father anymore and there is nobody.
I know family anymore.
Right.
So did he have no knowledge?
Did he have an orange in his war?
Why?
Did he have an orange in his hand when he died?
See, I pretended not to hear it.
I didn't hear it the first time.
Even in his waning years, Banana was...
I probably had one.
I'm probably not.
I think a Tangerine.
Or a Banana.
Even in his waning years, Banana was unable to avoid the attention of prosecutors.
In 1988, this succeeded in getting the only felony conviction against him from obstruction of justice for trying to block a federal grand jury investigating his sons.
Evidence that led to the conviction was obtained by an narcotic strike force that stifled that he stifled through his trash.
What is it?
Oh, that sifted.
I'm sorry.
Sifted through his trash for years.
No excuse and ice facts.
A federal judge eventually reduced his five-year sentence to a year in Banana was served nearly eight months in Lexington, Kentucky, Federal Prison, before being paroled in July 84.
Anticozaun about he served in this, he served in...
Banana appeared in 1983 on CBS TV 60 Minutes and collaborated in writing a man of honor, the autobiography of Joseph Banana, which came out the same year.
In 1984, he sued his publisher for 18 million dollars over what he said was a depiction of a cheap gangster on the cover of the paperback version.
Banana was born in the Adi-adi-adi-adi, he was arrested numerous times, Adia, he was accused of transporting guns for Al Capone.
Through his crime family, he established nearly 1930s Banana rose to become a member of the commission.
But he denied them off he existed, writing in his book that the term refers to a process, a special set of relationships among men.
Men, men.
I stay away from the term because it creates more confusion than it's worth, he said.
He described himself in his book as a venture capitalist who invested in business with owners who invited him to become a partner because of his connections.
He said prostitution narcotics, extortion and kidnapping were unmanly and restricted in Anacroix.
He's dead.
Jobananas is dead, long live Jobananas.
I'll tell you what's not dead, it's bigger than the Mary Tyler Moore and the six million dollar man and Phyllis and Roda all put together.
Yeah.
Spider-Man.
Boy.
It says, now you know why they call him the amazing Spider-Man with 72 million dollars in its second weekend, a number that would be a tremendous debut weekend for almost any film,
Spider-Man knocked off Star Wars Episode 1, the Phantom Menace become the fastest movie ever to hit 200 million dollars.
Spider-Man passed this mark on Saturday, it's ninth day of release, it took the Phantom Menace 13 days to reach 200 million.
The comic book adaptation starring Toby McGuire directed by Sam Remy has roast 223.6 million dollars in 10 days according to studio estimates yesterday.
The movie had been the second, had the best second weekend ever, beating the 57.5 million that Harry Potter and the Sorcerer Stone took in over the second period.
They did 72 million Harry Potter 57.5.
God.
This is one of the second weekends, it's almost more impressive than the first of that, it's possible, said Paul, Dera, something or other, Dera Garabedian with 400 letters in his name.
President box office tracker, exhibited relations, the firm is relentless and it's a cool of money, it's relentless man, just like you George, it's relentless.
I thought that was you.
After huge openings, films often know, knows that by 50% or more in the second weekend because so many people have already seen them, Spider-Man held up strongly despite its phenomenal premiere, it's revenue is dipping just 37%.
That's probably the most gravity-defying feat of Spider-Man to hold up like from a number of that size, said Jeff Blake, head of distribution at marketing at Sony, which released the film.
And on and on a coast.
Spider-Man at $72 million over the weekend on faithful 14.2 not even close, in fact, if you take the, I think if you take the next nine together in the top 10, let's see 24, 28, 32, 34, 36, 38, the next nine together have less than 40 million and Spider-Man took in 72 million.
How do you like that, huh?
Great.
For old Spider-Man, he's doing it, baby, and you want to know why that's because we talked about it on the show last week.
It's all ours.
That's right. We want our chunk, we want our chunk, we want our piece, we want our little piece of the pie, that's all.
We just want to taste, I want to wet my beak, just a little bit.
Now, how come I got the window open and it smells like somebody's cooking something outside? How's that possible?
Maybe they are, maybe somebody else with their window open is cooking something.
Oh, man, it smells good. Smells like pasta.
Oh, I can't eat pasta, la pasta, baby, can't eat that.
12 minutes past noon at 5.60 WQM, here's a simple question for you.
If somebody offered to give you several thousand dollars, give you over the next few years, when you accept it, you'd be a fool, you'd be stupid not to take it.
So, it makes it really foolish to pass up a chance to refinance or buy a home at just 3.95%. Here's the deal.
There's a Fannie Mae program out there at 3.95% for both refinancing and purchasing of homes.
Just 3.95% and all you got to do is make one easy phone call to financial group toll free. It's 1-800-940-5363.
I'm telling you that, that's definitely spaghetti.
Oh, the smell of that pasta sauce, enough to drive me to the window to jump.
Call 1-800-940-5363 to be more specific. You can get yourself 100 grand with payments of only $475 a month or 200 grand with payments of just 950 bucks a month.
You'll save thousands and thousands of dollars to be downright stupid, the pass up a chance like that.
So, do the math and do the next smart thing. Get all the details. There's no obligation by calling financial group.
There'll be ecstatic to answer all your questions. Call 1-800-940-Lend, LED. That's 1-800-940-5363.
Equal housing lender, credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change.
And rocking is tonight from Poor Steel in Colorado.
Come and start at 830 on sports radio 5-16-EQAM.
Get a mandate. I f**king come out!
Hello children, welcome to Yasur's Territors Kindergarten. You know what time it is?
It's in the bottom line, isn't it? That's right. And what do we want to be?
We want to be partners. And how do we do this?
We are partners in Hilux Railies. And who are our heroes?
We are talented modern. We are the best people in the world.
And now when we fund our activities with money for vital things,
we'll solve your baby and use it aboard the Black Rim and the Red Carrier.
Children, do we want peace with Israel?
No, we want to kill them and drive them into the sea.
Very good children are scrapped on your bones at times.
It's in the bottom line, isn't it? That's right.
One is your group in mind, isn't it? That's right.
It's in the bottom line, isn't it? That's right.
One is your group in mind, isn't it? That's right.
It's in the bottom line, isn't it? That's right.
It's in the bottom line, isn't it? That's right.
One is your group in mind, isn't it? That's right.
One is your group in mind, isn't it? That's right.
From 18 to 560 WBM, so I took a little while,
but we found the answer to our question.
We got a lot of action on the fax machine today, No.
Amazing! Action Facts!
Rose Marie is still alive.
It's been us. She's surviving Hollywood squares for 85 years and she's still alive.
And the reason we know that is she was one of the more mourners at Milton Brawl's funeral.
And look at this. Among the other mourners were Norm Crosby,
Buddy Hackett, who was a lot on Hollywood squares.
Jan Murray, did we talk about him last week about Hollywood squares?
I don't recall. Yes, we did. He's still alive and he's 84. You better get with it, Mr.
I don't know from Jan Murray.
Buddy Hackett, Jan Murray, Rose Marie, Sidd Cesar, Martin Landau, and
Fivish Finkle. Fivish. Who the hell is that? Fivish Finkle is very popular Jewish actor,
you anti-Semite. Get out of here, Fivish Fink. He's on Boston Public, as we speak.
A hit show. Cox a hoist, Fivish. What kind of a name is that? Fivish. He's been in a million things.
Probably a goi. Anyway, speaking of goi, I'm here's a real, I'm telling you, the aroma of that sauce.
Or whatever that, oh, I can come out through this window, it's just wafting through here.
I'm trying to think, is there like an Italian restaurant close enough here that's like,
no, not that close. Man, just overpowering, you know what I mean? I know what you mean.
Maybe if the window below you, there are a few things in the world that like when they're
cooking the aroma of it just practically overpowers you.
And that's one of them. You know what else is like? A good like that? Brownies.
Oh yeah. Are you going to start with the chocolate again?
Chocolate spaghetti. Although they do make chocolate spaghetti. I'm talking about pasta. Forget
about the brownies. Okay, just and another thing like fudge. Here we go. Do you know how many years
it's been since I've had fudge? In fact, last time I had fudge, probably was on the show.
We had somebody once upon a time when I would be bringing us in fudge and I just about died.
And just like the day that the woman brought into QA a couple of years ago, what did she bring in
that day that nearly killed me? Cookies. Rugle-A?
Rugle-A? Yeah, she brings in Rugle-A. I mean just like taking a needle and just having an injection
of sugar right into my bloodstream and my head started spinning, I thought I was going to puke
and the pass out right there in a goddamn floor. Weren't those those supposedly sugar-free
gruggles? Here in the infarction some smarties to the hockey game. No thanks, there's plenty of
smarties up here if I bought any. No. No, and a smarties ice cream sucks by the way. Blows.
Anyway, speaking of your good close personal friend Bonnie Lee and you'll be pleased to know she's
still dead. Good. Says in this article right here from the New York Post, Bonnie Lee is just as dead
as the guy that Rick Sanchez hid in front of P.P. Park. But anyway, a year before her murder, Robert
Blake's wife told probation officer she had six post brushes with death while living a fast
paste life according to a letter obtained by the New York Post. In a previously undisclosed note
to Arkansas law man, penned in early 2000, Bonnie Lee baked, he said she wanted to move to California
with Robert Blake or Christian Brando, thus attaining the start-up she so desperately sought.
But Blake Lee murdered May 4, 2001 outside of Studio City, Italian restaurant Vatelos,
after having dinner with Blake, said her drive for fame came with a price.
Blake Lee wrote that her poor upbringing made her anxious to find fame and fortune,
even if it put her in harm's way. And this is why I'm driven, almost being killed a half
a dozen times, I know better not to waste any time, Blake Lee wrote asking her permission to move
to California. Blake Lee was on probation in 1966 for an arrest in Arkansas for having fake
ID and stolen credit cards. See, she was an upstanding bitch, right? In that 2000 letter to Arkansas
probation officials, Blake Lee, and by the way, all you punks out there don't ever say,
be odd, just say bitch, okay? Be odd, son, so just come right out and say bitch, you know,
right? I couldn't agree more. Why be around a bush? That fucking bitch. There you go. See,
like, Lee Bailey, man, say it like you mean it, not be odd, so like you have to be a polygetic
person, a bitch is a bitch, okay? Just like there are men who are assholes, of course,
there are women who are assholes too, but whatever, there are men who are schmucks and there are women
who are bitches. And, Bonnie Lee was one of them, of course. In that 2000 letter to Arkansas
probation officials, Blake Lee repeated a recurring theme in much of her correspondence,
her insatiable needy rise above poverty and marry for that security if necessary. I was brought
up dirt poor and always had the dream to either become famous or to marry someone who's already
as famous as I wanted to be bakedly-ro. Well, bad mistake, honey, because you're still dead.
Sometime being, you know, like just an ordinary schlep is not a bad idea. I know. Yeah, like George,
being kind of like pasty and nondescript. In a quiet New Jersey cemetery yesterday, a scene of
tragic sadness played itself out. As fallen backs of all star Jason Williams made a terriide visit
to the grave of the man he's charged with killing. It wasn't the first time Williams has made this
pilgrimage. Sources told the New York Post he's come to the grave of Costa's Gus,
Christophe, almost every week since the Valentine's Day shooting that left the limo driver dead.
During yesterday's visit to former New Jersey net center lead flower struggled with tears
and read from the Bible as he stood before the rose called a headstone. And the Bible says,
you know what the Bible says? Kill him on. Right. He comes a lot. I've seen him twice, but the
security guards says he comes all the time. So the grave dicker, the hillside summit is Gorge Gort.
He comes and stays about 10 minutes, puts down some flowers and leaves. We just stand by and watch
nobody bothers him. Williams, most recent visit before yesterday was made turd just two days after
was indicted, unaggravated manslaughter and other charges linked to Christophe's killing. And
he said, when attempt to make it look like a suicide yesterday, Williams arrived just before
2.30 p.m. when I'm not identified woman in two bookays of flowers. Now, says in this story, I
identified woman. I noticed that Mo this morning was psychotic about that because he said it was
his mother because he's like biracial and his mother, I guess, is white. So get with it in your
post because the Mo is in the know on this one. He said it was his mother. He said it was your mama.
Didn't that nice on mother's day to take mom to the grave of the guy who just murdered?
Okay. Yeah, what a wonderful gift for mom. The pair misted up with tears as they laid the floral
gifts. Then they stood and silently read from a Bible before Williams kneeled by the tombstone
and laid a hand on it. The pair then started to walk away, but it apparently overcome Williams,
turned back and huged Christophe's headstone. He hugged it and the headstone too.
I just can't talk about it. The soft book in Williams said, listen, you have a happy mother's day.
He added the sister of the 55 year old Christophe said she was surprised by the visit. No, I
didn't know he went there. I don't know what to say about it. And we add him to before declining
further comment. In addition to being a limo driver, Christophe was a drug abuse counselor who
would overcome his own addiction to health mothers. Williams is accused as we know of a shooting
Christophe with a 12-gay shotgun. When the chauffeur visited the basketball stars,
hundreds of new jerseys mentioned February 14th after driving some of Williams' friends. Williams
was free on $270,000 bail offered his condolences in March to Christophe's family. The driver's
family doubled the multimillionaire's in Syria. They're doubted his sincerity. Doubted and doubled.
The only thing I can say about his apology when he went to court, it was too little too late. His sister
told the post earlier this month, Williams faces up to 30 years in prison on manslaughter charges. His
lawyer, who could not be reached for comment, described the shooting as a tragic accident. Always a
tragic accident. And if it doesn't fit, you're full of Schmidt, okay? Boy, let's go take mom to the
cemetery on Mother's Day, huh? I'll tell you one thing, it's your better than taking her to the
ark. I'll take my mom to the cemetery on Mother's Day. Oh boy. In fact, I think there's some
similarity there when you come right down to it. Going to the ark and going to the cemetery.
26 past noon at 560. I'll tell you one thing, this show is just flown by today. Is it just me or
you? No, no, it has. It's like a heartbeat. It must be all those calls we took. That's what it was.
In case you tuned in later, tuned out and tuned back in. We took three or four of the most
simulating calls in a history of radio. It was something. I don't think we can say that word on a year.
I know we can say, Donald mattress, 1-800 mattress. I've been telling you folks for a
cooln's age that this is the only intelligent way to get you a great new mattress and replace
that lumpy old one that's hurting your back. You don't sleep on a good mattress, boys. Bad for
your back, bad for your health and all the way around, bad for the way you feel. So get you a great
new name, Brad mattress, an unbeatable price just by making one simple, easy phone call that even
a simple thing can do. Just reach over and grab that thing and call 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTR-ES
and get the ultimate freedom of choice of brand-day mattresses from SIRTA, CELY, Simmons and King
Coil. No store can match their selection or they're exceptionally low prices. And because
Donald mattress has the deepest selection of brand-day mattresses, they don't have to switch
you another mattress. You know the old bait and swish deal. They'll never do that to you. The one
you want is in stock right now and ready for immediate delivery and an A2R window that you choose
like new than two and one on three and two and four and three and five. You're following this
four and six, six and eight, seven and nine. And that's every day, seven days a week when it's
convenient for you when you're going to be there. So instead of sitting around and you're asking all
they waiting for delivery and hoping somebody shows up, do the smart thing called Donald mattress
right now, save a lot of time, a lot of gas, a lot of effort and a lot of cash to call 1-800-MATRES,
your back will be ecstatic. 1-800-MATTR-ES or check them out in the
From Mark Lane's D-D-F, coverage is underway in seven on sports radio 5-60-E.
Crap it all records presents the coming out of who great Pete Townsend.
It's the out of the closet collection.
Rack them.
No.
Come here, Tom.
Just one second.
I want to show you something.
Touch me.
Yes, right there.
We're me.
See me.
Yes.
Feel all of me.
Touch me.
No.
Meir me.
Crap it all records presents these previously unreleased tracks.
Catch Pete's seeing these songs the way they were meant to be.
The Ruck Boy is Slitz Scurts. Pete Townsend.
The In My Box Set.
And since I'm on the On-Bot, I'm having silver balls.
So hold down and brighten.
Man, I always need to call.
Vaincy doesn't like it.
And then it bads them stall.
My name is Peter Townsend.
And I shall play a meme, Chen Paul.
We're in it right now and you'll get a CD bonus track of Pete singing that
Hell It Ready Classic.
I am woman.
Vizzo or Mastercard except.
All right.
1232 at 560.
Oh, this is great.
Say something, mumble something all the way here.
A fax coming out.
What do you want?
I'm by the mic.
Where would I be?
See now I can hear you better.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because I got the...
Remember I told about these headsets that I bought?
Right.
We were talking about that during the break.
Why can't Neil hear me?
That song that I was playing I was blasting it.
And you said you could barely hear it.
Right.
When I was playing it's raining mountain.
Well, well, now you don't understand.
The return that comes back up here like during the commercials,
the level where I have to keep the speakers is like very, very low.
In order to keep the level balanced.
Otherwise, if I turn them up real loud, they're going to get feedback.
Right.
But now the headphones, if you let me finish,
you were just talking about that during the break?
With Miguel.
Why couldn't Neil hear me?
Oh my God.
Psychic Neil strikes again.
Oh!
Wow.
Because now I realize why you can't hear half the things that I say
is because the return is so goddamn low.
Right.
That's right.
But now I hear you like just like your next door making that spaghetti.
Oh, by the way, the aroma change.
They must have already eaten.
Oh, changed in a hurry.
It took a turn for the voice.
Now what does that smell like?
I don't want to tell you.
Yeah, that should give you an idea.
Like I said, they already they already dug in.
No, but in these headsets that I bought, the great,
I mean, I don't want anybody to see the way these look.
But I got like the left ear on and the rest of it is like up on the back of my neck.
In other words, like on an angle.
Oh, you don't want to waste.
Because I can't I can't wait a whole thing where I get ahead.
It gets so uncomfortable.
Yeah.
So I only have it coming in one ear.
Well, now you look like a club DJ.
Right.
Exactly.
That's right.
I'm a club club talk host.
An old fart, the club talk host with my headphones.
And it's great.
I can actually hear myself.
I hear the spots.
I hear you, which you know, speaks for itself.
How do you like that?
I think it's great.
A great thing.
So I think we saw the problem here where it is a world is a way.
Because you know, technically we get so much assistance from.
Well, I have no complaints in it.
A wonderful job setting this place up.
And I got to do a great job.
And I'm sitting in.
In fact, the room around the building is there's like 14 different engineers.
Some who don't even work for this company.
Or volunteering to go to Amsterdam to set up my studio there very soon.
How's that pool coming on?
There's a spaghetti.
Wafting back in the winter.
Oh, must be on for seconds now.
Mama, Kuala, only.
483 votes on the survey.
What do you dislike most about Neil's show?
See, we give you the opportunity to vent.
Here's the chance.
Of course, the people are really hated the new format.
They're already gone.
You know, let's find.
Bye-bye.
I see you.
Sure, there.
120 say nothing.
It's fine.
93 say nothing.
I like it better than ever.
No phone call.
78 said that.
Of course, obviously they must have tuned out when we had those four great calls.
Yeah, sums it up well.
Don't like the tone of the show that's tone and capital in the italics.
Underlined.
54.
And you notice how that hasn't changed?
Right.
That hasn't changed in the last maybe 45 minutes because they're all fake.
All fake.
All you clowns out there.
Still hasn't changed.
The thing just rebooted still hasn't changed.
What does that tell you?
Too much reading 38.
Too many priest stories.
33.
Not enough comedy bits.
27.
Gole Leafs go.
24.
Oh, oh, oh.
Too many comedy bits.
17 out of almost they're getting close to five-meter votes.
Pretty impressive.
Total if you ask me.
And of course, most of them real votes.
Here's the worst story of that.
So far the most depressing news.
I promise to this.
Well, this is great.
I can I can like hear myself.
And if you mumble or mutter something, I can hear you.
See?
Love which isn't so great.
Jesse Jackson released from hospital.
This is the bad news.
Proving that nothing is perfect.
The Reverend Jesse Jackson was released from a hospital yesterday.
After he was admitted for muscle pains in his shoulder, a hospital spokesman said.
Jackson who heads the Rainbow Push Coalition,
checked himself at the University of Chicago Hospital Saturday.
And doctors kept him overnight for observation.
Jackson's symptoms likely related to an auto accident that the civil rights leader was in
several weeks ago.
Test yesterday found no additional problems.
And Jackson was really shortly afternoon.
Damn it.
Remember McClusky when Tom Hagen showed up?
Yep.
Damn it.
We've been able to rule out the other problems.
It's looking more and more like what everyone thought it was.
A muscle pain as a result of his accident.
This spokesman said.
Maybe it was a pain in his...
Reckoning.
That's what he gives all the rest of us.
Jackson left the hospital in good condition.
But doctors told him to take it easy.
He was encouraged to work with a little, get a little rest in recreation into his schedule.
In between the father and more illegitimate childrens.
Police had this depressing, very disturbing.
But of course it's everything, the 9-11 thing.
There are million stories on that.
Where they bungled and they shouldn't know about it.
Police in Littleton, Colorado had evidence before Columbine shootings.
Hours after Dylan Cleebold and Eric Harris killed 13 people at Columbine High School of
30s obtained search warrants for their homes using year old evidence.
Sheriff's officials had said in 1998 there was enough evidence of a crime to pursue reports
that Harris and Cleebold were threatening others and making bombs.
After the two killed 12 students in a teacher before killing themselves April 20th 1999.
At the school near Denver, those 1998 reports were used to obtain search warrants.
According documents released Friday and to record order.
They show for the first time that a warning about Harris from Randy and Judy Brown
had been used to get permission to search Harris's home and Cleebolds.
In March 98, the Browns gave authorities violent writings from Harris's website,
including a death threat against their son Brooks and description of pipe bombs.
Investigators drafted an effort to justify search of Harris's home, but they never showed it to a
judge and eventually dropped the case. This is before Columbine. They dropped it.
They dropped it.
I beg your pardon, Cleebolds.
I couldn't hear that time because you're stepping on me.
Don't step on me.
Oh, sorry. They dropped it.
All right.
Is what I said.
Oh, they dropped it.
The longer I think about it, the matter I get Judy Brown said,
the documents which were released after an open record request by the Denver Post.
Sheriff Spokesman Jim Shire said,
Friday that the full value of the Browns report may not have been clear until after Columbine.
Obviously, anything that's going to be in hindsight is 2020.
He said,
which sounds like a real good excuse to me.
And that what it sounds like to you?
Yes.
Yes.
Release of laws, transcript blocked.
He's testifying again today, which I'm loving it.
Every second about, I hope he's squirming.
I hope he gets pneumonia out there in the rain, even with the umbrella.
Teehee.
Cardinal Bernard Law answered questions for a second day in a pre-sex abuse case on Friday,
but a judge granted a request by the Arts Dices to block the release of transcript from the session
until law had 30 days to review them.
The Cardinal's been questioned under oath by attorneys in the lawsuit, brought by 86-led victims
of child molesting priest John Gagan.
On Friday,
lines had questions for about four hours after the morning round of questioning.
He left to celebrate Mass at a church in Boston's Roxbury section and offer prayers
of the victims.
And believe me,
believe me,
if you live in Roxbury, you need a prayer.
Attorney Mitch Giroffede in representing Gagan's alleged victim said,
law was asked again about the church's supervision of Gagan.
And the decision may third by the Arts Dices Finance Council to back out of a settlement
agreement worth up to $30 million, but the ruling provided details from Friday's questioning
from emerging.
And it goes on and on about.
He's speaking again today.
He's testifying.
He's lying through his teeth.
And I love the fact that the one of his victims or one of Gagan's victims refused
to shake hands with Cardinal Law because he knows that he's part of the, he's a willing
co-conspirator.
He said, go shake this, schmuck.
Puts.
20-1 till a gym manager comes along at one o'clock.
How'd you like to have a really big one like the mad dog?
While we're talking about a big fat paycheck,
if you'd like to have one, if you'd like to have a few bucks, some discretionary income,
then fast-ranking up you achieve a brand new career in just four short months.
You can really double size your paycheck by becoming a computer professional
before the summer's over.
Fast-reign offers your Microsoft certified instructors.
No payments for a four-year John Placement assistance, day and evening classes,
and now that they've got four convenient locations over Dayton Broward,
including that brand new campus and prestigious congested Kindle,
you have no excuses anymore.
There's got to be one nearby you.
So call fast-trained at that toll-free number, 1-866 fast-trained,
or check them out on the web at fasttrained.com.
Fast-trained can have you certified and ready for a brand new money-making career.
Some serious bucks we're talking about, and has lived those four months.
So call him today because nobody, no self-respecting person,
should have to settle for a small one, a little tiny puny paycheck.
Call fast-trained toll-free, 1-866 fast-trained, and don't forget,
all fast-trained locations are licensed by the State Commission.
Here is Raudi-izzard.
Raudi-izzard.
Post-Wedil 560.
Raudi-izzard.
Do you win?
I, Papa Juan Paolo.
It's the scariest movie since scary movie.
I'm scared, Daddy.
Just scared even with my pants.
Panic Room.
There's no toilet paper.
There's no newspaper.
And there's no domestic one.
Somebody help me, please.
Panic Room.
Show me now.
I've got a meeting in two minutes for the love of God.
Somebody help me.
Splatterproof plastic tarps for the first five rows.
I'm going to get it right time.
1244-560 WDQAM.
Dying inmate to lawyer, you're fired.
And goal of Louisiana, a man convicted of raping and killing a 19-year-old college student in 1991,
was executed by injection-fried tonight.
Leslie Martin, 35, made no final statement,
but after the drugs were injected, could be seen,
mouthing the words,
you're fired to his defense attorney who watched the execution.
The lawyer, Clive Stafford Smith,
later said Martin's remarks are part of a long-running joke between the two.
Right.
And that cute?
I liked it.
Way to go on running joke.
Leave him smartly.
You're fired.
I got a story next to the like, right in line with this, it's even more depressing.
Martin was convicted in 92 of killing Christina Bergen, a student at McNeese State University in Lake
Charles. She was last seen alive, leaving a lounge with Martin on June 20, 1991.
Her decomposed body was found nearly two weeks later in a pump house in rural southwestern Louisiana
town of Iowa.
In the rural southwestern Louisiana town of Iowa, there's a town called Iowa, Louisiana.
You ready for that?
No idea.
So what it says,
Prosecutor said Martin, rape,
burg, and then strangle her to keep her from turning him in.
And she didn't.
And you know what he's still dead?
But you're fired.
And right in line with that, from news day comes this, right to die activist, pretty dies.
Well, that's what you wanted.
Diane Pretty, that's her name.
A terminally a woman who fought a non-successful legal battle for the right to have her husband
help her commit suicide, has died.
Her family said Sunday she was 43.
This is in London, by the way.
Pretty who suffered from a motor neuron disease died Saturday at a hospice near her home in
central England.
A husband, Brian said, she'd been experiencing breathing difficulties for several days.
Pretty, whose illness left her paralyzed from the neck down and confined to a wheelchair,
fought in the British courts for her husband to be guaranteed immunity from prosecution if he
helped her die.
Suicide is legal in Britain, but helping somebody else commit suicide is a crime punishable by up to 14
years in prison.
After a case was defeated in Britain's highest courts, he went to the European Court of Human
Rights in Strasbourg two weeks ago, a panel of European judges agreed with the British courts.
Pretty, who was diagnosed with the degenerative disease 1999,
it said she wanted the right to take her own life because she feared a slow and painful death
from a speciation.
On Sunday, Brian Pretty said his wife had to go through one thing she had foreseen and was afraid of,
and there was nothing I could do to help.
Now he said she was free at last, just like Martin Luther Cohen said,
free at last.
She wanted to die, now she's dead.
Stop the suffering, stop the pain, stop the agony.
It's kind of like working at QAM.
Stop the pain.
Here is one of the most interesting stories that I've ever seen in my life.
Interesting, not the spectacular, interesting.
A Florida family on Friday became the first to be implanted with computer chips that researchers
hope will someday become an easy way to provide emergency room staffers with patient medical
information.
Jeff and Leslie Jacobs, along with their 14-year-old son Derek, had the tiny chips implanted
in their arms, each chip is about the size of a grain of rice, and insertion takes about a minute
under local anesthesia.
The chips called the Vera chip were designed by Palm Beach-based applied digital solution zinc.
They're similar to chips implanted in pets to identify them if they're lost.
The family wanted the implants in case of future medical emergencies.
We're doing this as a security for us because we've worked so hard to save my husband's life,
said Leslie Jacobs 46.
Her 48-year-old husband has suffered through cancer, a car crash, a degenerative spinal
condition, chronic eye disease and abdominal operations. His injuries have forced him to quit
his dental practice. It's been really easy and I feel a lot better than I have it he said after
the implant. The chips used by the Jacobs family contain only telephone numbers and information
about previous medications. The data can be read by a handheld computer and printed out.
The FDA said in April that it would not regulate the implant as long as it contains no medical data.
Company officials said they were free to proceed because the implant contains ID numbers that
correspond to personal medical information in a separate database.
The FDA did not consider the implant to be a medical device company official said,
and FDA spokeswoman in Miami did not immediately return a phone call like everybody else
sees busy. The FDA head said regulation would be needed if medical records were stored
in a regard against storage of outdated records. Company officials hope to eventually include more
extensive information that companies said it would be particularly valuable for those who suffer
from Alzheimer's disease, others with difficulty providing medical information on their own.
Very chips expected to sell for about 200 bucks, a scanner used to read information contained in
the chip would cost about between 1 and 3,000. The chip which could also be used as a security
tool is through debate over its potential uses a big brother device to track people who invade the
privacy of their home's or workplaces. Jacobs and his family brush aside those arguments,
anybody can be tracked through the internet and email credit cards and cell phones they say,
I think it's great. Not the one who really is a big trustee in the government,
I think it's a great idea. It's a nice one idea especially for your children.
I was just going to say how come we only are doing it for pets, how come for children that we
got all these lost kids and abducted kids and all of these things, huh? As a matter of fact when
they figure out how to do a low jack thing with it, then it'll really be great.
Yeah, but we're going to have a stick it. I know I seriously, I think it's a great idea.
Interesting stuff. But big brother is going to come with you then it'll be the
builder burger, the trial ad rule commission and the illuminati. Right.
1249 at 560 WQM, too bad we don't have the tape of that where he goes and says,
it gets olio med, but it I just fart real bad. I can't begin to tell you. I mean I'm just,
oh, I'm not enjoying this one. I'll tell you it's your, my eyes are watering. Good thing that windows
open. Yeah, maybe I can get back at them. Hey, here you go. Here's some of your own.
Olio meds is soft gel caps. It contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and
minerals and robust. It won't help for your prostate, for your heart, your blood pressure and
your cholesterol. Olio meds also got supplements to grow and help in your circulatory system.
There's a one for your digestive and endocrine system. Your skin and bones, even your mind,
all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil and olio meds got products for men
and for your ladies out there as well. Olio meds available all over town. It's an exciting
new product. You pick some of Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, the Royal Pharmacy or Sadanos or
you can call this toll free number and they'll answer all your questions about their super
products. Call toll free 1-866 olio med, 866 olio med or order their products on their website.
The problem is got a caboose to die for.
That is a Rolex ass now.
You am.
Suck it in and hold it.
Roll another blunt.
Roll another blunt.
Roll another blunt.
Roll another blunt.
Roll another blunt.
I wasn't gonna run from the cops but I was high.
Oh I'm serious man.
I was gonna pull right over and stop but I was high.
Uh uh.
La la la la.
Now I'm a pair of plain shaking I know why.
Why baby?
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
La la la la la.
I was gonna make love to you.
Oh.
Because I got high.
That's a big thing.
I'm serious.
I was gonna eat your pussy too
Oh, no, I'm jacking up
And I know why
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You go, you go, you go, you go
You go, you go, you go, you go, you go
I met you in my entire life
You go, you go, you go, you go
I lost my keys to white
You go, you go, you go
Now sleep in the home this sidewalk
And I know why
Why be a big girl like I have
Be a big girl like I have
Be a big girl like I have
La la la la, da, da, da, da, da
I'm gonna stop singing this song
Because I'm high
Baby, I'm singing this whole thing wrong
Be a big girl like I have
Bring it back, bring it back, come on
And if I don't still want coffee
I'm a wild one
Be a big girl like I am high
Girl like I am high
You rely on me that da, da, da, da, da, da
He's the best echo man in my favor
He rely on you
Yeah, I get this 12.5.7.5.6.0
WQM, you're gonna be here
And a lot of baseball talk on his stage
You wanted to watch
Cause there ain't nothing else going on
Not a damn thing
Any football going on?
No
Any hockey play offensive for the basketball
Not
Now how about that soccer team? No, they're gone
A lot of baseball talk but there is no interest and it just it's frustrating to me because I keep hearing
Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh!
Yeah, word number one. We're uh in first place. Nobody cares
7,930 on a perfectly sunny and beautiful salary day in South Florida yesterday
7,930 against the Dodgers
I'm surprised I haven't had some McCrap already a web over the uh, pax machine yet from normal cam
thank god
Just a joke Norm a savior stupid fax is okay and grow up
