four or five on it that have tasted that.
I'm in with the set up all night Adam Sandler right now song.
Sick man, very sick man.
First day of Hanukkah today.
Hit those malls boys and girls.
Lines have been forming since five o'clock this morning.
Robert Greeper, Zach Krants, Happy Weekend,
Happy Thanksgiving Day of Daily, Happy Hanukkah.
Tagoldi, my man, wake up.
It's past your bedtime.
Ginger Rogers coming up next with his little bitty buddy Haggadorn
who actually sat on a phone booth yesterday at Thanksgiving dinner.
Have a nice day and paradise everybody on QAM.
This is South Florida's only real sports agent WQAM.
Miami Ford Lutterdale of Beesley Broadcast Group Station.
www.qam.com
Ice Peas today.
No, that's the report from the beast.
Ice Peas for an holiday piece.
It was shooting 45, 46, 47 on now shooting 38, 39 and 40.
That big guy does make some difference to everyone.
I know you have to go to work.
I have two more questions for you.
Huber coming back.
I love it.
I think it's so great for him.
I know you've been close to him for a long, long time.
What was your first thought when you heard that Huber was going to get back on the court again?
I was completely...
Yo, yo, let's rate fold.
It's Friday, you bastards.
On the first day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me a picture of my bed and for me.
Jesus Christ.
Oh, why?
You look at it.
What's the weird thing on the head?
That's your face.
I love hore dea Hanukkah.
That's cool.
My parents gave to me.
Well, the kosher can't be free.
I'll be sure to think and trade on.
Sing the cradle song.
No, sing it.
I made it out of play.
And when the one is watching, I'll throw the thing out.
No, but that nice.
Fight me.
Oi.
On the fifth day of Hanukkah, my parents yelled at me.
For once in a Christmas tree.
What?
What Jimmy's got one?
Maybe Jimmy's cat lick.
And not watching candy.
Not watching shirt.
Not watching trails.
Or a picture of my bed and for me.
Ah, me.
On the sixth day of Hanukkah, my parents made me sing.
If I were a rich man, look.
That's a song every year.
In front of my bed, it's a nice.
Oi, me.
On the seventh day of Hanukkah,
not bad.
My parents made me eat.
Seven greasy lockers.
Oi.
If I were a rich man,
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
Christmas tree.
Hi, is this a cut?
On the eighth day of Hanukkah,
my parents gave to me.
Nothing that I wanted, seven greasy lockers.
Yes, I will the rich man.
Where is my Christmas tree?
My little treasure candy tree,
I'll be shirts to singing trails.
And a picture of my bed and for me.
Oh, right.
On the sixth day of Hanukkah.
Three.
904-560-WQ-A-M,
Happy Chinooka-Taya.
Happy Chanukkah.
So yesterday the beast filled in,
and the good news is he didn't sit in my chair.
And what he told me before the show today,
he was hanging around this morning,
I guess looking for affirmation,
looking for me to pat him on his balls,
but I say, nice job there, beast.
I didn't hear most of it.
Now Carlos is just raving about,
oh my god, the show was sensational,
and the phones were ringing off the hook,
and it was just spectacular.
So good that his mom called.
So good that mama called in.
Chucky's mom called the show, apparently.
Oh, Chucky's mom, I thought it was the beast's mom who called in.
Yeah, my mom surprised me, I made a request.
Thank god it did recognize her voice.
That's that's weak.
That's really weak.
When people have their relative star calling in,
pretty soon we'll be having Fred I'ma's calling in.
At least he was going screenless, so.
Yeah.
Well, that was his first mistake,
but setting that all aside,
you know, the fact he was there killed today,
got a tremendous response.
On a pull question.
And obviously he left the most important thing out.
He said, what would prevent you from wanting to date a person?
And he gave 600 choices there.
They're short, they're bald, they're fat,
or then a combination of the above, or all of these three,
which won.
274 votes.
How did it was a holiday yesterday?
You know, people are busy eating stuff in their face.
Pretty marginal ball game yesterday afternoon.
Boy, I'm talking about the papiates lines.
Game then the other game.
I love that.
Don't you love Steam, Steam, Steam, Steam, Spurrier, Get Beat?
Always.
Even as much as I despise Jerry Jones and that whole cowboy thing,
that organization, they've already lost enough games, you know.
But the fact that Washington blows a big lead like that and gets their ass kicked,
you got to feel good about that.
Because anybody with a brain hates Steve Spurrier.
Absolutely correct.
Yeah.
Poison.
Oh, speaking of sports before we get to all this pull stuff,
it's, you know, it's a holiday.
We're just going to kind of like lay back today
and just do whatever the hell I feel like it.
Carlos give me a, we take any calls today, we take any calls,
just relax, okay?
We'll do whatever the hell I feel like it.
Yes, sir.
You and the beast all obsessed with the calls.
And by the way, speaking of the beast, the biggest, the,
I'll tell you one thing, he may not be the fattest person in the building.
I'm sure he's not.
But he's definitely the fattest pussy that we have in the building.
And there's nothing worse than a fat pussy.
He is, he's just, he's an embarrassment.
Comes there this morning and he just tells me that the mo,
uh, he was some walking out of hall and went on cue with it.
What's the matter, boy?
You're not going to come in and talk to the old man?
Boy, call some boy and he goes in and this is the guy that had him canned.
Even though we usually draw the line on this show,
we don't talk about the mo, my sir, because he makes me sick to my stomach.
Because we're nauseous.
We want to puke from.
We draw the line at night, but nevertheless, I'll make an exception today.
Just this one time, I'll let you talk about my business, K.
Okay.
And so he goes in there and shakes his hand and happy Thanksgiving and all this other crap.
This is a guy that got them canned.
That wouldn't even let him read the sports updates on a show because he's so unprofessional.
You're a little suckling for crying out loud beast.
You have no balls, no self-respect.
And that's what this whole poll was he took yesterday.
It was a reflection of his inferiority complex.
Don't you think?
Obviously.
What would prevent you?
See, this is the one goal I got.
You know, people make new years resolutions.
Even though it's only almost the first of December, we still got a month ago to the new year.
That's going to be one of my main new years resolutions is trying to butcher up some of these schmucks we got in this radio station.
Good luck to you.
Including George.
You know, George is another one.
He talks about a good game off the year, but on the year he plays that cricket thing in all the time.
Like he's so scared he's going to get, you know.
And then the same thing happened yesterday.
Here was a golden opportunity for this man to come on the year to tell him like it was the real story with the audience was dying to know about how he got Schmidt-Candle off of that show.
And he says, oh, well, like I'm like Neil, I draw the line at night.
Yeah, what a lame excuse that was.
You're not like Neil.
I'll tell you that except the fat part.
Other than that, I see no similarity whatsoever in the due part, but other than that.
So anyway, he asked what would prevent you from wanting to date a person.
They're fat, they're bald, they're short, and then combinations.
276 votes, a staggering total.
They're all 380 West.
See, he left off the most important one.
They're ugly.
That's the one.
I mean, there are people who are short who are very attractive.
Wouldn't you agree with that?
Yes.
There are people who are fat who may, of course, it all depends on how fat.
But there are people who are overweight who still have got beautiful faces,
are very attractive people.
Not a lot, but there's some.
People who are bald.
Run for the hills.
How about no seriously?
How about the Jason Taylor?
He's even got his own calendar.
There's a bald guy, Shenato Conner.
Trinhead O'Connor.
She looks like crap.
They give me Shenato Conner.
She looks like garbage, man.
She looks like the singing nun.
She's a priest that are not in any way.
How about Ray Lucas?
There's a bald guy.
He's not a bad looking guy.
I mean, he's, you know, right?
Yeah.
Well, he's not.
So the point being that ugly would have been the more operative one,
but of course, the beast is one of the entities ugly.
He told me this morning that if he weighed 150 pounds, he'd be a sex pot.
Well, call me the day you get to be 150 pounds beast,
and we'll all sit around and we'll judge.
We'll put you on one of those damn shows.
The Bachelor.
First, do you think he'd be lovely on the Bachelor of the Beast?
Hundred and eighty-five.
That's also Tuscany at that point.
All three, eighty-one, they're fat 74.
Another about 45.
They're fat and bald 34.
They're short and fat 29.
They're bald 12.
They're short and bald 3.
They're sure one.
This could be the worst pull I've ever seen in my life.
You know what?
I mean, George doesn't take really good pull,
but this pull was just really, really weak.
How'd that other pull come out from the day before I'm so glad you asked?
Eric, who finally actually did something useful,
faxed me the total result from that.
If I got it here somewhere, do you think I have it?
Can you find it?
I'm looking for it.
Here it is, I found it.
This is the pull from Wednesday.
What would you like to hear 6 to 9 a.m. on WQM?
970 votes.
Ricken suds a staggering total,
387, 39.8%.
You ready for that?
Shocking.
The first team, which I'll get more about the D-fo here in a minute,
because Jim Sarni, Jim Sarni's got another one of his insipid columns this morning
in the Sun Sentinel.
Just what we need is more sports on a radio gym.
Oh yeah, let's have 100 sports stations.
I'm going to take up a bill in Congress.
I'm going to see if I can get one of our legislators to introduce a bill in Congress
to ban sports talk radio to make it illegal.
Here here.
I mean, it's garbage.
It's swill.
The same crap.
Oh, well, you know, in a certain quarter of that San Diego game last week,
I thought that the D-fo was a really bad call on that one past.
What was your take on that?
Ricken suds 387.
My take was yesterday that the Patriots never woke up.
I think they had maybe like too much turkey before the game.
It's like I just got one through the motions, you know, like when you're playing a little girls theme.
And who has given me that crap?
It wasn't Miguel.
Was it giving me that crap or was it Carlos?
Who said that?
Well, just barely.
No, it's Carlos.
Very squeaking through, almost losing to a girl.
Didn't almost lose the game.
Brady took a knee on the one yard line as they a time ran out.
Show a little bit of class there.
They didn't want to run up the score.
Plus, they already covered the spread.
It was five and a half.
Oh, that's why.
Did you watch that game?
Just bits and pieces.
So what do you know about it?
What the hell do you know about it?
Do you know anything about it?
The score?
That's good.
Now, dummy up.
You're going to have to, I'm serious.
Today is the day that I draw another line in the sand.
And that is you've got to butcher up you guys and also get a speaking of butcher up Eric up there.
We're telling you here in all these sob stories.
You're overworked and you're underpaid and you're up till three in the morning and I can easily look good.
And then let Carlos do some work.
He's going to do it for free, which is what we like the best.
Butch up that website of ours.
It's an embarrassment.
It's humiliating.
We got news on it.
We got news from before Jesus was a baby.
Oh, it's meals of 40th birthday.
That's a little bit ago, huh?
It's about 20 years ago.
Got all mighty, Eric.
We like it.
We appreciate what you've done.
But let Carlos go.
He's like so paranoid.
You know, he's afraid you're going to take away his whatever it is.
Take away his breakfast burritos or something.
Ricken sawed 387.
The first team, Joe Geltie in D.
466.
What would you like to hear?
6 to 9 a.m.?
I would listen no matter what 151.
They got other places to go.
Like maybe Howard Spurm.
Five in Tom 73.
That was a late addition and I apologize to them because we had to put them on the right way.
They didn't even better than that.
Classical music, 63.
I'm happy with Moe had only 45 votes.
4.6%.
Pretty weak.
Ron and Ron had 44 votes and they don't even exist anymore.
And coming in last place, sucking wind.
41 for Paul Castro.
No.
4.1.
So the battle really was for last place between Moe, Ron and Ron who don't exist anymore.
Paul Castro.
No.
Bo who ain't had an original idea in his mind since he was born.
So that's the poll from Wednesday.
We apologize for the importance that the beast put on there.
He did a pretty good job out here.
Didn't he?
Wasn't better though.
He had a lot of calls.
He had more calls yesterday and we got right now to that we don't have a call on the board.
That's what we're taking.
It might, it might take some maybe not.
All depends.
Keep them guessing.
Don't ever let them know ahead of time.
Don't tip your hand, Carlos.
That's the way to do it.
Just keep them guessing.
Maybe we will.
Maybe we won't, huh?
And maybe they won't call anyway because they're all busy shopping.
Or they're busy lighting their Chanooka candles on the menorah.
You know what they say?
Kano horror.
Let's light the menorah.
Hey, it's here the holiday shopping season.
Everybody go traffic, lines, parking hassles.
If you need new mattress, you really want to be outslipin' around at this time of the year?
No.
Of course not.
So do the smart thing like I do.
Call the betting experts at 1-800-Matras.
That's the number for diali-matris.
Now's the time to call 1-800-Matras.
You get your new mattress today and sleep like a baby tonight.
Diali-matris carries the area's largest inventory of top quality seely.
Service simons at King Royal Mactras.
I've been sleeping on a diali-matris for years and I guarantee they're the best in the world.
And as far as delivery is concerned, they are unbeatable.
You get same day delivery.
Evening's weekend's most holidays whenever it's convenient for you.
They have a 99% on time delivery record.
Call now, have you new mattress in as little as a couple of hours or choose to date and time?
Most convenient for you when you're going to be home.
They're not like the cable company that gives you an 8-hour window and still doesn't show up at all.
Plus they take away the crappy old betting and set up your brand new one for you.
If you're a snowboard just coming back you're ready to the old mattress and have your relax on a new one,
you'll be sleeping better than you do at home.
Call diali-matris right now, toll free 1-800-Matras.
Avoid the holiday.
Shoppers don't waste time going from store to store, especially now.
For the best mattresses and even better prices call 1-800-Matras,
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S-T-M-O-V-O-Corto-D-D-Call,
diali-matris the easiest possible way to buy a bed.
The light is in the wall.
We're sports radio 5-6-0.
You way, yeah.
You picked a good time to come in.
It's always great to do these shows after a win.
Comments always complain and somehow,
whenever a loss comes up, it's his turn in the barrel.
Let's go to Rick and Miami.
Go ahead, Rick.
You're on with Randy.
Hey, what's going on, Randy?
How you doing?
All right, buddy.
Great game on Sunday, man.
Great, great game, man.
Y'all did a real good job in every aspects of the game, man.
It was a perfect game.
I got to give it to you guys.
I mean, you know, I'm one of the pure fans.
You know, when we were losing, I had my head down.
But I kept on walking straight.
You know, everybody, all the season is going down.
You know, I looked at everybody and said, hey, man, it ain't over yet.
You know, my boys don't go out there and go to handle the business on the field.
Yeah.
And I just want to call to say, man, great job, man.
And, you know, I'm looking forward to seeing you guys back at battle on Sunday, man.
Thank you.
All right, Randy.
Nice of you, Carl.
Leo and Miami.
Go ahead, Leo.
Hey, what's up, Hank?
How you doing?
I'm good.
Randy, I got to tell you, man, we love you here in Miami.
You are the man.
People have to get work.
I got a question.
Not to take anything away from you, but how do you feel about not having enough of Desmond Clark in there
and hang out so that, you know, if you can answer that, be great.
I'll hang up and listen to you.
Well, actually Desmond Clark's getting a lot of play in time.
Yeah, he's getting to play a lot.
I mean, Desmond is pretty much kind of me.
It's kind of in the same motor with Titan.
You know, he's a really phenomenal player.
He's a very quick and honest break.
And he's going to feel really, you know, takes a lot of things away from me.
You know, now that we've played a lot better, too.
So right now that, you know, we have three good Titan there playing really well.
You know, they really can't just concentrate on the body.
Randy, he was, so he was a wide receiver one time.
I was in the East.
So he's, and he's a guy who's big enough to play Titan.
But he's got pretty good speed.
Oh, he's, he's, yeah, he's, he's, like I say, he has the seventh speed.
He's really, I mean, a lot of people don't know how bad Desmond is.
But Desmond, Desmond move.
And you know, he's like I say, he's very quick and very hard to cover one on one open field.
Okay.
Let's go to Mark and Hollywood.
Or I'm sorry, Brett on a mobile.
Brett, you're on WQAM with Randy.
Go ahead.
Hey, Randy. How's it going?
How are you doing?
I just want to say that I think that we should get the ball to more so that we can get two rookie of the years, two years in the row.
And how do you feel about being moved out to quite receiver position?
Like I said, I do anything I can't, I don't mind.
You know, like I said, whatever, whatever I can do to have the team, you know, I would like everybody once had the ball on time.
But sometimes he knows how to go around and we have some as many as we have, you know, you have to spread the ball out.
Okay. Thank you.
Okay. Thanks.
Clinton Portis would fear to be the front runner right now for the rookie of the year's spot.
I would think.
Oh, yeah.
Clinton, you know, me, you know, me and Clinton have the same agent, you know, and I talked to him another day, you know, I'm glad he's just doing what he is, you know, hopefully, you know, they'll come down to me and he'll probably be okay.
Oh, yeah, probably a lot better than Rick and he is speaking of agencies or something in your contract that would give you a little more.
We're going to leave that.
Let's take one more before we break Mark and Hollywood. Go ahead, Mark.
Yeah. Hey, Randy. It's good to have you aboard.
I've been a star. I was often fan for years going back to 1980 coming out of high school and you definitely feel the void that tight end position and gone through a stagnant period.
Hang this up, baby.
Look.
If you had one shot or one opportunity to buy everything you wanted for Christmas at one place, one store, would you do it?
Or just let it slip.
No.
This time is short.
These weak bags are heavy. He knows that he said he's in big debt already.
He's nervous, but his purpose at GC penny is to secretly shop and shop without letting him know.
He didn't go with the rest of the crowd and travel around east west north and south.
He hides the receipt so they won't find out.
He's got everyone covered without milling around.
The clock's run out. Time's up. Oh, well, no.
One place, one low-calorie keeps his mentality spams on his salary, bro.
But he's glad that he won't be traveling won't be battling that.
Every way, no. He won't have it. His holiday, habits are shopping, us snapping and happy.
He frapped the time. We've been slapped forget all that crap.
If you're in the same boat, no matter their soul, just stay in one store.
Easy, yo. When you're home, then you know it wasn't fantasy, no.
It wasn't fantasy, yo. It was that easy.
One stop, shop, then.
You better choose a place to go shopping, the moon in the open is the time to spend your dough.
You only need one stop to shop, just letting you know.
This opportunity comes once in a year time. You better choose a place to go shopping, the moon in the open is the time to spend your dough.
You only need one stop to shop, just letting you know.
This opportunity comes once in a year time.
9.19 at 5.60 WQ.
I'm happy Friday to a happy Chanukah and all the other stuff that we're going through now.
Matter of fact, like from right now all the way through the end of the year, it's basically like just one big holiday.
And that's the way we approach it on this show.
All the holidays all the time.
I'll tell you who I blame for the beast and not putting up any of your yesterday. I blame Carlos for that.
What?
Yeah, I blame you for it. You should have been there. Now you were like he invited you to be like the equal partner in the show, which makes sense to me.
Right.
And you should like forced him to like spill the beans.
Oh, you should have heard what was going on between us.
Off the air.
Yeah, I was trying to convince him.
So here's about the audience can hear what's going on off the air. You should have done it on the air.
He was really worried that something was going to happen.
Like what?
Like off the hurricanes.
What? What a little pussy, man. I'm going to tell you for a guy to weigh 600 pounds.
This man is the worst pussy I've ever seen in my life.
Scared of his own shadow and believe me when you got a shadow that cast that big.
Maybe he's got a good reason. Good, golly.
Grow a little pair. Will you please?
Did Lodden tape a fake Swiss lab says?
The latest audio tape statement attributed to accused terrorist mastermind Osama Yamama bin Laden is not authentic.
A Swiss research institute says?
The Swiss-based Dalamal Institute for Perceptual Artificial Intelligence said it's 95% certain the tape does not feature the voice of the long absent terrorist leader.
The review of the tape was commissioned by France to television and its findings were presented by the institute's professor Irvay Boulard,
no relation to Harnes driver Irvay Filion, and a special TV report shown late last night.
He said the institute compared the voice on the tape first aired two weeks ago on Al-Jazeera and Irvay TV network with some 20 early recordings of bin Laden and they say 95% sure it is not him.
US experts maintain the tape will likely never be fully authenticated because its poor quality defies complete analization by even the most sophisticated voice print technology.
But US experts who have heard it's generally support the conclusion by US law enforcement officials that it is him.
So I guess what we conclude is a lot of two things either it's him or it's not.
Fifty-fifth.
Yeah, like we said either he's alive or he's not.
Either he's an Afghanistan or he's not.
Pretty, uh, said, pretty weak.
Our poll question today is inspired by a big article in the Toronto Starry yesterday.
Author says, uh, author's picture of Bush is anything but Moronic.
He says the president and Moron he's sociopathic.
It's a great article which I'll get to eventually.
Here's our poll question today.
Which of these best describes president George W. Bush will give you choices all the way across the spectrum.
We don't want to load it up here one nothing.
Which of these best described George W. Bush Moron great leader, idiot, mediocre, okay or dangerous.
Those are your choices, okay?
Yeah, blame you, Carlos. You should have butched him up.
Sorry.
So you're saying that in between during the break, he was like wimping out.
I was asking why and come on.
No, no, you see if you shouldn't be asking, you should have been telling him.
Come on, you spice up the show, give the audience something exciting and interesting you're that they're looking for.
And he also wanted to keep the show light.
Lame excuse.
Lame excuse, okay?
That man ain't going to be doing this show again ever again unless he just said promises.
Next time the book up just a little bit, couple of notches.
What's this call we got here on two is it from anywhere we know? Hello?
Good morning, Neil. How are you today?
Okay, sir.
Okay, anyway, I just wanted to talk a little bit about yesterday in Kenya because what we don't do and we don't go after,
I was following your mama if you still alive.
I think he made a big mistake or al-Qaeda when he went after the Israelis because the Israelis don't matter how many years it took
to be finally out of all the guys from Munich.
So if somebody wants to do something, I guess it will finally have to be the Israelis to get this guy.
Yeah.
Yes.
Okay, and have a great day.
Don't get me started with the Israelis, okay?
Don't get me started with the Israelis.
The fact that you're rowing one in the election the other day, the LeCouple Party election.
The fact that he won and we have to be happy about that because he's the buffer against the VB brain that Niyahu.
That's a pretty sad commentary, okay?
I happen to be one of those people who's getting real sick and tired of the future of the whole world having a rest on between the Arabs and the Jews,
the crazy Jews and the crazy Arabs, the fanatical elements in both, okay?
Get rid of those goddamn settlements there, quick enough being more militant about it and quit with a goddamn the suicide bombers and let the world keep spinning around.
Because the fact is that most civilized people around the rest of the world don't give a flying crap. Am I right about that or what?
We don't care.
We don't care. We care about ball games. We don't care about stuff like that.
Just want to watch football.
That's all we care about and Jim Sarni will be more unhappy to tend to that too.
WDJA sports programs grow, he writes today, in a scum Sentinel.
Poles up, five say moron, four say dangerous, two great leader, two say idiot, once is okay and nobody says mediocre.
About George's WD, the Poles up, it's ready for you.
Jim Sarni writes, you know, it just, it makes me want to scream, scream.
Sabi sports radio listeners who travel across Barred and Palm Beach counties keep a button set on 850 AM.
Sabi sports radio listeners, if ever there was an oxymoron, that was it.
Sabi sports radio listeners, as in like that.
Along with being the Palm Beach County affiliate for the dolphins in Marlins WDJA carries the jock exchange,
would Jeff the fourth week day afternoons as well as FSU football, ESPN programming weekends in late nights and there's more on the way.
I'll have a hundred sports stations and see how many can fail.
Let's bring back the fan, what do you say?
Let's see if we can find the Fox's sports radio to find their numbers, can we find them with a magnifying glass.
He says WDJA is constructing a new broadcast tower, which will blast out 50,000 watts and expand the signal dramatically, along with new studios in Fort Lauderdale.
When everything is ready early next year, expect WDJA to be major player in a sports radio scene.
You can just see Greg right now, doing a green apple quick step.
We've got some big stuff in the work since Steve Lapa, the general manager of James Crystal Radio, which owns six stations in South Florida.
WDJA is going to be a very cool station, he said.
Lapa is ready to divulge his deals, but they're likely to be more sports talk and possibly a major franchise.
Are you shocked or what?
Are we crap in our pants?
We're 50,000 watts of crap is still crap.
Yeah, we already got 50,000 watts on 940 right in the middle of the down, they can't break a one share.
Jim WDQAM has a monopoly on the local teams, but as trouble keeping everyone that opens Marlon's Panthers and you have am happy,
there are too many overlapping games that have to be farmed out.
The heat mean while seems lost in WDJA news station.
Someone will jump aboard said one radio insider.
WFTO and other station in the crystal empire is also part of the sports plans right now.
It carries the jockey exchange along with the University of Florida football and basketball games and some Fox Sports Radio program.
He left out the normal Kensho off his list there.
Shame on you Jim.
He said old ugly sack.
Just what we need is another hundred sports stations so people can call in and analyze yesterday's game.
Nate believes that fill it off you by the way one o'clock to saffron.
Don't let me forget.
So far.
927 at 560 WQAM.
I'll tell you something that's great for you.
In fact, I smeared some olive oil on my feet last night, you know.
Just one of them things.
I got olive oil in the house and it's always good especially if you die better, keep your feet in good shape.
That's one of the many miracles that olive oil can do for your body is so good for your skin.
Oreo men, Mediterranean formulas or advanced combinations of the purest olive oil on the face of the globe combined with other good stuff.
Vitamins, minerals, herbals, other nutrients and they're all scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
Look for olio meds, three new formulas which are sleep, weight management and coq 10 all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil.
Olio meds and outstanding products available at public secrets and wall greens for more information column tool free at 1-866-olio med.
That's 1-866-6536-333.
You can also order their products online if you like at olio medamerica.com.
And if you're visiting your publics and buying olio med product and data browsing you can still get that coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll while supplies last.
Don't forget to visit their sampling provision that sports done every Sunday when the law finds their plain home games to pick up your free olio med samples and product information and for good health start popping some olio med in your fat plus today.
This is sports radio bike safety.
You weigh out.
Ohio State was worried about that and I think one of the teams out out west was worried about that too about the Rose Bowl game.
They're not being able to attend even though they're the big ten chance or whatever.
Oh because of the BCS bowl commitment.
Well, you know, no day being an independent gets so many points for being like that.
And so does Texas is for that they're concerned their conference.
Ted, four finalists for your award.
Michael Reims from Penn State.
Corey Redding from Texas and Terrell Suggs from Arizona State and Jerome McDougal from the U of M.
Correct.
Have you seen these guys?
I've seen two of them and the other ones have heard things.
Yeah, I've heard things about Suggs.
I know you see McDougal.
What about him?
He's definitely up there and then in the top of the defense events and I've spoken to a lot of professional scouts too.
And you know, being from Miami I says I don't want you know they might think it's politically ingested.
The school that I went to I choose they I don't choose the person they vote on him and he wins it but they say that he's well qualified for being from winning that honor.
When will they make the presentation Ted?
They haven't decided that yet.
We've got to pick out a spot and it should be we should know that the next week.
Okay. Hey, I'm going out to Oakland tomorrow.
Yeah, you told me that.
You're going to be out there this weekend?
No, I won't.
Oh, I'm in Tampa right now and I'm doing fishing tournament out of here.
I see. Well, I talked to the boss yesterday.
I did do it.
Yeah.
Yeah, you said you were going to have an interview with him.
Yeah, what Saturday afternoon we're going to do it at one o'clock and he's got my whole weekend.
I tend to already planned for me.
Oh, you guys are both building the same day.
That's right.
We have the same birth.
That's right. We sat together at his birthday party a couple of years ago.
What a great party that was.
Yes, it was.
But you know, one of the things that I thought was interesting about the Rares was and mad and made the comment on the money and I told cast that they just decided that they're not going to bother running the football because they can't seem to win that way.
And you know, they went from average and 40 points of game to 16 points of game.
So they've just put the ball back and gand and sends.
What's your reaction to that?
My reaction to that is you should go with what's going good for you.
Uh-huh.
And I get upset because they move the ball all the way down the field and they seem like they can't get it inside.
When they get inside the 20, they end up with three points instead of seven.
Yeah.
And that hurt them and they last two, not the last game, but the two games before that.
Right.
San Francisco, they couldn't get off the defense, couldn't get off the field.
And the other complaint I had is that they take out the best run back we have when they get inside the 20 and put in the substitutes that haven't been in their all game.
Friday, you best good.
The holiday season.
Everyone loves Christmas carols.
But until now, no one has ever written holiday songs about that other big holiday this time of year.
That's right.
I said until now, introducing Hanukkah Carol's on CD.
Hanukkah is always by that Christmas. They say something new.
If you did it, it is now if then you're not hurt you.
Hanukkah Carol's on CD spins like a cradle as it gives you hours and hours of holiday music to get you into the other spirit of the season.
On the A, Bay of Heart and Heart, my mama gave to me.
Eight pounds chopped with a seven slab of corn, three six potato lockers.
Five years of years.
If you're tired of the old traditional song of the holiday, here's the whole new tradition you'll get tired of almost before you know it.
You better buy gifts again.
I'm saying you know how we hate to pay retail.
The car is coming to town.
Hanukkah Carol's on CD.
It's the holiday collection. You just can't pass over it.
9.33.5.60. Happy Chinoka from all our staff from the Jewel crew and the Spix 2 at QAM.
That's basically all we got.
Isn't it? We got Jews and Spix.
Pretty much.
And then we got a couple of Swarks who's just like tokens, you know.
Speaking of that, but at Dion Sanders, the performance at halftime yesterday in the Papier Lions game, his performance was like a sitting walking ad for racism.
I mean, talk about an ugly stereotype. His performance was so gruesome and so grotesque, only outdone, but in fact that Greg Gumball and Phil Simms, between the two of them, they wouldn't know an incomplete pass if you stuffed a football at their ass.
Maybe too much turkey and cranberries, you know.
I think so. Oh, it's intercepted.
Wow, that's a key interception in the meantime.
The referee see when the official is staying there waving his arms frantically, usually guys that means it's incomplete.
You assholes.
And when the inventory comes out on fourth down, get ready to kick the field goal.
Usually that means the Patriots still have possession.
They're about to put three more on the board. You idiots.
Oh, I think Billusic pulled one off there. They got the field goal team out there. I kicked the field.
Uh oh, well, look at the replay. See that he never had it.
Oh, Greg Gumball, man. He's got to have naked pictures of somebody.
Maybe his brother in the Katie Kirk or something. You think?
Got to have. I mean, he is a mumbler, boring, terminal coma inducing, dotted in hijaja and coma.
Do you see the story about hijaja?
Yeah, she's in hospital.
Well, and I see that's pretty non-committal too. Do you think she's in a coma or not?
Do I think she's in a coma?
Well, the original story said she was in a coma after she had a car wreck.
That's what I heard. I heard she was in a coma.
Well, the irrelevant say, uh-uh.
Actress hijaja Gumball yesterday was recovering at Cedar Sinai Medical Center in LA a day after the car she was riding in.
Slammed into a light pool at Sunset Boulevard Authority said, I wonder, Gloria Swanson was there on Sunset Boulevard?
Do you think?
Could be. Or at least her body may have been laying out there on the street.
Sergeant Bruce Thomas of the LA County Sheriff Department said the actress 85 was in a coma, but Gumball's daughter disputed that.
She said, uh-uh.
She was never in a coma said Constance Francesca Hilton.
She's going to be just fine. She has a broken arm. She may have hit her head a little bit. And of course, how could you tell?
Thomas said Gumball was not wearing a seatbelt when the accident happened.
She was not wearing her seatbelt and so she sustained upper body trauma, possibly also hit injuries.
He said anytime a vehicle strikes a fixed object, you throw it in the vehicle.
Just another lesson. Why should wear your seatbelts?
You wear your seatbelt?
Yep.
Lier.
I don't.
You don't wear your seatbelt.
Why don't, like I said, why are you guys so red reluctant to butcher up you? Don't wear your seatbelt.
I do wear my seatbelt.
Full crap.
I do.
How about Miguel? You wear a seatbelt?
Never.
Good. Good for you, neither do I.
Secondary here, all these people make up stories that politically correct goody-two shoes.
I never do nothing wrong. Never pick my nose.
Right.
Never park your elevator.
That's what I was thinking.
Colossus is the kind of guy who would be in a crowded elevator.
It's part real bad. Everybody would give a new look and he'd say the dog done it.
The only problem there's no dog on the elevator.
Hilton insisted her mother was wearing a seatbelt.
She said, you see, I'm trying to butcher you up a little bit.
So next time you're on there with anybody else, you like try to pass it along a little.
Got it.
Appreciate it.
That performance yesterday that you thought was so outstanding.
It could have been hell of a lot better if he-
And-oh, I didn't tell the audience this part.
I wake up yesterday about 20 after I actually got a chance to sleep in late.
It's a nice day off. It's Thanksgiving, even though it's not up here.
And then I come mosing in here about 20 till 9.
And I sat down to look at the poll result and also check out the newspaper.
See if the world was still spinning around.
And when any time I come in or it's it down very often, I'll, you know,
just pot up the station to see if we're still on a year.
And I hear all of this assorted, you know, I wanted to see what this morning abortion was
that we had going yesterday.
But I couldn't hear it because over it was the beast playing bits and listening to that.
Which I could understand that.
And then I hear Neil, Neil, if you're there, Neil.
And it's Carlos.
Frantically.
Oh, should we leave the pot open in case you want to drop some stuff in here today?
And I thought to myself, is this kid an asshole or what?
Seriously, I mean, like I'm going to sit here on my day off.
I got nothing better to do than like even sitting and picking my nose and living with
me more entertaining than sitting in here like on a day off.
You got to understand it, mister.
You still don't get it.
Neither does the big part of this audience get it.
The paycheck, even those yours may be pretty puny in your check, too.
That's what it's all about.
I keep trying to tell you that.
That's what it's all about.
The paycheck.
Take the money and run.
This idea, the glamour of radio and glamour of eyes.
It's a bunch of crap, okay?
You hear the promos?
I mean, the rejoins were still running?
Like that one we just had for the mad duck?
That's been running since before.
Mary got pregnant.
That's how well that thing is.
You think that maybe now when the holidays are over, we might kind of like clean some of the stuff up.
Just like that thing on our website where it's got the news from before George Washington
and chopped down a cherry tree.
Here's some news.
Neil turns 59.
Of course that was last year.
We don't want to start picking on Eric, do we?
Talk to saying, yeah.
Yeah, well, say you can't hear you nodding your head.
Say it.
Say it.
Yes, damn it.
Grow up here.
That's it.
Yes.
Pick on him.
That website is more outdated than God damn the pilgrims.
I thought that was pretty good story.
I had Wednesday about the fact that the first Thanksgiving was in Florida.
I thought that was great.
But how about something good going for us?
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Listen, on that George Bush thing, do you have athel on it?
No, that would have been good.
Yeah, man.
He is an asshole.
Yeah.
Where does that stand is compared to Moron or Idiot?
Is it like a little bit lower on the food chain?
No, it's in the higher.
It's worse to be an asshole than an idiot because you know better, but you still are an asshole.
He's an asshole.
Well, we'll take another consideration.
We don't want to overwork Eric.
There has to add any categories on this.
It's blowing cold down here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How cold is it up there?
It's about 28.
And there was no turkey day over there, right?
They had an earlier.
They had an October.
So what do you do?
What do you do?
You sit around and you watch football games and you go out and have lunch.
I noticed that for the tourist, I guess, for the Americans here, they had a couple of places
had turkey dinner specials yesterday for Thanksgiving.
I didn't have no turkey.
You don't like it?
Where is it written?
First of all, turkey is tasteless.
Let's face it.
Father, talk how you cook it.
Well, it depends on what you put on it, not how you want it.
You get the juicey brew.
You get the skin.
You peel it back.
You put a couple of bacon strips in there.
And inside the cavity, you put the...
That's what I did yesterday.
I got a whole lot of the skin and peeled it back.
20 to 10 at 5.60 as far as the cavity part.
Correct.
So we'll leave that to somebody else.
20 to 10 at 5.60 at 7.00 am.
Hey, big things going with George.
Even though he's on vacation this week.
Now, how did Fresh Rion go Wednesday?
I would think that this would have been a pretty week week.
It was great.
Was it really?
Yeah.
Because you didn't have any special slut, I mean, a guest star.
And it was the night before Thanksgiving.
You had a good turn out?
It's good turn out.
It's always gonna.
And join George tomorrow.
Even though he's on vacation, he's still working his little ass off.
Oh, and I love the way somebody told Moa that George has been here all week long.
Every day, Hagridore, and having his Christmas is Thanksgiving dinner in the phone booth.
What does that mean, anyway?
I have no idea.
I haven't got the foggyest idea.
I don't think about that, no Moa.
Join George tomorrow, 11 to 1 at Bill Scydles.
Boulevard of Savings on Northwest 36th.
We just wasted 27th Avenue stop by to win prizes.
Enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs.
We're the bread and iron make the difference, okay?
We'll have some of our crappy, embarrassing QA and prizes.
Maybe even Doreen, the queen will be there.
Are you gonna be there with George?
George goes by himself.
George goes by himself.
I would thought that you would go there because that's your people.
Nah.
No?
No.
Northwest 36th, just west of 27th Avenue.
Who's people is that in that area?
Well, it's my people, but he could handle it by himself.
I see.
He speaks the right language.
Right.
941 at 560 WQM.
It's gonna be a great Friday.
I'm trying to push these people up a little bit and get that blood flowing little okay.
It's nice and cool down near the telemetry.
You got a nice breeze between your knees.
It's freezing up here with some...
I enjoy it.
I'm not just saying that for the hell of it.
I thought maybe I'd get aggravated with this.
I like it.
As long as it's not like real windy and too much blowing going on,
it's pretty damn good.
19 till 10 at 560 WQM.
New Balance is done again.
Just as that big Thanksgiving meal made you sit down and relax and stuff yourself.
New Balance is so full to want you up on your feet again to head in for the big,
after Thanksgiving sale.
This is absolutely the time to talk turkey at New Balance.
See they've been putting thousands of people to the most comfortable shoes they ever had on their feet.
Including me with those great walk and shoes.
And now it's your turn.
And the good folks at New Balance are going to help you with 15% off on their entire stock
plus up to 50% off on selected styles.
What does that mean to you?
Dummy?
Obviously, gigantic savings.
New Balance is stuffing you with savings and all your athletic and footwear needs
like shoes for cross-training, running, walking, lifting weights.
New Balance wants you to gobble up shoes for any of your weekend warrior activities.
Make the pilgrimage to New Balance for the big after Thanksgiving sale
with 15% off-style sizes and with the shoes that you'd have to shop for in catalogs
or by mail order.
New Balance is your one-stop shop to leave in special order for you to know extra charge.
New Balance has got sizes from infant to size 20,
so there are no excuses to keep you away from the big after Thanksgiving sale going on right now.
And you can get all the trimmings too, like New Balance Athletic Shorts, shirts and all styles of athletic socks too.
You'll find New Balance and they have insurance for a mall, pinecrest, Vokitown Center,
and their newest location in Palm Beach Gardens will be open in December.
15 to 50% off the other stores are turkeys compared to the price service and selection you'll find right now
at New Balance of South Florida.
My, and local, we're sports radio five-sixes, you and you and you and you.
And I'm going to mark off the number of guys to get into an NFL camp.
When all is said and done, half that roster might end up at least getting a cup of coffee in the NFL.
Once they're all through school in four years, that would be one of the most frightening teams in the history of the sport.
Mike, what do you think is going to happen with the Heisman?
It is tough.
I come back to this.
When we talk about, let's say, let's go back to Steve McNair a couple years ago.
When Steve McNair was doing it, we said, oh, look at his stats.
Boy, you know, his stats are inflated because of who he's playing against.
At the end of the day, Steve McNair is a very good quarterback.
Sometimes when guys get high numbers because of who they play or the system they play.
Like Cliff Quink King's very in Texas Tech.
You say, at the system, don't pay attention to the numbers, the numbers lie.
So now you're going to get a kid like Dorsey whose numbers aren't as gaudy because you've got so many people around them.
But all he does is win.
And he has successful a quarterback in terms of wins and losses as there's ever been in the sport.
And now you want to downgrade him because his stats aren't as sexy as some of the other guys.
And if you just look at the stats, you don't know that up his eight interceptions,
five were faults of the receivers somehow, some way.
Only three are on him this year.
As you can tell, unless Kenny really lays an egg in any one of these next three games, that's what I'm voting first.
Yeah, I went through a period this year where I was waffling on that a little bit, Mike.
And then I looked at what he does when it games on the line.
And somehow he makes the plays.
You know, in the last two minutes of a game is when he seems to be at his best.
So I don't know if he gets lazy in the course of a game or whatever,
but he starts off great.
And then in the last two minutes of the half, the last two minutes of a ball game,
where the last five minutes of a ball game, when they need him, he delivers.
Who does that remind you of in the NFL, Brett Farff?
Yeah, a little bit.
I'm not saying that he's like Brett from the beginning.
I know what you mean.
Except around the time when the tempo set, the start of the game, the period before half time,
coming out of the half and end of a close game, the guy always do it.
And then he's thrown one interception on third down in his entire career.
That's frightening.
That's a frightening number.
I know McGay, he's a special player.
I think if Frank Gore is healthy and in there, he may not have the numbers McGay he has,
but he's not too far behind.
I think if Ken Dorsey is not the quarterback of this team, they might not be undefeated.
Because he does so many leadership things that he never see.
And if you're telling me that it's a combination of the A-Rod MVP argument,
that it's the best player, the outstanding player, footballs, the ultimate team game,
so you have to take intangibles into consideration.
Right now, he's at the head of my list.
There's still a bit of the season to play out, but it would have to be a real big egg that he would lay from me not to put in first.
Who's coming on?
I guess the running back from Colorado is the one I keep hearing.
For Browns, but fabulous.
I'll tell you what, if Kingsbury and Texas Tech, their quarterback, he was great against Texas.
Yeah.
A Texas and good people.
If Chris Sims is probably getting blamed in Austin for the lost Texas Tech,
Chris Sims didn't allow over 30 points.
He didn't allow Texas Tech to score 40 points.
Kingsbury is coming on.
Most people talk Friday, you bastard.
I've been Miami Florida.
Here's what's happening today.
Just for you.
At your community, my name is station 560WQAF.
I want you to know what's happening all week long, right here in Miami.
Starting this Saturday, the retard parade sponsored and led by the Miami City Commissioners,
then become a sacrifice at Kayaocho as angry Cubans offer you what the Chupa Hobra.
The Lafethal Homeless Store featuring misery, starvation and other maladies under the 395 overpass,
buses leave at 9 a.m. from the Burga section of Liberty City.
Don't miss the Miami-Date Police Bravo Best Benefit,
and the grand opening of the new smack addict methadone center.
All this and more in the bedroom town of the world.
Kingsbury to be...
...in Miami.
All right.
If 947 at 560WQAF, I lied, I made a mistake anyway.
Lier.
Currently, Snowpellets in 34, on a way to Ohio 43 today.
It's going to be like kind of like murky all day.
It's okay, don't bother me.
And for you, dolphin people out there, because the forecast here is not that much different from Buffalo.
Right.
Sunday minus three is going to be the high, which is like 26 with snow.
I don't want to get nervous about the weather conditions,
because that's always where I can be an excuse.
And they borrowed the snow cloud from a Boston, by the way.
They shipped it across just in case they might need it on Sunday in Buffalo.
Authors picture of bushes, anything but moronic.
This is what inspired me for today's pool.
We've done similar ones before, but I figured with this,
all this moron controversy going on, and that the Francois du Croix had to resign up here.
Dark overtones in his malaproposums, president proud of his own inflexibility.
This is from the Toronto Star.
When Mark Crispin Miller first set out to write this lexicon observations on a national disorder
about the ever-growing catalog of President George W. Bush's verbal gaps, he meant it for a laugh.
When he came to realize, it wasn't entirely amusing.
Since the 2000 presidential campaign, Miller's been compiling his own collection of bushisms,
which have revealed he says a disquieting truth about what lurks behind the cac-eid-leer of the leader of the free world.
Much of love that expression, the cac-eid-leer, cac-eid.
He's not a moron at all on that point.
Miller and Prime Minister Jean Cretchan agree, but according to Miller, he's no friend.
I did initially intend it to be a funny book, but that was before I had a chance to read through all the transcripts, Miller,
an American author and professor of culture and communications at New York University said recently in Toronto, eh?
Bush is not an imbecile, he's not a puppet, I think that Bush is a sociopathic personality.
I think he's incapable of empathy, he has an inordinate sense of his own entitlement, and he's a very skilled manipulator.
And in all the snickering about his alleged idiocy, this is what a lot of people miss.
Miller's judgment that the president might suffer from a bona fide personality disorder almost makes one long for the less menacing notion currently making the rounds that the White House's core document is in fact simply an idiot.
If only.
Miller's rendering of the president is bleaker than that.
In studying British, or Bush's various adventures in oration, he started to see a pattern emerging.
He has no trouble speaking off the cuff when he's speaking punitively when he's talking about violence, when he's talking about revenge.
When he struts and thumps his chest, his syntax and grammar are fine, Miller said it's only when he leaves into the wild blue yonder of compassion or idealism or altruism that he makes these hilarious mistakes.
While Miller's book has been praised for its eloquence and playful use of language, it is enraged, Bush supporters, what a surprise.
Bush's ascended the eyes of many Americans as approval rating hovers at near 80% was the record result of tough talk following the 9-11 terrorist attacks in those speeches, Bush stumbled not at all.
His language of refribution was clear.
It was a sharp contrast to the pre-9-11 George W. Bush, even before the Supreme Court in 2001 had to intervene and rule on recounts and floored after that contentious presidential election, a core of journalists were salivating into prospect, a bafflingly inarticulate man in a position of power not seen since the Vice President Dan Quail wrote shotgun on George H. W. Bush's one-term in office.
But equating Bush's malaprofisms with Quail's inability to spell potato is a dangerous assumption Miller says.
At a public address in Nashville, Tennessee in September, Bush provided one of his most memorable stumbles.
Trying to give strength to his case that Saddam Hussein had already deceived the West concerning his store of weapons, Bush was scripted and offered an old saying,
''Fool me once, Shaman, you, fool me twice, Shaman, me.'' What came out was the following, ''Fool me once, Shaman, you, long uncomfortable paws, fool me, can't get fooled again.''
Clay for laughs everywhere, Miller saw darkness underlying the gaff.
There's an episode of Happy Days where the Fonz has to say, ''I'm sorry, I can't do it.'' Same thing Miller said.
What's revealing about this is that Bush could not say Shaman me to save his life, that's a completely alien idea to him.
This is a guy who's absolutely proud of his own inflexibility and rectitude.
Rectitude, rectum!
If what Miller says is true and it would take more than just observations to prove it that Bush has achieved an astounding goal.
By stumbling blightly along he's been able to push his image as just folks, a normal guy who screws up just like the rest of us.
This in fact is a central cog in his image making machine Miller says, ''portraying the wealthy Sion of one of America's most powerful families is a regular and perfect Joe.''
''Sion, Sion, you got to pronounce that word?''
''No.''
''I always get it wrong.''
But the depiction Miller says is also remarkable for what it hides, imperfect yes but also detached, wealthy and unable to identify with the folks he's designed to appeal to.
An example Miller says, ''Surface to early in his presidential tenure.''
''I know how hard it is to put food on your family.'' Bush was quoted as saying, ''This wasn't because he's so stupid he doesn't know how to say put food on your family's table. It's because he doesn't care about people who can't put food on the table.''
Miller says, ''So when Bush isn't envisioning a forehanded forehanded foreign policy or observes on some point that it's not the way that America's all about, Miller contends it's because he can't keep his focus on things that mean nothing to him.''
When he tries to talk about what this country stands for or what the democracy's all about, it can't do what he said.
''This then is why he's so closely watched by his handlers, Miller says, not because he'll say something stupid, but because he'll over indulge in the language of violence and punishment which he excels. He's a very angry guy, a hostile guy, he's much like Nixon. So they're very, very careful to choreograph every movie he makes. They don't want him anywhere near protesters because he loses temper.''
Miller without question is a man with a mission and he laughter isn't it? I call him the feel bad president because he's all about punishment and death. He said it would be a grave mistake to just play him for laughs.
That's what he says. So there you go. There's one version. He's a sociopath says this guy. How's the pull coming?
It's going to be a pretty request for today. It's the day after Thanksgiving and shopping day. 76 votes is all we got so far.
Which of these best describes President George W. Bush, like I said, 78 votes. Dangerous 23, great leader 20, moron 15, okay, nine,
okay, mediocre six and idiot five. So let's see 25.6% say great leader and arrested. I've got something less flattering to say about no president.
Here's a call from Pompano. Hello. Hey, okay. It's going out. Happy holidays to you and say to you three quick things to vote about the beast.
I guess one of them about Bush regarding the beast. I got something positive and something negative to say.
Okay. The positive thing is I give the guy a lot of credit because I was in radio when I was younger and I saw what garbage you have to go through to get a career in radio.
So if the kids sticking by his guns and trying to make the best of it, I give him a lot of credit for that. I really do.
He didn't sound that bad yesterday, but the bad thing was he wasn't prepared. I mean,
he didn't sound that bad, but then you say he wasn't prepared. He got better as the show went along. I lived through about two and a half hours over three hours over what I was puttering around.
But the thing is, the first thing out of his mouth is he's on an all sports show. The first thing out of his mouth is no sports, no hurricanes.
Well, we don't know anything about the guy. I mean, at least somebody calls up and talks to you. You can say, oh, this guy is gay or this guy is liberal or this guy is this or this guy.
You got something to base it on. We know that the guy is a sports person. We always university my amy guy.
What are you going to talk to him? What are you going to talk to him about?
That's a good point. There were too many no-nose, I think, on her yesterday. I just heard the first few minutes and then again toward the end of her another five or ten minutes.
But too many exclusions and any aspects like the colors to lead the show, which is always a bad mistake.
Right. And I give him credit for... I actually give the guy credit for...
I give him a lot of credit for being a pussy.
No, well, no. Let me just say it's about what his comments about not wanting to talk about Mo.
The guys absolutely correct in the fact that they can't fire Neil Rogers because Neil Rogers is 50% of the advertising revenue or whatever it might be.
They fire him. I mean, he makes a comment about Mo. He's out the door.
No, no, he's not. Now listen, do you really believe that if anybody else at this radio station is...
He's already been canned off of that show.
But do you believe that if anybody else at this radio station makes a comment about that show, who doesn't work on that show, that they're going to get canned at full credit?
Okay, well, what if he were to make a comment about Greg Reader about anybody else's management there?
No, Greg Reader, if you go... That might be pushing a little bit too far at this point.
Right. Okay, so that's the thing.
So I mean, I can say, give him some credit and I give him some criticism there.
Because when he, you know, when he's saying, well, you know, we're not going to talk about sports, well, except for Neil and George, it's a sports show.
I mean, not that I would have called him talking about sports, but you know, that was that.
Now, regarding our presidentate, you occasionally hear the phrase that when he was at Yale University, he received the gentleman's C.
Right.
Okay, do you know what a gentleman said? I'm going to be honest as a series.
No, the gentleman's C actually is.
Go ahead.
Okay, when you go to Yale, I'm from Connecticut originally.
George's grandfather was Prescott Bush who was a governor of Yale.
Right.
His father obviously went to Yale.
So he comes along, it's like animal house. He's a legacy. He's got to be admitted.
Right.
And when they get him in there and they realize what a screw-up he is, they cannot let him go.
They cannot boot him out of the university because the Bush family was sticking so much money in and contributions.
So basically, they said to him, keep your nose clean. Don't get in trouble.
Go to class once in a while and we'll pass you through.
Tonight, you can keep his nose clean.
Right.
But the thing is with the Ivy League schools, I mean, I'm from New Haven, which is where Yale is, they don't want to admit that they made a mistake by admitting somebody that's not up to their standards.
They just show those guys on through.
Well, yeah, I got to run.
Okay, George, take a good holiday, bye-bye.
You too.
9.57 at 5.60 W.Q. I'm speaking to Pompato. Monday racing is back at Pompato Harness.
Pompato is now open for live harness racing four nights a week.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday is like the night in Saturday.
First post on 7.15 in the PM, free general parking, free clubhouse, free grandstand emission, every afternoon evening.
And of course, if Monday night racing is back at Pompato Park, there's got to be a free spaghetti night coming up at the track.
How about this Monday, December 2?
With every Pompato Park program purchased this Monday after 6 PM, you get you a coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner on the fourth floor players lounge.
Life doesn't get better than that.
Bring your own glass.
And this Saturday, November 30th, tomorrow night is family fun night with free prized rides for adults, free mini horse rides, popcorn, gift space painting, and magic show for kids all starting at 7 PM.
Come out for a great evening, a great horse racing action.
Ruhumul winner from the rail treats yourself to a private box seat on the fourth floor.
Or enjoy a benign, Jerry's hot butt Sunday or slice of a lot of these pizza.
And don't forget the sixth floor top of the park dining room was open right now with nightly specials and the best seafood steaks and prime rib dinners in town.
The Broward County fairs underway Pompato Park through December 1st, make a double header with the trips of the fair in the night at the races.
Don't forget that every Wednesday at the track is dollar night.
You can get you a draft beer hot dog, soda large press or a popcorn, only a bucket piece.
There's also a great artichan eat buffet every racing night on the fourth floor players lounge only 10.95 per person.
And of course, as always, Pompato Park is open every day, seven days a week, full card time will casting, starting at noon with highlight harness and thoroughbred racing action.
But don't forget the big news. Money racing is back. Reese spaghetti dinners coming Monday night Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, post time 715 at Pompato Harness.
I'm not like this is 420 by 60.
You know, just show the sign of the character guys we have.
Just anybody's willing to step up and take on a new role because we've, you know, been changing our guys around so much.
It's almost hard to keep track of some of the guys.
If you guys on defense who've been here for 10 days and all of a sudden they're thrown in for a starting role.
So, you know, it's somewhere.
It happens to every team. It's how you deal with it and how you react to the adversity that's that depends makes up your team.
Well, you're kind of a new guy yourself that did it take a little time this year for it all to come together?
Is that why you think maybe you got off to the slow start?
You know, I think offensively we came out slow and I don't think it was until the by week where we really could set back in and see what we were doing wrong and improve on those things.
And then we came back and had that great game against Denver and really got our confidence going.
I think that's where we're able to learn from our mistakes, correct them.
And then with that Denver game, it was huge for our teams confidence and just getting everybody on the same page.
Last year when you guys came down here for the playoff game, you ran all over Miami.
As you look at Miami's run defense now, do you see improvement in it or and also in terms of Miami's defense in the game they played against the Jets?
What are you in for on Sunday?
Well, I think it's definitely going to be a hard-knosed game.
You know, I'm sure they're going to be watching the film of how we played them last year and seeing the different things that we did.
So you know, it's just going to be a battle this weekend, two good teams.
They're probably going to be on a little skid right now so they're looking to get back into the groove of things.
And we're just trying to battle and grind away and continue out through the season.
So I think it'll be a good game. I'm excited to play.
All right. We excited to watch you play.
Thanks very much for coming on the show. All the best to you.
All right. Thank you.
Okay. Bye-bye.
Oh my God. No, you're kidding.
Here, I'm on line.
And we're going to have to do a hand-drawn card.
It can beat defensive backs down the sideline on a simple fly pattern.
Yeah, it's, I'll tell you what, that guy is unbelievable.
Some of these guys actually, you know, they aren't kickers or, you know, even quarterback to hip, but, you know, not as much.
Some of the guys that play, you know, positions where you're taking a pounding and they're playing into their middle 30s and late 30s and into their 40s.
That's, that's pretty amazing. I think that says a lot about someone's character.
Well, first of all, I was really excited for you getting that touchdown on Sunday night.
That was one of the few offensive highlights in the game.
Although you guys were, we're moving up all the times and it just seemed like, you know, something would happen.
A penalty or a sack at the back at a bad time and you just can't get it going.
And I don't have to tell you, you know, 10 points of game isn't going to get it.
Yeah, you know, I think as an offense, I just think, you know, we are Friday, you bastard.
You'll come back to this installment and I'll know how it David, you'll slap me, will you?
You'll slap me before I have a stroke, will you?
Okay.
So why you, what's the big idea?
You're cured, Mo.
You're dead. I'll give you a shot, then I'll cure you.
Now, let's go to the polls.
The roles pop behind the abandoned Panty Pride. Hello.
Oh, yeah, hi, Mo.
Yeah.
What do you know what you're saying?
I just want to tell you I love your show, man.
Right, thank you.
And have you seen my dead beaver?
What dead beaver?
The one that's glued to your head.
Huh.
Huh.
All right, Mr. David, no one will be here.
What a hell are you?
We'll be here to end the episode with...
Wait, wait!
Why all of you know I once had lunch with Whitmissle?
Hey, what are you doing?
Get your hair off of me.
You can do this the easy way in a hard way.
Come along.
Who do you think you are?
You know who I am?
You stupid.
I don't push me there.
Have a move, you'll pay.
Have a move, you'll pay.
Move, you'll pay.
Please, I'm over, Piggy.
You can wrap them down.
Tonight, on the paper.
Hey, hey, you!
What's that?
What's the more black...
What's up?
Oh, oh!
What's up?
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, shit, my brush is tingling.
No, I know how that ginsga is looking.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Happy Chinooka Moe.
10.04.05.16 WDQM.
I mean, notice how we're getting like one call at a time here in their spotty.
That's good.
When you get too many all the ones, then it becomes cumbersome, you know?
Although I do understand the beast had a plethora of call yesterday about that now.
The women that were calling, they were telling me about all the women who were calling you yesterday.
Do you see on the phone, how I'm trying to quit somebody now, is he going to do the show with us?
I don't know what he's doing.
All those women you said calling were they responding to that pull question about short and fat and the baldens, etc. Is that what that was?
Yeah, a couple of them were.
Yeah.
I thought we were saying that they did a side hit like during the summertime when I'm not here a good part of the time.
Oh, George gets all of these women calling in, you know?
Well, three or four was about right.
But I think compared to what we normally get, that's a lot of women.
I guarantee you we'll have at least one woman today.
Okay, I guarantee you that.
101 votes on a pull, which of these best describes President George W. Bush?
Dangerous 31, great leader, 29.
More on 19.
Okay, 10.
Mediocre 6 and idiot 6.
We'll have a woman there before you know it.
They're busy, they're out shopping. Don't you understand that? They don't have time to call us today. They're busy shopping.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I listened to the B.C. yesterday and you're right. He should have talked about why he was fired by a power David.
But otherwise, he was entertaining. I thought he was great.
Yeah, excellent.
And there's a reason why you lose 40% of your audience during the summer.
George, he's just unlistenable.
You laugh, but I will not let you laugh, but I will not let you laugh.
I listen, take all the time you are ripped George and ask.
Well, you laugh, but I will not listen to him. I will listen to you on Tuesday.
So what do you think? We ought to have the beast on?
Absolutely. I thought he was great.
And you know, somebody complained about him not talking about sports.
Well, he was trying to appeal to the wider audience.
Your audience, most of them aren't into sports.
Right. Well, we got some sport. We got some sport over there.
But the fact that I understand what you're saying sports is narrow casting, narrow casting.
Exactly.
Instead of peeling to the niche, he was trying to appeal to the larger market.
And there is some overlap, but I thought he was great and entertaining.
And I would definitely recommend him as your replacement.
I will take some calls on that.
I mean, there's a good topic for today.
George or the beast. That's good. George is invocating the list of men.
Yes, and the beast.
Okay, thanks. I got you down.
You're good.
Poor George.
Did they even hear the fed themselves?
Is the beast here to defend himself today?
Probably.
What? What can I say?
No, but from some of the rips he got.
He got some rips from me from the other guy that said he was unprepared.
You think everybody it's going to call today is going to say,
oh, the beast was sensational yesterday.
When we market, some people say it was so embarrassing I had to turn it off.
It was soft of a market was juvenile or maybe even it was unprofessional.
How do you like that?
Huh?
Unprofessional.
I've heard that before about him.
I don't want to say where I heard it.
Would you hear it?
Five six, five six, seven, oh five, 60.
Count five, 60 on the AT&T.
First of all, this business like the last guy, I understand.
A lot of people don't like George and there are many reasons not to like George.
He's a member.
He's an anti-Semite.
He's homophobic even the way he denies it.
Although, that should be pretty popular.
What else?
What else?
Why else don't the audience like George?
Well, according to this, you're also an anti-Semite.
Yeah, who cares?
Oh, you know what that's from.
That's a response to that first call.
Okay? So in other words, if you don't agree with everything that Israel does,
you're an anti-Semite.
Bull crab.
That's got to be from that first guy to call.
Well, now that Osama messed with Israel, now he'll see, yeah, right.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
The first one that said,
Hey, you're going to tell us the scoop on the mohauer.
David.
I did hear that.
Yes.
David.
And he, you know, reluctantly wouldn't do it.
And I said, come on, that's what we want to hear.
But I told you the weird thing was, is that my wife really like listening to him.
She said, man, he was fantastic.
She said, man, he was fantastic.
Because she doesn't normally listen.
And he said, man, he's appealing to somebody totally different.
Yeah.
George is in there with his gloves off and he's not worried about getting fired and he
can say what he wants to say, he's pretty damn good.
But the same with anybody else.
I mean, you can do what you want to do because you're kneel.
But these other guys, man, they sound like they're worried and they're scared because of
their jobs and they don't say what they got to say to make it interesting.
So what are you saying?
I don't say that they need to take the gloves off and say what they got to say and quit
being putty like you said.
That's the deal, man.
Otherwise, it's boring.
I don't give a crap how entertaining they claim it was.
If a guy isn't going to like lay it right out there, it's boring.
You know?
Absolutely true.
Have a great day.
Oh, this is a fact that you were talking about.
We don't be fur to this person.
Don't ever fact me one of these again from this individual.
We don't dignify him by mentioning the name.
Okay.
I thought maybe it was like from a real human being.
Here's one that says, please give his nap day on the story on Wednesday on the new old
these radio station 1040 AM, which I thought was moving to 640.
Wasn't that the deal?
Didn't we give Carlos that assignment on Wednesday on a way home he was supposed to listen?
Yeah, actually, we did take a listen.
It was the only station to still play Tony Bennett.
But were they playing like the other facts you said?
I saved that facts.
Wait a minute.
I still got the facts from Wednesday where he says they play the Eagles and they play a Fleetwood
Mac and Chicago in the Vogue's.
That's not the oldies that I was listening to.
It was 1040.
Yep.
And we were playing like Peggy Lee.
So anyway, Tom Zickert says, verify the Tom Zickert sucks.
Well, we can't verify that because evidently, Tom Zickert was right for once in his life.
So this other guy that was telling me that they play the Eagles and Fleetwood Mac and Chicago
in the Vogue's and very refreshing.
I don't know what the hell the drugs he's on, but they're playing Frank Sinatra and Peggy Lee
and Benny Goodman and the Glenn Miller and stuff like that.
Am I right?
I told you, but...
And Freak and Tony Bennett was older than sawdust.
Good, Golly Miss Molly.
So so far, I would say the beast is doing pretty good with you from the 20 or 30 people
who were listening yesterday.
It's the holidays.
What do you expect?
That's why everybody takes off.
We know that there's nobody listening to the radio on Thanksgiving just because all
the kids are out of school and everybody's off of work.
And we have this gigantic potential listening audience out there.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless LAN.
How's my good post-friend Gary Sarner doing by the way?
Anybody seen him lately?
I'm running about.
My condolences.
I feel guys are here.
My condolences to you.
From minutes after 10 a.k.w. in, guys, you want to have some serious fun?
Yeah.
VIPsportsbook.com.
Now that's some serious, serious fun.
But on football, that against the heat, which ought to be easy money like taking candy
from a baby, but hockey like the Leafs and the Air Flyers this afternoon don't get
to optimistic all your leaf landslok on now and see how easy it is to use their
site.
I bet you they got a great website, Eric.
You don't have to be a high-ruler to play at the best sportsbook at VIPsportsbook.com.
You can bet it's a little less 5 bucks.
So seriously, have some fun.
You may even win some money at least you'll be treated like a VIP.
I still say this is the worst piece of copy in the history of radio, Gary Sarner.
You are a putzman.
You're pathetic.
You're tragic.
You're stealing money from this radio station.
All your horse players out there are going to love this VIPsportsbook.com.
Some pays track odds plus 10%.
You'd be crazy not to bet the horses there.
The VIP online casino is great too with blackjack, crap, sloths with a minimum wage
or is low as 10 cents.
We are now talking about some very serious fun, even for you slippers out there.
It's easy to sign up online.
Just go to VIPsportsbook.com or give them a call tool free at 1-800-VIP-B-E-T-S.
Sign up now and line line and get you that 15% cash bonus.
So go on and have some fun with VIPsportsbook.com.
If you contact them by phone, be sure and tell them Gary Sarner's a putzman.
My and local.
This is 430-560.
You weigh a few.
Hey, is I wanted to go up and down the court.
We want to run, we want to get out, we want to get layoffs early post-ups if we can.
Early opportunity shots.
From that point, if we don't have it, then we want to play the game.
We call play the game.
It's not a freestyle manner, but in a way that we can go to the strengths of our
primary players.
Iroes on earlier, we're talking about Eddie Jones.
And Jones, is he coming around to play the kind of game that Eddie Jones played before
he got here?
Well, this is, it's almost the same game.
Eddie's always been about an 18-20 point game guy.
That's who he is.
And I think when we brought him here, we brought Eddie here and Brian Grant here at a time
when we felt that we were going to be the Tim and the Dan Marley in a round of morning
and it's the Mason and then we took a legitimate shot at it and shaken the team up and
bringing him to the high-throw, we're two very good players and they are.
Very good players that we would have a shot at when the championship and then the kidney
disease basically got him the way of a lot of things.
So Eddie has done a great job.
I think the expectation level for him is probably a little bit too high on the part of a lot
of other people.
They want him to be Kobe Bryant.
They want him to be tracing the Grady.
He isn't that.
He's a slashing, jump shooting, quick player that's average and 18 a game for us.
I was 19 last year for us and I can't ask anything more from him.
Karam Butler has brought some ooze and eyes.
Well, even out of you.
Is he a quick good learner?
Yes.
Well, he's a little slow right now because he called me old-fashioned in the press today.
But it was okay.
He probably wants to be somewhere else.
What did he mean by that?
Well, it was, it was said complimentary.
Of course he denied it.
But I love him.
He's a true warrior.
He's a warrior that's learning how to play.
And he reminds me a lot of Zach Thomas.
He has a linebacker.
He's just like right there.
He's going to take all the hits.
He's going to get hurt.
He's going to come right back.
And he's learning.
So I think we have a good one there.
I think we just got to let him keep playing and playing and playing.
I think in a year or two, it's going to take a year or two for him to really emerge because
he's a neo-fight.
He really doesn't understand the NBA game and situations.
What's coming in front of him?
What's coming up behind him?
We all these things.
And he keeps getting surprised every 90.
He said, he means to tell me they do that coach.
Is that what they do?
Is that what I got?
I got to be ready over there.
And he's getting the very best every night out of him.
He's ready all the first night.
As Trace McGrady also in that particular game.
And so he's getting an array of an experience of players that he can really go to work.
I know you have to go to work just before one more question before you go.
Hume Brown comes back to the league today.
His coach Memphis.
Your old boss, Jerry Westhire.
They're like the sunshine boys.
What about you becoming that guy?
Well, I think Jerry, I would never doubt anything.
I have five or six rings.
And they're all, I think, because of him when I was...
This is for the bass.
I woke up this morning with a feeling of despair.
I looked for my pussy, but my pussy wasn't there.
Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well.
Oh, push, push, push, push, get a kid, kid, kid.
I got better in the well.
I got out of the ladder and I climbed down to my bed.
I saw your nunchipies that my pussy was soaking wet.
Well, well, well, not a cat fell in the well.
Oh, push, push, push, push, get a kid, kid.
I got better in the well.
But I got home by the phone.
When she pushed and it she jumped.
Then Emma was a kid, he had that pretty ass pussy that fell in the well.
Then Emma was a pussy that could quite compare with her.
Pretty as a picture with her long and so different.
Well, well, well, well, my cat fell in the well.
Oh, push, push, push, push, push, get a kid, kid.
I got better in the well.
If you have a pussy that you wouldn't try to sell.
Never let her wander or she might fall in well.
Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well.
Oh, push, push, push, push, push, get a kid, kid.
I got better in the well, well, good.
Well, at 18 at 5.60 W.C.A.M.,
see that's for the beast because regardless of what anybody says,
let me give you a comparison since this other guy's comparing George with the beast.
OK, now I'm not taking sides, but I'll give you a comparison.
I remember those days, those ugly grotesque days when somebody on our station
out of one who mentioned Mo was trying to get George canned.
Right.
Remember those road test days?
Well, come to find out that the first chance George got on the year after that.
I was in, I think, traveling somewhere, which is unusual.
But George did the show that day and he came on the year and he told,
I didn't hear it, but I heard about it.
He told the whole story.
Yeah.
Right.
Am I right?
You were there that day.
Well, I know with them.
Right.
And he told the whole story.
Didn't pull any punches.
And of course, this is a guy not only had to worry about getting fired.
Well, somebody had just tried to get him fired.
I mean, actually it was under verge like about a hair is breadth away from getting his ass canned.
To the extent that I had a message on my voice mail up here,
oh, I've decided from our general mangler from that goofball,
I've decided to terminate George Rodriguez.
And this is all based on the bluster and fluster and hysteria of that silly old man with a bad hair piece.
And he goes on the year and having the balls to at least go on there and talk about it.
Here's the beast whose gets canned off of that show.
See, that's the difference.
George doesn't work on that show.
Never has and never will.
He was not in the most show.
So what business is he got tried to get somebody canned off of this show?
Here's a guy that was on that show gets canned off of the show.
Then gets called on professional on the day when a guy's taken the day off
but is tuning into listen because he evidently has no life.
Maybe he was ironing his hair piece that morning.
And he's doing the updates that day and goes out with Gellie for a few words.
Get him off right now.
He's on professional.
I don't want him on my show.
How do you like that?
And we have the golden opportunity yesterday for him to come on at least clarify
and at least set the record straight that he was terminated from that program.
Does he do it?
No.
No, see?
That to me is a very high pussy factor right there.
Is there any doubt about that?
No.
So you know Carlos is there sucking his ass because you know Carlos is just glad to have a job
and be getting a paycheck.
That's all.
So when anybody we put in there, we could have Miguel do the show and Carlos will suck your ass.
Oh, I don't think so.
Yeah, you would.
I felt bad for him.
I mean, if clearance.
Why not?
Why did you feel bad?
Oh, what are you about to say?
If it came from upstairs, if the order cannot say something.
Let's go back.
Okay.
If clearance won.
If the order came up from stairs, if the order came from clearance to not to take it easy.
During the show, that's why I was kind of giving him the benefit of the doubt.
And let me tell you something, Clist.
Parents, there now?
I went out to look for him a couple of minutes ago to give him that thing and have some.
That thing, you know.
Haven't seen him.
Well, if you're less than clearance to use the line from Godfather 3, don't ever give an order like that again.
Okay.
Because basically what that does is what are the show down?
You put a guy on who's supposed to be entertaining.
We're trying to keep as much of the audience as possible out there.
And it's part of these calls, these people calling him suck an ass and whatever else.
You could put a monkey, a trained monkey on here for, you know, the first time.
Oh, my God, that monkey was a genius.
He was very entertaining.
The show could have been 100 times better if he would have been able to let it hang out.
First he has to find it, but then he's got to let it hang out.
Is there any debate about that?
No.
I think it was his obligation.
I think the spirit of Christ compelled him to get on there yesterday and just lay it right out there and say,
I got canned because for whatever, even have to knock the guy.
He could just come on and say he's unprofessional.
He's a tub of crap.
He's a troublemaker.
He's a schmittestor, but whatever.
Just talking.
Right.
But didn't do it.
So you get high marks for rubbing, very entertaining or whatever, but the low marks for balls.
Low marks for balls, beast, though.
So George against the beast for the summer feeling.
Now what do you guys say?
That was just a joke.
Thank you.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Mr. Rogers, how are you this morning, sir?
Pretty good.
How are you doing, Mr. Collar?
Oh, not too bad.
Yeah, you're right.
The beast did good yesterday, except that he did winp out.
He's on the air talking about how his parents can support him or have supported him and if they need it money or whatever.
So it's not that he was worried about getting fired from the job because I'm sure he's not making all that much money.
He could have had the co-owners and gone and said what he should have said.
Yeah.
And I told him yesterday he said that he's going to be a mediocre mediocre mediocre.
A broadcaster if he doesn't just pull up the balls and go for it.
Yeah, he got to pull up his balls.
Yep.
Thank you, sir.
Got to find him first, though.
Oh, that's a stroke.
Okay, thank you.
You know the worst thing a mediocre rat.
What is it?
A mediocre, no?
When you leave this guy alone, the guy's a little bit nervous.
He called yesterday. He's calling again today.
He figured I'm going to hang up on him.
It's a holiday, man.
I'm in a great mood.
I'm feeling great.
Don't ask me why.
I do lie.
You think I'm lying about this?
I enjoy the cold weather.
I never thought I would.
And you know what a prick I am.
If I hated that, it'd be the first one to tell you, man, I'm freezing my ass off up here.
I like it.
You feel invigorated.
You feel like you're alive.
Everything feels clean.
Yeah, I would hope so.
I want to be catching no diseases and nothing like that.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
Speaking of not so clean, the CIA has traced transfers of tens of millions of dollars from the
Saudis to Al Qaeda over the last year.
U.S. officials and congressional sources be sane.
The key backers of Al Qaeda are said to be 12 prominent Saudi businessmen, all of whom have extensive business and
personal connections with the Royal Family.
These include ties to such ministers as Saudi Defense Minister Prince Sultan bin Abdul Aziz, Interior Minister Prince Nayaf bin Abdul Aziz, and we are Governor Prince Salman.
In July, the RAN corporation delivered a briefing to the Defense Policy Board which warned that the Saudi royal family has grown dependent on Islamic insurgency groups linked to Al Qaeda.
The Saudi spend billions of dollars in supporting anti-Western religious activities throughout the world, Middle East Newsline reported.
The CIA has tracked the flow of the funds of the 12th of this men and have urged U.S. allies in Africa, Asia and Europe to freeze the assets of the Saudis.
So far, no action has been taken.
On Tuesday of this week, officials said the National Security Council has discussed a plan to press your Saudi Arabia into ending the flow of funds to Al Qaeda.
They said one proposal which hasn't even been approved costs for U.S. ultimatum that would give the King of 90 days to crack down on Al Qaeda or face the unilateral U.S. action.
Officials wouldn't elaborate what this action would involve. Hopefully, on a Bomba Grande.
The facts are not in dispute. A congressional source familiar with the CIA investigation said.
The CIA has briefed a key congressional committees on the Saudi violation of its promises to stop funding Al Qaeda.
The argument between the administration and Congress concerns what we do now.
How do you like that, huh?
ABC News Identify one of the businessmen is Yasin Al Qaeda. He was described as a multi-millionaire involved in banking, chemicals, diamonds and real estate.
I fear that many people in the world, family or people close to the world, family have been a...
Eating and abetting terrorists, wittingly or unwittingly, said Richard Shelby, the Alabama Republican and leading member of the Senate Select Intelligence Committee.
The president believes that Saudi Arabia has been a good partner in the war against terrorism, White House Minister of Information, or a fly-share said, who confirmed the council's discussions.
But even a good partner like Saudi Arabia can do more in the war against terrorism and that involves the financial front and diplomatic front, too.
There you go. There's those freaking Saudis for you. I told you on Wednesday, that's the San Shiger and the Woodpile right there.
We're worried about Iraq. Iraq is like Frankie Pantangeli. They're small potatoes. Small potatoes.
We had to be going into the Saudis. Just hook up the guy named Chevron and Mobile and X-Jong Thing, right? Just hook up the pipe.
You know what I'm saying? Hook up the hose. Give him the old hose. 5, 6, 7.
We want some women on there today, too. By the way, Carlos is going to be very bitterly disappointed and over the weekend be spreading a lot of bad stories about this show.
Now, did you get a hold of Iraq yet? Did you whip his ass in his shape?
Got a hold of him.
No, no, I'm serious. See, what's going on here? And the reason being that I'm too soft, I'm getting old, I'm getting lazy.
I let you guys basically do what everyone. Oh, gee, doing a meal show is like a piece of cake. Sure, because I sit back and I put up with anything because I like here about getting that fat paycheck.
But I mean, once in a while, when you're looking on your website and you see the news, the last posting on there is January of this year and it's already done almost December.
When you see the last birthday that I had was in 2001.
When you don't see anything about Neil doing a show in Toronto or Amsterdam or coming back after the summer, deal this last summer and you can't have that on your own website, you've got to say something really stinks on our website, you know, which used to be great.
Used to be great.
Teddy Roosevelt used to be great, too. We ain't feeling too good right now. You know what I'm saying?
Just because something used to be great doesn't mean you don't need to keep your ass on it.
So get with it Carlos. Get all over his ass. Call him up. I want you to make him cry. Okay.
No problem. You know how you do that? How?
Dial is number. Tell me to you.
1027 at 560 WQA. I'm Tom Lehman and how that party act GMC. They're in a great holiday mood. They're always in a good mood. They're great folks.
And they're proud right now to announce the great Neil Rogers. Neil deal 0% sale. Yes, with the proof credit from GMAC. Get zero down payment and 0% financing and all 2002.
And even 2003 Pontiac and GMC models plus zero payments for 90 days. Or if you like, you can take you a rebate of up to 5 grand.
And as always at halibut zero hassles when you shop there. Don't forget to mention you heard about all this on the Neil Rogers show and say even more.
Just tell him what's this Neil deal? And immediately they'll start throwing money at you. Check out the complete line of great gas gasoline GMC SUVs, including the envoy.
They make the apologies by the way because there are a lot of people out there love SUVs. So they're not going to apologize. They're going to say, hey, which one you want?
The envoy was voted by motor trend as SUV. The year in the Pontiac vibe is a big gutsy SUV that's got the power of a sports car. But ain't no Corvette.
They've also got a dependable selection to great use cars, trucks and SUVs. And if you're worried about cutting a dealer that maybe you have like marginal credit, you can't pay your bills. Have no fear because how it is here. They will cut you with the element of what kind of a deadbeat you are.
But right now, don't forget it's the great Neil deal zero percent sale on Halibut Pontiac. And they were in the same great location. They've been treating people great for over 35 years.
134 or one South Dixie highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week. For more information called the Neil Deal Hotline Tool Free, 1-885-342-11. That's 1-885-342-11. Halibut Pontiac GMC who be professional great.
I'm a pilot local. This is 516. The radio is on your side.
QA and...
Fun team to watch. They've been playing real good football. I know you caught a bit of a break last week. I was in Oakland for their game and watched your game on television.
But you know, Cortez misses the field goal, but you're in a position to win. That's all you can hope for every week.
Well, with the exception of one game this year, we in fact have been in a position to win each week. And you know, I've been very pleased with the way our players have gone about this. They spend a lot of time in preparation.
And they've shown a willingness to get the things done in practice and meetings that we think need to be done. And that carries over in the games.
I was out there last summer and saw you on television. They were showing your talk at the Chamber of Luncheon. And you talked about all the close games that the team had lost last year. And how that was going to change this year.
You went out on a limb a little bit, but that's been the case. You've been winning the close ones.
Well, you know, I think Hank, when it all comes down to it, you got to have a certain mindset. And that mindset has got to be we're going to try and find a way to win and do it as ever necessary to that end.
And our players have done that. I mean, we've been behind or tied in the fourth quarter. I think of three or four games and one all, but one of them. And you know, that's part of the process of learning how to win.
Your offensive line. I know is somewhat banged up. You've been playing a couple of rookies. And yet I didn't give up a sack against San Francisco last week.
Cominzen is the leading rusher. Can you talk a little bit about that area and what has brought that together? Why they're playing so well?
Well, I think, you know, we've got we've got some good players here in the offensive line. All be it as you suggested a couple of merenged right now.
But they have embraced our philosophy in the way we've gone about things. And of course Hudson Hawk is our offensive line coach. And I think he can make an argument that he's as good as there is in football and
their ability to work every day and improve the techniques and fundamentals of what they're trying to get a conscious, I think, really is unable to even overcome some of the, not some of the injuries that we've sustained.
And Drew Brees, he's, he's grown up this year too, hasn't he?
Well, he sure has. And I'll tell you the one thing about him that probably is his strongest quality, Hank is, he's got a very short memory. I mean, when something goes bad, he doesn't dwell on it.
He's not caught up in you. What about this about he just goes on to the very next play and that personality, I think carries all over to the offensive side of the ball for sure. And, you know, he just has this excellent ability to not be distracted by things that are past defensively.
You have four pro bowlers on the club or they've had four pro bowlers last year. And when you add Donnie Edwards, the guy you had in Kansas City, it looks like he's having a pro bowl year now too.
Yeah, he's having a great year. You know, he's quite a playmaker. He's got very, very good speed. He's a lot, he's a lot like that.
No one embodies the holiday spirit better than Gordon Lightfoot. Really? You bet. And now Gordon Lightfoot takes his best known song, The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald, and give wraps it around your favorite carols to create his new holiday album, Gordon Lightfoot sings Christmas.
Yes, Gordon Lightfoot is coming to town with a sleigh load of songs like this.
The first day of Christmas might be the day of the holiday in the past.
It's Gordon Lightfoot sings Christmas and you'll want to beat him like a drum when you hear his rendition of The Little Drummer Boy.
Who come they told me, Per-A-Boot-O-Bow, by the boy King T'Z-Per-A-Boot-O-Bow,
Gordon Lightfoot has compiled the holiday music collection. You'll wish it would sing to the bottom of Lake Superior.
Your friends and family will pray for a silent night when you put on Gordon Lightfoot sings Christmas.
Hey Gordon, how's it going A? 1033 at 560 W.Q.M. Here's a lady in Weston. Hello.
Hi Neil, good morning.
Our first lady of the day.
Yeah, first I have a funny story for you.
I was thinking about this yesterday.
I started listening to you in like 1991.
And the first time I turned you on, you were saying the day
of my daughter's wedding.
And this is before I ever saw the dad's father.
She had that Neil was gay.
I didn't know he had a daughter.
Oh, I got four daughters.
And I wanted to read a quote to you.
For us, you're no voice.
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders.
That is easy.
All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked
and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism
and exposing the country to danger.
Sounds familiar.
Yeah, doesn't it?
Would that Donald Rubb's felt or?
Hermon Gary.
Same person.
Never see him together?
Yeah.
It sounds very familiar in this day and age.
Scary, isn't it?
It's very scary.
Yeah.
So what do you think?
Did you listen to the beast yesterday or not?
No, I didn't.
I was up in Port St. Lucie at my mommy's.
Oh, there you go.
See, most people were a busy.
Well, yeah.
It's a holiday.
And I've always liked him when he's been on with George.
Yeah.
Because he's kind of animated.
I like George, but the beast kind of
has a little more energy.
So even what you're trying to say, George, is coma inducing?
Yeah.
You know, it's the monotone that kind of mumbles a lot.
That faux anger in his place.
Yeah.
I guess.
I'll try to put you up a little bit.
Yeah, we'll try.
How about some silent fart since it's the season?
You got it.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
You too.
See, there's a nice lady.
How do you like that Carlos?
You have a little faith, punk?
Surprise.
Oh, the beast had a whole bunch of munchies.
I always hear that no matter who's feeling it.
And we can have my little dog, Tiny,
could do the show.
Boy, Tiny, you sure had a lot of calls for me today.
I don't know what that's all about.
151 votes on the pool.
Which of these best describes President George W. Bush?
Dangerous 48.
That was my vote.
Great leader 44, 29%.
Great leader.
Moron 23.
OK, 15.
OK.
Yeah.
Mediocre 11, idiot 10.
Ha, ha, ha.
He's not doing great.
Let's put it that way.
Not with this crowd.
Here's another lady in Aventura shocking.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I really enjoy your articles.
You are a very good team man to be reading in this day and age.
Yeah.
But you notice I'm out of town.
I'm a long ways away.
That's true.
But you still got a lot of guts, I think.
But if that article by Miller, that was stunning.
That was chilling.
He wrote a book about this?
No, we're trying to clear it.
I feel article about where Bush is not an idiot.
He's a sociopath.
Oh, yeah.
What can I do with that?
You want to name it a book, no doubt.
Please.
The name of the book is this lexicon observations
on a national disorder.
It's by Mark Crispin Miller, this lexicon.
OK, great.
And so far as George goes, I think he's getting marginally
better.
He does need to go to a voice school for sure.
Yeah.
Well, maybe if we could get him to do some doggy
uppers before the show or maybe.
Right.
OK, you have a good one.
You two, thanks.
Yeah, I think if we can get George's old drug dealer back,
or we can get maybe what's his name?
Moses?
Maybe Moses can bring in some good drugs.
What do you think?
You notice the silence?
I mentioned George and drugs in the same breath.
And all of a sudden there's this deadly silence.
You can almost smell it here.
I don't think that's possible.
Why are you also uptight?
I just don't freaking get it.
It's just a radio show.
That's all.
We're here to entertain the masses out there.
That's all.
It's just a radio show.
There I see.
That's not going to get George any more energy.
Doggy uppers won't give me any more energy.
Well, doggy uppers will.
Speed.
Some speed couldn't hurt.
Oh, speed.
Come on, Moses.
Get some good crappin' here.
OK, next time George does the show.
Heaven bouncing off the guy, damn walls would be good.
5, 6, 7, another lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, it's trying to be the first, but I just make it.
Well, you're close.
Yeah.
Well, close is always good for something.
Or if he's in quotes.
I think I wouldn't agree that George is coming and doing things.
I leap for the dial every time I hear him.
But...
No, wait a minute.
I leap for the dial to turn it off.
How do you mean it off?
I've never heard this.
He lies for the dial when he hears that voice.
Yeah, just, oh, no, not this again.
But I thought that he had all, he was the lady killer.
Everybody's always telling me he has a zillion women call.
Isn't that true?
McGell, you work with George during the summertime?
A lot of women call ya.
A lot of women call her.
He's killing all right.
I don't know who these women are, but what from if they like him?
Well, maybe they like that eating ass stuff.
I don't know.
Takes all kinds.
But what I would have called about was I didn't know whether or not she had a chance to just trivial stuff.
Game show network had a sort of online poll about the best game show all time.
Really?
But of course it had to be one of the ones that they show.
Right.
But happened to...
Chairman.
Well, I don't know where that came into.
I only saw the very last, which for some reason number one didn't get it,
they didn't get around to that till midnight.
Yeah.
But number two was Joker's Wild.
And number one turned out to be Match Game.
Yeah.
I think that's a pretty good assessment.
I mean, I like Match Game a lot, but a Joker's Wild was number two.
That's what it turned out to be, yeah.
And I was watching that thinking, you know,
boy, some of the questions they're asking, I'm thinking this is like third grade government studies.
You know, it was much easier to be on a game show back then, wasn't it?
Yes, sure was.
But anyway, that's basically all that.
But I tell you the one that's got the most ridiculously easy questions was...
Not when Luzidra.
What the hell is the one where they have the things that come up?
Things that come up.
The things that come up.
The little things that come up.
Oh, whammy?
Whammy.
There you go.
I see she knew what I was talking about.
The little whammy's that come up.
Oh, go.
Yeah, try to get whammy out of my mind because of that TV experience we had a couple of years ago.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's...
Okay, have a great day.
Thank you, too.
Thanks.
The things that come up.
Well, I couldn't remember whammy, okay?
Would you know from whammy?
The network.
No, that's seriously.
Who the hell knows from whammy?
That's a...
The question is, like, what they come after Monday?
Whammy!
Get out of the sucks.
Exactly.
I couldn't say better myself.
Whammy came along.
We're sports radio 560.
You a-a-a.
And since then, they've played awfully well.
Love coach 31st rate and...
Amazing.
Nobody's complaining this week.
That's great.
Well, I tell you, with Tennessee is not the team that they have been before.
They do have some injuries.
And they're all those type things.
But anytime you go to Knoxville and be the team like Tennessee, a great program,
that's a great win.
I'm very, very proud of where our coaches and team prepared last week.
All right, coach.
Well, let's you go back to whatever it was you were doing before you had to do this.
And hope you have a great week and a great game again next week against Pitt.
Well, I appreciate that, Hank.
And also, Hank, we had 7,000 people.
Of our people at the Tennessee game.
That's almost unheard of for my age to travel like that.
I love to see the orange bowl full on Friday, first of all.
Yeah, I was at UM Games when 7,000 people was a good crowd during those years.
You know, before Snowdenberg got there.
Well, that's exactly right.
But you better get your tickets for this one, because it's going to be a great day.
Yeah, sure will.
All right, coach.
I'll be out there.
I'm looking forward to it.
Thanks.
Thank you, Hank.
All right.
Larry Coker joins you on sports radio 560 QAM.
Oh my God.
No, you're kidding.
You're on mine.
You're on top of that.
I think that's what I'm watching you on television, Chris.
And I see you talking about, about rice being 40 years old.
And I could see the look on your face.
And as I watched it, I said to myself, you know what?
He's coming back.
I could just tell by the way that you talked about Jerry Rice.
I don't think that was a metal football and everything.
And Jerry has always been a motivation to watch and inspiration.
But if this situation hadn't presented to him, I wouldn't be playing football.
Well, I mean, the situation was there.
And when you and Danny were talking about it, I just had a sense that you were thinking that way.
Well, I didn't think everything as far as HBO would work out too.
So I didn't even open my mind that to think it was possible.
Because I didn't want to be let down.
Yeah.
And then the ones, as you know, because I know you talked to Ross Greenberg.
Yes, I did.
And then he really was supportive.
It really caught me off guard.
Are you glad now that you did it?
Oh, I'm definitely glad I did it.
I mean, it was the right thing to do.
And you know, when I look back on it, you know, down the road, five, six years from now, I won't have regretted not attempting to do it.
Let me explain the conversation with Ross.
Because I know Ross pretty well.
And I basically just called out of curiosity to see if there was anything to keep you from playing.
And, you know, I just indicated to him that there was a possibility.
And he said to me, I don't know what's in his head, you know, but we wouldn't stop him.
And that was that.
So I guess he was somewhat had a heads up on the possibility of the whole thing coming up.
But I'm sure they were great to you.
I mean, they really were.
And that was huge.
And even, you know, before the Dolphin or Ross, what they wanted.
Because initially when they called, you know, I told them no, because I hadn't talked to HBO.
And I really didn't think I was going to play again.
But if you look back at Freight and see if the team I wanted to go to and it was a great opportunity.
So I had to try to take advantage of it.
Now that you've had a week of real practice, do you feel like you're right back into it?
Or is your head swimming a little bit despite the fact that, you know, you've been around the game so long?
Well, it's definitely a benefit.
You got a lot of muscle memory from things that have been in the past, there's some carryover in the offense, what we did in Minnesota.
You know, we're trying to cram or spend an extra time physically and mentally, you know, of course I'm behind.
But I do feel like I'm back in the football mode or the football mentality.
How about your first game Monday night in Green Bay?
I would guess that suits you.
Can't get, baby.
Siren Park.
Deadly Park.
You can tear your nose apart.
You can't hear it, but you can tell me.
Someone did it by that awful smell.
What the hell did you eat?
It smells just like rock meat.
Silent Park.
Deadly Park.
I cut one at Cape Art.
I watched a woman's head swim all around.
She was wearing a terrible wound.
I walked right out of that place, with a big smile on my face.
Siren Park.
Deadly Park.
You can hear it, but it's quiet in art.
That one girl, but don't look back at it.
It's a victims of your gas attack.
If you're in church when you do, you'll have to stay in your care.
In the morning, my friend, it's been a year since I've been here.
I want to know who cut the cheese.
1046 at 560 WDQA.
I'm happy Friday, happy Chanukah, etc.
Whatever else.
Whatever you're doing, have a good time doing it.
What do we got on that pool there?
151 votes?
164, like I said.
And we asked, which of these best describes President George W. Bush?
Dangerous 53.
Great leader 45.
27.5%.
Moron 25.
Okay, 15.
Idiot 14 and mediocre 12.
Not a ringing endorsement from the New Rogers audience.
Would you say?
No.
Here's a lady in Laxahatchi.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you doing today?
Great.
Cold weather makes me happy too.
Yesterday I listened to the Beast Show.
And?
And at first I was listening and I thought it was George.
I said to my husband, is that George on the radio today?
You can know us the Beast.
I think I like the Beast better.
George is too monotone and he turns on and on.
And it's only some anal subject or some weird perverted thing.
Welcome.
Yeah.
Exactly.
So my vote for the Beast.
Okay.
Thanks.
Have a good day.
You too, bye bye.
George ain't doing too well so far.
Do you think we ought to put this stuff on a website?
We're going to have to.
I think we got to.
Let's change the pool.
Okay.
I think we already got to drip to people I like George W.
You think he's more on.
So I think we better change the pool.
Because this is a very important one.
It stays up the whole weekend.
We can ruin George's weekend or the Beast.
How do we want to word this?
You think Eric and Handel is now Carlos?
Can he handle it?
Yes, he can handle it.
Oh.
Did you folks hear that?
That was like saying.
That was like saying will he handle it?
In other words, can he handle it?
Yes, will he handle it?
Oh, you're brutal.
Eric, I'd be real nervous if I were you, sweetheart.
If ever I saw it like a vulture in the wings just waiting to pounce in there.
Can we just do this without all of this friction?
I mean, it's holiday time.
Yeah, just like that a little bit.
Maybe that's why the Beast didn't rip Mo and ass, huh?
Maybe it was because of the holiday.
No.
Probably just because he's a pussy.
He didn't have to rip him and ass.
All he had to do was just tell the story.
Okay.
Just tell it the way it was.
Still can't do it.
Okay, here's the new poll.
Ready?
Go for it.
Who would you rather have?
Fill in for Neil during the summers.
Okay.
And we're not going to put anybody on there with cost a lot of money like Rick and says we've done those before.
We've done those a million times.
Beast,
George
or Best of Neal tapes.
See, and one thing I'll tell you about this.
I only heard a few minutes of the beast show yesterday because I have much better things to do on my day off.
Really?
Yeah, like sleep, anything.
But the fact is that no matter what it was, it was better than those awful tapes.
Those tape, but that's just my opinion.
Here's the new poll.
Eric, who would you rather have fill in for Neil during the summers?
Beast,
George, or Best of Neal tapes.
Is there anybody I'm leaving out?
You know, a pilot doesn't put any of those Best of Neals together yet.
Yeah.
And also, let's put Joe Castello on there.
What do you say?
Yeah, he's thought it was before.
Joe Castello.
Put him on there.
All right, he's just not the same anymore.
Since this wedding got a reign, the wedding date keeps drawing nearer and nearer.
He's just not the same guy.
Am I the only one that has picked up on that or not?
It seems the same to me.
No.
Now, he's kind of surly now.
He's a little bit just not the same, not the same old Joe.
Who would you rather have fill in for Neil during the summers?
Beast, George, Best of Neal tapes, or Joe Castello?
Excellent.
So we had the bush thing.
What's the final total on there before Eric has sweeps it away?
175 votes.
See, even we get a pretty weak total on there today after an hour and a half.
We'd ordinarily, by this time, I would least 300 votes.
There's nobody out there.
Don't you understand?
They're all shopping.
They're all out of town around vacation.
It's a long holiday weekend.
So what do you expect from the beast, Carlos?
Right.
Come in this morning, said Carlos, the Carlos says to me,
you see the crappy Arizona, the poor, my God.
Or something like that.
Wasn't something like that?
I said it was a little bit more bentome.
You said it was weak.
You said it was really weak.
Who the hell would have been listening with a number like that?
175 votes, which of these best described president George W. Bush, dangerous 59,
great leader 46, 26.2%.
Moron for a 28.
Okay, 16, idiot 14, mediocre 12.
I think we ran a whole gamut there.
I mean, you know, there are more negative ones and positive ones, but even so,
I mean, there was, there was something there for everybody.
And he didn't do too well.
So we'll do the George and the Beast thing,
and we'll continue taking the comments and let you let you rip them an ass.
Or say nice things about them.
It's the holidays.
Say something nice about George.
Did George had one positive call yet?
No, not yet, actually.
Oh, I think Greg is behind this.
I think he's, I think Greg and Mo are conspiring.
Well, that's all of Beast's friends calling up now.
You think that was his sister earlier?
Oh, Fred, I was going to say probably well as I didn't know he had any friends.
Maybe some of those hurricane crowd, huh?
Maybe some of that crowd, bunch of losers.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from Coral Springs, hello.
Coral Springs.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
If I could vote, I don't, I didn't go on in that, but I would throw up a dangerous and moron for Mr. Bush.
Both of the above, okay.
Both of the above.
I don't know if you remember the movie.
I think it was called a president with Robert Redford when he was elected president.
Sure.
And as soon as they closed the door, says, what do I do now?
It wasn't called a president, but the name of the movie will come to me.
Yeah, I think it was called a president.
I'm not sure.
But I just want to say, they're trying to elevate this guy.
We're going to make him the second greatest president right behind Ronald.
Ronald Reagan.
They made him number one great president and the guy slept during the last four years of his presidency.
He had all time and his wife ran the country.
So I mean, that's about all I have to say, but I know this guy that making him a great man and he bought from it.
Amen.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
The Robert Redford movie, I've got my movie book out and it's not in here.
I mean, it's in here somewhere, but I'm, they have a thing in the back where you just look up the actor actress.
And evidently, they didn't feel that movie was important enough.
I know the one he's talking about.
Oh, the president.
No, I think it was called the candidate.
All the presidents, man, it was about an election.
What is wrong with you, man?
God, if it isn't about Castro, Miguel has no idea what it's all about.
That's true.
What am I looking for, the candidate?
Candyman, the candidate.
Yeah, it's there.
Richard Harris.
Wait a minute.
Oh, yeah.
They're follow up to downhill racer, the candidate, where the guy elected me.
They say to him, oh, what do we do now?
Because they didn't expect to win.
Only I don't think there's any comparison there because these people are way expected to win, but by hooker crook, they were going to win and they done it by hooker crook.
5 6 7 0 5 6.
Don't get me started on Al Gore again.
Okay.
Gore rhymes with board terminal.
You think George is a member.
You think he's cold and do so.
At least he ain't running for president.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
A birthday today, 33-year-old fact as of today.
All right.
Let me get that thing cranked up for you.
Hanukkah and birthday and all kinds of other goods.
So, what are you guys saying?
There you go.
Hey, I listened to the beast yesterday.
I had to work.
How do you do?
I think you did a good job.
Give him some more time on the air to develop.
He did a good job because I understand it's his first time in everything.
But give him a few more shots.
Do you mean like during the summertime?
Yeah, but him.
How about the beast and the beast and the sud show?
How about the beast and George show?
How about to two them together?
I hate that.
It would be good.
I got to go.
This piece of bell cell phone is crapping out.
Okay, see you.
You said his phone is a piece of crap and it's bell sound.
That's like redundant.
Bell sounds sucks.
Don't forget that.
Okay, we don't care what Spiro can says.
We don't care even what Spiro Anus says.
Bell sounds sucks.
Everybody knows that.
Don't forget Spiky little George.
You can go there tomorrow and of course to his face.
You'll say, oh, that beast he couldn't compare to you, George.
To his face, you'll suck up.
Okay, that's where you are.
You know, that's just human nature.
And then behind his back as soon as you walk out, you'll say,
boy, he sure a little punts, ain't he?
That's just the way people are.
Like when I used to do all those dumb appearances,
boy, he sure is fat and ugly.
And he just know they're saying that on the way out, right?
You hear him saying it on the way out.
You hear him saying it on the way in.
Oh, there's that fat ol' ugly fag kneel or sitting back there all by himself.
Trying to eat his lunch and be left alone.
He's not doing anything.
He's just sitting there.
The best of all though was that dolphin game.
That was the best.
Guy brings over his wife, of course, fat rich.
And I used to get there way before the game to avoid all the, you know, the traffic.
And we're sitting there.
He used to bring these sub-sandwiches along.
And we're sitting there stuffing our face.
And the guy brings his wife over.
I was very nice to work with him.
How you doing? Nice to see you.
We had a little chat for about a minute or two.
You know, whatever.
What does that, I don't know.
That long, huh?
That long.
About 30 seconds.
And then next thing, you know, he calls me on the air or roads rights.
I forget what it was many years ago.
Oh, gee, I brought my wife over to meet you and you just sat there.
And I looked like I was supposed to do a radio show for them.
What are you, some kind of a moron?
You know you're an entertainer.
Some kind of, yeah, I'm supposed to be an entertainer while I'm going to see an involved.
What are you more hours of the day game?
Screw them.
F them.
Join George tomorrow.
11 of Bill Sattles, Bill of Art of Savings, Northwest 36, we just went to 27th Avenue.
Stop by to win some marginal prizes.
Enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs where I were in the bread, make the difference.
And get there early because otherwise those grave robbers and Bill Sattles eat all the free food.
I'm not a moron.
This is sports winning a bicycle.
You way up.
It's time to get it on.
Go ahead, son.
You're the president now.
Come on, come on, let's keep on.
My favorite song.
Oh, first day you Christmas.
My dad gave to me an American presidency.
On the third day you Christmas.
What about it?
One gosh darn busy long.
You're not counting the days right.
It's my understanding that there are 12 days of Christmas and you have counted only the second day which has every right to be there.
So what?
I'm George Bush, right?
I suggest that you recount from the top.
Follow along with me.
Okay.
On the 12th day of Christmas, which Godly gave to me, 11 electoral votes.
On the 10th day of Christmas.
Now you skipped 11.
You said 11.
Now that was only a proposition to a numerical phrase.
Now start again.
Um, on the fifth day Christmas.
That gave to me something.
That's it.
You can have them America.
I'm out of here.
Now what was your problem?
11.03 at 5.60 WTQAM.
That's George W.
23 votes on the new poll.
The new poll is up.
Life and death.
Who would you rather have filled them for the older in the summer?
The beast.
Now this is the first time we've ever done this poll and put the beast on there.
Am I right?
That's correct.
That is correct.
Because we've done a thing about it.
Of course, it's like just about the first of December.
So the timing of this is a little bit unusual.
But since the beast was on just yesterday, it's like fresh in your mind, right?
Okay.
You know what they say?
Out of sight out of mind.
So now the thing is hot.
It's about its lukewarm.
23 votes.
Who would you rather have filled them for the older in the summer?
The beast is leading with eight.
Best in the old tape seven.
Let's just change it again.
I bet you'll have like a 27.
Oh, George just leaked into the elite nine.
The beast eight.
Best in the old tape seven.
Jill Castello three.
It's going to be a battle.
I can see that right now.
Can't you smell it?
The other guy.
Who would you see?
Out of sight out of mind.
It's going to be nip.
Well, what makes you say that?
Well, Joey hasn't been on the show in a long time.
Maybe they don't like Joe's show.
Maybe they don't like the dirty boys.
Well, this just in.
More than a year before the New Hampshire presidential primary election to pull among the state's
Democrats shows.
Al Gore leading other possible presidential candidates.
Oh, it's speaking of that.
Oh.
What thought was that watching the other night?
Oh, it was filled on a hue.
And they had on, they were talking about the Catholic church scandal.
And the victims, all of them were saying,
the victims and their families were still being treated like crap.
And all they did was put on a dog and pony show.
And they had that William Donahue from the Catholic League.
Who I thought they were going to have to like bring out a rabie shot for him,
foaming at the mouth, foaming at the mouth.
So anyway, right after that was Chris Matthews and softball.
And before I could turn the dial, this had been taped like a couple of days earlier at the,
what does that school?
University of Albany in New York.
You know where to find Albany on a map, Miguel?
Yes.
They call it the capital over there.
Very good.
So anyway, University of Albany, there was like all these college students.
And the guest was Hillary.
And I'm going to tell you when she came in, you would have thought that the,
that Jesus himself in sandals with a million dollars in cash for each student had just come marching in.
I couldn't believe it.
And they were just all whipped up about her.
And then every, every issue that Chris Matthews brought up.
And he was, he was giving it to about a couple of things pretty good,
even though I can't stand him.
But every issue they brought up, or most of them, they were booing like crazy.
Then they headed disturbance.
They had a bunch of protesters come in, they were chanting,
take your war, or they go to hell and stick it up your ass or whatever.
And Chris Matthews handled it very badly.
But they, to their credit, they left it on her, was on tape.
I kept asking myself if they disagree with her on any issues.
And she's obviously the ice princess, a miserable bitch.
What are they cheering so much?
What is it that they see in her?
Can anybody answer that question?
No.
The American Research Group found that 25% of the 600 pool participants in New Hampshire
said they were likely voters in the 2004 Democratic primary.
And they prefer the former vice president, followed by 11% for swillery,
10% for Massachusetts Senator John Kerry.
Nearly half of those pool said they don't have a preference yet.
Other potential candidates were in single digits.
Dick Gebhardt had 4% for Dick.
Vermont Governor Howard Dean had 2%.
Senators Tom Dachel and Julie were many, each had 1%.
Oi!
North Carolina Senators John Edwards, Senator John Edwards,
Al Sharpton and Wesley Clark had 0%.
Kind of like D-Fo's numbers.
But you wait till I get that big signal on there, man.
That's 50,000 watts.
And Jim Asarney says, the real savvy sportslisters, man,
have got 8.50 punts done on their dial.
The savvy sports crowd.
What a...
Oh, God.
What is wrong with this town, huh?
What is wrong with this country?
Savvy sportslisters.
Yeah, let's have 400 sports channels,
so we can all be talking about the same ballgame
and dissect it 400 different ways.
And it's going to be kind of tough,
because when you got only 100 sports nerd callers,
split up among 400 channels, they're going to be short calls, I guess, huh?
A lot of short calls.
Well, my name is Lace.
My name is Lace. Hello.
Hey, how are you doing, Neo?
Pretty great.
Okay, I'll listen to the beast yesterday.
And he said that the reason he didn't go into the mohauer thing was
because he doesn't make any money for the station.
He's not like your hand, who can't...
Since you make so much money for the station,
you can say and do whatever you want.
Yeah.
And he says, he's like, frankly,
spontaneously sees more potatoes.
Yeah.
He can't get into that.
I got news for it.
He's big potatoes, fat potatoes.
Yeah, and he said that he got all the balance for life thing.
Yeah, he did. He lost about 60 pounds.
And he said he has regained some pounds now,
but I don't know why he got all of it.
Because they stopped bringing in the free food.
That's why I got off of it.
Oh, I see.
I see so small potatoes he can't afford it, I see.
Okay, thanks for the bulletin.
Hey, no problem, Sam.
Have a good day.
Have a happy.
51 votes.
Who would you rather have Philan for kneel during the summers?
We got a battle going on here, man.
Two thin nail.
George 18, the beast 14, best of the ill tapes.
13, and Joe Castello's second win with six.
I don't think they like Joe, you know?
I mean, not personal, but they just don't like him on the air.
Maybe it's a NASCAR effect.
That couldn't be part of it, or maybe just, maybe just too much of that silly,
that kind of like high school locker room thing, you know?
Oh, that's good.
That would be, right?
Huh?
There's none of that with beast, right?
Am I was beast doing a sexual yesterday?
I absolutely don't.
I would have known.
Well, what do you mean you wouldn't know?
You weren't listening yesterday?
Hell no.
What the hell's wrong with you, man?
Where's your loyalty?
Ah.
What were you doing chasing Dorena around?
5670560.
I bet you she put in a full day off the Thanksgiving dinner table.
Guaranteed.
I bet you not one bird was left untouched.
Not one morsel.
Not one scrap.
Let's take a call from Middly.
Hello?
Middly.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Happy Thanksgiving, by the way.
And back to you.
You know the Central Air Command in Florida?
The one that controls all the nuclear sites?
In Tampa?
Yeah, that one.
Yeah.
You know that they moved.
The Americans moved it somewhere around Saudi Arabia like in the Middle East.
Right, that's right.
Doesn't that mean that we're waiting to get wiped out?
So then we'll still have a chance to be able to launch our weapons against our foes?
Or maybe they just didn't like Tampa, that could be part of it.
I don't know, that kind of scares me.
I mean, wouldn't you get a lot of Tampa if you had a chance?
Well, I mean if we're the most powerful country in the world,
why would we want to move our nuclear sites or nuclear operations site out of the country?
Excellent question.
I'll ask a county Frank's when I see him.
5.6.7 or maybe OS Barney Frank.
5.6.7.05.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon line on a great Friday.
And let me just tell you the good news right now.
I'm looking at the schedule.
Jim Man is at one.
All right.
Hank Goldberg at three.
Hey, stop it.
And a full four hours for the Humper today, see?
For Cardi Deib wants that show 5.30 to 6.30, Hank, the full four hours,
even the day after Thanksgiving.
Why, can you imagine how much the Humper put away yesterday?
Wow.
Every time I come back to town, he always says,
oh yeah, I lost the answer to it.
Where, where, Hank?
I shouldn't be talking because I came back a few pounds.
Ever house felt I was when I came back there?
You're slim and trim compared to usual anyway.
And I must confess that down there, I just, I don't know, not good.
Not good and up here hasn't been all that good.
But never listen to your business.
Seven o'clock, I could lie to you.
I could say, boy, I'm down 156 pounds.
I'm looking beautiful.
Do I sound a lot thinner?
You sound pretty skinny to me.
Seven o'clock, who does college football preview with Clarence Deiro,
Josie, and Don Bailey, Jr.
Ten o'clock, it's Eddie Kay from GA, and ESPN Radio overnight tonight.
Know what's that?
Oh, that's right. They don't work Friday nights.
Right.
Jos is taking it personally, he's insulted the audiences,
and not giving him too many votes and filling them next summer.
Jos is taking it really personal.
This is business, and this man is taking it personal.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, the activity James Conn was so good in that movie, you know what?
Do you know which movie I'm talking about Carlos?
Godfather.
Rollerball.
What was the movie with the canty bates?
Oh, misery, misery.
Yeah, he was.
Which I think sums up our experience here to a tee.
Right and local.
We're sports radio five, six, eight, two, one.
You way, yeah.
Know that the Lord even loves neo-rodgers.
Oh, there's no cheese or lights for Hanukkah.
Go down the block of houses, our dark bus.
We are wishing we were Christian on.
This is the one that's left in Baratunjin.
For eight nights we light lights.
When it's meant to be committed to my soul.
We get to light is a manor, they don't mention Christmas in the Torah.
Our holiday is really such a porra.
Like the manor, oh, hey.
All we get to light is a manor, they don't mention Christmas in the Torah.
Our holiday is really such a porra.
Like the manor, oh, hey.
It's so hard for us to go shopping.
We don't know when Hanukkah is happening.
What is the date?
Are we too late?
You can almost hear them go.
Now, come on.
What are we supposed to do?
So you think it seems we get gifts when we only pay wholesale?
All we get to light is a manor, they don't mention Christmas in the Torah.
Our holiday is really such a porra.
Like the manor, oh, hey.
All we get to light is a manor, they don't mention Christmas in the Torah.
Our holiday is really such a porra.
Like the manor, oh, hey.
Did with Wade B. Lack be getting a two-game suspension?
Shane Korsen still nursing a groin injury?
Little pre-game excitement here on TSN.
You ready for that, Felicia?
The flyers at one o'clock, you ready?
No.
Five, six, seven, what?
It's that I can't wait.
You couldn't, yo, there's Alan McColley.
You know, Alan, who you have naked pictures of?
Alan Harold Ballard, the Billy Goat.
How is he still on this theme, huh?
Him in a jerky, jerky lumay.
But anyway, don't start that hockey stuff, man.
You're talking, you're a speaker of the wrong crowd.
You're speaking the wrong language.
We want a lot more football talk, football, football,
some Smash-Mouth football.
Pretty marginal effort by the papi yesterday, I thought.
Indeed, Troy, never woke up.
Never read a gun into it.
Here's a lady in Miami, hello.
Lady in Miami.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
And are you today?
Very good. How are you?
Pretty good.
I wanted to call and be the first positive caller for George.
Okay.
Because I think he's doing a pretty good job.
I mean, no one compares to you, but I think he's doing a pretty good job.
Well, he's taking the lead in the pool.
He seems to be pulling away.
Yeah, the only problem is he gets on one of his fetishes a little bit too long.
Yeah.
But he just, he just, once he sticks his tongue in here, he can't get it out.
Right.
Well, you have a wonderful day.
And you two have a great, that weekend.
Thank you, Neil.
Bye-bye.
So there you go.
Well, it looked kind of a qualified vote for George.
77 votes on the pool.
He took the facelift last week to scavenge.
Questionable.
So it was the BTS scavenge.
It's a great time to know his badly.
77 votes.
So far, who'd you rather hear if Phil and for Neil during the summertime?
Then the Eric, you know, this got this right on there, Carlos.
Yep. Call them.
He got it right up there.
You have little faith.
Sorry.
Was he crying when you called?
He's just got a little grin over there.
Was he crying when you called?
I couldn't hear the tears.
Yeah.
He did it so too happy.
I said he didn't sound too happy when his last time he ever talked to Eric and he sounded happy.
That's very true.
See, if he didn't have food in his mouth, he probably wouldn't be happy.
77 votes.
George's guy, 29.
The best of Neil tapes says 20 was 7, 12, 21, which is scandalous.
The beast is down to 19 and Joe Costello has eight.
The beast got off to a big start there, but it's kind of like falling back into pack.
As you'd expect with his size and growth, you know, like in a foot race,
can you envision the foot race between George and the beast from, say, where the cheer on the studio is to, like, out in the hallway?
The beast might take a quick one or two shuffle steps there in the beginning, you know.
But once you got to, like, the first door right there.
Yeah, but you'll block the hallway.
You'll block the hallway.
If you get that first step.
I think that's good.
When I get back, we're going to do that.
We're going to have a foot race in the hall from the sports, from the bullpen, all the way down to the Power 96 studio, the length of that hall.
George in the beast.
567-0560, pound 568-TNT in Verizon line.
I can see it now.
Here's cooking a creek.
Hello.
Hey, this is me.
That sounds like you.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
I listened to the beast yesterday.
I thought he was entertaining.
And I think he was very likable on the air, also.
I don't know him personally, but he seemed like a likable guy.
I think George is terminal personally.
That was my first comment.
I can see this audience as usual as in the holiday spirit.
Speaking of holiday spirit, my second thing I'd like to hear, shake hands with your uncle Max, by El Sherman.
If I can make a shameless request.
Where the hell am I going to find that?
I don't know.
You always have it though this time.
But we don't have it by...
You mean that one?
That one.
You'll have your own word.
And I have a great day.
Have your holidays.
Okay, thank you.
I thought there was going to be like a number three, but there wasn't.
I was it.
He wants.
I sell a line of jingles.
And I travel on the road.
And I have a line of instruments.
Just like Sally.
What a load.
Every day, a new routine.
Another song in bed.
Early in the morning, I mail Neil a bit again.
But when I get that writer's block, the word refuse to flow.
I take a trip to Hallondale.
Oh, life is really slow.
I drive into the publics.
And I find some parking rooms.
And they answer and the crutches.
Turn and holler.
Caca moong.
Shake hands with your uncle.
Max, my boy, and his, yes, sister, Cheryl.
And you remember, is the bell that served as old as girl.
And you remember the taste of the twins.
Gerald and Jerome.
We've all come here to greet you.
And to wish you welcome home.
Marrow is bearer.
Was animal, was animal, was animal, was bird, and Gerber, and stire and stoned.
Mosque is lubu.
Was arson, bearers, and priming, and firemen, and freemen, and pote.
Swallow is swallow.
Was title mom, leather mom, leather, and will vence you a vegan, will a vine.
Rumberger, slumber, gourmet, gerson, pickies, and stine with the eggs, dine with the whey.
Now here's your uncle, soud, my boy, with all the family poop.
And here's your cousin, Randy, with her goddamn chick, his soup.
Whenever you're on the road, my boy, come back and see us soon.
For I'll be here when you come back to wish you cacamur.
Oh!
That was 23, it's haven't heard that in a long time, you know what?
I never heard it.
You never heard that before?
First time.
That's the prestige of this guitar man.
But we sure miss him, don't we?
Yes, guitar man, good guy.
Controversial worship and astray from decisions announced late Friday or the day before holiday,
a time when media coverage is at its weakest by David Korn.
This court sure is special, ain't it?
Asking Henry Kissinger to investigate government malfeasance or non-feasance as a kind of who was seeking to asking,
slumbered on Milosevic to investigate war crimes.
Pretty damn s- uh, what is it?
I can't hardly read this.
Pretty damn akin since Kissinger has been accused with cause of engaging in war crimes of his own.
Morover has been a postage trial for the worst existence of secret government and secret warfare.
He had George W. Bush's name to him to head a supposedly independent commission to investigate the 9 Marish attacks of 9-11,
a commission intended to tell the public what went wrong on and before that day.
This is a sick, black is white, war is peace joke, a cruel insult to the memory of those killed on 9-11,
and he screw you a front to any American who believes the public deserves a full account of government actions or lack thereof.
It's as if Bush instructed his advisors to come up with the name of the person who literally would be the absolute worst choice for the post and once they had said, sign him up.
I got an even better or that's the end of that article by David Cormig.
I got a much better one.
The latest Kissinger outrage by Christopher Hitchens.
Once you get out of your kitchens, I might read that Christopher Hitchens or maybe not.
Maybe I'll save it.
We'll see if we have time because we're just flooded with call.
Aren't we flooded with call?
They're pouring it.
All eighties.
And two's?
Well, it's that day, man.
Don't expect like a whole bunch.
Like the beast says to me this morning during the time he was in New York, Dittling around.
See, the only reason he came in there was for me to say, great job, beast.
Nice going.
Get a check-in.
No, that's the head nothing to do with it.
He wanted me to affirm and I said it was okay.
What did I say to him?
I think he said it sucked.
I didn't say that I said he was a pussy for not doing the mode business.
That's what I said.
Yeah, that's true.
And while Clarence told me don't do this and Clarence, now Clarence butt out.
If you're going to stick your nose in and you're going to have me pick him to be on the show,
then let him do the show the way he wants to do it.
And don't be, we don't play that game on QAIM.
Oh, don't say this and don't do that and all this other crap.
We don't do that.
That's why people listen to this radio station.
They don't listen because it's a goddamn sports station.
You can have a bunch of trained monkeys like over there on Fox Sports talking about the same goddamn ball games.
They listen to the mad dog because they want to hear the mad dog.
They listen to the Humper because they don't have to hear the mad Humper.
That's why.
That's why they listen to this station.
Not because they're in, I mean nobody in the world even wants to pretend to be.
Nobody in their right mind is all that interested in sports minutia.
They listen for the personalities and you can't have a personality when you don't say this and don't do this.
And that'd be very nice.
Nobody in South Florida wants nice.
My life and loco.
This is Sports Radio 560.
The way you are.
Beyond God.
I heard there is no Christmas in the silly middle east.
No trees, no snow, no Santa Claus.
They have different religious beliefs.
They believe in Muhammad and not in our holiday.
And so every December I go to the Middle East and fly.
Hey there, Mr. Mublums.
Merry fucking Christmas.
But down that hook the Koran and hear some holiday wishes.
In case you haven't noticed, is Jesus as partite?
So get off your heath and muzzle a mappin' f***ing cell of rite.
There is no holiday season in India, I've heard.
They don't hang out their stockings and that is just absurd.
They never read a Christmas story.
They don't know what Rudolph is about.
And that is why in December I'll go to India and shine.
Hey there, Mr. Hindu.
Merry fucking Christmas.
Drink eggnog and eat some beef and pass it to the ocean.
In case you haven't noticed, is Jesus as partite?
So get off your heath and hendu a** and sell a rite.
Now I heard that in Japan everyone just lives in sin.
They pray to several gods and put needles in their skin.
On December 25th all they do is eat a cake.
And that is why go to Japan and walk around and cry.
Hi there Mr. Shintoest, very f***ing Christmas.
God is gonna kick your ass you infidelic-tagin' scum.
In case you haven't noticed, there's best of things to do.
So let's all rejoice for Jesus' merit.
F***ing Christmas you.
On Christmas Day, I travel around the world and say,
Now it's Christmas bonus and all you A.F.S. too.
Merry fucking Christmas.
Till yeah.
I just had Steve Spreas on it with an nasty look on his poached man and I can't stand him.
You know what a drooling idiot.
I'd like to see him and fill Graham next to each other.
101 votes.
Who would you rather have Philan for kneel during the summer months?
George 36, he's pulling away.
F***ing Neil tapes 26.
The beast is about to a big start here but just couldn't hang on to it.
He's got 20.
And Joe Costello's moving up there with 19.
Pulling up the rear.
You know I would have had, I appreciate somebody f***ing me this bob.
Thank you very much, Bob, for f***ing me.
excerpts from Marine Dowd's column in the time yesterday.
We said, What a head of the whole column.
Because that's what I came in here for yesterday morning.
But as I was sitting here perusing and beginning my morning rounds of the various newspapers
and the columns, etc.
I never got around to the times in Marine Dowd because somebody was going,
Neil, Neil, are you there?
Neil, if you're there enough.
Who was that?
That was you, asshole.
I still just can't get over that.
Why would you expect me to be sitting here?
And it was once in a billion chance that I just by coincidence happened to pop the thing up.
And you're Neil, Neil, like there was an emergency, like the beast just had a stroke in the chair or something.
Stu, what was that?
What was the point in that?
Die, die.
Yeah.
What did you need me for?
It was a day off.
Leave me alone.
Leave it.
It's like, and I put it in the same category with PD Lenny calling me on my cell phone here.
Oh, I'm really sorry.
I put you in that same category.
Like, why are you bugging me on a day off?
Why is he calling me here?
I don't want to hear from him.
I don't want to hear his yent a cramp.
That's one thing the audience should know, by the way, that next to PD Lenny, the beast is the biggest yent in the building.
Goes from room to room, just like a bee pollinating the flowers.
From room to room pollinating here, little gossip over here, little gossip over there.
But once he's on the air, like, hmm, like that, you know.
I'm not permitted to say this.
See, I don't think I blame clearance for that.
You just wait.
And he's probably not even there today.
Is he clearance?
There's nobody here today.
No, there's nobody there.
My final wasn't going to be there, but he might deserve it.
You know, he's got to hear his brains out, but he's got left.
And I probably shouldn't tell you on the air, but those updates, Paris, was doing on the Mosho this morning, the sports updates.
Those were on tape.
Came in last night, taped them, went home and hit the sack.
Alone.
You ready for that?
The sports updates were on tape.
That's the kind of skeleton crew we got today.
So hang on to that thing I gave you for clearance, by the way.
No problem.
Very important, okay?
You know, I'm important.
Anyway, Tony France, I thought as the guy was talking before, the new base is not in Saudi Arabia.
It's in gutter.
And Rohingya Dowd makes mention of that.
She said, General Tony France has already spent a fortune setting up the...
It's the new command and control base.
They moved it from Tampa to gutter because the Saudis are still delivering about letting us use their old bases in their country.
It says...
It says the administration itself, the Saudis, be evasive with the Chinese Stoon Wall and Congressional Investigators,
Prince Van Dowr is so close to the Bushes and oil dynasty that they nicknamed him the Van de Bush.
Our good buddies, the Saudis, they're in bed with the Bushes, baby.
Just like in Godfather, when he says, I never know Godfather.
Oh yeah, him and his father and I went in the olive oil business together.
That's what Bush says.
He says, oh yeah, my father and the prince were in the oil business together.
Same thing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Leafs and a flyers one o'clock in Philadelphia.
Oh!
Big game, baby.
Can't you smell the excitement about it from all the way from down there?
Here's the lady in Miami. Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Happy holidays.
And same to you.
I was just gonna say that even though I like the beast, I think he'll be great filling in for you once in a while.
Maybe together with George with a good idea.
George is good.
I like him. He's smart.
He's very...
He can be witty, but just lay off all the sex stuff.
Thank you much, much better.
Who's eating ass?
Right. He just talks.
Have you noticed the one thing in common when we put some of these young guys on there?
When you put George or Joe or the...
I don't know about the beast because I guess he didn't talk about sex yesterday.
No.
But generally speaking, when we put these younger guys on, they think that everybody in the audience wants to hear about it.
And I think that the people that talk about it the most are getting the least.
Absolutely. And that's why.
And just saying that...
And I think a lot of it has to do with what you just said.
They just aren't getting enough.
And they hope it may be something...
All the way all the way in Joe's case, I don't know what history is because he's been living with his girlfriend for months and months.
And again, married next month.
So unless...
Maybe he's getting ready for that for the day she cuts them off.
Yeah, I think it's only once a month after that.
Yeah.
Or something like that.
But no, I have to schedule ahead of time.
Get those boys telling them to go play with themselves for a little bit before they could come on the air.
And maybe it'll be off of their minds.
Okay, good idea.
But I think both of them together, you know, Neil, that was a great idea.
That's good.
Yeah, the beast and George, that's not bad.
That could work and maybe the beast can keep George straight, you know, not getting off the sex subject.
So to speak.
Okay, thanks. Have a great weekend.
Have a good holiday.
Bye-bye.
Chuckies about the prior over there.
Have the key.
What do we have to do with those jerk?
What's that?
What are we going to do with me?
Don't we have to guess Mike over there?
Okay.
They could both be in that studio and you're still going to be there.
You're not going to get screwed out any hours.
Well, you are so insecure.
I can't imagine anybody a QA out of being insecure.
It's catchy.
Yeah.
We're not talking about shoving you out.
Of course, Eric probably would like that because you're muscling it on his territory.
Maybe you won't have to worry about running the board in the summer because maybe you'll be full-time taking care of our website.
Oh, sorry, Eric.
I can hear him crying all the way up here again.
Eric, we love you.
Okay, you're a nice guy.
We like you and you're okay.
I mean, you're fair.
You're weak, but he means well, but he's a busy guy now.
And he just doesn't have the heart to say to us, you know, I got all these real money-making websites that I'm taking care of.
Doesn't it?
Doesn't it?
I don't have time to be dealing with your, okay, great.
No problem.
We don't take it personal.
We're not going to take away your play.
So, are we appreciate the fact you're part of the show and you like the show, Eric?
We love that.
But Carlos is going home, man.
He's ready to like, you know, give you whatever assistance you need.
Yep.
And I'm going to tell you if those links are on there by sometime this weekend,
come Monday, I'm going to be a wild man here.
I'm just telling you that right now.
Because I'm going to tell you something that rhymes with links, describes our current state of our website.
Stinks, it blows.
It's an embarrassment to me.
In the beginning, it was great.
It was like, you know, it was cutting edge.
And that's five years ago, four years, whatever the hell it is.
But now you look at everybody else's website and it's obvious that life is passing us by.
We're standing still.
Thought of what I'm saying?
Yeah.
What do you think?
Let's get some stuff on here.
Let's get some new news on there.
Not stuff from two, three years ago that everybody knows who doesn't care about anymore.
Let's get some new stuff on there, huh?
God!
56670560.
Now see all the women we've had called it, they give little faith.
Very surprised.
And a lot of very nice women today, huh?
And they're nice to everybody's nice today.
It's the holidays, okay?
Everybody's in a good mood.
They're nice except the George.
Well, they don't want to be nice to George.
I'm going to see that's where you go wrong again.
I'm not going to ask a question and have everybody call it an insugar coated.
Oh, well, you know, this one is so nice and that one's so nice too.
And I don't really want to have to choose.
Well, what the hell is that?
I'll tell you what it is.
It's boring.
It's boring.
Just like somebody we, I don't want to mention any names.
Somebody we all know and love.
Well, Cable and Rake me.
Yeah, that one.
When he first came on the air like he had no clue what he was getting into.
Oh, gee, if you can't say anything nice about somebody under that old trite crap.
Don't say anything at all.
And now, of course, that only is the rip and me and ask, which is fine.
That's great.
But everybody else he can get his hand.
And what's wrong with that?
Nobody wants to hear everybody sitting around looking everybody else's ass.
And it seems to me that we found the one chink in George's armor.
If he just get his tongue out and let me ask you guys this.
If you go back to what I said before about the guys who talk about sex the most of the guys who are getting least.
One's the last time you think he got laid at home.
He being which one?
George.
How old is his baby?
My, my, and loopholes.
This is 43560.
Way to way.
Try the U.S.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now, but no matter when it happens,
it will seem too soon to you.
So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle in, that you thank God for your family,
because someday there'll be death.
Or...
...Dead, dead, dead.
Someday there'll be death.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Who knows how many Christmas is left in their short night?
Nobody knows, that's my point. Enjoy the world you can.
And so on Christmas morning let good tidings through your head.
What a festive season.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Everyone you know, dead.
I'll bury Merry Christmas to you.
Dead, dead, dead.
Merry Christmas everybody!
Little, uh, something, uh, little uplifting thing to diddy.
1147 at 560 WDQAM.
130 votes on the poll. The beast has fallen last place.
Who would you rather have for Lynn for kneel during the summer?
George 41, Best in Neal Tave's 35, Joe Costello 29,
and the beast is holding up the ass end with 25.
Now talking about guys with no balls, these two factors, by the way, are great,
especially this last one which I'll get to.
Why can't you just come on here and say thanks to Tony's, thanks to Brad over Tony's for the pizza.
Thanks Brad for the pizza.
No, why do you have to fax me and have me say it?
I'm not going to thank anybody for the pizza, I don't have any.
What doesn't mean much coming from me?
Well sure it does because you're the one that's eating it.
Nobody cares about it.
And Carl and Carl Oson there, he's probably eating it because there ain't no chocolate on it.
No, the wheel is great too.
And the wheel he said, try the wheel, it's the best in the city Miguel.
Where do you tell that to Eric on the phone?
I think he told Eric that.
The wheel?
Yes, it's been the wheel.
Yeah, Miguel knows about the wheel.
Oh yeah.
Of all the appearances in the history of my life and believe me, there's some real clunkers in there.
But the one at the Seminole Indians band had to be the award winner.
The median agent there was Death Plus 20.
Death Plus 20.
They were the grandparents of the people in Hallendale.
Hey, can I spin the wheel?
What can I been over here?
Let me spin the wheel.
I can't.
I didn't get it.
Let me spin it again.
Anyun.
Wow.
Unbelievable.
They had no idea who I was.
That was probably just as well.
Anyway, here's a couple of facts.
Let's start with this one.
It says it's man versus boys comparing George to the beast.
As a canes cheerly, the beast is just fine, even as a villain every so often underlined with several underlinings.
But as you replacement for the summer, he's just too bland.
George, the little spick that he is, is somewhat interesting with all his hang-ups and fetishes.
And he even solicits passion, be it hatred or whatever, from your audience with his anti-Semitism,
and hatred for homeless people, George is the obvious choice.
And so far in a police winning, not by a landslide by any stretch of imagination, but he's ahead.
And here's a great fact.
Did you read this before you facts it?
Don't want to talk about mommy?
Yeah.
This is great.
It said,
The beast lives at home with mommy, and he's afraid to say anything about Mo.
George has two kids in a wife, and will play Mo bits all day.
George is controversial.
He pisses off the Jews, etc.
Some of us like that.
That he's a pervert.
We like that too.
The beast was so pathetic talking about how horrible it is to be him yesterday.
I was going to cry, but I turned it off first.
For the first time ever, I feel like jumping on the computer and voting a thousand times,
like the gun nuts.
How do you like that?
He wants to free-fire a poll.
Because he's so pissed off at the beast.
Isn't that interesting the way this thing has really turned around dramatically?
He started off pretty good.
I don't know.
In the beginning this morning, it was that we had like four or five calls, all hated George.
The beast is great.
We were rather here at the beast, and now they've turned on him like a cornered rat.
But there's a difference between liking somebody and listening to somebody.
You don't have to like somebody in order to listen to him as long as they draw a motion.
Well, first of all, when you say like, again, it gets back to the thing.
It's just a radio show.
They don't know these people.
They don't know them personally.
They don't know them personally.
They don't know what they like them personally.
The question is whether they like them on the air.
That's the business that we're in, okay?
Carlos, this is the life we have chosen.
They don't know you personally.
Right.
It's business and you're taking it personal.
Business.
Who do they like on the air?
We're not asking who'd you rather go out to dinner with?
Who'd you rather like go to the swing club with?
We're not asking that question.
We're asking who, and of course, who'd you rather go to dinner with?
It's obviously George, because you go over the beast.
He's going to be reaching out of your plate.
You're not going to eat crap.
In spite of all this talk about losing, you know, he was giving me 88 pounds this morning.
I said, how much?
Oh, 60, whatever it is, you know?
Not that fat people tend to exaggerate when we lose weight.
And I, you know what I said, we?
What was the last number?
I think it was like a 58 pounds, something like that.
I mean, it was a good number.
He'd done well.
But if he's gained some of it back, I'd say it would be hard press to say he's lost 50 pounds
at this point.
Net.
That's pretty gross.
There's old Teddy bruski, baby.
Running back in there, nice, great interception.
Don't you love that name, Teddy bruski?
What a sensational name for a football player.
Bruski.
Anyway, I got a lot of good stuff that I'm never going to get to today, but just to prove the point.
mentally ill cop, ex cop and second hijack attempt.
Remember on Friday or Wednesday, rather?
We had that they suspected the hijacking that Alathagia plane from Rome to a Paris.
Right.
And had to make the emergency landing.
Well, come to find out that this is an ex cop who has done this before.
Why is he not in jail?
Good question.
He's got a history of mental illness, former Italian policeman,
came to be a member of the Alcada terrorist network,
grandished a TV remote control, he said was connected to a labamba.
The Alathagia flight landed safely as after Savarini.
This is what the house is named.
Stefano, Stef Savarini.
I wonder if he's keen to Stefano Damiro.
Demanded to be diverted to the old Francis II, large of city,
and that he'd be allowed to speak to the journalists.
A French police said he could come and deert an Italian train in 1998 with a toy gun.
No charges were pressed against him because of a mental illness.
You ready for that?
In 1999, hijacked an Air France jetliner,
flying from Marseille to Paris with 76 passengers,
and forced it to detour to a different Paris airport,
where he held a dozen people hostage for three hours.
Oh my god, he's done it again.
The Italian news agency, Anne,
quoted his mother, a Relis Savarini,
saying, have been anxious for hours because he didn't come home at lunchtime.
He's done it again.
So you can see the great job that we're doing all around the world.
Tried hijacking a plane once before headed diverted, tried it on a train,
and now here we go again for the third time.
I guess three times is a charm.
King of Pops says, I don't like pop.
See, I'm doing these fast because I want to make sure we get all this in, okay?
You're like classical music now.
Yeah, whatever Michael Jackson does these days seems to make headlines in this time,
it's for saying he doesn't like pop,
or to much rather listen to classical music reports, ananova.com.
He was asked why he bought two classical rather than pop CDs
while out shopping in Berlin last week,
the self-style king of pop told German magazine,
Bunte, I don't like pop music.
The singer whose album Thriller remains the world's biggest seller
was in Berlin to receive the Millennium Bandy Award
recognition of his status as the world's greatest living pop icon.
Meanwhile, Jackson's baby dangling incident might not be over yet,
at least not a glory all red has anything to say about it.
Tuesday the California based attorney in Toxial Bitch,
asked the authorities to pursue an investigation
of the singer's stemming from his now infamous incident in Germany last week,
during which he held his infant son over to Hotel balcony.
In a led into the California Department of Social Services,
she writes, in my opinion, given the height of the balcony,
the fact that Mr. Jackson was only holding the child with one arm
as he held the child over the side,
the child was at risk of falling and being injured or killed as,
if it's her business, what the hell is her business in California
when he was doing this crap in Berlin, huh?
If it was anybody else finding the lawsuit, I'd say,
you go girl, but not that bitch, she is brutal.
High heat foods can be bad for you.
You realize that you should have had like a boiled,
boiled, not boiled, a boiled turkey yesterday for Thanksgiving?
I am so sick and tired of it, everything is bad for you,
everything, everything.
In fact, I'm taking a story of them,
and showing it on the news all the last two days.
Right, Thanksgiving time.
Just to make us feel guilty, make us feel bad.
They can't help us lose weight, they can't help us really look great,
but they can sure help us feel guilty.
Elton John, trashes 007 theme.
Elton John is bright and Madonna single,
Dianna the day the worst bond theme ever reports London's son.
John said movie bosses on the Pierce Brosden blockbuster
would have been better off asking Shirley Bassie or Sur Elton himself
to record a song instead.
It hasn't got a tune, John said.
James Bond themes are usually very camp,
and this one's different, was the worst bond tune of all time.
I don't think it's the best Madonna record them a big fan, yet.
He's not a big fan, he's always ripping her an ass in rightfully so.
He's a big fan.
How do you like that?
Her movie was a bomb, her song is a bomb.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the other is the...
Yeah, I just said I let it be.
I let it be, but...
They just showed a snow ploughing, but it wasn't the right game.
I thought it was the Patriot Dolphin game, the snow ploughing, so it was another one.
They got the snow ploughing ready by the way for that last game of the season, Carlos.
I don't want you to get nervous.
We get all dusted off and all ready to go.
1156 at 560 WQM, if you find yourself looking in the mirror and asking,
asking yourself the question, how come I'm bald, how come I look so old and so bad?
Just like the beast was, I love that thing and the facts about how bad it is to be him.
In fact, that should be the name of the show yesterday, the beast show, I feel sorry for me.
Didn't that what he talked about for four hours?
Sure.
Well, you know, thinning here makes a person look much older than his age.
Like the beast, I'd say, keep a pastor about 48, don't you think?
But now it's easier than ever to do something about your hair loss.
Get it back from Charles Alfieri because his natural hair line system is the best in the world.
It's 100% undetectable. It looks like the real thing.
The choice is yours and there are many choices.
You can have the holes drilled in your hand and have blood dripping all over your forehead.
Everybody laughs their ass or else calls the paramedics.
You can have some nasty looking dead farm animal on your head.
Some old muskrat do the muskrat ramble.
You can have like a mix and match like a whole bunch of pieces, one for every holiday, like somebody I know.
Or you can get you the natural hair line system. That's the best idea.
And if you mention the arigis when you call the Alfieri Studios, you get that special $200,
it's got off the regular price for a PITANCE of a price.
You can get yourself the greatest looking head of hair in the world and look better and younger than you ever thought you could again.
Nothing to risk is that I've set that vault spot because Charlie gives you that special 30-day guarantee.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, Charlie gives you full refund no questions asked.
So make that call today 1-800-321-2413.
I was going to say something about eating ass in there, but we don't want to bring George's thing up again.
1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website at CharlesAlphieri.com.
Find a local of this, his 560, the radius of yours.
You in!
Open a granola, Charlie and the baby, Bruce.
Ah, baby!
Chinese little little little jellyfish.
If the suspect chit now so I'm bounced out the road in a bit, that is super bad way.
Now with the author, stop the big deals a day I'll get around the PITANCE of the praise.
Like 1979, I'm both Catalina.
You're looking fine now, it's my baby, Cadillac.
Oh, baby!
Open a granola, Charlie and the baby, Bruce.
Oh, baby!
Chinese little little little jellyfish.
Go!
I grab my wing, those down on the hearts of the day, cause the hazy don't work no way.
Sweating fresh with our feet starts to smell and gets the dusty work at over time.
Now I'm a backseat you find, the shiny granola smell like light,
thanks my coffee, Janet, to the zombie washing it with all the road.
Don't all the heavy, open a granola, Charlie and the baby, Bruce.
Ah, baby!
My full shopping crew's going over speed bumps in the school.
Ah, baby!
Fresh with our interior, you'll be bested to be painted in star-baby.
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby.
level 3 at 5.60, it's our big new to 1 hour demand dog will be along at 1.
Even though it's a holiday for just about everybody else in the building, it's a real butt.
Oh, you want to know why?
Why?
It's Tanuka.
Not because it was Thanksgiving yesterday.
Not because it's Thanksgiving weekend.
Well, I mean, that's part of it.
But when you put Tanuka to first-age Tanuka on her, which how come it's coming so early this year?
I don't know, it's your holiday.
It's my holiday.
Excuse me.
Atheist celebrate Hanaka.
Oh, I forgot that's right.
Hanaka?
Go spin your griddle sweetheart.
I just figured out all the Jews we got on the staff like Duff.
Good Italian boy.
167 votes on a pool.
See the votes are pouring in on this one.
The other one was kind of like lukewarm because we've been there done that.
But this one, I want to like spew their ventum.
167 votes.
Who would you rather have fill in for Neil during the summer?
And the beast is falling not only to last place, but this didn't last.
See?
I told you he got on the block real quick and after about 15 yards, he petered out, falling down, just panting heavily.
George 52, best of neil tapes 45, which for life of me, I can't figure that out because those suck.
Joe Castello 42, Joe's moving up nicely and the beast is got 28.
Can you believe that?
Can you believe how the mighty of fall and it's like it's like on election night.
You watch some of the real early returns come in, you know?
And there'll be like the first 100 votes and you say, oh yes, so and so has got a chance.
And then when the next thousand votes come in, your candidates like 20 points behind.
Look in the governor's race for example.
Nice go on air, Bill McBride.
Nice one.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18th.
There's only one article I do want to read this or which I'll get to.
Don't let me forget.
Don't forget it.
And don't let me forget that least fill the game at one o'clock.
The latest Kissinger outrage by Christopher Hitchens.
Why is a proven liar and wanted man in charge of the 9 11 investigation?
We'll get to it.
Here's Dear Field.
Hello.
Dear Field.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Neal God.
Speak to me.
I listen to the beast.
I enjoy the beast.
Keep the beast.
He is the Ray Lucas of 5 60 Q a.m.
Bye bye.
Oh well, they got the same haircut.
Huh?
So they're going to suck for three weeks now.
I beg your pardon?
I'm praying to Ray Lucas.
No Ray Lucas, what was wrong with the last two games Lucas played.
First three.
What was wrong with the last two boy?
That's too great.
That's too heak.
You're a bastard man.
You're here heartless.
You're just hopeless.
What is wrong with you?
It took him a while.
He was rusty.
Plus he was playing some pretty decent teams.
There were many plays girls teams.
He plays pretty good.
Now Sandy, you go a lot of people with a similar not a girls team.
But you'll notice that they lose almost every week now after that fast start.
They're coming back to earth where they belong.
So when they're playing against the girls team, he's pretty good.
Now this week in the snow in Buffalo, we'll see what happens.
I mean, Buffalo is pretty weak.
They're a girls team, too.
That's right.
Their defense doesn't exist.
Yeah, but look at what a job they done that offense down there this year,
which is almost unheard of, just pulverized and humiliated,
embarrassed at offense.
And Ray Lucas.
So we'll see what happened on Sunday.
It's going to be snow like hell.
I just mentioned that in passing.
It's going to be snow a little bit.
It's going to be quarter and crap high up here of minus three.
And usually in Buffalo, it's a little bit colder.
So I'd say the high would be like in the low 20s of game time.
What is it a one o'clock game or four?
I'm sure one one o'clock game.
Game time about 24, 25 degrees.
Snow on the ground.
Mm-hmm.
Not looking good.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, you are God.
But you forgot one.
The combo of Joe and George, who I think is a winner and sound.
Yeah.
They were, they were great.
I don't know if you heard them over the summer.
They were together because I guess George couldn't pull his own weight.
And the duff jumped in there and stuck Joe in.
But George, you know what he was talking about.
Joe wasn't on this summer.
I mean, maybe last year.
No, it was this summer.
He was on for at least a couple days.
What do you say Miguel was Joe on this summer?
No, that would be me.
That was Miguel was on with George.
Oh, was it?
Okay.
I'm going to say, well, then Miguel should be on there.
There you go.
George, Miguel, okay.
There's one for you, Miguel.
Yay.
Let's hear it.
And I'm sure that he's basing his opinion on Miguel based on his performance this week.
Now, today after probably getting fed pretty good yesterday, maybe getting laid last night,
Miguel is back, he's back on his game again.
But the first three days Monday through Wednesday this week, he was coma.
Mr. coma.
Oh, it was a little rusty.
You weren't rusty.
You didn't have anything to say.
You said nothing.
There were long pauses you could have driven a fleet of Mac trucks through on his show.
I'll tell you where I hear positive.
We have more dead air on this radio station.
I mean, it's embarrassing.
It kills good time.
When these guys, they play the music, you know, all on all the sports shows, the music bed
coming out of the brakes.
Right.
And sometimes the music will end like on Moe's show.
And it's like he's sitting there trying to think of something to say about the music.
Why do you have to be distracted by the music?
Or on Tuesdays now, the new deal is, oh, and have you noticed the audio on Manditch's
the show on Tuesdays?
No.
He did the show this past Tuesday from Shulas.
It sounded like he was talking through a strainer that had 400 pounds of cow crap in it.
Man, muddy, muddy waters.
But anyway, to make a long story even longer, the fact that it matters is on Tuesdays,
Manditch hosts the, what do they call the Dolphin Touchdown Club or something like that?
Right.
So they had their weekly bash over there at Shulas.
And I guess it's like from noon to one.
So every Tuesday, and I sit here listening just to see how long the theme is going to run out,
what kind of music they'll play.
And the music goes on and on and on.
And then they come up with some other damn music.
And then finally, after about a minute and a half of this crap,
here you can hear the man dog breathlessly racing in there.
And you know, here I am.
Another dead ear on the station.
We better watch it when at 850 comes on.
And that's what Jim Sarni says.
He said, look out now.
Got some heavy duty competition.
That was directed at you though, I think.
What's that?
That article directed at me.
Yeah, that you better watch out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All those sports shows are killing us, man.
At Tony Bruno and Jim Rome,
with their combined point eight cheer, whatever you like.
Got heavy duty.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what about George and Warren Sapp working together?
Uh-huh.
Don't button.
Don't work that fast.
They were in Sapp on there.
Okay.
The fact how about Warren Sapp and the Beasters,
the UM factor for you?
I think they're both about the same size.
186 votes on there.
George has got 58 best in the Eltapes 50.
Joe Castello 49, the Beast 29.
How come Joe is moving up there like that?
I think Joe is putting some funny votes in on there.
Because when we did this between George and Joe last year,
two, the same thing happened.
It was very mysterious.
What do you think?
It's a fix on his part.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to give my take on the Beast.
What's your take?
I think you did pretty well.
But like you said, that was one show.
So I don't think it's fair to judge him up against George on one show.
Because I personally have to think George has had shows that I've liked a lot.
Then he's got some that man.
So away.
You know what, I mean five minutes that I'm gone.
Mm-hmm.
I had some that I've listened to.
So I mean off of one time, I don't think that's a fair thing.
Good point.
Yeah, I think you was good enough to give him a few more.
I think most colors would agree with that.
I say let's bring him back next week for four or five shows.
Sounds good to me.
But you need a vacation?
Uncle Neil, can I make a shameless request?
Go right ahead.
My wife hasn't heard the show in a long while.
So she really doesn't know who Bow is.
But I have explained to her what's going on.
She's never heard of.
Yeah.
But she already told me man, he sounds like a typical New York asshole.
I said, yeah, that's that's basically it.
So if you could play a little bit for her to hear.
Maybe the one that the one that he thinks he might be falling in love with George or whatever.
Okay, you got it, man.
Thank you, Uncle Neil.
Have a great day.
Here's a little preview, by the way.
Yo, yo, yo, let's rate.
Oh, just for the hell of it.
Oh, but we draw the line in the eye.
When he used that line yesterday, I just wanted to barf.
But that's, I think if it was at that point, I turned it off one in the other room.
Because I know there was no good stuff coming when he used that cop out.
Oh, I'm like, Uncle Neil, I draw the line at, yeah, right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line to solve that fax machine cracking crap out behind me.
It's just loud enough.
It sounds like a damn H-bomb is in my room here.
As we approach 200 votes on this pool.
Pretty heavy duty, huh?
This is the kind of stuff our audience likes to sink their teeth into and bite as hard as they can.
Next to, uh, ass.
What's wrong with those shows about eating ass?
I think I brought Dwight Latterday a lot of the closet.
I bet she's, how much he's got that radio cranking when George is doing those eating ass shows, you know what?
Doesn't it affect him?
Probably even brings Anne's body out.
Not to touch it just to sit there and kind of look at it.
Brings back a lot of old memories.
You know what's the most wonderful time of the year or so they say, but if you're in need of a new mattress in short on time,
you really want to be slumping around town fighting lines and traffic and parking list down in the year.
Of course, nobody with a brain does.
Then do what I always do called dial amatris 1-800-MATRUS.
Dial amatris makes it easy to buy a vegist called 1-800-MATRUS right now.
And an expert vet in consult will help you find the right vet at the best possible price in the universe.
The whole ordering process takes less than five minutes on average.
Don't be fooled by the other stores.
So-called sales.
Dial amatris offers great low prices every day with no showroom shell games.
Dial amatris carries the area's largest inventory of the best in the universe.
Seely, Sura, Simmons and King Crow mattresses ready for same day delivery.
They care about your bedding and watch it have a great night's sleep.
I've been sleeping on a dial amatris for years and I guarantee you my back is about the only good part of my body they're the best.
And if you're expecting company for the holidays, check the mattress in your guest room.
If you need a new one, call dial amatris now at 1-800-MATRUS.
You're worth a lot easier knowing your holiday guests will be sleeping and serious comfort.
Avoid the holiday shoppers. Don't waste time going from store to store, fighting the crazy traffic.
Call dial amatris right now 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS.
And be sure and tell them that Neo-Porty to call dial amatris the easiest possible way to buy you a new bed.
There's a butt- I smell it.
What the hell am I always getting rid of my men?
You have a nice bath, Mau.
Why sure? But I'll never get rid of my brotherhoods.
When and don't write men.
And it's too bad to do.
There is such a thing as an attractive man, you know.
Mau.
What do you know, you crumb?
What do you some kind of fairy?
What should go be another monkey for the organ grind at down the hall?
I'm not a queen here.
What do you know about being queer you're more on?
I've been writing nothing all the difference.
Sorry, Mau.
Dad.
Now see here. We're supposed to be talking about sports here.
Not about good looking men. Just men in general and nothing else.
This is sports radio over here. We love men.
But I got to say you have a bird.
I just the other night I saw this commercial on overnight TV.
When his guy was crawling out at the ocean, see.
On this island film and strippers that are brought.
They looked okay. But this guy in the commercial.
I would say he had an objective.
So in a way, he was pretty cute.
See that, you laugh.
You laugh and did I get you clearance to laugh?
Was this for a skip to weight, Mau?
Yeah.
And the guy was crawling on the island.
You thought he was cute?
Yeah, that's right.
You asked me to be objective.
I asked him yes and you still make fun of me.
You want to get fired again?
That guy there had pinchable joules.
So he was hooked on their funny.
That was cute.
You look in grand as monkey.
In old days, maybe I am in love with that mango munchies.
He certainly does make a ring of my nose glow like a neon rainbow.
Wanting him fired must have been just a reactor.
A suppressor that threw the mouth into you.
But I can't look in but he know how much I want to enter his place.
Get out of here, or you, you're own nuts.
You're own.
Hey, I can't move.
Look at the bulging your pants, Mau.
Huh.
If I move the wrong way out.
Hey everybody, moments this pants.
This is a good idea, grub.
Oh, that weight, Mau.
From 19 to 560 WQM, our poll is being a dittle with.
You notice the way it's going now?
Joe's got way too many votes too quickly.
Yeah.
211 votes, but that's okay.
In fact, you notice how they're the dittle or the professional poll dittle.
He's dillard with it right now, which goes to show you talk about people with no lives.
Here it's a holiday weekend and this guy's still dillard with our poll.
Who would you rather have fill in for Neil during the summer?
George 61, best in the old tape 60.
So I should know that was bogus.
Joe Costello 60 and the beast is 30.
Second wind, exhausted, can barely breathe, slumped over, sweating like a stuck pig.
560560.
Don't forget, join George tomorrow.
111 at Bill Siles Boulevard of Savings on Northwest 36.
Just west of 27th Avenue.
Stop by to win some very marginal prizes, but enjoy free food from Atlantic City.
Some of the bread makes the difference.
Why do we always say we're the bread makes the difference?
Because they want me to say that.
Well, why?
I don't know.
They don't spend any money on their station.
Well, they give me the food.
They give you the food. Well, that's great.
Well, time when we stay, start spending some money on the station.
And then I'll say when the bread makes the difference.
Because every time I say that, it starts making me think of that pain in the ass Scott.
Oh, this one?
Oh, this one?
Everything good?
Get out of here, Scott.
Oh, there he is.
Go away.
Pain in the ass.
Go find D.Fawe is on 850.
Go find D.Fawe with Jim Sarni, all right?
They're putting up billboards around town.
Idiot.
Here's a call from Key Largo.
Hello.
Leo, how you doing?
Okay.
I have two women and one little rotten boy who all three are prepared to squeeze the bag.
So we're hoping that you can play that.
You mean playing bagpipes?
Yeah, bagpipes, I'm sorry.
Oh, I got it.
I got a stall while I'll find it, I think.
I'll just understand the way this works.
Okay, have a great holiday, sir.
And don't do this again.
Hi there, boys and girls.
Today, you're getting a very extra special friend, stopping by to show us all about something
that you can be special.
I can't wait to do it right now.
Come on, it looks like, man.
How are you, laddie?
Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you.
Oh, I wonder what it is.
It looks like a...
I got the push with the kelp time.
That's me bag boy.
What?
Your bag?
Hey.
Oh, what can I catch you?
Sure, go ahead.
Run your hands over there.
Hey, that's a saw.
Hey, like velvet.
Hey.
What's this right here?
That is my blowpipe.
What do you do with the blowpipe?
You blow it, lad.
You blow it.
You blow it.
Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow.
Okay, can I do that?
Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, laddie?
Oh, can I?
Sure, go ahead.
Okay.
Come on, laddie.
You got to put your mouth around it, lad.
Don't be afraid.
It's not going to break.
I would like this.
Hey, that's a boy.
Stick it all the way down your throat.
It's bigger.
Hey, it means you're doing it right.
What's this over here?
That's Mitch Shander.
What do I do with that?
What you do with that, laddie, is you put your both hands on it.
You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Oh, it's a little bit of noise.
Hey.
Hey, run your hands up and down it there.
Now what you want to do, laddie, is you want to blow on the pipe.
You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle.
And then you want to run your hands up into the shaft real quick.
All together all at the same time.
Okay, here we go.
Good laddie.
Hey, that's good lad.
Sure.
That is good laddie.
Keep blowing.
No harder laddie.
Harder.
Squeeze the bag.
Squeeze long.
You run your hands up and down the shaft.
You're quick.
Faster.
You run your hands up and down the shaft.
You blow.
You're doing it right on the pipe.
You're doing it right on the pipe.
You're doing it right on the pipe.
You're doing it right on the pipe.
Hey, laddie, you can do that again.
After the kiss, you put it on your face.
You may be 12, 23, 5, 60.
WDQ, we're down to one call on the board.
Now look into the promising boys.
5, 6, 7.
One?
It's okay.
It's not okay.
We got a 34 minutes to kill here, man.
We better get with it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the 18 team for Ryzen Wireless Line.
Although I might read that one bedtime story real slow.
Here's for a lottery.
Hello.
For a lottery.
Is gone.
Okay.
I got sick.
Clean, huh?
And a great call.
It was.
Clean slate.
We had one call where we thought was left on air and he liked it.
During the course of the bit or whatever the problem was.
That's the way it goes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 team.
And for Ryzen Wireless Line.
It's amazing.
Three and a half hours, three hours and 20 minutes.
They're already out of material.
So yeah, I should have known that we're getting like bogus votes
on a poll over here because there's way too many.
Way too many.
Because it's a holiday and there's very few people around.
And based on the first poll we took, which there were no bogus votes on.
You see what I'm saying?
There was 179 votes on that in two hours.
Yep.
Well, an hour and 20 minutes we got a legally 2, 2, 2 on here.
And it's bullcrab.
They're diddling with us.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Great.
How's it up in Toronto?
It's beautiful.
Awesome.
Hey, yeah.
On the beach.
I thought he did a pretty good show today.
I called him yesterday and talked to him a little bit.
He's very lovable.
He's like a big bear.
You just want to squeeze him.
Yeah.
Well, you must have seen him, man.
You must know him.
I do know the beach.
He's a nice guy, but yeah.
So this is like a setup call.
No, no, it's not a setup at all.
I just wanted to tell you I thought he did good on the air.
But you can't put him up against George because there is no comparison.
You know what I mean?
Wait, I'm listening.
You're the one that's talking.
I'm listening.
You want me to agree with you.
I'm not...
Okay, well, we got to come in.
I'm frightened.
I'm frightened you're going to hang up on me.
Okay.
Well, I hang up on him because it's a setup call.
He's a buddy of the bees.
He's calling in all the way.
Even he said he can't be compared to George.
George is a little man of experience.
He's been on there pissing people off for what?
Four or five years now.
I guess we stuck him on there.
Didn't we?
In the first year, I don't remember when it was.
I think it was my second year.
So about two or three years now.
At least that he's been on.
Yeah.
And the beast is on there doing one show yesterday.
And you people are putting up against the standard like this man who's done...
He's probably done four or five hundred shows on eating ass.
And here's the guy that comes out there and just does one show about how come everybody hates me.
And I'm bald and I'm fat and ugly and short.
And I hate myself and I wish I was anybody else.
See, he was wearing his Tom Brady shirty say this.
I didn't hear that.
You want to know why?
Why is that?
Because he wishes he were Tom Brady.
He wishes he was anybody.
Yeah.
Well, if you're going to be anybody...
Might as well start at the top.
Okay.
Might as well pick somebody good.
I'll tell you one thing.
Tom Brady looked pretty good in those already uniformed yesterday.
And the lions in those ancient ancient us old parts remember the old days of the NFL.
Back before all this expansion.
Those were great.
The real ancient blue ugly uniforms.
It was fantastic.
Love that.
Hockey does that.
Baseball does that once in a great while.
Yeah.
Football does it every now and then for variety.
What's in fashion now?
Yeah.
The throwback jersey.
And what's wrong with that?
We like looking back in the past, okay?
225 votes allegedly on his pull.
Who would you rather have fill in for Neil during the summer?
George 67, best in Neil tape 66.
Most of those are bogus.
Gotta be Joe Costello 61 also.
And the beast 31.
Beast is a hoffin and puffin real hard.
Well, he gave it a good shot, you know?
And it would have been a good show of Carlos would have given him some better advice yesterday.
But you just didn't do it.
He was too worried about it.
Oh, he's Neil going to be there to hold our hand.
See, that's what you were worried about there.
That's what that was all about.
Sorry, Beast.
Gonna be sitting there and hold our hand and interject and, you know, drop in some of those when we need him.
Like you don't have your own.
Get your own parts, okay?
Get your own Oliometh too.
Oliometh Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of the best olive oil.
You'll find olive oil's great stuff very seriously.
I'm smeared it on my feet again.
You can see the miracles that it does for your skin.
Olive oil is a miraculous thing.
Even the ancient Greeks and the Australians do that.
And the specs too.
And Oliometh has got all kinds of great olive oil.
And they're combined with vitamins and minerals, herbals, other nutrients.
And scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions.
Each one is specifically geared with a different part of your health.
They got one to help your mind.
And now they have three new formulas.
One to help you sleep.
One to help you control your weight.
And coq 10, which is great for your heart.
All using the benefits of the pierced olive oil and money can buy.
It's an exciting new product for your health.
And you can pick some up today at Publix, Accuracy and Walgreens.
If you'd like to get more information call their toll free number.
And ask all the questions you'd be having.
Call 1-8-6-Oliometh.
That's 1-8-6-6-653633.
You can also order their products online at oliomedamerica.com.
If you visit your nearest publics and buy an olio-med product and data,
you can get you a coupon for free Larry Coker, Bobblehead, Dal Wast supplies last.
And don't forget to visit their sampling budget at sports town every Sunday
when the dolphins be playing home games.
Pick up some product information in free olio-med samples and start poppitating your plus real soon.
This is sports radio by 6-8-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
2. When an office, Senator Kissinger organized massive deceptions of Congress and public opinion,
the most notorious case concerned the secret bombing of Cambodia and Laos and the unleashing
of unconstitutional methods by Nixon and Kissinger to repress dissent from this illegal
and atrocious policy. But Senator Frank Church's commission of inquiry into the abuses
of U.S. intelligence, which focused on illegal assassinations in the subversion of democratic
governments overseas, was given incomplete and misleading information by Kissinger, especially
on the matter of Representative Chile. Representative Otis Pike's parallel inquiry into the
House which brought to light Kissinger's personal role in the not insignificant matter
of the betrayal of the Iraqi Kurds among other offenses was thwarted by Kissinger at every
turn and its eventual findings were classified. In other words, the new commission will be
chaired by a man with a long proven record of concealing evidence and relying to Congress,
the press and the public. Three. In his second career as an obfuscator in a falsifier, Kissinger
appropriated the records of his time at the State Department and took them on a truck
to the Rockefeller estate family, a family estate in New York. He has since been successfully
sued for the return of much of his public property, but meanwhile he produced for profit
three volumes of memoirs that purported to give a full account of his tenure. In several
crucial instances such as his rendering of U.S. diplomacy with China over Vietnam,
with apartheid South Africa over Angola and with Indonesia over the invasion of East
Timor to set only some of the most conspicuous, declassified documents have since shown him
to be a bald-faced liar. Does he deserve a third try of presenting a truthful record
after being caught twice as a fabricator and on such a grave matter was this?
Number four. Kissinger's consulting firm Kissinger Associates is a privately held
concern that does not publish a client list and compels its clients to sign confidentiality
agreements. Nonetheless, it's been established that Kissinger's business dealings would say
the Chinese Communist leadership have closely matched his public pronouncements such as things
as the massacre of Chinese students. Given the strong ties between himself, his partners
Lawrence Egoberger and Brent Scowcroft and the Oralogarchies of the Gulf, it must be time
released a full disclosure of his interest in the region. This thought doesn't seem to
have occurred to the present or to the friends of Prince Bond or in Prince Dandar's wife,
who helped the evacuation of the bin Laden family from American soil without any interrogation
in the week after 9-11.
Number five. On Memorial Day 2001, Kissinger was visited by the police in the Ritz Hotel
in Paris and handed a warrant issued by Judge Roger Leroy, requesting his testimony
in the matter of disappeared French citizens and Pinotier's chili. Kissinger chose to
leave town rather than appear at the palaces of justice as requested.
He has since been summoned as a witness by senior magistrates in Chile and Argentina,
who are investigating the International Terrorist Network that one of the name Operation Condor
and the conducted assassinations, kidnappings, and bombings in several countries. The most
spectacular such incident occurred in Rush Hour Traffic in downtown Washington, the
scene September 76, telling a senior Chilean dissident and his American companion. Until
recently, this was the worst incident of externally-sponsored criminal violence conducted on American
soil, the order for the attack was given by General Augusto Pineshett, who has been
vigorously defended from prosecution by Henry Kissinger.
More over on September 10, 2001, a civil suit was filed in Washington, D.C. Federal Court,
charging Kissinger with murder. The suit brought by survivors of General Ren Chattaro
of Chile asserts that Kissinger gave the order for the elimination of this constitutional
officer of a democratic country because he refused to endorse plans for military coup.
Every single document in the prosecution cases a U.S. government declassified paper and
the target of his devastating lawsuit is being invited to review the shortcomings of the
intelligence community.
In late 2001, the Brazilian government canceled an invitation for Kissinger to speak in
Sao Paulo because it could no longer guarantee his immunity.
Earlier this year, London Court agreed to hear an application for Kissinger's imprisonment
on war crime charges while he was briefly in the UK. It is known that there are many countries
to which he cannot travel at all, and it's also known that he takes legal advice before
traveling anywhere. There's the Bush administration feel proud of appointing a man who's
wanted in so many places and wanted for them or for his association with terrorism and
crimes against humanity, or does it hope to limit the scope of the inquiry to those areas
where Kissinger has clients?
There is a tendency some of it paranoid and distreputable for the citizens of other countries
and cultures to regard President Bush's war on terror as opportunist and even as contrived.
I myself don't take any stock in such propaganda, but can Congress and the media be expected
to swallow the appointment of a proven cover-up artist, a discredited historian, a busted
liar, and a man who's wanted many jurisdictions for the violence of offenses?
The shame of this and the open contempt for the families of our victims ought to be the
cause of a storm of protest.
How do you like that, huh?
And like I said on Wednesday when the story came across the wire, now that we got Henry
in charge, maybe peace will be in our hands.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas while I'm smoking all of my blood.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas while I'm smoking all of my blood.
Police can't make fun.
Police can't make fun.
Police can't make fun.
They can't best get it all I got.
Police can't make fun.
Police can't make fun.
Police can't make fun.
They busted me in a parking lot.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas while I'm smoking all of my blood.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
It's interesting to get a different point of view from weird stuff.
It's not maybe other people do.
It's entertaining, I guess.
From a different kind of pervert.
Yes, sir.
How about you?
How about you?
How about you?
How about you?
How about you?
How about you?
How about you?
How about you?
Thank you.
Bye bye, goodbye.
Elvis Claus.
I think we played that yesterday.
Are you starting to interfere again?
No.
See, Miguel is chocolateing because he notices the way, you know.
You come in, you know, a very weak, very mild.
And now, all of a sudden, you're like a tornado out of control.
Lunatic you got Eric up there crying in Orlando
You got the beast who's getting blamed for your failures yesterday. You're faded. They like spin him in the right direction
And now now you're like bitching out this night
He seemed like a good guy to me. We've had all nice people on the phone today. We have had one asshole caller today
Have we oh?
No, we're not nor are not taking anymore see I'm not as dumb as you think I am ago. Okay
Well now we don't have time for anymore
Give me a little bit of credit will you all right a little bit? I'm not gonna like push my luck. What's the name of that show press your luck?
Yep, I wasn't that that was the precursor to whammy wasn't it wasn't that the original whammy show
No, actually I think the the press you right right actually you're right you're right press your luck him first
Oh, I'm telling you
Wait till I start telling Mo about you
So anyway, what was the deal with Mo the other day you waved to him and he like looked at you and laughed and walked away or something like that
The ugliest look you've ever seen in your life really oh, yeah
Well, what what now? What have you done to merit a dirty look besides the course being associated with me and being on the show and George
I don't even know if he knows that or if he just does it to everybody maybe he just don't like sticks
Cool, be very hard to like him
commercial depicting bush not the toast of the town in Britain
I tell you the repression that's going on the world that there's no more freedom of speech or the press anything
London a cartoon a cartoon television commercial
It shows George W. Bush mistaking a toaster for a video recorder has been banned in Britain for ridiculing the president
An advertising watchdog said yesterday the commercial for a satirical cartoon show was offensive
Could only be shown if the makers sought the president's permission first
The offending ad shows bush of opening a copy of the video and saying my favorite just pop it in the video player
He then sticks it in with toaster and burns it
It also features Tony Blair fetching a ball tossed by bush and reference to the British Prime Minister's reputation among critics
As the president's unquestioning portal in world affairs. So what's wrong with that? It sounds accurate to me
We found that president bush might find the portrayal not to was liking and therefore offensive said
Oistin McLean director of the broadcast advertising clearance center no relation to Ron McLean of hockey night in Canada and industry
Funded body that vets TV ads in Britain
People are entitled not to be exploited for someone else's commercial game
You said the BACC said the producers sort of sought permission from bush to use his image before lime pooning him
The makers of 2d tv and animated series that marks celebrities and politicians rejected the criticism
Saying the ads amounted a little more than a general ribbing
It seems absurd said producer jiles pilbroe he told Reuters were much tougher in the program
Pilbroe said requiring satirist to seek permission from their targets was an idiotic request
That would mean asking your son have been live or son who's saying if it was all right to characters you then good point
I guess we won't be able to play them songs no more, you know that who's saying the one who played the other way
You got out of the guy want to hear Elvis Claus
I'm just asking because you're like trying to interfere again with that guy
And I will play it with you like it or not did I play that yesterday? Oh you play the yesterday right
Well nobody was listening yesterday anyway. That's a good point
There was nobody listen when you and the beast were there a diddle in each other who are you kidding me?
You've got to be no is that skiving day you think that anybody with a life was listening to this right to any radio station on Thanksgiving day
Anybody with even like a meager existence. Oh with a life. No no chance
No chance
262 votes and I bet you at least 20 of my real votes
My
And look all this is for real by city
It's Friday you bastard
Oh like you wake up very much
As here is the king
I know I haven't been around much for a while
But I want y'all to know up here in Rock and Roll heaven. I'll be thinking of you this Christmas
And I can give y'all a special Christmas message a message of peace
Like how about a little piece of that pie going by thank you for everyone
But I'll say Christmas is a time of who time of joy
What time for love and and I sure would love it takes lies that feature you got there
Like it. What's with my?
Oh, yeah Christmas
Now Christmas to me means family and family means friends
The friends means getting together and getting together means
Eaton oh pass me that film to take which please. Well, thank you. Thank you. I'm going
Now just more flavor you right now
You know, I may be a big star maybe too big
But ain't nobody's so big you can't reach out a help in the hand
I don't know helping a hand
Oh, yeah, hand me a helping those knives the data is over there. Which believe like it like very much
Now like I was saying
Ain't nobody's so big you can stoop to help a friend of me to with a holiday season
I'm speaking of season
You want to pass me that salt sugar when you get the chance like it. Yeah, just just those screw the color
Thank you
So this Christmas why don't y'all take a tip from old a. O.S.
Now I'll leave those stick tips right where they are you know the main no appreciate it. Thank you
I want you to remember we're all part of God's great big family
And you know God made man into his own image
And look in the mirror. I'd have to say God must be a big big center for you know the main
I think it is
But I especially want y'all to remember this one last thing
And y'all that homeless Christmas stringing that popcorn up on the tree
Save a big baked bowl for the can extra butter to low mean a like idea like
Oh
There was a
Do
How
the
We
Is
So black on his cast did I see
That is San Bernard
You weren't feeling quite right
Then your face turned all white
Goodbye to you
Oh, baby, you're still looking up the rainbow
Every night I'm at home and I'm watching TV
I have to sit through all his dumb movies and listen to
Whenever
It's hard to rule
It's now or never
But as I watch his flicks and I look at all those chicks
I wish I knew if they blew
There all which ones blew well
Just about out of time what a piece of cake this was today, you know what?
Was it only me it seemed like we were here for like a 15 20 minutes today? We just got on the air exactly
Let's do another couple of hours. What are you saying?
Not mad dogs coming up next. I got an important hockey game to watch mister got the Leafs and the Flyers in Philly. Let's see. How's that freaking coming up?
Oh
This TSN update is brought to you by Castro since act the active look to ESPN bought the mountain
I'll start everything sounds the same now. Yeah same music anyway
Don't forget join George tomorrow. I love it. I wanted Bill Sitals Boulevard of savings on Northwest 36 feet
Just West to 27 of that room stop by give me a little kiss on his bald spot
Win some QA and prizes enjoy free food from Atlantic City Stubs where
When 271 votes on a pool some of them even for real
I'm starting to think that the poor results since this has been ditto with is upside down
Maybe the beast won after all
Are you taking a leave the tapes actually won that?
Yeah, that goes to show you how bogus it is best in Neil tapes 84 George 83 Joe Costello 68 and the beast is second
Way to last place with 36 so you know the damn result is upside down
So we don't want to make it official or anything like that, but I'd say very likely the beast is the one
The weather show I'm flying
Buffalo still
All right, Seth Greenberg whose show will be getting
Who will be beginning soon here on the station Seth made the news last night with a win for South Florida over
Providence his 200th career win. Let's see who got there faster
You were Roger Clemens
I'd say what a probably Roger Clemens
I say it was it was a good win for our team. I mean, you know, it's nice to win the 200th game
Means you're obviously can't win 200 games. You don't coach them for five years
So it means I at least have been around for a while. Yeah, but
But it was a good win and you know, obviously for a northeastern guy to have a quality biggest win is number 200
You know with the kids that graduated last year to have some guys step up and show some resiliency
Come from behind it was it was a good quality win for our basketball team in our program. What kind of team you have over there
We're different, you know, obviously when you lose 4,000 points and you know about
You know 1500 rebounds and 300 steals your team's gonna be different
But in the good key is that we've got a point cut returning
We've got a post player returning when we're done a Reggie Cohen. I call him the heart and soul of our team
And then we've got a bunch of young kids that are kind of just scrapped and grind and
But we do have great leadership with the two seniors and that's pivotal for the success of our team
Where are your guys from most of them?
Mostly Florida. Yeah, I mean mostly Florida. I mean, I'm looking at a little Wilma, Donald's from from
New Orleans but Terrence Leathers from right here in Tampa
Marlboro branch from Leedsburg and San Barbara from West Palm Beach and Derek Marlboro from
You know is from Palm Beach County and use a baker's more land
But we and we have a couple kids, you know, it's kind of sprinkled in there also
