Oh
Oh
Good guy
Kids bought records where kids sing along with popular songs now introduces kids box classes
20 original modern day classic songs the whole family can enjoy
Brother inner drug gas
Your kids contested these songs all day their songs the kids
The kids are
I can play the guitar like a motorbike ride
Kids box classic not available at any store her order today
Tom Brady's on the cover of the October GQ. I just got that. That's the important thing on his factory this time
Oh, I'm hearing that echo. Aren't you? Oh, we're not back to that again
Vehicle way oh is a truck's fault
Now it's always Carlos's fault not but you know something
It's probably his way of rebelling against the fact that that we got liars around the building again
Not that we didn't have enough liars before we got a new program director on his first day
Officially as the full-time program director was it a second whatever it was second day any lies
Nice god clearance you suck
Tells the guy he's gonna meet him right after the show take care of him get him on a payroll do the do the right thing
Like Moe, you know, he did the right thing. That's why Georgia still there. I appreciate it
Right and clearance is supposed to be doing the right thing get the you know
We can't not not everybody in the world wants to come in there just just for the honor of seeing the ugly faces
The ugly pushes and bodies of the gross people in that building, you know some people like to get paid once in a great while
And this car so meet me and what does he do he vanishes he pulls the Greg read vanishing routine
They go on to lunch come back a little bit later. It looked for clearances you there. Oh, can't find him long gone
So I figure well when it comes in this morning. I'm gonna bust his balls about that have we seen clearance yet?
No, our new program director. How about our new operations manager anybody seen him yet?
I saw him he poked his head out the door 30 seconds ago. Yeah, he said hi telling that telling that he's program director again two clearances fired
It's a crack
I'm a sir. Look at you the right
What gives me the right I'm the king of freaking paradise man. You better get well at least the prince
The queen the queen of paradise. That's me
God dang it. Well, I got news for you boys and girls in fact
I'll save it for a couple minutes because it's such big programming news
Whether clearance likes it or not starting out tober first we got a big major programming change in South Florida on your radio
And then I'll get some promotion in the morning guarantee of that
Somebody who at least will promote the fact that coming up next is Neil not this baloney
Well, we got killed he's pregame show about a man the dirty boys in ginger Lynn
And you know everybody except for like the heart and soul of the radio station
Which is me and mad dog and Hank which we don't even get any promotion from that old funny dirty part
How do you like that?
But starting October first that's gonna change baby. You'll see
Anyway, we had another Europe Palestinian buddies around to the game this morning
Yes, I had bomber blooms. Don't even start. Okay, because you're so off on a one at least
I try to stay in the middle somewhere to say they're all nuts, but you're the middle there
Oh, no, you're not you're in the middle of a bunch of schmata heads is what you're in a
You make me they don't like me. You're trying it all they don't want nothing to do with you greasy
Spigs okay hundred children more than the suicide bomber boom stuff up on a crowded bus in downtown Tel Aviv on Thursday this morning
Our time afternoon there time killing at least five people in the morning about 40 in the second such attack in two days
The blastman after in lunch are while the bus was on Allen B street and they had hard of a restaurant and business district
There was no immediate claim or response now
What why would they say what street it is? Okay? This is from the associated press. Yeah
Do we know the streets in Tel Aviv?
Maybe somebody does there was no media claim or responsibility a Wednesdays attack on which a suicide bomber blooms up up at a bus stop in Northern Israel
Also killed in Israeli policemen was claimed by a militant group the Islamic jihad
They're all nuts. I'm telling you that right now. Like I said you want to have yourself a great time just go there and get on a bus hop on a bus
And speaking of nuts man
We got a nut a case out there who's obsessed with our polls a crazy person a total upcase
And you mentioned yesterday that he was well
I caught it first, but then you said he's got a program that like automatically like votes, you know eight times on there
We have 1147 votes. I think that might be a one-day record
Back in the early on days we top that and in fact the day that I took the pool
I think it was last week wasn't it last for the end of the week about you. Yeah, we did over a thousand right and he was also on their heavy duty as well
Love because he hates you like poison mr. Contrary the man who wants to dick up our poll every day
1147 votes
This is probably more than we got the listen right now. It's certainly double what most audiences
They're coming over one at a time. That's why we build our audience one at a time
I can't believe that clearance like a shining you like that Carlos. That's that's unacceptable
That's some of the worst news ever heard just when we had hopes that maybe we had some people would be like open and honest and
Communicate and not screw everybody over and this guy he's learning the right way. He must he must be in their second Greg Reeds toes right now
That's what got him that promotion
Need him like a goddamn hole in the head
But then anyway 1147 votes
What do you listen to most days in that noon to one hour and the reason we asked the polls because now that this shows become much more
Political and I make no apologies for that because it's about time somebody heard the goddamn truth
What's going on in the world at any rate?
In the noon to one hour. It's obvious that some of the right winners who are very there still got their tongue out bushes
Ask both bushes by the way
They turn over to rush or even build a Riley which is really desperate
Neil 617
Bush three or a rush whatever his name is 346. Yeah, keep doing that. It's like a sublivable
Rush 346 of which about 270 were bogus from this one asshole out there and the reason you know that is because like between
330 and 10 or 11 o'clock last night when I went to bed every time I checked this thing and you'd hit the refresh button
You'd get like 20 votes and your team would be for rush. You know what you're for me. Hey, they were coming in chunks
Okay, and I got news for you when you start coming in chunks. It's time to go see the guy damn doctor
153
Come on, let's get it up to a minute. What do you say pal? He's probably hopping out of the game
Neil 617 rush 346 Bill or Riley 53 other 50
Role me 49 I'd say maybe nine of those are legit the other party are from that asshole and music 38
So we got 53 and a half percent which the real number is like between 75 and 79 percent and the reason I know that is because
When you take a real pool like this even though it's unscientific after the first hundred to 200 votes the percentages
Don't really change all that much if you notice that yes, right after the first hundred to 200 you can take a thousand five thousand
Generally a good sample right
So after the first hundred votes or whatever was we had about you know 77% 78 who stick with us and noon to one whatever which is fine
An addition of which in the nine to ten hour there are a lot of our people still listening to the Howard and we're not talking about the
Mo Howard either. Oh Mo makes the uphold today by the way
You see Jesse Ventura on hardball with Chris Matthews last night a piece of it from the University of Minnesota
See Jesse's one of those people who had good intentions and I will say this of course now
He's not running a more for governor. He's not gonna be in politics now
We can afford to be honest again because Chris Matthews tried to hold his feet to the fire with his comment that he made in playboy about
Religion is you know what do they say again? What was the exact quote a crutch for the weak mind it or something like that?
Something like that. He says it's a pile of crap that's a crutch for people with weak minds and you know something
He is that's what we became enchanted with him because we thought finally here's a politician first of all
He's not beholden the Democrats are Republicans. He's independent first
He was on the reform party and then they didn't like him. So he said screw all you I'm an independent
But he found out real quick that you can't tell it like it is and that all of a sunny stare a backtrack and well
But I beat but I'm boob and you know
So now that he's getting out he's saying the truth again and when they was interesting because they had a large huge audience there University of Minnesota
Mm-hmm. It's a really interesting looking people too by the way, but anyway, I have to make you want to go back to college
One of the questions that Chris Matthews asked them as a group. How many of you in this group favor or invading Iraq?
There were maybe five people there must have hundreds of kids maybe five maybe
So all of these polls that we keep getting about all the overwhelming majority of the American public is all behind us
Bull crap in fact CNN yesterday on wolf blitzkrieg the question was
Will invading Iraq
Solve more or cause more problems
65% of the last two of the time I checked it
65% and of course CNN doesn't have exactly what you call like liberal of yours
A bunch of old funny dirty right wingers 65% said it would cause more troubles than it would solve how do you like that?
Yeah, but we're supposed to believe all minor
Still a minor if the judge gives a approval to the miners petition and the ten million dollar deal will be approved
So we'll keep our eyes on Boston dot com which is the up-to-date website of Boston Globe
That's a really nifty thing they have like a separate
Separate little deal as opposed to a lot of the other newspapers
I don't want to mention any names that like give you the you know the morning newspaper and maybe if you're lucky by the end of the day
They might put a couple of news stories on here and in big red. Oh, no. This is breaking out like they do on the news networks
Now Boston dot com is like new and breaking stuff that they change all throughout today and that what a concept huh?
Wow and for example if there's like a like a baseball game going on and any Boston team is the Red Sox
Are playing baseball ready team going on they keep changing the score any by any how do you like that?
I like it. Yeah, so you can keep in touch with what's going on in the world instead of getting a bunch of
Stale old crap which I noticed a herald boy. They're the worst
Especially in that people page they run stories that you see every well like two three days before
They just discovered that Diana ain't doing too good
The US intelligence speaking and not doing too good US intelligence
Vobbled 9-11 clues says CBS news
American intelligence agencies receive formal reports of terrorists plotting to use planes as weapons before 9-11 and the US government has previously acknowledged
Congressional investigators said yesterday
House and Senate intelligence inquiry staff director Eleanor Hill told committee members that intelligence officials picked up overseas warnings prior to the actual attacks
The community continued to believe that Sunni extremist associated with al-Qaeda were most likely to attempt
Spectacular attacks resulting in numerous casualties she said
He'll also told a warnings of explosives laden planes flying into buildings in this country report CBS news correspondent Howard
Aaron steam
Washington correspondent Bob Schiefer was 120 years old reports investigators have any had found specific information showing that anyone in the government had information the attack would be on the world trade center on 9-11
Investigators said the agencies never looked closely at the potential threat of hijacked airline is flying into buildings
And we should hasten to point out that the world trade center was mentioned several times not only that but of course
It already been attacked in 1993
Hill statement was presented to committee members yesterday at the inquiry's first public hearings
Lawmakers have been meeting behind closed doors since June looking into intelligence figures leading up to the attacks now
They can be corrected
Kristen Brightweiser whose husband died in the world trade center seemed bitter now a footier later
It's time to look back and investigate our failures as a nation she be testifying
These public hearings are part of our search for the truth not to point fingers or pin blame
But with the goal of identifying correcting whatever systemic problems might have prevented our government from detecting and disrupting
Al Qaeda's plot said BDI Senator Bob Graham chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee. I think the
systemic problem is called incompetence that's the word for it
Here a lot lined 12 examples of intelligence information on the possible terrorist use of airplanes as weapons
They mean back to 1994 the last example occurred a month before the attacks
When intelligence agencies were told of a possible bin Laden plot to bomb US embassy in Nairobi, Kenya or crash a plane into it
But it contained no specifics
Pony the impending 9-11 attacks other intelligence suggested that bin Laden support is my crash a plane into the US airport or conduct a plot involving aircraft at New York and Washington
the report said
New York and Washington sound familiar familiar while generally aware the possibility of this method of attack the intelligence
Community did not produce any specific assessments of the likelihood that terrorists would use airplanes as weapons the report said
With revelations in the spring that President Bush had learned a month before the attacks
They've been law and wanted to hijack airplanes the White House defended the lack of disclosure of the information by saying the president's briefing detailed plans for traditional
Highjackings not the use of airplanes as weapons
National security adviser Khandel Eize the rice said at the time that the threat was vacant and incorporated
That's Khandel Eize the rice who used to be the head of Chevron
I don't think any but not the head which used to be on the board of Chevron
I don't think anybody could have predicted they would try to use an airplane as a missile rice said had the president known
Something more specific or known that a plane was going to be used as a missile he would have acted on it
The congressional investigators also said them and intelligence briefing too much before
Then I'd love an attack warned that Osama bin Laden would launch a spectacular terrorist attack against us or Israeli interests
Between May and July 2001 the national security agency reported at least 33 communications indicating a possible imminent terrorist attack
Now let me ask you is my memory fading me or did we didn't we go into orange alert back then too?
Uh, you know what I think didn't we go into what we didn't even have it. Oh, that's right
The July 2001 briefing for senior government officials said that based on a review of intelligence information over five months
We believe that bin Laden will launch a significant terrorist attack against us and or Israeli interests in the coming weeks
That was in July 2001. Of course it was just a few weeks later that happened
But he'll say the credibility the sources was sometimes questionable and no specific details about the attacks were available
And days after the US put a bounty on Osama Yomama the terror mastermind counted with a nine million dollar reward to whoever assassinated
The heads of the CIA FBI and other top government officials this all could also came out theories yesterday
A congressional report released yesterday said the blood money offer was made in November of 98
The price was put on the heads of CIA director George Tennant defense secretary William Cohen and secretary of state Madeline Albright
The feds learned in 2000 that they were also plotting to assassinate FBI director Louis free
bin Laden and his senior advisors apparently decided to dangle the nine million dollar reward before his followers
Surely after the US offered five million for the capture of the al-Qaeda terror leader the US rewards since been increased to 25 million
It's not clear whether al-Qaeda still able to make good out of software
You think they are
And by the way, have we found him yet? No
Like everybody says at least we know where sat Emma is anyway and we didn't do to get a job of getting rid of him either
Didn't do to get a job of that because he's got all those all those joints, you know
Yeah, and he's smoking. It's what we're hearing
90 fevers on a pool already
The most evil person in software because you know these days that we live in now a lot of evil people running around doing a lot of evil things a lot of evil dors
Mayor Alice Penga Pakenia has forged to lead with 31
H Wayne High Penga 24 Phil Carroio 14 Moe Howard David with 12 Greg Reed 6 Peter Bolger with three Nickimura with three
Come on up on 956 at QA and we got to manage to one Hank Goldberg of three with Bino cook again
Oh my god between five and six thanks on three to six 30 with little Bino in there and believe me you'll need it when you hear that guy
Marlon's on deck six 30 Marlon's and the suppose at seven oh five followed by 80k and Joanne marked the dirty boys overnight
And it was that gingerland tonight that the Moe was uh, salivating about I guess
Gingerland now she must be Kim to Amberlin
I don't think so
Come on
How about Lynn Freitas?
How about her?
956 at 560 WQM by now you've heard the incredible earning potentially a computer professional and you've also heard us talk about the incredible demand for a certified
Computer professionals and the fact that Todd Wreck is a slacker who refuses to get off his ass
You've also heard to us talk about the great people at fast train
So it's time to do yourself a big favor pick up the phone and call fast train toll-free and one eight six six fast train
You can complete your program get certified in just four short months and beyond your way to a new higher paying career too
Fast train has got four convenient locations all over day and brought a cling that brand new one and highly congested
Fast trains got convenient day evening weekend classes to fit your busy schedule fast train is a full-time job placement department over 30 years
Experience so they'll get you into the field
Don't delay pick up the phone or call our good friends at fast train at one eight six six fast train and let them get you on a way to a real
Honest to goodness career making some serious bucks. That's one eight six six fast train where you can check them out of the web if you like at fast train
Dot com
Yeah
He yelled at the endage that greed turned
Because he wouldn't take a shower with
Akelberg as whole
As whole
Bracum
Each wing hizing a such an asshole
He's just like Hitler and Abe Abron
What's that he's pounding on?
As whole, as whole
He is the quintessential asshole
He only think there is less to say
It's property right away
He's still kicking ass
All of it's pretty close
Wayne Hiesinger, the most evil man in South Florida
He's got 36 votes
Mayor Penga Piccania 33 had just changed again
37 or 34
Phil Carreo 18
Mohauer David's got 15
Pretty good, Moll
Greg Reed would 6, Nick DeVarro with 5
And PD Bulger's only got 3
Now, did Muff come in there and give you this facts to me?
Yes
And did he do it with a straight face?
Yeah
Did you read it?
No
Oh
Wait a minute with this facts
Is that your hope he's innocent?
No, I know that this is it
Is something about the phones and the engineers
Can George call at 1 p.m. today to get the phones working?
Please let me know
Duff
No
The answer is no, haven't I already made that clear?
Don't you think I have spotted?
I guess he's not listening out of these back
He's not listening
Go back home, Duff
Because at least when you were home you listened to the show
No
I didn't make myself fearful
It was a problem on that end or like somewhere in between
With some kind of a technical thing that needed to be taken care of with a phone company or on that end
Then they could like take care of it
But in the meantime now that I know that it's here
And since we're not going to be using the phones any time before I leave here in a few weeks
It makes sense to get the Toronto engineer up here
See that they don't want to do that because then they're going to have to pay him, see?
You see what I'm saying?
I see
But it's too freaking bad because they're going to have to do it
Get his ass up here and have him take care of that
And then also check out the overhead and I mean the thing
The talk back
This
Yeah
Now Carlos said yeah
But we don't know if it dumps or not
He's got to come in here like fine tune the damn thing
And it's like a tune up for a car for a beat up old car
Same thing with here
So the answer is
No
Plus there's the anyway Duff
It's made day
Made day
Like Rick Generat would say
Made day
Made day
But this was an MAID
Made day
That's right Duff
It's time to get made
You should know something about that
Made or laid
But at any rate so one o'clock I go zooming out to the door on Thursday
And in addition which it wouldn't make any difference what they was
Because the answer is still no
And you know what they're going to say again?
Well see he changes his mind
He was all
It's not a question of changing my mind now that I know that requires crawling around on the floor here
And doing a whole bunch of crap on this and I'm not interested in that
I'm not interested in playing the engineer
You follow what I'm saying?
What are you saying?
Pass the message along to that clown
Here we got two
Now we got two chiefs
Before we didn't have any
Then we had an interim kind of chief
And Duff was in there in a guy with the M. Strayjack and somewhere trying to get his brains unscramble
Because Greg lies so much
And now we got two haunchos
Carlos can't find anybody who will talk him about getting paid
And now Duff even though I made it very clear the answer is no
He wants to know can the engineers call me at one o'clock
Hey guess what the answer is no!
Very simple
Nay yet
Nine
No
What other language?
Italian
No
Spanish
No
English
No
Wow
Anyways 10.04.5.60 WQM
I tell you I wasn't such a good mood today and you know what I'm always in a good mood here
Remember what we were taking calls the first few days when I started doing the shows here
And we get those ass sucking calls
Boy Neil you sure sound happy like you're in a real good mood up there
I am
I'm in a sensational mood
I love it
It's like a real place with real people
I feel like I'm like a living like a real life
You know what I'm saying?
What are you saying?
I'm saying it sucks
There is what I'm saying and of course part of the reason it sucks
There is what's going on in that building
A bunch of people running around the halls going
Move in desks everybody's got an office now everybody's got a title and we still can't get anything done right
You have to have part like a mental hernia to get somebody to send you a piece of copy and a joint
And by the way Skippy you're not fooling anybody
Takes the word schlep out of that copy and there's the facts is it back to me here
Shlup on this sweetheart you won't be there long
125 votes on the pool
How come I got so worked up today you know
I don't know
We decent
And it must be this picture that you sent me yesterday maybe that got me all whipped up to a frenzy
Didn't you fax this to me with Chelsea?
No
Well who the hell fax this to me then?
Controversy after PA you oh it was you didn't know you didn't fax it to me it was in that it was in that FedEx
Oh okay
You put a whole bunch of stuff in there by mistake
Sorry
You know George got so carried away was trying to be so efficient that he unwae faxed me a CD
But in there he put he put his menu from balance for life
Which did you get that by the way the bubbleg anouche?
No did you get the menu that I passed you back yes I did thank you very much
Bob again he's making a joke about it
See I was gonna talk about the good stuff that's on the menu like the turkey meatballs with barbecue sauce
Yes and the shrimp cocktail with lemon rice and the turkey ham onion spinach egg and cheese burrito
And the sweet potato pancakes with turkey and eggs Benedict and all kinds of good stuff and then I notice today
Oh this is for next Thursday
So just keep it in mind for your smorning snack choose the shrimp cocktail with lemon rice as a new contest
The baba ganouche with turkey baba ganouche
That's Troy man he's got quite a sense of humor
Anyway what got me all whipped up was this picture that was also in there controversy after people magazine pictures
Chelsea Clinton in a row state I had that story on the days ago and lo and behold here's the picture
Much a do-bought nothing
She went up raw
Her boyfriend has got his hands around her waist from behind he's smiling and she's
She's got her eyes like kind of closed and there's nothing going on there you know
The couples are maybe a little bit perky like the people have never been perky okay believe me there's nothing about her that's perky
Jerky maybe perky maybe her
Maybe her she ain't perky okay nobody would touch her in fact this kid what the hell he all over her for
The new tummy comes from a family with big money or something
That's right remember he has political aspirations
Ian close Jess maybe knows close Barbie
But in any way or maybe Barbie doll because she sure is how we make one hell of an ugly Barbie doll she is gross
She is gruesome she is one of the ugliest creatures that ever she makes me look like god damn Robbie Benson that's how I'm doing with that bitches
She makes fat boy look like Tom Brady
She is nasty
And remember that period of time it lasted for about a week oh she's the hot new sex symbol Chelsea
All right so is Hermione King gold
God
Oh look at that
Thank you all there's a president here with that dumb look on his face
Dumber than you look at that
Alfred Bush man oh man he's got the you mm written all over his purse good golly
But it's a this will be a
So the chance for Congress to indicate support yeah it indicates important how politically a week need they are right he's he
He's I'm credit for that boy he sure has helped play them like a fiddle
Fricking Democrats I told you both parties suck that's why I've jency would just he would have a little bit more backbone
But see he realized you know he just can't do that you can't tell in fact they on that show last night on
Whatever the hell that show is hard hard balls and Chris Matthew says well how many of you people here would like to see Jesse run for governor again and it was like
I have packed some booze you know but generally speaking they like him for the WWF thing for the wrestling thing
And for the fact that he says a lot of unorthodox things and he also was talking about the fact that
Gays ought to be in the military and women and you know all this other stuff women ought to be allowed to be in combat if they want
How do you like that?
Of course
Spice scandal has reduced America's control of missions speaking of the war-mongering bushmeister this is in the London Times
The United States and it's written by James Bone in New York you know old bone?
No. The U.S. will find it hard to control the UN weapons inspectors in America as it once did because of changes made after U.S.
Spine scandal rights Mr. Bone. The last weapons inspector it known as unskown was closed down in 1999 after it emerged
That Washington had used American members of its inspection teams to spy on Iraq the new inspection agency known as un-unmovac was deliberately designed to reduce the Americans
Overwhelming influence thus making it more difficult for Washington to provoke a crisis if it's so desires in the new body
Americans play a reduced role in planning inspection missions and unlike its predecessor will not use U.S. government staff
Perhaps the most telling change with the abolition of the powerful post of deputy chairman which was always held by an American
The highest ranking American in the agency now has a relatively lowly job in charge of the training division
The key post of activity of aduation is held by a Chinese official by sure hoping on poison their food
That of liaising with foreign government and companies is held by a Russian don't you love that word liaising?
New one. Another key reform is that the inspectors no longer use U.S. spy satellites but employ commercial satellite companies instead
But there have been many more subtle innovations such as giving all the inspectors cultural sensitivity training
The changes were all part of a grand diplomatic bargain struck after withdrawal of unskommenspectors in 1998 when it emerged that American members had planted bugs and even installed a safe in the new and office and bagged that containing communications equipment to beam information up to satellites
The original U.S. ceasefire teams at the end of 1991 Gulf War were clear a record get sanctions lifted only in return for a full cooperation in eliminating its weapons of mass destruction
The 1999 resolution that established on MoVick however sketched the new deal unless rigid terms
These suspension but not lifting of sanctions and return from progress on key remaining disarmament tasks
Unmovigna has a roster of 220 trained inspectors from 44 countries including Stephen Hathpool
including Stephen Hatfield, a former US government researcher who has been searched repeatedly by the FBI and connection with the investigation in the last year's anthrax attacks.
Mr. Blix met Iraqi officials last night with due to brief the UN Security Council on his talks with him today.
Oh man, Stephen Hatfield, well, be a good way for him to get out of the country and stop being hassled here, you know.
Poor Stevie.
More terrorism concerns, this from ABC News.
The FBI sent a notice to thousands of law enforcement officers yesterday warning that warning them that terrorists may be developing a new way to hijack passenger jets, government sources told ABC News.
The agency also was concerned that the Al-Qaeda Terror Network is searching for new ways to sneak explosives on planes, explosive that can't be detected.
Law enforcement sources emphasized that the Al-Qaeda discussion took place before last year's 9-11 attacks and that there's no information indicating current ongoing planning.
In today's weekly intelligence bulletin yesterday, distributed to 18,000 law enforcement agencies around the country, the FBI warned that Al-Qaeda members have discussed hijacking a commercial airliner using Muslim extremists of non-Arabic appearance to slip past security.
The bulletin is based on interrogation of an Al-Qaeda member in detention. This is a very smart bunch of people and they definitely think of all the angles that Robert Blitzer, former FBI chief of the domestic terrorism counter-rism planning section, no relation to Wolfblitz Creek.
They're all very creative, he said, just look at how well they hid themselves here in the US prior to the 9-11 attacks.
The discussions involved using 10-20 Chechen Muslims affiliated with Al-Qaeda, but already present in the US to overwhelm the crew after taking seats in first class according to the FBI bulletin.
Other discussions called for sneaking liquid explosives mixed with coffee and brought all the plain and carry on bags.
Aviation sources said current airport technology would not detect such explosives.
Even though the Al-Qaeda plans would have helped before 9-11 sources say, given Al-Qaeda's tendency toward long-term planning, there's no reason for concern.
Al-Qaeda does plan years and advance and we've seen this over and over again, but who said, very, very long planning cycle sometimes up to two to five years.
If you're better now, much.
Yeah, sit back and relax for a little while.
We're not. Uh-oh.
12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQ, we got the mad dog Jim Mandiccio coming up 1 o'clock this afternoon, the hysterical hound.
When you shop for quality shoes, footwear and what is it?
When you shop for quality footwear, selection and professional service are mighty important for you.
But what we're talking about, that's why I get tongue-tied. It's price because that's what most people are shopping for.
They know what Brandeys are going to get great shoes and all the top names, but price they want to know about.
They know they're going to get knowledgeable people to know your feet inside and out and give you a great friendly personal service, but prices what they're concerned about.
Well, let me tell you right now Brandeys is unbeatable, which is why they're still going strong and that same great location they've been for about 6,000 years.
And they got all the top names in the shoe business, rock ports, SAS, Spirry, Timberland naturalizer and all the other top names you know and love as well.
Brandeys is open every day of your life from 9 to 9 Sundays, 10 to 5, and you'll find them in a stupendous location like I said, 12-90.
North Federal Highway in Pompeno Beach. And the final summer closeout sale continues for an extra week this week.
Right now, for a special select group of famous brands, it's the big closeout with up to 73% savings this week.
Right now, at Brandeys shoes in Pompeno Beach.
Finally, the local species is 560. The radius of your sound is 2A.
Well, I have to break that f***ing guy's neck.
Here we come ready, I'm not holding freaking off, it's not well let him drop drop drop drop.
Oh, same, here comes Major Payne.
Let's go find my Racky.
Oh, right.
Yeah, let's say you're tacky.
Drop fall in his Racky.
Better get up like I'm whining.
Oh, same, here comes Major Payne.
Will you be feeling pretty sad when there's nothing less than fact that except a small smoke smoke smoke.
The whole of you is demon man, go and do it for us that less no joke joke joke joke.
Oh, same, here comes Major Payne.
Let's go find my Racky.
Oh, right.
You're a safe attack.
Drop fall in his Racky.
Oh, great, great.
Better get up like I'm whining.
That's the Major Payne.
All right, 1018 at 560.
Oh, there's Major Payne.
Explained, the DEA has documented over 70.
Government announces arrest in date rape drug ring and there's John Ayer ask ask Rob.
Non death overdose.
Heinrich von Ask Rob.
These drugs are frequently used at so called Rafe parties on college campuses and night clubs.
And they've had devastating consequences particularly to young women who have fallen victim to date rape after unwittingly consuming the chemicals.
These arrests make it clear that those who use the Internet to conduct illegal drugs and taxes.
Where'd the end of that included?
Where'd the end of that?
Go get him.
Get him off my show.
Here Martin Gering, Jr.
What he makes me nauseous.
1019 at 560 W.A.M.
And I'll tell you, these prehistories, just when you think you're finished, they'll just keep pouring in.
Thank goodness the mainstream media's gotten off the rest of our bill.
You know, because we got more important fish to fry, more important schmata heads to fry.
Judge closes hearings on Noel Bush's clinic workers.
A judge yesterday closed to the public a hearing to determine whether Ford drug rehab workers were in Noel Bush's receiving treatment must answer police questions about the governor's daughter.
Police officers received the report last week that Noel Bush had cracked cocaine in her shoe.
How come Ask Rob's not talking about that?
But workers at the Center for Drug Free Living are refused to cooperate citing privacy concerns.
The Orange, Oceola State Attorney's Office has subpoenaed the four workers to compel them to answer questions.
Circuit Judge Belvin Perry today closed the hearing to reporters citing public health laws that protect people in drug and alcohol treatment programs.
Margaret Cosen, an attorney for the Orlando Sentinel, argued that there was a public interest in the case since it involved the governor's daughter.
Assistant State Attorney Jeff Ashdom, while not taking a position on whether the hearing should be public, said that prosecutors weren't seeking records, but information on what was said between the drug rehab workers and the police.
Carlos Burrezo, attorney for the rehab workers, said the open the hearing would violate patient confidentiality laws. Perry said he'd make a decision next week.
Police said two tenths of a gram of 0.2 grams of crack cocaine were found in Noel's shoe last week after they were called to the Center by another patient.
But Bush was not arrested because officers couldn't get sworn statements from the staffers at the Center for Drug Free Living.
In July, she spent about 48 hours in the Orange County Jail Actors Center staff members caught her with unauthorized prescription drugs.
Since then, she's been receiving positive reviews from Whitehead. Bush and Isabel President, they moved to the Center in February after she was arrested.
Of course, in telehance, he for trying to pass a fake prescription for Xanax, which George could have got her all she wanted. No problem at all, right?
Right. Well, for price.
You better call up that Center for Drug Free, having given the one your number, okay? Keep her out of trouble. She's ugly.
Yes, oh, she's scary. And again, like I said, could happen in any family, happens in the best of families, just like George McEverett said about her daughter died of alcoholism.
They found her dead in a snow bank. But the fact of the matter is that most families aren't goody, two shoes run her mom telling everybody how much better they are in everybody else, which the Bushies are always doing.
In the meantime, they're trying to cover up one scandal after another. I wonder how that woman's doing in Texas, the one they finally shut up before the election, with that rape deal.
Yeah, remember that. Yeah. And then of course, that was that picture of President Slaught out of his mind with that booze in his hand. But anyway, it must have just been, it was like lemonade. It was ginger ale.
Remember that? Uh-huh. That little, uh, yeah, non-alcoholic. Why would you presume such a thing? Because I'm a bastard.
Gainesville, Mester, arrested on charges of molesting boy. There's a bastard. A pastor who worked at a church in Gainesville for 18 years has been arrested for allegedly molesting a teenage boy North Carolina earlier this year.
Reverend John Sherhouse, 51, was charged with taking liberties with the minor child said Paula Townsend, a spokesperson for the Wattaga County Sheriff's Office in Boone, North Carolina.
Is that anywhere near you? That's very near me. My brother graduated from that high school. Really? Yes. Well, he wasn't molested by this suprise. Was he?
I'll ask. Wait a minute. This wasn't over. This was a pastor. This is, oh, thank God. We were going to the Catholic Church of North Carolina. Mama wanted to take communion. So we went Episcopal. Townsend said Sherhouse had been freed on $10,000 by the hearing in the cases said from November, which is the Wattaga counties on the North Carolina Tennessee border. Oh my God, what a horrible place that must be.
A grand jury in North Carolina and died in the last month. Court record showed the charge stems from an incident June 27th.
Sherhouse had been placed a medical leave from Gainesville's first back to church in July and was to resign at the end of the year said Reverend, Reverend John Feralis, the church's senior pastor.
The medical leave includes full salary benefits. A lot of his medical coverage to continue. Reverend Sherhouse made me aware of the circumstances in his life.
Feralis said he felt like he needed to be relieved from his duties. Sherhouse referred questions about the case to his North Carolina based attorney Scott Casey, but told the Gainesville son not to jump to conclusions, not to speculate to allow the judicial system to work. He will not be allowed to return to the church's conservation.
Right. Right on. Law suit ledges arts dices, conspired to hide the abuse. This is from Boston.com, which I just mentioned a little while ago.
A Boston lawyer filed a civil lawsuit yesterday accusing the arts dices of Boston of conspiring the cover of alleged sexual misconduct by 12 priests over 50 years. How do you like them?
Father, oh, two lawsuit filed by Carmen Dursu on behalf of 27 plaintiffs says that church officials failed to be spotted complaints of sex abuse protecting the 12 alleged perpetrators and tried to cover up the evidence of abuse.
This has been going on for years and years and years. Dursu said individuals in the diocese have been aware that it's been going on and haven't done a god damn thing about. I don't think he said god damn thing. I know about it.
How's that pool coming 166 votes? Who's the most evil person in South Florida? Mayor Alex Penga, Pakenia, 50, Wayne, High Penga, 45, Kyokarroyo, 26, Mohawar, David, 23. He's done pretty good. He's in the top four. Greg Reed, 13, Nick, the Viral, five and little PD Bulgers only got four.
I'll guarantee you follow people he screwed over in the broadcasting business. If they were listening right now, if they were right near their computer, he'd have like a whole bunch, PD Bulger. Make no mistake about that.
Two more Shavira students alleged abuse. Am I saying that right Portland, Maine? I don't know. I don't need you to why I need to. Nobody would know unless they're from Portland, Maine.
Two more former Shavira's high school students are accusing them of Reverend James Talbot of sexually abusing them according to a lawyer representing the Jesuits' alleged victims.
Amber Jean-Gee Talbot, hockey player? No.
Talbot was set to be arraigned today in Massachusetts on the charges he molested three Boston College high school students in the seventies. He also faces allegations of abuse and mean. He was transferred to Shavira's in 1980.
For years, Michael Doherty was the only Shavira student who accused the popular coach and charismatic teacher, Sessional and propriety. Talbot was suspended from teaching after Doherty sued him in 1998.
Now, two other men say Talbot accused abuse them while students at the school several years ago, doherty's experience. What is it? Let me try that again.
Now, two other men say Talbot abused them while students at the school several years after Doherty's experience, going to Robin McCleish Jr., the attorney represents them.
McCleish would not identify either man. He said one is filed an negligence suit against the Society of Jesus in Boston and Boston College high school alleging that Talbot supervisors knew or should have known about his behavior and taken action to stop it before it was transferred to Shavira's.
McCleish said the other man is also preparing to follow a lawsuit. Good for him. Souther ass, okay? Butcher Farbiss and a Goam.
1026, butcher Hippocrates, baby. Butcher finger-point and Hippocrates. 1026 at 560 WQA. If you're looking in the mirror, wondering where it all went, where it vanished to.
Down the drain, down the turlant, on the floor, and wherever. Your hair we're talking about. I'll do guys. Here's the answer. You're not going to get it packed by osmosis.
Schmurring a bunch of stuff on your head isn't going to do it. Taking a bunch of dangerous pills isn't a smart way to do it. If you want to get a great looking head of hair, there's only one guy who can help you do it.
And that's Charles Alfie, or he's been helping the famous and even schleppers like you for more than 25 years. And the reason that even famous people, but the Udels of Money, go to Charlie, is because for no amount of money in the world, can you get a better looking head of hair.
The natural hairline system is the way to go. It makes you look sensational. It looks like the hair is really going out of your scalp.
So the choices where you got really three choices, stay, you know, continue walking around like a cue ball, if you want, with almost no hair.
Number two, you can put a dead animal on your head like Bob Eisenberg and Moe or number three, you can go see Charlie and get that natural hairline system.
Mention the arrages when you call to get that special $200 discount as well. And Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of hair systems, while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks.
And when you get the natural hairline system at the Alfie Array Studios, everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee.
If after 30 days, you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting laid like at least every hour on the hour, Charlie will give you a full refund.
So you have nothing to lose, but that ugly ball spot call right now tool free 1-800-321-2013.
That's 1-800-321-2013 or log under a prestigious website at CharlesAuthieri.com. That's the way to do it.
Charlie Kruehl-Gall, queer sports radio 5CC, UAM.
God!
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story, we take a good, hard, stiff look into startup.
It only took one hit for them to burn their freaking song into our brains, but it only took one man to bring them to their freaking knees.
They were after the fire.
So we're recording the song, right? And I know it's missing something, but I don't know what.
Lead singer Jack Wobber talks about his so-called creative process.
So I'm singing out loud, you know, don't turn around and just then the janitor is walking by and he goes,
and I go, they're commissons in town, and he goes,
and right then I knew we had a hit.
Unfortunately for the band, so did the janitor, Ron Bustum.
Hey, it was my uh-ohs that made that song so popular. I was making sh** money as a janitor.
I figured why not reemum good?
Ron hired a sleazy lawyer who tricked the band into paying Ron $5,000 for every uh-oh.
Every time the song was played, anywhere in the world, for his entire life.
That oily little bastard. I mean, $5,000 every time he goes, uh-oh!
We were broken about 20 minutes. I worked in borders for crying out loud.
Meanwhile, at his Hawaiian villa, Ron the janitor has attained rock star cult status,
which he openly uses to get laid. A lot.
Oh, Ron, do it again, Ron!
Uh-oh!
Oh, yeah, baby!
Uh-oh!
Oh, Ron!
After the fire, they learned the hard way not to let a janitor go, uh-oh, in your song.
It's a big juicy, shopping-wet-look at show business tonight, on inside the mind.
Uh-oh! 10.33 at 5.60 WDQAM.
They just keep getting better, you know what?
Yep.
State asks for election help from Justice Department in November elections.
We need some help!
That's what the state is saying, and believe me, they do.
The state asks, by the way, did you convey that message to Muff?
No.
No, that was the message. No, that was the correct message.
Hey, Carlos, go tell the stuff now.
Go tell Tophie the answer is no, and start listening to the show and quit the-
we don't need him back. We got two useless people in our building now.
We got Muff and clearance.
I guess they're splitting up the duties.
Kind of like Jason used to do, and take pictures of him.
The state asks the U.S. Department to just as Wednesday to help-
to send help to Verunday repeatedly botched primary election in two South Florida counties in November's general election.
Confidence in the state's efforts to reform its election system has been shaken by the problems in Dayton-Broward County Secretary Jim Smith be saying,
and led into attorney general John Ascroft.
Oh-ho-ho! That should take care of it.
Let's get the feds in there, huh?
Let's go.
Now that Jan is ran for re-election, let's get some of the bushmeister people in there to count the votes by hand.
Smith, Florida's top elections official said the state is reviewing the problems and asked Ascroft to take whatever steps you need necessary to participate in this review.
He also asked the Justice Department to assist election supervisors in ensuring a smooth, general election.
Regrettably, the difficulties in Dayton-Broward counties have driven some to question the wisdom and effectiveness of these dramatic measures.
Thus, the fate of election reform in Florida and perhaps our nation rests upon the immediate and effective response Smith wrote,
Governor Jeb Bush, the president's brother also sent Ascroft letter supporting Smith's request.
Yeah, he probably tells him we need some help because I got a real candidate here now, Bill McBride, who can beat my ass, who can whip the crap out of me in November if you don't send some feds down here to box up the votes for us.
Earlier Wednesday, Bush and Smith's at Broward County Commissioner should take over the November-Fit General Election from the county's election chief to ensure against the other botched election.
Smith said he would try and pressure Broward election supervisor Miriam Elephant to accept a proposal by Broward Commission's chairman and Laurie Perry that the commission have county workers open to polls, staff them and close them, and that Sheriff's deputies deliver ballot boxes to counting centers.
Instead of having him sit around for about a week to see that story.
Yes.
Yeah, they just kind of been sitting around here and there and then the one guy took him home because there was nobody else around to give him to.
Just unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
If it was any place else, but in Florida, of course, especially in South Florida, very believable because it's the effing way we do things.
186 votes on the poll, who is the most evil person in South Florida?
Mayor Alex Penga-Pecania, 55, but it's a good tourist race.
Wayne High Pingers got 50.
Joe Carrillo, 31, Mohawar, 26, Greg Reed, 13, Nick de Merrill, 6, and Pete Bolger again, a second wind.
He's a victim behind in with only five votes.
Nice place.
Romsfeld implores Congress to quickly pass resolution giving president to move on Iraq.
Congress must authorize the use of military force against Iraq before the UN Security Council votes on the issue.
Defense Secretary Tom Romney fell to Congress yesterday.
Did you see what you did because we were on the air?
When he started going to that thing about the smallpox, that was one of the most grotesque, one of the most irresponsible, and they just hit their listening.
Like this is a man who's talking rationally.
We already know about the dangers of smallpox, and the fact that lunatics, if they want to do a biological attack on any country that smallpox is one of the things they might use.
But here's our good buddy Sodom who Romsfeld back just a few years ago was over there sucking his toes, biological weapons on a mainland here, based on what?
Based on the figment of his imagination because they're desperate, they're desperate to justify this war that they've already got drummed up.
We've already, we're already moving all of our goddamn ships over there and all of our armaments were already putting everybody in place.
This is like Tessu again. That's what Bush told the Sodom on the phone here. They said you screwed up all my plans.
When he said, oh, you bring the inspectors back in.
Screwed up all his plans.
The goal is an inspection. The goal is the Sarmament Romsfeld.
So that's what Iraq agreed to do. And of course every week they give us a different story.
First it was a disarmament. Now I'm gonna take that back.
First it was inspections. Then it was disarmament. And then finally it was regime change.
Now they've gone from regime change back to the Sarmament because regime change sounds too much like assassination.
And $200 billion like it sounds like I have a lot too much money to assassinate somebody plus all the lives that would be lost.
Just absolutely unbelievable.
And I'll say it again on a goddamn show last night that Chris Matthews show and he makes me sick by the way.
I'm a Chris Matthews show. Oh, you you should have seen when he asked or just even to about the religion quotes in Playboy.
Yeah. And he gave him the opportunity to like to backtrack or work a lot of it.
And and Jesse says, well, he says, why should I change my comments? Why should I feel bad about it?
He said, what happened on 9-11? That was about religious fanatics. Right on.
And Chris Matthews looks at him with a straight face and says, oh, you think that's what was behind it?
What is that?
This is what you people get from the so called mainstream media, especially the electronic media,
because they're a peon in their pants. They're afraid that they're going to offend some sponsors somewhere.
So they're not going to give you the goddamn truth, especially when it comes to religion.
They're scared, crapless of religion.
And even those college students, a couple of comments he made, they said they're like, like, like how like that?
Because they're all good brainwashed, you know, Americans who had their brains, at least a good part of their brain stolen from them,
believing in the God, bull crap, and the tooth fairy bull crap, and the boogie man bull crap.
And just like that, it's the right head of the day, they said, now, now we're going back to the boogie man stuff.
That's what the bushmeister is, the war mongers, the chicken hocks. That's what they're prepping to the world now, is the boogie man deal.
And I still can't find that song.
What is that? On your boogie man.
Oh, it's there. It's on the KC. It's on a white album, a moist CD.
Okay, in the rack or in a box.
You haven't lost it, George. You still got that great sense of humor.
Oh, it's speaking of rigging poles in the prestigious globe.
All the tabloids, at least some of them came out against it.
And when those tabloids come out, man, I'm on top of them.
I rigged American Idol fan manipulated pudding for Kelly with computer trickery.
So that asshole we got out there likes to dick with our poll.
He's small potatoes. This guy, I'm going to get to the straight minute.
This guy rigged with millions of votes. How do you like that?
Not a couple hundred here and a couple hundred there.
With millions of votes. Do you believe it?
I believe it.
They were saying that. They were saying that along with they smelled a rat.
And it wasn't in China.
How about that rat poison thing?
I think maybe I'm going to have to take back what I said about the Chinese.
I made like a blanket endorsement.
And you, you of course, on the other hand, making a blanket indictment.
So it's all eating barbarians.
The truth is somewhere in between.
There's a z- Do you have any idea how many Chinese people are in Toronto?
I don't know. Million?
50 trillion.
Just to give you an idea, there's not one, not two.
There are three Chinatowns.
Well, where's Chinatown in South Florida, by the way?
Toronto.
Yeah, that's right. There is no Chinatown.
In fact, Miami is the only supposed, and I say supposed, major metropolitan city that don't have a Chinatown.
Whoever heard of like a real major city without a Chinatown, they got plenty everywhere else.
I see.
Why would they go somewhere?
You're just defending because what we got is Cuba Town, not Chinatown.
It begins with a sea.
I don't live there.
In fact, Cuba, see you next time.
We got Cuba Town, not Chinatown.
We're going to take a poll on that one of these days.
What would you rather have in South Florida?
A whole bunch of Cubans or a bunch of chinks, huh?
And I guarantee you the chinks win.
Here, indeed, hands down your pants, even with the right poison.
It's a 19th.
How come I'm so glad they've worked up today?
You know what it is?
It's that clearance who pisses me off, man.
Going in a hiding.
Oh, he's in important meetings, and then we got the goddamn Dave Wantsett.
What the hell is he got to do with a Dave Wantsett?
Was he back to being a flunky producer again with a little cassette recorder?
Remember that day they had the Dave Wantsett, Joanna?
Was it Wantsett?
I was doing Jimmy Johnson was still there.
The coaches show with Hank, and the tape was like all warbled up.
Remember that day?
Sure.
And I am poor muff.
I hope muff's not listening right now, because he was the program director at that time,
and was crappin' in his pants because the tape was, hey coach, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Left hand.
The meeting right now, so we weren't able to deliver that message.
He's in a meeting right now?
Yes.
Well, slip it out of his door and tell me the answer is no.
Anyways, 19-11 at 560 WQM.
Tom Laman has added again in Halifepontic GMC.
They are absolutely doin' it like they always do.
They always give you fantastic deals.
And right now the deal is 0% financing is continuing.
That is correct.
You heard me right with a proof credit from GMAC.
You can get 0% financing up to 36 months on all 2003 Pontiacs and GMC models,
or your choices, or as you can take a rebate of up to 4 grand on all 2002 Pontiacs
or GMC models in stock.
And they got a ton of them.
It's just exactly what you're looking for.
While you're at Halifepontic, be sure and take a look at the complete line of GMC SUVs.
And don't forget, Halifepontic has a dependable selection of great P-owned cars,
trucks, and SUVs on a lot as well.
Credit problems, if you've been turned off or credit by any other car dealer anywhere in the world,
no problem at Halifepontic gets you into a great, newer used car, SUV truck, whatever you're looking for.
So for an unbeatable deal for great service, if you want to be treated right like a human,
no high pressure, no BS, this is the place.
Halifepontic GMC at 134-01 South Texas, Yahweh, that's US 1 across from the falls open every single day of your life,
seven days a week.
For more information, call 305-238-4040, that's 305-238-4040.
If I could go down there, ashtown lemon, who he thinks is the most evil person in Dave County,
he'll tell you.
Halifepontic GMC, we are professional grays.
This is sports radio bicycle QAAM.
Come, Hal, it's down there, kill them.
Oh, it's breaking my track of the water.
Oh, the toilet, we've been deceit and pain.
Oh, it's breaking my body.
It's breaking my neck and I scream.
Oh, a peanut butter, it's no butter.
We've got the beans, look at the rosemary.
It's got the shrimp and the lemon, the garlic, rice.
My fat body is rather breaking the sweat.
My bowels are losing control.
Oh, it's broken.
Feel like a ghost that died.
Do you realize me, when I'm at home?
I got a weird heart, make a fire.
I have no fear, I can't fire.
Welcome.
I've got a trucker trucker burnin' for.
I've got a trucker trucker burnin' for.
I've got a weird heart.
I've got a weird heart.
I've got a weird heart.
I've got a trucker burnin' for.
Okay, 1047, I never want to step on the end of that.
Because it's tough to get off your shoes.
Usually I have to throw them away, you know what?
But that's one of the dangers of being an Amsterdam
and doing a lot of walking like I do.
Doggy do?
Oh, doggy do.
I mean, doggies do a lot.
I, you, everybody must have a dog there.
Stranged dogs too, you don't see like a lot of normal dogs.
You see all these unusual breeds, you know?
For a dog.
I don't like the people there too.
But anyway, there's more dog crap on the streets and the sidewalks.
There because there aren't like a lot of green areas I've put it that before.
Right.
So they just, you know, when you're walking your dog,
it's just squats on the sidewalk or hopefully over.
I told you the one day that I was picking it up and,
oh, Holly was always smearing it around on the sidewalk.
But it's a miracle.
I never got even the slightest drop.
Some close calls, but never the slack.
Because once you get on your shoe, I mean, there's some assholes out there
like take the shoe home and wash it off.
Yeah.
Some shoes you can do that with.
No.
All right.
You think you can.
But the aroma, the aroma will linger.
Just like that number I dropped in the elevator of that.
Like rubber-sold shoes and just gets on the bottom.
You can hose that off.
Yeah, you can hose it off.
Hose.
Yeah.
Of course not everybody else gets their shoes free like I do from New Balance.
But that's a side point.
You know, I just went in Doctor O'Mock in a new pair.
You would, you passed it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, I learned it from some good friends of mine.
Okay.
Get in the freebies.
Jordan's secret deal would allow U.S. forces to use country defend
Israel.
This is in news day today.
I'm on Jordan.
Despite deep opposition in the Arab world, U.S. plans for a war in Iraq.
Jordan and the U.S. are secretly negotiating a deal to let U.S.
forces use the country of Jordan to defend Israel from Iraqi missiles,
according to Western diplomats and Jordanian officials.
To help stabilize this strategically crucial kingdom against internal rebellion
and the event of war, the U.S. will guarantee the replacement of cheap oil
supplies that Jordan now gets from Iraq, the sources said.
You ready for that?
There is that ugly three-letter word again, oil or gas.
With hundreds of Iraqi agents believed to be in Jordan, Jordan faces a particular threat
of terrorism by Iraq's Biden-Telgent Network, intelligence officials in the region and Western
diplomats be saying.
Western intelligence agencies are cooperating with those in the Middle East in preparations to counter
such a threat they said.
Many analysts of the Arab world say U.S. attack on Iraq would risk brought up people against pro-Western
governments such as Jordan's, and this politically fragile kingdom has not publicly agreed
to cooperate with such an attack because of the pro-Irak anti-American passions among many of its
peoples.
But privately, the government of King Abdullah II has decided to work with Washington because
it sees the U.S. as the eventual winner in a fight official set.
In the 1991 Gulf War between Iraq and U.S. led coalition, Jordan suffered diplomatic vilification
for signing with Baghdad.
Jordan's rulers now feel that it would be disastrous for the country to decide with an almost inevitable loser
in a new war the officials be saying.
Jordan and the U.S. had been working together to avoid creating conditions that could cause a popular
uprising here or an attempt to topple Abdul-Affishal said the U.S. will not make request of Jordan
that it knows Jordan politically can't carry out said of Western diplomat.
The real concern is that if something happens between Iraq and Israel, the havoc that Iraq could cause in Jordan.
As part of a delicate agreement still being worked out, U.S. forces would operate covertly from Jordan's
eastern desert to attack mobile missile batteries in Western Iraq that saw him who sang
and could launch on Israel as he did in 1991.
A recent study by London's International Institute of Strategic Studies estimated that Iraq has got only a dozen
scud missiles and none with the equipment to disperse chemical or biological weapons with much efficiency.
I don't like that, huh?
In spite of the propaganda we're hearing from certain quarters in Washington,
like Hermann Gehring, Jr. Rumsfeld for example,
I rigged American Idol.
This is in the globe an exclusive fan-manipulated voting for Kelly with computer trickery.
And there's plenty of pictures here and everything.
And by the way, did I actually say that that kid was cute?
The other William A. Mothafro?
Oh, I think one day in a moment of weakness.
Maybe you had a cataract.
Oh, man, he's gruesome.
Grotesque.
In a bombshell confession exclusive to the globe, an avid American Idol viewer declares he and a pal used the
high-speed telephone dialing device to cast millions of votes each week and fix it so that Kelly Clarkson would win.
After weeks of speculation that the call and results of Fox's mega head-tallant show were skewed by fans using high-tech equipment,
Roy McCoy of Clinton, Texas, he's the real McCoy is the first to come forward and say how it was done.
I rigged American Idol McCoy 66, tells us in a world exclusive,
my friend has access to telephone dialing devices at the telemarketing from where he works in Houston.
And we used it to make millions of phone calls within a single hour.
Do you believe that?
Yeah.
We were unable to manipulate the voting and each week I picked off contestants one by one to make sure that Kelly survived until the end and then one.
I'm manipulating.
Huh?
That explains that.
I'm manipulating.
By manipulating.
The vote.
And eliminating some of her strongest competitors I kept around the show and eventually put her over the top.
I bet he'd like to put her over the top of his lap.
I don't know Kelly, but she was the best and she was from my home state.
I did it for Texas and I'm proud of what he said.
Oh!
McCoy who lives 60 miles outside of Burleson, Kelly's hometown.
Ah! says he got a special joy by eventually knocking off Christina Christian and Tamira Gray, two of the mean judge Simon Kell's favorites.
I can't stand Simon the events I love doing it to him.
McCoy refuses to reveal the identity of his co-conspirator because his buddy fears he may be fired by the telemarketing firm now that the voting scheme has been revealed.
When Glow put McCoy's reading claim to the test, our expert says he's telling the truth.
Here's how McCoy's plot to control American Idol worked.
You want to hear this?
All right.
Every week Fox opened up special tool fee phone lines for each singer immediately after the show.
By dialing the number of their favorite and hanging up, viewers were able to instantly register their votes.
McCoy says his scheme worked by using a high speed computerized dialing device.
Although show executives say the votes from power, power dollars were statistically insignificant.
McCoy claimed that each of the 30 lines running from the device placed up to 120,000 calls in the two-hour period,
allotted for voting each week, allowing him and his co-conspirator to call a staggering 3.6 million times.
We used it to make sure my favorite contestants made it to the final round and my least favorites were booted off the show says McCoy.
If we hadn't used the cast millions and millions of votes for her, Kelly would not have been crowned the winner, he says.
In all fairness, I don't think that every single caller we made counted as a vote because they're probably were busy signals,
but if only 70% of those calls made it through, that's still a lot of votes, millions.
There's been widespread speculation that this was happening.
In August 19th, headline in the Miami Herald Red, phone breaks may be skewing, phone freaks may be skewing idol votes.
The article revealed with fast internet connections and powerful computer auto dialing software, about 100 phone freaks are casting thousands of votes with a touch of a button producer's acknowledge.
Producers of the show acknowledge that. How do you like that? Yeah, I heard that.
An AP story headline fixing American Idol Red, the self-professed phone freaks combine high-tech know-how with powerful auto dialing software, similar to what those pesky telemarketers employ, and fast internet connections to make upward of 10,000 calls from a single phone line.
And that's just what McCoy says he did from the tiny Clinton, a clipped in population 3,500 were the retired heavy equivalent operator lives with his wife, Mimia 37 and son Roy Jr. 6.
What's his wife's name Mimie? I have tripled bypass heart surgery last year.
So these days I spend most of my time recovering in the lazy board recliner parked in front of our color TV McCoy says from the very first time I saw American Idol I was hooked.
I wanted either Kelly or Nikki McKibbin to win because they're both from Texas. That's a good reason in it. Sure.
He points out that both singers had close calls and were nearly eliminated, but says his millions of votes saved them.
And when popular Christina Christian was voted, the people of America didn't know that my votes for the others helped do it, Bragg's McCoy.
And just for the hell of it, my sister Johnny Lockelier, his sister Johnny Lockelier and I would hit up the redial on our personal phones and vote as many times as we could, even as the telemarketing equipment was running.
In other words, it was a feeding frenzy. He says August 20 was the last night he manipulated the contest. All I had to do was make sure Tamir received the least number of votes.
And my three favorites, Kelly, Nikki and Justin will be the last one standing. He says once again the great Simon Callick can be thanked for helping me decide to give Tamir the mood because of his predictions that she dominated the contest.
The last thing I wanted he said was for one of Simon's predictions to come through. How do you like this?
Yep, all makes sense now.
Uh huh. Another man with no life.
My and local here sports video 560. You a. M.
Baby, come play with these titties.
In this time.
No surprise.
Oh, my dear.
Wow.
Chuchucho.
Chuchucho.
Chuchucho.
Chuchucho.
Chuchucho.
Porcho.
Out of sight out of mind, baby. He's a distant third at the moment.
Vistin third.
You turn.
Who's the most evil person in South Florida?
We have today because the search for evil doers is hot and heavy all around the globe all over the universe.
Oh, I got a great story about the universe, by the way.
Do you see the Italians discovered water on distant planets?
No.
But we'll get to that.
Can't wait.
Anyway, we got 231 votes.
Mayor Alex Penga-Pakina has got a very tiny lead just a hair a twisted hair ahead.
He's got 67 H. Wayne High Pinguas got 64.
So it's a battle of the Pinguas.
Joe Carrillo 40.
Mojauer David 32.
Greg Reed 15.
Nick Navarro has got eight and four PD boulders still has only five.
So I guess the array, of course all the radio people are probably at the soup kitchen.
The people he screwed over.
And certainly probably had a pond near computers anywhere. So I know how they vote.
They have computers at the library.
Oh no, Cowboys legend Bob Hayes dead at 59.
Remember Bob Hayes?
No.
Who was at one time the fastest man on earth?
Well, you should know that that he was the fastest.
He died?
Bob Hayes, the legendary Dallas Cowboys receiver and Olympic gold medal sprinter died late Wednesday at 59.
The fastest runner of his generation has died in his hometown of Jacksonville, Florida,
where he had battled liver and kidney illness and prostate cancer.
Oh boy.
Chance hospital spokeswoman Joanna Norris said the time of death was 1115 p.m. last night.
In 1964 the Cowboys took a chance on the former Florida A&M star with blazing speed.
But unrefined football skills.
His rookie season with the Cowboys proved it was worth the risk as he led the NFL and average yards per catch.
Almost 40 years later, Gil Brandt admits he bent the rules and his recruitment of Hayes to play for the Cowboys.
Now the draft that Hayes is a future pick in 64. He's still a hundred year college ball to play at A&M.
And in Olympics to run in Tokyo, but Brandt, the Cowboys personal director at the time,
wasn't going to lose this unique speed to drive to the rival American football league, yada yada, whatever.
He's dead.
Bob Hayes is dead.
Well, that's depressing.
Here's the fact from Eddie and Homestead, who says I support our leaders in this possible war on Iraq.
When you get to the land less sentenced in here, it'll give you a tip off where Eddie's coming from.
He says Homestead.
I support our leaders in this possible war on Iraq.
I also believe in free speech, but you're wrong, Neil.
We need to wipe out all those people who want to hurt this country and its citizens to include your beloved Chinese.
Eddie and Homestead, PS, love your show till noon.
Can't imagine where he goes over at noon, can I?
Party radio.
Oh, poor Eddie.
Poor Eddie wants to hear all that right-wing bull crap.
How's a good time with it, Eddie?
How's a good time you and flush?
Maybe you can alope.
New sports song.
I can't make out the thing on here.
It's all black.
No, I don't send it to me anyway.
Nobody cares about that.
Let's get to the important stuff.
One of the winners, I think, was the best new artist at the Latin Grammys last night in Los Angeles.
Was a Cuban singer.
Did you see that?
No.
It was a Cuban.
What's a damn good thing?
Now, what's this?
Glenn and Staten Island.
It was closed temporarily because investigators were looking into a suspicious package on the bridge there,
but they sniffed it all out and apparently things were there.
It's nothing.
Okay.
Let us, don't put this breaking news crap on there unless you got something good at CNN.
You idiots, you grave robbers, you lunatic.
I tell you who to me is one of the worst.
I mean, just unknowing his hell.
Is that red-haired, bad-haired piece, Aaron Brown?
You know what I'm talking about?
Yes.
He is the whineiest, most syrupy, and he, and he pontificates.
He editorializes.
He was on there the other night.
He isn't, it's not enough for him just to be a news guy, which is all he's supposed to be,
but he's on there pontificating and preaching to us.
And about, well, you know, there are some people who actually suggest that the Bush administration wants to invade Iraq because of oil.
And he's going on with all these ridiculous comments that I'm screaming at the set.
Here, I'm channel surfing.
I'm going from MSNBC over to CNN.
Here, let's just suggest in case there might be something going on like the end of the world, something minor like that.
Yeah.
And there's that asshole.
He really is.
He's pathetic.
He is the epitome of what's happening to CNN.
No wonder Fox is kicking the rags.
I mean, Fox may have a lot of right-wing propaganda, and they might have idiots out there who have no idea what they're talking about.
But at least they're entertaining.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Not most seriously.
I accept it at Morning Show.
The Morning Show on Fox.
Oh my God.
I don't want clown news.
Yeah.
The clowns.
The Morning Clowns.
Everything is a big joke.
And the sports guy.
He's the expert on the world of fears.
He knows everything about everything.
He's not just the sports guy.
He's a weather guy and a news guy and a foreign affairs expert.
And an everything expert.
Fox.
And that's the only reason they have an audience is because CNN is just a no wonder AOL time order is going to crap out.
Do you see that?
Yes.
Man, they are in the turlough.
Under three bucks for some micro systems, by the way, $2 in change.
Oh, these companies.
You think they're going out of business?
That was another one of mid-church's favorite lines.
You think they're going out of business?
Yeah, probably.
Speaking of Cuban, the CIA had a segue going here.
I got all whipped up because I'm whipped up today.
I'm whipped up today because Clarence Shine poor Carlos there.
Who doesn't deserve that?
Nobody on our show deserves that kind of treatment.
Okay, Clarence.
But all you care about is those stupid ass sports shows and the goddamn coach show.
As a matter of fact, oh, if it's in Miami, I might even go to that.
I'm not going to get my goddamn tickets back.
I wouldn't go that I wouldn't go to that.
October six.
October.
I won't be there.
And now which game is that is the one that the one in Miami?
Oh, yeah, sure.
Keep asking.
Well, it'll say they're on the schedule.
No, no, somebody just called it over the little speakerphone thing.
Oh, well, where are they playing?
October six.
Is that one in Miami?
Is that the game in the wingland?
We'll wait.
We'll wait.
We'll find out.
Come on.
Let's get with it.
Okay, fat boy.
He's probably the one that he just sent me.
The game is here.
The game is here October six.
Gee, I won't be able to see that there.
But I'll see it here.
I'll be sitting in front of my big screen TV, having a great time with my NFL package.
Cuba reject US terror charges.
And they're pissed off and fired up about it too.
I saw a clip on this last night.
Cuba denied US allegations that it's a verdict of the American-led war on terrorism,
challenging Washington yesterday to produce any evidence that it provided false leads on potential terrorist activities.
I don't think you heard that story yesterday because you were out taking them on your 14 cramps.
Yes.
In a tough statement, Cuban Foreign Minister Felipe Perez-Rok charged that the United States rejected a Cuban offer to cooperate in anti-terrorism efforts and was tried to manipulate a serious issue for political purposes.
He was responded in accusations Tuesday by Dan Fisk, the deputy assistant secretary of state for the Western Hemisphere, that tips from Cuba, which began the day of non-loving terror attacks and have been arriving almost monthly, had let American investigators on intentional wild goose chases and diverted resources from legitimate targets.
Kind of like the verdict of resources with those pot raids in Santa Cruz, California.
All of his accusations against Cuba are false and slanderous Perez-Rok said in a statement.
I challenge Mr. Fisk to produce a single piece of evidence to support his allegations.
He wouldn't respond directly when asked whether Cuba has provided any information to the US government about possible terrorist activities since 9-11.
Perez-Rok distributed a marked 12 letter to the West in which Cuba offered a sign, a bilateral agreement to cooperate in the fight against terrorism, drug trafficking and illegal migration.
He read the answer received on June 13th, which said the State Department would not be in a position to consider bilateral cooperation on those issues.
There is no argument to justify the irrational reaction by the Bush administration of Cuba's proposal to sign bilateral agreements, he said.
Cuba has been under a US trade embargo since shortly after President Fidel Castro defeated the CIA of Act invasion of the prison in 1961.
His Kami Pico Nations continued to vex subsequent US administrations.
Fisk said that despite Cuba's friendly ties with nations like Iran, Iraq and Syria, Havana's provided the US with nothing of value and charged the Castro's government was actually impeding our efforts to defeat the threat of terrorism.
Perez-Rok stated that Cuba's strong, weak and demilanied 11 attacks offering medical assistance and use of its airports.
In the middle of the anthrax attacks, Cuba donated 100 million antibiotic tablets to the US intersection in Havana and offered equipment to screen germs and break up anthrax stains.
But Fisk charged about Cuba's expressing its horror over the attacks and willingness to provide medical supplies and was seeking to misdirect the investigation.
So who do you believe? Do you believe that Perez-Rok?
Although I do like saying his name a lot.
You don't believe him? I don't believe anything that they were doing was just for PR purposes.
You know what? I don't believe any of them. How do you like that? I think they're all full of crap because they all got their own agenda.
See. Things that were avoided. So I guess another way of saying that is that your administration and successive administrations have to be right every time, every single time.
Richard Armidage, how do you like that? He said if there's no room for error, no room for mistakes.
You go, go, go.
What? I said you go, girl.
245 votes on our poll. Now how's it speaking of that? How's Muffin doing? Is he out of his meeting yet?
Yeah. And we told him and yeah, don't worry about it.
I'm not at least bit worried about it.
He'll get the engineers to take care of whatever needs to be taken care of.
Get the engineers to get it all undiddled and give this place a little bit of a tune up when I'm out of here where there's no emergency on it.
Like I said, and see, I know what they're going to say. Well, see, he was all in a big row rush about the other day. I wasn't in a big rush.
I just mentioned that it needed to be taken care of. And I thought it was something on your rent.
Most of the technical problems always on that end. Yes. Yeah. Not even a contest.
Just like this morning, we had a little bit of a facts problem. I got my log about four seconds before the show.
Was it Georgia's problem? No. Was it Carlos's problem? No.
It was a facts problem on that end. It was another technical problem down there. Everything is a piece of crap.
The phone line wasn't working. Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
I just mentioned that in passing.
245 votes on a pool. Ask me if I give a crap. Okay. Do you give a crap?
Just keep those checks coming. Clarets. Keep the checks coming.
I don't care if you pay Carlos or not. I shouldn't say that. No, I do care if he pays Carlos.
No, see what they're probably thick is. Oh, well, Neil will throw a few bucks.
I'm not going to give Carlos. I mean, he does a fine job. He's helping us with the computer stuff. He's a good guy.
But for crying out loud if he were so ugly, you know, just a joke, Carlos. That's all George.
Okay, that I'm going to be business all George tried to deflect his own pastiness. You know, that it's all George.
Oh, he's just a pasty anyway. Well, that may be, but you're just trying to deflect it away to another pasty guy.
That's all you're not fooling us. Just remember what he's a look alike one said.
Want to go out there and break that **** guys neck? Yeah, that's what he said.
Well, I'm glad to see now with Muff. He doesn't over react. He's got this whole new attitude.
He went and like, he, you know, he come down for a couple of months. He got away from Greg Reed from Maddie Bell from the water Nazi from Mo.
He got away from all of that stuff. So he's a mellow fellow now. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Yes he is.
Right. He's limb by the way. I don't know if you noticed because you can't see him.
If I notice what over the phone. Yeah. He's I told him I said, you know, Muff, you sound as thin as a rail. Right.
Lost some weight. He said he's feeling great and that's good.
I just bug off and don't bother us. Muff. Okay. Get a hold of that clearance and shake him by the neck.
See now that's see. Muff is above clearance. You don't understand that. Oh, I know. I don't.
I have no idea how that works. Yeah. He's because he's the operations man.
It was only the program director. So he's above clearance. And of course,
clearance is getting nervous about it. 240 some votes here. Wayne High Pingo is got 71.
And see now somebody that guy's got to be dick and you know what I'm saying? Yeah.
Pingo pick. What is it? High Zenga 71. Pingo. Picking is 70. The only one photo part.
Real carroyo 42. He's no. He's no Roke. I just like to see you can really ours.
If the R is the first letter, the word much easier. Can't you? Right. Roke.
Hmm. Real carroyo 42. Mojjara David 36. Greg Reed 15. Nick Navarro 8.
And see in the middle of a words harder. And Peter bulges up to seven on ice. Go on,
PD. I think somebody people whose lives just screwed over.
Probably a borrowed a friend's computer to vote on there. Just to register.
They're complaint about what a piece of turd you are. Am I doing the wrong?
I'm going. Oh, that's why I have to go back to my pile of repeats back here.
You know I'm saying I've power repeats. It's a 13 past 11 at 560 WQM with your busy lifestyle.
You need all the energy you can to feel healthy, especially in South Florida.
What's about 142 degrees in the shade every day and humidity is 200%.
Old you might can't help you do that because old you met as a sensational new product.
Old you might contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins, minerals,
herbals and these things promote health for your heart.
They have a product specifically designed for your blood pressure,
your cholesterol and your prostate. All in little soft gel capsule.
You just pop in your pus.
All you met also makes supplements to promote health in your circulatory system,
your digestive system, your endocrine system, your skin and your bones.
All using even one for your mind using the benefits of great olive oil.
The best thing you'll find anywhere and old you met makes products for men and ladies too.
We're following all this good. Fix them up today at Whole Food Market.
Walgreens, sedanos and demoral pharmacies.
And if you'd like to get more information about Walgreens,
about Walgreens, call Marcy. If you want more information about Oliomid,
call 1-866 Oliomid. That's 1-866 Oliomid, which you can also order online if you like.
On their Nifty website, OliomidAmerica.com.
That's my life and look all season sports radio five cities.
You weigh in, weigh in.
Get off your duck.
Recall meat has bacteria.
Throw up four-on-a-pea with explosive
diarrhea. The pepecazicolide.
You really should be cautious. You could get dairy nauseous.
The cows are victorious. The pepecazicolide.
So if you're going to eat it, in the bowl you will leave it.
On the getting up to vomit. The pepecazicolide.
Oh, and I didn't even realize that this McDonald's stir was coming into it at the same time.
You know what? How about that? Because the reason I played that was the lead into this story.
Judge, dismisses B-Plaud suit against Oprah. How do you like them apples, huh?
You'll never guess what I'm eating to show you how my mind works.
I did the Oliomid spot. I went out to my refrigerator and guess what I brought back?
Fish food.
Olives. Oh.
Fish food. Are you crazy? Are you nuts?
Olives. I just did that. I was talking about olive oil. How good is this for you?
I just had a few little olives here. Green ones I hope. Yes, with pamentos.
Don't you love olives with pamentos? I do. Well, real pamentos anyway. You can't get that anymore.
What do you mean by that? It's all pimento loaf. It's like a pimento.
Well, I'm sure eventually this will turn into pimento loaf, but that's beside the point.
Anyway, we got that overweight teen swing McDonald's stir coming. But the reason I played that was
because Oprah, Judge, dismisses B-Plaud suit against Oprah.
A federal judge has dismissed a lingering lawsuit that accused Oprah when
free of violating Texas veggie libel law by maligning the beef industry.
US District Judge Murray Robinson threw out all claims and causes of action asserted or that
could have been asserted by cactus feeding club Inc against Oprah when free her production
company and vegetarian activist Howard Lyman. I wonder if he's related to Frankie Lyman.
The lawsuit filed a 1998 was similar to another lawsuit filed two years earlier than went to
trial at Robinson's court. The first suit caused Oprah to move her talk show to Amarillo
for several episodes during the trial. After she won the first case, 138 livestock owner
suit her again. The second case was quickly moved back to Robinson's court and had sat there
for four years. It was kind of a soft landing to a hard trial set attorney chip Babcock,
who represented Winfrey. Cactus chairman and chief executive officer Paul Engler,
who was behind both lawsuits, said Tuesday he agreed that dismissal because he believes he won
in the court of public opinion. We had two objectives in the initial suit, Engler said in the statement.
One was to recover the tremendous losses we experienced. The second was to prove our
to our consumers that America's beef is wholesome and nutritious.
Cattleman contended in both suits that Lyman violated Texas veggie libel law during a 1996
episode of the Oprah Winfrey show by saying US beef could be a risk of spreading mad cow disease.
The incurable illness blamed for several human deaths in England has not been detected in US
herds before the show or in the six and a half years since. Now, one case, it don't exist here,
okay? And she ought to put her fat ass on death row is what they ought to do. Oprah,
that's what I'm talking about. And by the way, yeah, since I got another Oprah story right here,
a segue, it wasn't beef. It wasn't beef sweetheart that beefed you up to 275 pounds. This is in the
star on page seven. My God. Rolly, poly Oprah squeezes into smaller size on TV.
Remember, I had this one about a week or two ago and the other I think was in the inquire.
The pictures are heard with a, oh brother. Want to lose more than 10 pounds instantly with no
dieting. All you have to do is get on the Oprah show. The five foot seven talk queen who is packed
on 45 pounds recently and now weighs in at 275. Invested in a new high-tech camera lens device
that ever so slightly stretches each frame without distortion and magically makes everyone
a tad smaller and slimmer. It's called the partial squeeze lens. Do you ever have a like a
partial squeeze? And it's one of the image conscious Hollywood's best kept secrets. Experts say
the slimming technology reduces the weight of an actor by 8 to 10 percent and earlier less
sophisticated version of the equipment was used to make performers like Paula Abdulina in their
sources say the thrilled Oprah 48 feels the camera's worth its weight in gold. How do you like that?
And it wasn't beef. They made you a big fat cow. Okay, sweetheart. Cow's don't eat beef.
They the pringles and all the other stack crap. This is always famous for sucking down by the
the pound load. K and C. Oh yeah, that's right. I forgot about the star about the big chicken right
there. A big bucket of chicken in her lap. A greasy bucket of chicken and the Cheetos and
the Toastitos. Man, nothing worse than a big fat schfarzer with a bucket of KFC in front of them,
you know, like like a network in network. You remember that scene? Yeah, the great Mohammed Con with
his Hussade Chaco. What the FU talking about? I'm going to make you a star just like Archie Bunker.
God, that movie was so good. But what can I say? I know what do I know? Overweight teen files big fat
lawsuit against McDonald's. We know that much. Thanks to somebody faxing them to us. Thank you.
Two teenagers with big mid-section seven, even bigger beef with McDonald's. Their parents on
behalf of the youths have filed a class action lawsuit against the fast food giant saying the
chain's unhealthy meals made them obese, which caused them to develop severe health problems,
including heart disease, su the ass, su that Mickey D. John, a John Banzaff, a George Washington
university law professor of Pioneer Lawsuits against tobacco firms is acting as an advisor on the
case. He said children often are unable to resist the chain's playgrounds, happy meals, and toy
promotions often tied to the release of popular movies. Children clearly are not capable of making
health-related decisions. He said McDonald's tries to attract children has an obligation to them.
Attorney Samuel Hirsch filed a suit in the New York Supreme Court in the Bronx in late August.
The suit comes just weeks after he filed another suit against McDonald's Burger King, KFC,
and Wendy's on behalf of a 270-pound New York City maintenance worker. Van Walker,
Caesar Barber 56, had developed diabetes and suffered two heart attacks after eating the greasy
fare from the fast food restaurants four or five times a week for decades. Banzaff and why not?
If they can sue the tobacco companies for products that are legal and yet lethal, why can't they
do the same thing to these people? Don't you agree? Of course, it would be hypocritical otherwise.
Banzaff said just like a typical government on a one-hand to subsidize tobacco growers,
and then on the other hand, tell you that it's going to kill you. Quit smoking.
And then to make it illegal to smoke almost anywhere in a goddamn world and allow people to sue
the companies. Banzaff said that while Barber's suit is still snaking its way through the court
system, Hurses decided to focus more on the suit involving children since children can't be
expected to be personally responsible for their health. Hurs did not respond to repeated phone calls.
The suit filed on behalf of two teenagers, famous in McDonald's, and that's Greg Reed's disease.
You know how it's spreading? Nobody returns any phone calls. It's like parents doing that
disappearing act. Does anybody see them yet today? Yeah, we saw him he popped in here.
And what do you say? That he won't see Carlos after the show. I'm going to tell you right now,
okay? If that's some of the bitch doesn't see Carlos after the show today, I'm taking him
our off and the next week too. And this is getting ridiculous. He wasn't like a apologetic or,
like I said, he's forgot about it. Is dog peed on the carpet or something? He said he was in the
kitchen. He was in the kitchen. That's what he said. Dina. Yeah, he was in the kitchen with vagina.
He said he had an ordered lunch so he wouldn't have to step out and I must have not seen him in the
kitchen. I got news for a carousel wouldn't know of a vagina if he found one on his desk just all by
itself. Show him that picture on a wall back there of my voice box. He saw it. What do you think
it was? No, I don't I don't even tell me. Bands have said that while Barbara suit is still all we
already did that. The suit found on behalf of two teenagers, friends of McDonald's,
contributed to their poor health and obesity by enticing them to consume larger portions through
the use of value meal advertisements without disclosing the health effects. The youth are asking
that a jury decide how much they should be paid for the harm that they've suffered. They also
want the court to order McDonald's to do more to publicize the dietary content of their products
including an educational program on the dangers of eating certain items. Although the age of
the use hasn't been released, Hershey's office said one of the kids is five foot nine and weighs
270 pounds. Well, the other is five foot three and weighs 200 pounds. Not not even in the B54
and 284. I mean, he was. But we're saving his life. Good for us.
Well, that's right. What's his name? Gary Siner want me to rotate the coffee?
Oh, let me look in here and see if I can find the other piece of stellar copy that I got from
my good post friend, Gary Siner this one. And by the way, Gary, the answer on that other thing is
still absolutely no. I don't trade out talent fees. Okay. You scumbag. You silly professional Jew.
VIP sportsbook.com is that name sound familiar? What I should because VIP sportsbook.com is one of
the original online sports books and still the best football season started. Have you heard
and have you heard about us? No. Now give us a chance. With no, with no comma, no period, no
nothing. I'm getting rid of that piece of copy. Let's go back to the other one. I'd be embarrassed if
I was you, Gary Siner. I'd be embarrassed and humiliated and degraded. And if you weren't on the
on the edge of Greg's inner circle there, your answer had been out of there a long time ago.
Is there still anybody out there who's not playing at VIP sportsbook.com? Then I have to tell you,
you're missing out on a really great sports book. Okay. You hear a lot of ads these days, but you
need to do some research before you're pumped down your hard earned cash at some unstable third world
sportsbook like in Cemetery Village. Let me help you out VIP sportsbook.com is the only book
to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs. They're Dutch based. Now we're talking my language
and one of the first online sports books. Seriously, if you want to go on a roll of a lifetime,
you'd want to be with the best sportsbook out there at the time. And of course that's VIP sportsbook.com.
The football season is in full force. You need to be with the best at VIP sportsbook.com. If you want
to better look, we're let so open an account online and get a 15% cash sign up bonus or cat manzy.
Then I mentioned they have the highest probably odds you'll find up to 2001 or Jackie Moe.
Get over to VIP sportsbook.com and play a book with class. Their phone number is 866 VIP vets.
That's 866 VIP vets. So what are you waiting for? Go to VIP sportsbook.com. Get your 15% sign up bonus.
VIP sportsbook.com when you call me sure and tell them Gary Siner of Buttplug.
This is 440560.
You ain't can way.
Lay down on my couch.
Planning your next vacation?
Looking for excitement in exotic locations?
Then make your next pleasure trip a memorable one.
Visit Palestine.
Relax as you dine and newly remodeled open air restaurant.
Marvelous review of the morning sunrise from your open air hotel room.
Experience the cultural differences between Israel and Palestine and Batch Israel again.
All from the comfort of the local marketplace as it changes hands each day.
You'll be blown away.
So plan your next excursion to the land of Enchantment.
Palestine.
We're just a stone's throw away from the Gaza Strip and the groin.
Andrew.
On the 32 at 560 W.
If you're in anywhere there's more of that story.
I don't want to read the whole thing but just apparently the two of these two kids have been
eating McDonald's several times a week for years.
Walt Reicher, a spokesman for McDonald's, had such suits have no merit.
He said the chainsaws, the same kind of quality food, beef, milk, chicken,
lettuce, potatoes that families eat in their homes every day.
You eat the same food as McDonald's in your home every day?
Oh, when they put it that way but no.
Loaded with like just tons of bad.
No, we don't fry everything.
And grease deep fried in the water.
So I have a sympathy for these parents who was taking them there who was paying for the food.
Let's sue the parents.
Let's take the children away from them.
Okay.
McDonald's is a full menu restaurant providing variety and choices.
Riker said, like for example, if you might get like a nice lean steak,
wouldn't you go to McDonald's?
Oh, yeah.
He said the chain makes comprehensive nutrition information available on the company's website.
www.scumbag.com.
And that children are becoming overweight due to increasingly sedentary lifestyle.
The suits have resulted in a super size round of mockery from some consumer and industry groups.
The notion that there is no parental authority over these children is ridiculous.
I thought you just said that.
Oh.
Said Mike Buddy, booty, booty, booty.
He spoke to him for the Center for Consumer Freedom and Organization representing
restaurant operators and individuals who want to preserve consumer choice.
Do little kids deal their parents car keys and drive themselves to McDonald's?
He said the suits have got more to do with fattening attorney wallets than thinning customers.
Experts say the fast suits are a natural outgrowth of tobacco litigations,
say, and that courtroom is going to expect to see more of them in the future.
Like we just said, holding moments ago.
Speaking of fat, what a great segue.
Guess who this story is about?
Fat?
Rosie.
Oh.
Pulse plug on Rosie.
Yeah.
Former talk show host Rosie O'Donnell abruptly quitter namesake magazine.
Yesterday, citing a deteriorating relationship with the magazines,
publisher Gruner and Jar.
Yarr.
O'Donnell said Gruner and Jar, that's what the J have been.
I'm glad to take control away from her in violation of their contract and it was no longer
feasible for the magazine to continue.
The last issue will be in December.
I'm sorry to have to tell my readers and my staff that my involvement in the magazine is ending,
but my integrity and nameless stake in that price is too high.
O'Donnell said at a news conference, I can't have my name on a magazine.
I cannot be assured it'll represent my vision and ideas.
No lawsuits have been filed, but both suits have sides of hired lawyers.
And in a memo sent to employees, Gruner and Jar indicated it blames O'Donnell.
It is truly shocking and disappointing that Rosie would walk away from her obligations to her staff,
her business partner and her magazine audience,
in doing so she destroys the value of the business we created and violates the conditions
of our binding contract, the memo said.
The magazine debuted in April 2001 as part of a partnership to revive struggling McCall's magazine.
O'Donnell won six day time in and in six years as best talk show host.
But she ended the Rosie down low show and may say she was leaving to raise a family
and do other things.
I believe it's your imagination as to what those other things might be.
You don't want to be saying?
I know.
Maybe she's going to go into carpet business on the side too.
Hey, that's up to her, okay?
She's a big fat dyke and we can't stand her.
Not because she's a dyke, but just because she's obnoxious.
Speaking of obnoxious, the statue of the falling women,
which they've been making a big simmiss about the thing in New York,
a design as a memorial to those who jumped or fell to their death from the World Trade Center
was abruptly draped in cloth and curtained off winds,
maybe because they complained that it was due to disturbing.
We apologize if anyone was upset or offended by this play of this sculpture,
it was certainly not our intent.
The piece will be removed this evening since Susan Halpin spoke to him in the Rockefeller Center,
meaning last night.
Eric Fischel's bronze, tumbling woman,
depicts a naked woman with arms and legs flailing.
It went on to you about a week ago at the lower concourse of Rockefeller Center,
and was supposed to remain on display through Monday.
Maybe outside Eric Clapton's joint, they can have a picture of like a falling little kid.
They can have like a statue.
Okay, I think it was ridiculous.
Bad taste.
No more its news photos captured images of desperate people leaving with their deaths as the
110 story towers burned also in bad taste.
Some passions by Rockefeller Center complained the sculpture with too graphic.
I don't think that it dignifies their deaths, Paul Abbott's not art.
It's very disrupting when you see it.
Some on Lekker said there's a need for art that captures the horror of 9-11.
I don't think it's in bad taste.
Christine DeFancy said before the statue was covered.
It's an artist reaction to what happened.
The sculpture wasn't meant to hurt anybody.
Fischel said in the statement.
It was in serious expression of the deepest sympathy for the vulnerability of the human condition,
both specifically to the victims of 9-11 and toward humanity in general.
I'm sorry, I just don't think.
Especially this close to the anniversary, just a week ago.
I don't think that people are ready for that to see.
Artistic depictions of people wailing and falling and gnashing.
I don't think it's too cool.
It's gone.
It's gone anyway.
We'll see it no more.
Here's something we're seeing now for the first time.
This story I told you about.
Attacking astronomers have found signs of water,
a necessary ingredient for life in the atmosphere of plants,
orbiting distant stars.
All right.
Having water doesn't mean other plants will be teeming with life,
like say, China.
But if the discovery is confirmed, it'll fuel speculation that it could be possible.
This would be a historic discovery.
The first detection of prebiotic molecules in the extra solar planet,
Cristiano Cosmovici, of the Institute for Cosmic and Planetary Science and Roam,
told new scientists magazine yesterday.
Cristiano Cosmovici, his team used a 32-meter radio telescope to search for water
measure emissions.
What's measure?
You really want to know?
Yeah.
It's like a laser, but with microwaves instead of light.
So what's wrong with that?
Oh, okay.
Just no science battle.
Well, it took about three seconds.
Okay.
What's Julio Lieberman doing on there?
Sure, it's partner.
The great John McCain.
Where is he?
Oh, geez.
Oh, please, please help us.
If there's anybody on those planets, please set us help.
His team used a 32-meter radio telescope to search for water measure emissions,
tell tale microwaves which could indicate water in the plant's atmosphere,
where it's bathed in the infrared light of its star.
Cosmovici said his team found the emissions in three planetary systems.
Hugh Jones of Liverpool, John Moore's University, said it could be an exciting
first step in the search for signs of life on other planets.
Waters have to tap on the shopping list for the ingredients for life he told the magazine.
Not as much water as that family in Utah made their water,
their daughter's not quite that much.
Not quite that much.
Were they Mormons?
No.
Were they morons?
Well, I don't know what they were.
Didn't say.
But one can only assume Utah.
Yeah, Utah.
What a great place that is to apply.
Although I will say on the interstate,
there have driven through it, I think, real fast.
That could have been 180 miles an hour.
Just floor it, baby.
Get on through there real quick before or in snatch grabs you,
before you get snatched.
It's on airs, John McCain.
Undermind their work.
He's looking a lot better by the way.
His head finally healed up.
Please.
We have to have a comprehensive assessor.
Oh, turn the other way, John.
You're showing your bad side.
Pictures that led up to the tragedy of 9-11.
Yeah, they offered an amendment to this Homeland Security Bill that would create
an independent 9-11 commission,
which is a good idea.
Let's have some independent people investigate here,
instead of like John Ascroff investigating.
Scary.
What a scary bunch.
Hey, any down at home,
stay at a good luck, just sweetheart.
Okay, remember, there's nothing more dangerous than a brain.
So you're safe.
Hey, Pizza Locker, some of the world's best goodies, man.
In fact, what's today?
Today?
Eight, 19th.
Right.
One of these days, they're going to be opening that new location.
And we're going to be getting a breathless call from Jeff Cohen.
And he's going to say, today's the day.
Oh!
Can't wait.
I guarantee you by the time that I'm home that it's going to be open.
And I'll be in there.
I'll be in there with Belzahn,
with my good friend Marcy from Walgreens,
for a nice, free meal.
I'll even bring the rimmers in there.
I'll come all the way over from the other location
to that one, just to help inaugurate it for a nice,
free meal.
By the way, speaking of the rimmers, don't forget,
Panthers at Montreal tonight.
Mo won't let Gellie talk about it,
but we'll talk hockey on this show a little bit.
I mean, he chopped him off this morning like,
like he had just said,
the Yamama or something.
I mean, it was incredible.
All he had to do was like whisper hockey.
And that was the end of that.
Anyway, Jeff Cohen is, he likes hockey a little bit.
He likes, yeah, a little bit.
Anyway, Tuesday is eggplant night.
Monday is lasagna night.
These are some of the special things
they have going on to pizza loft every week.
Buy one of these dives on these nights,
get the second one for only five bucks.
Every Wednesday kids eat free with adults,
and they can see Jeff's famous magic show
and wildest magician whips it out for him.
Every Thursday night is biker night at the loft.
Come on a motorcycle by one dinner,
get the second for half price.
And of course, they got it all.
They got all your Italian favorites,
chicken dishes,
and veal, and cow zones,
and super subs,
seafood, three different kinds of great pizza.
Garlic rolls just dripping with garlic
that are the best, the most delicious,
you've ever popped in your mouth.
They've got everything fresh and delicious,
big portions,
and teeny tiny prices too.
Pizza loft around the university
drive between Griffon and 595,
right by the Armandolo Cafe
and behind Pierwin and ports.
Tons and tons of free parking waiting for you
for takeout for delivery for catering
any event called 9-5-4-916-8880.
9-5-4-916-8880,
and don't forget,
Pizza loft is coming any second now.
Of course, in Jeff's case,
it's always the case.
He's probably going to be coming any minute
to the new location and plantation
corner,
now he'll unseunerized
right behind precious Walgreens.
Then any second now,
wouldn't you say?
Right now, soon.
And maybe right now.
5 and the local
of this city's 560s.
The radio's all yours.
Come here,
Q&A!
Tongues too young.
In our ongoing mission to make everything
that is good and decent,
looks ridiculous as possible,
we have mercilessly taken a falling material out of context.
We've done so without endorsement or permission
from those depicted.
We hope we've succeeded in reaching our goal,
or at least major laugh.
Oprah,
everyone is interested.
So I might as well ask it.
It's not my normal area.
Are you going to get married or what?
The honest,
no.
No, I mean,
no, because I've been doing Dr. Phil, actually.
Really?
Yeah, almost every day.
But speaking of that,
you were going to do a Clinton.
Yeah, I did.
I blew that one.
Oh.
And then you want to do
you haven't done.
What I really want to do the most is
Martha,
no, no, no,
I'm, I'm looking at Oprah.
Yes, go away.
I'm gone.
What a thought.
Let me 40 and so close to lunchtime.
And by the way, speaking of Dr. Phil,
that is a CBS show.
Carlos informed me before the show today.
Did I say that yesterday that I was pretty sure it was?
I don't recall.
It is.
Carlos gave me the information and he hasn't even got paid yet.
He's already providing important information like that.
But anyway,
it is a CBS show.
The only deal I'm trying to tell you is that they tape it here
every day.
And they show it at the regular the old time.
Three to four guiding light.
Not Dr. Phil.
In fact, Dr. Phil's on another network.
Now, that's interesting.
Dr. Phil is being picked up by a station here.
That's an NBC affiliate.
How's that possible?
I guess that's because the local CBS affiliate said,
no thanks or something.
I don't know.
I just don't know.
Well, it's complicated here because the cable system here,
I guess like most cable systems,
they do, and especially here since it's not an American cable system,
they do whatever they want.
You see what I'm saying?
Right.
So if they want to put global shows on channel 16 on my cable,
they put that on there.
If they want to put CBS on there,
part of the time,
they do whatever they want.
It's the Canadian FN way,
A.
We like it.
By the way,
something we forgot to mention.
Yes, something very important.
It's not about that new show that's going to be on
preceding us with a great lead in with Norm Kent.
No, something that's happening today,
something that starts today that I just noticed on the calendar.
I'll give you a hint.
The Kampi KAT.
Yeah.
See, I've got it right before the first note came out.
KAT, I mentioned that's the norm Kent last time
in our brief conversation.
And I forgot to mention about,
he better get your new contract done or else.
He is less than, by the way,
he does listen to the show.
Yeah.
Take care of George.
Okay, it's about time somebody did.
And take care of Carlos.
In fact, let's get a contract for Carlos while we're at.
I see your laugh.
I don't think there's any laughing matter there.
Let's get a contract for Bokka Brian.
Let's get a contract.
Everybody has to do with the show because we don't trust anybody in that place.
And you know something that business about,
about Clarence was in the kitchen with Dina.
Let me tell you this.
Number one, first of all, Dina's dead.
That's number one.
And number two,
isn't it a strange coincidence that this morning
is about the first morning he didn't come in there before the show started?
Have you noticed that?
That was an important Dave Wons that show occasion.
I keep trying to tell you that.
You can take Dave Wons that and stick him up Clarence's ass.
How do you like that?
And the whole dolphin team.
How about those Patriots?
Oh!
I can't wait for that game, man.
I can't wait for Trey, what's his name?
For Tom Brady.
Yeah, get tongue tied.
Tom Brady to just prick them apart.
Maybe Trey Stratford will suit up.
There's a good guy Trey Stratford.
Not just another dumb joke like.
Roy!
But a guy that's like has a little bit of a sense of humor
and he's got an IQ bigger than his uniform number size.
What that was Trey's uniform number, I forget.
He was only there for like a bug.
What was it?
I think it was 23.
Well, not a big one.
Well, it wasn't 22 because that was Higgie.
That's right.
Remember Higgie?
Yep.
Higgie was about three shades darker than Trey.
Trey's not really a black guy.
He's got a little black in him.
Oh, it's speaking of black.
What a segue.
What?
I mean, a lot of segue is today.
Well, this is really good segue.
All right, let me give you the first word of this headline, okay?
Detroit.
All right, I think what exactly?
Can you get any blacker than Detroit except maybe in the uh,
the jungles of Niggerria?
I don't think so.
You can't get Moe Town darker.
Right.
Detroit has been...
Now, did you say Moe again?
See your pick up.
I was Moe doing on the pull, by the way.
292 votes.
What is the most evil, who is the most evil person sound floater?
What be the most evil?
Mayor Pingha Pekingy 83, Wayne Heisenga 82.
They got a real horse fight going on.
They got a battle neck and neck.
They're side by each, as Frank Saliv would say at Moe Hawk.
You know Frank Saliv?
No.
How about my good friend Ian Framowitz?
It owns all those good racehorses.
Oh, no.
Grown by Randy Wapel's and trained by Bill Roberts.
A nice guy on there, Ian.
Um, Joe Carrillo 43.
Moe Howard David 42, given Joe Carrillo run for his money.
Greg Read only 16.
It's a long drop off from Moe to Greg.
I'll tell you that.
Greg has only got 16.
Nick Navarro 13 and Pete Bulgers only got eight.
Because all the other people that he screwed over, they're on...
They're in a...
They're all sleeping together in a dumpster somewhere.
The people whose lives and careers he destroyed.
The backstabbing Pete Bulger.
Scumbag.
No nothing.
Owen, you're...
Oh, before I get to Detroit, I got a great piece of news for you.
Ken from Norman Kent.
I could use one.
No, seriously.
Guess who's lost his ass because you got all these incentives from
Chief Channel in the form of stock options.
And the stock, of course, is now in the toilet.
David Ross.
Isn't that great news?
All right.
Hey, David, blow it out your ass, sweetheart.
Okay?
Take your stock options and shove them.
How's the market doing, by the way?
Well, there's a couple of Chinese people.
I hope man in the world here at the bottom of the government.
And 120 down, 117 on the Dow.
And about 15 down on the NASDAQ.
NASDAQ's getting close to like 1200 level.
And the Dow, like I told you, is under 9,000.
I mean, I say under 9,000 under 81.
It's going to be under 8,000.
Before the day is out.
Bad news, boys and girls.
Bad news.
You bought a bunch of worthless crap just like I did.
Or these companies are going to go out of business.
I hope you go out of business, mature, okay?
I should only pray.
I'd get religion for that if I thought it would help.
I would pray to Tabitha and whatever,
Hacuba, whatever her name is on passions.
You know, Hacuba?
No.
And Connie, evil Connie with a sewn up face.
Yeah, they had to bring another doll on the show after Timmy died
so they got Connie who's got her face also together
because Tabitha, she threw her in the doll form
against the wall in her face broke up.
So the evil, what's her name?
The zombie charity had like soared together again.
And anyway, you're missing good stuff.
I'll tell you that right now.
Detroit has been hit with the biggest outbreak
of syphilis in the nation.
An epidemic that has led to a shake up in the state health department.
Health officials said the reason for the crisis
is that city and state officials became laks
and they're battling against the disease after a drop off in cases in 1990s.
Detroit had 245 new cases of syphilis this year
as of July 30.
And the numbers likely to reach 500 by the year
and said, LaReta Davis-Saturla,
directly state health department sexually transmitted disease division.
Davis-Saturla said she was also informed by Centers for Disease Control,
Prevention and Atlanta that when updated national figures are released last month,
Detroit will have the highest rate in the country for 2001.
Detroit with its population of nearly a million.
Chargers, that's just in the city.
Greater Detroit is like three and a half minute.
Do you know how many people are here in the GTA, the Greater Toronto Area?
No.
Over five million.
Do you realize that?
No, I didn't.
I do not know.
Next in New York, next in New York, Los Angeles and Chicago,
this is the largest city in North America.
And the Mexico City.
How many Mexico City, about 100 million?
That's three billion.
Oh man, can you imagine what it smells like there?
I don't have to know.
It's on article.
I poppy.
Well as a matter of fact speaking of poppy,
I noticed that a week from Saturday,
I'm just advising in this before you fill out your little menu from Balance for Life.
For your afternoon snack on Saturday, the 28th, the week from Saturday, you've got a choice.
Tuna salad over sliced tomato or lemon poppy cheesecake.
But for people like you, it says they call it eye poppy cheesecake.
And for the Jews, it's called poppy cheesecake.
It's eye popping.
It's eye popping.
You'll love it.
Anyway, Davis, the trailer would not discuss specifics of the cases,
saying only the changes are made to bring about an overall improvement in eradication efforts.
Her office oversees much of the city's sexually transmitted diseases program.
Syphilis typically appears first as a sore, usually on the genitals, on your penis,
on your vagina, on your pyres.
As a chancur, then develops as a rash.
It can be cured with penicillin, but left untreated, can damage the heart, the eyes, the brain,
other parts of the body.
Who died from syphilis and jail was it outcomponed?
Yes it was.
Well, how do I remember that?
You want to know why I remember that?
Why?
Because I saw it on biography, the biography channel.
Right.
Don't you just love that channel?
And he went to jail for...
Taxivasion.
Very good.
Well, that's a piece of cake.
Well, not a lot of people know that.
They think that because he was a gangster, they got him on something like that.
Nah.
And by the way, it was Jack Nicholson and Danny DeVito and Hoffa, we know that.
Right.
And what's his name?
Cliff Gorman.
Who also died?
Cliff Gorman doesn't count.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I don't want to sound disrespectful or insensitive, which I generally am anyway,
but Cliff Gorman doesn't count in the same category with Kim Hunter and Johnny United.
So just, oh, but how about we had Bob Hayes?
Who?
The football player, the ex cowboy, the fastest man in the world.
I had that on before, Bob Hayes.
You better know your dead football players, Mr.
because you sure don't.
I'm going to stick to God and bridge tender after your ass.
The CDC, in fact, it says the resurgence in Detroit of syphilis comes in time
on the disease and some parts of the country is all been eliminated.
Now, I remember once upon a time when Miami was number one in that category.
In syphilis?
Yeah.
Wow.
Few years ago.
We're number one, Danny!
Right.
Because generally anything bad in Miami, we can always say
like in screwed up election.
We're number one, Danny!
Illegal aliens.
We're number one, Danny!
Pucket politician.
We're number one, Danny!
Old Jews.
We're number one, Danny!
In competent radio broadcast types.
We're number one, Danny!
Etc.
But syphilis is the number one Detroit.
We're for quite a while there.
They were number one in murders too in the country for many, many years.
You want to know why?
Why?
Why?
How many shfarts is there?
Hollings files build to allow some airports to miss baggage screening deadline.
The chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee wants to extend the deadline for some airports
to screen all baggage for explosives and propose more ways to tighten aviation security.
Senator Ernest Hollings, Democrat of South Carolina, filed a bill eight Tuesday
to allow up to 40 airports to take six months longer
than the December 31st cutoff they made to requirement.
The committee is planning to discuss the proposal.
In fact, they're probably doing it at this moment today.
This is not a blanket extension of the deadline.
Hollings spokesman Andy Davis said today, yesterday,
what they needed to do was meet some of the realities of the TSA is facing
the transportation security administration which is doing one hell of a bad job.
Hollings bill would set stiff penalties for people who ignore security checkpoints,
provide more security training for aviation industry workers,
and develop an inspection program for freight trip down passenger and cargo planes.
The transportation agency created in response to 9.11 attacks
is responsible for airport security, including buying and stalling,
and operating many van size bomb detection machines used to check luggage.
Agency Chief James Lloyd told Hollings committee last week
that engineering problems will cause as many as 35 of the nason 429 commercial airports,
including some major hubs to miss the deadline.
And of course, we don't have a list of those in the story because the story is from
associated press.
They don't have time for that crap, okay?
Wouldn't it have been nice to find out those 35 where they were?
Yeah, who cares?
That are going to meet the, the, the, the, the, the, etc.
or so on.
Oh, and look at that.
22 Cuban artists nominated for Latin Grammys were not granted USFV visas
and couldn't attend last night's ceremony.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
Oh, no.
Did I buy them or us?
By us.
Oh, by the us a by the USA.
Here are the seven votes on a, on a poll.
And they do say that here, brother.
That's, that's not a joke.
They do say that.
Which is kind of, well, I know I didn't believe it until actually went there.
To where you went to Canada?
Yeah, remember?
I lived on the other side.
Oh, you were over like a,
an hour drive.
BC, baby.
Or you went to BC, that's because you were busy smoking pot.
Always smoking pot.
That's where this man goes.
Anywhere he can, in fact,
Georgia probably be at Santa Cruz next Wednesday.
It was only a one day special.
Okay.
I did not give it everyone.
Love him 56 at 560, Cuban.
If you love your home,
but you just don't have enough space to do all the things you need to be doing,
what do you do?
Well, you call our good friends at strict
revisions like hundreds of smart people are doing.
Whether you have it a baby in another room,
maybe you're converting a car,
porter, patty, when living space.
Maybe you went into business for yourself on a make a home office.
Maybe you need another bedroom to take in
some out of work radio people.
Thanks to be bolder.
Anyway, whatever the reason being called strictly editions,
you're one stop, shop your more space for your place,
place with an absolutely
worry-free approach to expanding your living space.
No shows by the other contractors
that you've experienced in the past,
ain't going to happen.
In complete work, no way.
No one expected bills.
No worries about the job not getting done, right?
They take care of every last detail,
sit back, relax.
They drop your blueprints.
They get the building permits,
handle all your inspections.
Strictly editions has got that easy.
Five step approach to total customer satisfaction.
We keep telling you about it.
I have no idea why.
Number one, they call the schedule
a free project evaluation appointment at your home,
where a project estimator will determine
the scope of your addition.
Number two, schedule a bit appointment
of their convenience room,
where you'll get a detailed proposal
and an exact price for the work,
exact price.
Three, select your finishing touches,
go to contract,
four, review the design,
architectural drawings,
and then after that,
just sit back and relax.
As your dream edition moves ahead,
on schedule with unbeatable quality,
it's as simple as that.
You can't get much simpler than PD Lenny.
Gives strictly editions of call check
out there and the yellow pages,
if you like,
and they serve all abroad
in South Palm Beach County, by the way.
Call 9-5-4-7-9-1-8-100.
That's 9-5-4-7-9-1-8-100.
They are licensed and insured.
They're professionals who do super work for you.
Tell them what you'll need.
A part of the call strictly editions.
9-5-4-7-9-1-8-100.
We're supposed to review 5-6-7-9-1-8-100.
You weigh air.
Now I do believe it, PD 1-12 hour.
You are too be happy
and too be feeding care free,
because President Saddam Hussein
has defeated the Infidel Clinton
under Satanic America
while causing great embarrassment to the culitus
and infecting great pain on our enemies
during the recent UN inspections tend to.
Ha!
This is why my fellow Iraqi citizens
have got McDonald's.
It's to be celebrating
most treaselessly this weekend.
Yes, yes, automatic weapons have to be fired
to the air without regard for human safety.
As you enter, the five-day McDonald's
bring what remains of your family
to be meeting the Ronald Mahame de the door.
Do not be forgetting.
And now today, I am to be chopping
up the hands of the handbagler.
You are to be sending the proof of your
loin to play in the kitty bunker.
As you choose, Ramemos,
printing menu to the includes
big match with secret scudzo,
fish-mack-boom sandwich,
water-founder with views.
Not to be forgetting our famous flight.
Ha!
Yes, my fellow Iraqi citizens,
we are to be celebrating our wondrous
leaders of the Musins victory
over the sole swans of the United Nations.
And hate this weekend at the by-time McDonald's.
A portion of pussy
will be given to our great leaders
on the Musins most secretive research
and program to be building weapons
of mass destruction.
When we're those 22 artists who couldn't get visas,
those from Akua?
Yes.
Solar Western members of seven groups
are on him, but will receive the proper
visas to attend the show last night.
According to Kiva's Vice Culture Minister,
Abba Acosta, among those who could not be,
there are jazz pianist Chucho Valdes,
God dang it.
Guitarist Ray Gera and rapper, ex-Alfonso,
my God.
The State Department of Washington declined to
comment telephone calls to representatives
of the Latin recording Academy of Los Angeles,
which puts on the word ceremony
we're not returned.
They got nothing to say.
They're mum.
That said,
well, of course you can imagine if the
words would have been held in Miami,
it would have been like nobody would have been there.
Comedy stack, comedy stack.
They probably would have kept Mark Anthony out.
I would have said,
Oh, right.
Good choice.
The joke was on Waco Jaco.
This is in the inquirer at the MTV Awards,
speaking of award shows.
Plastic surgery King Michael Jaco.
Plastic surgery King Michael Jaco
came completely unglued
at the MTV Music Video Awards,
suffering a severe panic attack before his horrified
handlers forced him to go on stage.
Oh, by the way,
I forgot before noon.
I should have said goodbye to those people
who turned over to brush it new.
See ya.
Michael was completely on hinge reveal
on MTV and cyto with a star-studded event
in Manhattan's Radio City Music Hall.
I knew he was weird, but this was scary.
We were on our way to the stage where he was to
join Britney Spears as a presenter when he just snapped.
Michael started waving his hands in the air
above his head and started repeating over and over again.
There's too many people.
There's too many people.
He suddenly stopped short and he got his
fright and look in his eyes.
I thought for sure Michael was going to turn around and run.
But a show staffer insisted the glove
wonderful Phil is commitment.
Michael nodded and walked on stage like nothing had happened.
But things went downhill from there.
Bouncy Britney gave him a birthday
case because it was his 44th birthday.
It's your mark that she felt Michael was the artist
of the millennium.
Remember we got sucked in by that?
Well, not me.
I was talking all about how he didn't when they award.
When was that?
When was the summer show talking about it?
Oh, the Labor Day show as a matter of fact.
Oh,
Waco Jacko thought she was given an official award with that title.
I made a speech accepting it.
See, that's why I was confusing the word out of people.
He thought it was an official award.
I know.
I was making fun of it.
The host Jimmy Fallon joked that they were giving those awards
to everyone.
I heard him squealing his high pitch voice.
I won't be made fun of like this.
Said an insider.
MTV executive said Michael acts as if he's
king of the hill when he's really over the hill.
Very good.
That was a nice line.
Yeah.
The king of the hill is over the hill.
Yeah.
Oh, it's speaking of American Idol.
Oh, this picture, if you could see they are both
man, they'd be giving new meaning to the word par-shane.
These two.
Kelly and J-Justin.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm not saying that if you're talented,
you have to look good because most people would
allow to tell it.
Don't look all that great because God,
you know, spreads it around a little bit.
They're good.
That's right.
American Idol,
finalist Kelly and Justin are real life
sweetheart that says, you believe that?
I heard that before, whatever.
Songbird, oh, he is grotesque man.
Another picture of him.
In fact, he looks like a girl.
Right.
You know what?
He's more feminine in the air.
Songbird, Kelly Clarkson has not only become the first American Idol.
She's also won the Man of Her Dreams,
singing rival Justin Guadini.
The two idol stars have become real life
sweethearts as well as America's sweethearts
over the past few months.
And the producers struggle to keep the romance
under wraps the inquiries learned.
How do you like that?
They were wrapping it.
Kelly and probably in plastic.
Kelly and Justin are locked in a very heated love affair
revealed in insider.
Show exact, in fact,
some days you might even get to see it.
Show exacts had worked just like your good friend there.
What's your name?
Jessica Simpson and Nick.
Oh, yeah, she was on that 70s show by the way.
She's got new breasts.
Yeah.
New and approved.
Does Nick have a new penis?
Unfortunately, she doesn't have a new face.
I see.
Well, that is her weak link.
There's no question about that.
From the chin down, she's fine.
But she's got little, well, that's good.
They can rub their noses together because he's really great
except for his nose.
They both have a little nose problem.
In fact, they're going to be doing a duet.
Nobody knows the trouble we've seen.
What was the song they did?
It was a theme from that awful movie.
It was whatever it was.
Anyway, Kelly and Justin are locked in a very heated
nose affair revealed in insider.
Show exacts had worked harder to keep the blossoming
romance under wraps since just an attractor
of a huge following of teenage girls.
Oh, man.
He's on TV, dummy.
Oh.
In the beginning, all 10 finalists arrived at the show together
in the same limo and they shared a dress room.
Of course, and Stake has got a big following
of teenage girls too.
What does that say?
They're on TV.
They like ugly guys with no penis.
But Justin and Kelly were spending so much time together,
producers hired separate cars to pick them up and drop them off.
And they gave them separate changing rooms
devolved to the insider.
Sources say it was inevitable to go out hooked on each other.
They have similar interests.
They admire each other's talent and spend three months
together living in the same house with other finalists.
They just couldn't resist.
We resist each other's charm.
Looks and charisma said the insider.
Justin and sub confided were both group balls
and have a great time together.
We just really got connected.
We just hooked it up.
We just stuck it in there.
Justin, 23 and Kelly, 20 are both from small towns.
She's a former cocktail waitress.
And he was adored to her salesman.
Neither was involved romantically with the competition.
Started their romance was fast to ignite.
After one especially great performance,
they were back at the house with some of the other contestants.
And Justin was raving about Kelly's talent
revealed the insider.
They were holding hands at hugging
as if they were a boyfriend and girlfriend.
Then they slipped off quietly to a room together.
The next day the whole studio was a buzz
with talk that Justin and Kelly had spent the night together
and many more nights after that.
They coming overnight sensations living in a mansion
and falling in love is beyond their wildest dreams.
It's in the enquirer baby.
It's in there.
God damn it.
They're doing it.
Do you believe us?
No.
Well, we'll say it louder next time.
They're doing it.
Roddy Dangerfield's doing it.
And what he's doing?
Dianne?
He thought he was.
Roddy Dangerfield caught smoking pot in intensive care.
Oh, right.
Roddy Dangerfield was rushed to a hospital
terrified he was having a heart attack.
And to calm himself he fired up a joint right
in the middle of the intensive care unit.
The 80 year old comic who has been battling heart disease
for more than 10 years was brought in by his devoted wife,
Joan 49, who says her husband panics every time he feels a twin,
a twinge in his chest.
He goes,
Roddy came at a St. John's Health Center on Saturday,
in August 31.
White as a sheet, wrenched in sweat and holding his chest
with both hands and inside source revealed.
It was obvious he was in a lot of pain.
He must have thought he was Milton Burle.
I got confused.
He was holding it with both hands.
He was moved to the ICU unit,
left alone to change his clothes in the bathroom.
And when the door was shut,
he lit up a joint of the source.
He said later with the commas nerves.
When a nurse opened the bathroom,
a door in a cloud of pot smoke hit her in the pus.
An insider disclosed when the staff realized
what was going on, they were furious
and so was Rodney's wife.
They didn't even allow flowers in the ICU
so it can imagine how they feel about any kind of smoke.
God, can you even begin to imagine that?
Yeah, I'm imagining it right now.
Steve, you're just really different.
Merrill, wanna feel it?
Steve, different, Merrill, wanna.
People were shocked.
Someone on the floor called security
when they arrived in the room to talk to him
but the damage was already done.
What could they do?
They couldn't throw out an 80-year-old heart patient
on his ear, especially somebody as famous as Rodney.
When Rodney sheepishly admitted a smoking party
was given a good scolding,
some people in the hospital thought it was funny.
This old guy sitting in ICU getting high
but the nurses were fit to be tied.
Rodney sincerely apologized to the staff
and told him it would never happen again.
But smoking the joint did calm down the panic-stricken star.
He was suddenly much more relaxed and not afraid at all.
When the nurses got his IV hooked up,
he was laughing and telling jokes like nothing had been wrong.
This time, doctors told him his pains were not life-threatening.
He was released Sunday morning.
He was told to take it easy but leave the drugs alone.
Leave the drugs alone, Rodney.
Come on.
No more wicked weeds.
Be delicious with the hair of water.
Be delicious with the hair of water.
On your kids out there, there's a good message for you.
If you don't quit smoking that wicked weed,
you wind up like Rodney Dangerfield, 80.
And Rich.
And Rich.
And Famous.
322 votes on our poll today.
Raskin, who's the most evil person in South Florida?
Because there's a lot of evil in the world.
In case you haven't listened to our president lately,
there are a lot of evil doers and a lot of evil to be eliminated in the world today.
First we go to Iraq, then we go to North Korea, then we go to Iran,
then we take care of Sudan, and of course Syria,
Mexico, Canada, China, Britain, Holland, Belgium, Argentina, and Switzerland.
322 votes, who's the most evil person in South Florida?
Mayor Penga Pakenia, 89.
HWAN has an 88.
There's a little dog and pony show going on between those two back and forth.
Joe Carrillo, 55.
Mohawar, David, 45.
A very strong fourth place.
Show a nice go and mo.
Nice go mo.
Greg Reed, 20.
In fact, John Rocker was in the building last week.
I heard being, you know, the long time controversial jock that he is.
And he was in a guilty, introduced him to our morning guy.
Rocker walked up and said, you mo.
Greg Reed, 20.
Nick Navarro, 16.
And PD Bulge has already gotten young.
Come on, PD.
You can do better than that.
Come on, it's past noon at 5.
Maybe we can get the sheet to say that, you know what?
Come on, PD.
You can do better than that.
Well, if we could just bring back the sheet.
Wouldn't he be good in the morning?
As what?
Is the morning laffers?
Fine, he'll get into better than that.
In fact, if you stop and think about it,
the only guy we've ever heard is got a more shrill voice than guilty.
Yeah, he puts, he makes guilty sound like Walter Cronkite.
You know, macroshopping is a real pain in the ants and the keister and the rump.
Because it requires, if you do it the wrong way, a lot of schlepping around,
you know, comparing prices here and there.
And then of course, you go into a department store and then let's you,
it's still got the plastic on the macros.
They let you lay down on it for like about 10 seconds and they're standing over you like,
okay, that's it.
That's the test you get.
Forget about that.
Get your macros to smart easy way by calling my good buddies at Dallas.
Macros tool free at 1-800-MACRUS and get the ultimate freedom of choice with the top brand names in the world.
Not some off brand you never heard of, but the top makers anywhere,
Serta, Seely Simmons, King Coyle, the best manufacturers of macros has ever been invented.
And no store can match their everyday low prices and because they got the deepest selected brand name
macroses, they don't pay it and swish it into one you didn't want in the first place.
The one you're looking for is in stock and ready for nearly immediate delivery.
Any day of the week seven days when it's convenient for you and any to our window between noon and
two and one and three and two and four, three, 15 and five, 15, etc.
So pick up that phone and do it the smart way.
Call them right now.
Don't forget to give you that 30-day in-home cover guarantee to try to check it out in your house
the right way up to a month.
Sleep on it.
Do your thing on it.
Make sure it's the macros that's right for you.
Call them right now.
They'll be there knocking on the door in no time.
1-800-MACRUS, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
Check them out on their website if you like it.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
A Burger in Software.
Hey, Jolt has got like 10 times the caffeine
and 40 times the sugar.
Mm-hmm.
I think they make that in rushes to right across the lake.
There it is.
D.L. Alexander, the Information Technology Director
for Albuquerque to Mexico Public Schools,
was not exactly a fan of filtering software
for blocking pornography and other websites
deemed inappropriate for children.
But when Congress required of its schools
that received certain technology grants,
Alexander had no trouble deciding
whether to install the software up to $14.7 million
was at stake.
There was a lot of money on the table,
Alexander said, and now weighed any arguments
that good adult supervision,
not a filtering product is the best solution
for dealing with unsavory online content.
All across the country, schools are installing filter.
The only out-savory online content I see
with that online detective.
All across the country, schools are installing filters
are expanding their use despite flaws in the software
which sometimes blocks legitimate sites
needed for lessons.
You following that?
I got it.
For the most part, schools had it when
self-filters by the new school year
and I'm welcome surprised for some students and teachers.
It's like a lot of teachers scrambling to help kids
get the information they'd be needing
said Tom Henning, a high school physics teacher
in San Francisco, and you sure have to know about your physics.
In one case, this summary set a student
researching race tracks for a newspaper
found resources on them blocked as gambling sites.
Ha ha ha.
In Albuquerque, the swim team couldn't get sites
on swimsuits.
Oh, oh, well, pain.
Just like I said, that's here's catalogs
that'll be next.
Couldn't find research material on race tracks
on Hazel Park and Drag Cramer and Vince Copeland
and Troy Boring and Kevin Wallace,
shame on you people.
In Erika Dell, the federal children's
in and red Ross, the children's federal
Internet Protection Act also requires
filtering and libraries and Francis O'Hare.
But that the provision is on hold after
federal court in Philadelphia,
struck it down as violating first-demamic guarantees
and appeal as pending.
But the requirement for schools and their
libraries was never challenged,
partly because schools typically have greater leeway
in restricting student contact.
Effective programs of food technology,
grants from the Education Department and the popular
e-rate subsidies that are funded through telephone
surchargers.
And while the law covers only sexually oriented
materials, many districts are using the same filters
to voluntarily block e-commerce, games,
violence, and other material.
For Kim Kestura, well,
tell your name Kim, a senior at Austining High School
in Austin, New York.
Isn't that what they have?
Sing Sing is?
What?
In Austin, New York is where Sing Sing prison.
I'll have no idea.
Well, now you do.
You just learned something.
I'm pretty sure.
For Tim Kestura, a senior at Austining High School in Austin,
New York, filters meant choosing a new senior project
because a site for redhead ink, a company
was going to profile mysteriously got blocked.
About half the sites I could
have access for research on any given topic
are blocked.
Many of them, the most useful,
he said, what's the usage technology if we can't use it?
So I kept it up penis.
What's the use to have it if you can't use it?
That's what Clarence said.
At least one district in Eugene, Oregon
has rejected the grants in question about seven grand
rather than expand filtering to all schools.
Filters are imperfect and give students and parents a sense
of security that really is not there,
said less more the district's director
computing information services.
Filtering companies generally want to slow
blocking criteria considering them proprietary.
Most schools have policies for overriding blockages.
Sometimes that symbols having a teacher do it on the spot.
Have a teacher do it on the spot?
No.
My bitch who wished.
Yes, brothers and in the policy community,
basically view committee around the field.
We come out.
There's another example of what's going on folks.
When is out block it out?
Pull seven and 10 think you as will be at war with Iraq a year
from now.
Seven of 10 remember now see if this is true,
then we're going to we got a real problem, you know,
we got a real problem.
No, seriously, because if they do start it,
they want to they want to start the war like in late January
in February, they want to they got it all cooked up to get going.
And if we're going to be a war year from now,
if it's going to take like till next September,
we got some real serious problem us.
Seven of 10 Americans say they'll think the US will be a war
with Iraq a year from now,
going to a pull release Tuesday.
The poll was taken just before Iraq invited you on weapons
inspectors back into the country about the same number.
So they believe if the US doesn't take military action against
your back, you leaders saw them who say he'll eventually use
weapons of mass destruction against this country almost have
said they expect it within five years.
While a fourth said that by next year and a sixth said in the
next six months, he'll be using it.
The CNN USA did a gallop pool right wing of 803 adults was
taken Friday through Monday and has an error margin of plus
or minus four points.
Other findings in the poll president Bush's job approval was
70% an increase from recent weeks when his approval was in
the mid 60s.
Two third 68% said Bush is asking Congress to support
military action because he thinks prompt military action
is necessary to protect the United States about a fourth
26% said he's doing it to help Republicans elections.
A third 35% said some Democrats said they thought
Democrats are reluctant to vote because they want more
evidence and six and 10 or 59% said they want to wait because
it might hurt them.
The Democrats in the election were, they got it right.
We need jellyfish, spineless Democrats just all cowering
and like I said, he did the right thing.
He waited right to write before the election put him into a
box.
He boxed him right into the corner.
You know who else is boxed into a corner?
I give up.
Jerry Lewis.
Oh, if you could see this picture.
Oh boy.
I mean, there's the expression.
Boofoto come to mind.
I mean, this is sad.
This is tragic.
Jerry Lewis collapses during show beloved funny man was
talking about suicide just hours before.
Last legend, Jerry Lewis when pulled out of a charity
appearance at a London theater sources reveal this is in the
globe.
Ironically, just hours before he's shocking collapse, the 76
year old funny man had a confided to a reporter that he was
so ill in the spring and considered blowing his brains out.
George had you'll be glad to learn his peace.
You wouldn't do that.
No, he's got to buy his own.
But stagehand Alan Walsh tells the globe that Lewis was in
high spirits when he suddenly caved in while waiting to take
the stage for the September 8th high on laughter benefit
show with a palladium.
Jerry was watching a monitor backstage was in great form,
laughing and joking with everybody while certain exclusive
interview.
One then he was sitting back in the chair looking at the screen.
The next is head loud to one side and he was an obvious
pain and struggling for breath like that.
Pyrometrics were called they put the comic who was fighting
for air on a stretcher and carried him into the ambulance.
Lewis was given oxygen while his pulse and blood pressure
were checked.
The medics wanted to rush him to hospital.
But Lewis who had done his grueling 24 hour annual muscular
dystrophy telephone the US the week before refused.
I heard him telling I'm going to be fine.
There's no need to take me to hospital says another theater
source.
Just make sure those guys keep the show on the road.
Let's roll.
Hours early in the interview, Lewis said they wasn't so
much agony from an old spinal injury earlier this year.
Everyone to kill himself in April.
He got it so bad that it forced me to get a gun and seriously
think about putting in my mouth.
He confided I thought my life was over.
But a doctor fitted him with a special pain blocking
electoral device that worked so well he recently was able to
hold his daughter Danielle 10 who he adopted with his wife
Sandy 51 for the first time in early two years.
Lewis a diabetic is also battle spinal men and gyros and
prostate cancer and is currently taking the steroid
prednisone to combat the lung disease pulmonary fibrosis.
Boy, he sure got a bunch of things.
You know what?
A bunch of stuff that drug prednisone is causing to gain 52
pounds and drastically puffed up his face, which is why he
looks like a boof hotel from the chin up.
Still despite his problems, Lewis insisted he be taking home
and not to the hospital after his backstage collapse.
Allgerie wanted says the source was arrest in his own bed
and hopefully had a good dial amatric.
Oh,
isn't that what fat boy would say?
If he were here,
wouldn't he be by that all he thought of the room?
Well, he's not in a room, but he's he's around somewhere
pala. He's sitting on their fax me some more crap, some
more useless garbage about gay country music stations.
Crap that nobody cares about.
Get to work fat boy.
Go sell something before your time is up and believe me.
And eight long now.
349 votes who is the most evil person in South Florida.
Mayor Penga, Pakenia 100 H Wayne High Penga about Zenga 96.
Joe Carrillo 57, Mojauer David 47, Greg Reed 21, Nick
double digits with 10.
What's your three evil PD now?
Huh?
The evil one 1226 at 560 WQM the mad dog Jim Madison,
be on a one hand could three with Bino Cook.
Five to six hour.
By now I am positive you've heard the incredible earning potential
of being a computer professional and you've heard us talk
about the incredible demand on this station for certified
computer professional.
They need you.
You've also heard us talk about the great people at fast train.
It's time to do yourself a big favor pick up the phone and call
fast train toll free at one eight six six fast trains
are making some serious cash.
You can complete your program get certified in just for
short months and be on your way to a new higher paying
satisfying career.
Fast train got four convenient locations all over the day
and brought including the newest one and Kendall fast
trains got convenient day evening and weekend classes to fit
your schedule.
They've got full time job placement department over 30
experience.
So these are the people you want to be doing it with pick
up the phone call our good friends at fast train right now
why you're thinking about it and get started right away call
toll free one eight six six fast train.
That's one eight six six fast train or you know how it goes
check them out on their website which is fast train dot
com.
Local sports radio five sixty two a.m.
The honey tune.
Are you sick and tired of being overweight?
Want to lose that big butt?
Thunder dies.
Turkey neck.
Arm flaps.
Love handles.
Yes double chin.
And beer got forever.
Well now you can with no dieting no poop hopping and
absolutely no exercising through simple hypnosis the
pounds will merely melt away this revolutionary program
designed by founder big Alumpkin will train your brain to
believe your thin.
Is that what works?
I put you under I whisper my magic directly into your
material.
I'm one got to now you're still the same faculty always was.
You just don't think you is.
Let me demo it for you this here is Barbara.
She is big but after just one session with me she
thinks she's like Twiggy or something.
Watch this.
Hey Barbara what are you wearing to the beach today?
My song bikini.
I mean she's got to be like three forty but in her head.
She's one twelve in reality.
That's how much one of her ears weighs still like convinced.
All right.
Me.
Steve.
He weighs in a six twenty eight.
Steve.
Oh I'm digging a new trial.
What's the way size on him?
Bad boys.
Thirty four big Al.
Try and a zero that fat boy.
See they just don't realize face it.
The only thing that matters is that you feel good about
yourself to look.
He's like a pig and it comes in me.
I was pretty old.
Who do mumbo jumbo into your cell of bar.
I'm presto you are a skinny man.
This program is not going to prove by the FDA and B.A.
or an RA may not be suitable for anyone with an IQ over forty.
Testimonials were given my actual program participants who believe they are
thin but they are not.
Ever see anybody with ears fat person whose ears were fat?
Yes.
That's that's really above and beyond like fat earlobes you know what I'm saying?
And fat eyelids.
God said anybody were thinking of in particular.
No, no just in general twelve thirty two at five sixty W.
Q. M. Australian Jews.
I win landmark racist website case.
Australia's Jewish community won a landmark court case Tuesday when a judge
ruled a website that denied the Holocaust happened and vilified Jewish people
was illegal under racial discrimination laws.
They took your right to your site.
In the first Australian court decision on race hate and the Internet
federal court justice Catherine Branson ordered a Frederick Tobin to remove
offensive material from his Adelaide Institute website within the next seven days.
The offending material denied the deaths of millions of Jews during the Nazi era
and said Jewish people who were offended by or challenged Holocaust
denials were of limited intelligence.
The court was satisfied that the respondent had published material on the worldwide
web which is reasonably likely in all circumstances to offend and
salt humiliate and intimidate Jewish Australians.
Branson said in the court's judgment the court sitting in Adelaide also ordered
the what is it?
Also ordered Tobin to wish a written apology to the president of the executive council
of Australian jewelry, Jeremy Jones who brought the legal action and the pay the
court's costs.
Tobin said on his website he appealed a ruling a former school teacher Tobin was
jailed in Germany in 1999 for seven months on charges of inciting hate through
through pamphlets.
Oh, I speak of pamphlets.
You know one of the things that I see around here.
Oh, it's so sad.
See them handing out the Jesus pamphlets on the street corners.
Oh, yeah.
They got these screenwashed kids and they like got their Bible in one hand and
they they stuff, especially the Chinese.
Now, you know, why can't they leave the poor chinks alone already?
I mean, Robin Puda on the head never heard anybody.
What why do they got to go after them?
And they got all their little Jesus pamphlets and all of the end days are coming
and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
But nobody know.
Very sad.
Bush has cabinet full of wealth.
If Carlos is a little bit short of if we don't get him on the payroll right
away, if our good close personal friend, Clarence is continuing to go into
hiding today, we can always take a loan for Carlos from the Bushes.
When Vice President Cheney and 14 other statutory members of President
Bush's cabinet meet, 10 of them have one thing in common.
They're millionaires.
In fact, the third of the cabinet members, according to their financial
disclosure statements are in the $10 million plus range.
Well, another third of any one to $5 million range.
Pikers, slippers.
The heaviest hitter is former Alcoa Chief Executive, Paul H. O'Neill,
now the Treasury Secretary.
He's worth between 67 and 253 million.
Disclosure form don't give specific price valuations for holdings,
but instead require officials to stay with their asset is worth from,
for example, 100,000 to 250,000 or 525 million.
Like most of his affluent colleagues in the administration, O'Neill has
taken money out of directly own stocks to avoid allegations of
conflicts of interest and placed it in mutual index and other funds with a
wide variety of holdings or into government notes.
O'Neill, for example, reported that he has between 25 and 50 million
dollars in the Vanguard Institutional Index Fund,
five to 25 million in a Solomon Smith Barney money market fund,
and five to 25 million in the Dodge and Cox stock fund.
The cabinet member with roughly the same amount of assets as O'Neill is defense
secretary Donald H. Donnell call me Hermann Von Gehring, Rumsfeld.
Over the past 25 years, Rumsfeld's been Chief Executive of GD
Sural and Company and General Instrument Corporation and served on a number of
corporate boards, including the Tribune Company, which owns the Los Angeles
Times and Chicago Tribune and Kellogg Company, Sir's Robuck and Company
and Allstate Corporation.
Rumsfeld reported that he is worth between 62.1 and 115.8 million dollars
over the past year.
He's purchased five to 25 million dollars in the Vanguard municipal bond,
the intermediate fund and Bernstein diversified in a bunch of others.
Vice President Cheney was in third place, the former Chief Executive of
Halliburton Company's worth between 22 and 104.1 million dollars.
Secretary of State Colin Powell has also put some of his money in tax
exempt funds, including five to 25 million in the Calvert fund tax fee long term
fund. His other major holding is an investment of five to 25 million in the
Brandy wine blue fund.
And it goes on and on and it just makes you want to scream, makes you want to call
up mitchhorsion bitches ass out, you know.
I guess we better not do that.
You talk kidnapping, Mr. Riesal, aren't you pleased?
It's solved.
That's what the inquirer says.
And if it's in the inquirer, we have made a raise in eyebrows and say,
Hey, guess what?
And it's got a picture of Richard Riesi.
Remember him?
How's he doing?
He died.
How cops crack the Elizabeth smart cases?
The headlock of course, it's a lot easier to crack it after the prime suspect is
dead.
Utah police are privately saying that they've solved the case of teen Elizabeth smarts
kidnapping, even though the 14 year olds body has not been found.
Investigators have pieced together a scenario of how and why she was abducted from a
solid city home to in fifth and disappeared into thin air.
The authorities are convinced that handyman and heroin addict Richard Riesi 48 is the
culprit, but his sudden death, August 30th from a brain hemorrhage,
it's dashed hopes that he'd confess and confirm the investigation's conclusions.
And even as Utah police privately pinned the blame on Riesi, there were odds with the FBI,
some of whose agents believe Elizabeth's kidnapper may still be on the loose.
Riesi was always the Utah cops number one suspect.
And you notice they never called him a suspect when he was alive?
Well, who cares about that?
The navities dead and call him whatever the hell they want.
A source close to the investigation told the inquiry is always number one.
He was well known by the smart family as a friendly handyman and those close to the case
feel the abducted Elizabeth after a bot's break in.
The cops keep peace of evidence against Riesi is the heart-corratic history of entering
kids' rooms during break-ins and believe that the items he could steal for quick cash
would be written off by their parents is simply lost.
His MO of lifting valuable items from kids' rooms to pawn for drug money back
fired that night when Elizabeth awoke to find a man in a room said the close source.
That's the older phage he had of being gotten rid of.
Riesi took his secrets to the grave, said, and so on.
How do you like that?
So the case is closed so they say Utah police.
Now that he's dead, case closed, wait till the ranzy is curled.
Oh, case closed.
In fact, there's some people who can't wait for the ranzy's to croak and I think
Patsy may not disappoint you know what I know watching that.
I think you keep a close eye on that bitch.
21 till one at five sixty WQA new balances out Florida covers all your athletic and footwear
needs if you need new athletic shoes for cross-dressing or cross-dressing.
Running, walking, weightlifting for other weekend warrior activities.
New balances out Florida's got your feet covered.
New balances out Florida does it the old fashioned way they measure the length
and the width of it when you go in the door to make sure you get a perfect fit.
That's your feet with all other brands of shoes if they don't fit.
You have to go to another model or type now with new balance.
New balance has athletic shoes that give you the best possible fit from infant.
All the way up to size 20.
So if you're like one of the big sparser basketball players with gigantic feet
or maybe just like Tom Welling who for a white guy's got awfully big feet.
They can take care of you at new balance.
They've got the style sizes and widths of shoes that only before you can find
and catalogs are by mail order.
New balances your one stop shop and if for some of the lucky reason they have to
special order those shoes they will at no extra charge for you.
So make a run over to new balances out Florida and Evans Ramall,
Pinecrest, Boketown, Center, and coming in November to their newest location
in prestigious Palm Beach Gardens.
If your feet could thank you they would for schlepping you to new balance.
My life and look all this is 420560.
Way to U.A.
Fat Rich reminds me of my mother.
Woo!
Hi, you're power.
Sorry, I've waited to see in there.
Don't look okay.
I'm making you at least close the door will you?
I can't.
Don't go looking in the door.
I spread my leg when I splat.
My cheeks are touching the floor.
Don't want nobody to see me like that.
I'm reading the paper.
Didn't the handicapped storm.
Please don't come in.
Woo!
Beasts and gildies.
Mark and Jo.
Who had puppies?
I have a little.
They're tallows.
Hi.
Reagan or Hayes?
That's disgusting.
Mayor George and I are.
I can't close the door.
Cause I can't see.
Don't go looking in the door.
I'm dropping toys in the well.
Please don't toy around.
Try to ignore.
I'm touching to do snow.
I'm in here making.
With my pants on the floor.
Next to my chin.
I'm going to go to the floor.
Finally done.
I can hear my broken.
The hear my broken.
I can't get up.
It's not there.
It's not there.
It's not there.
It's not there.
me on the floor,
Hoys and destroys my feet.
I think I'll get back some coffee.
Don't ask me for milk on it.
I never noticed that before the Washington Post on their website even could be the page number that it appears on that's pretty good, you know
Washington Post yesterday Thomas B. Edsel a whatever his name is Bush has a cabinet full of well is what it says there you go no extra charge
Al Gore blast bush for floor election problems former vice-person Al Gore who lost his bid for the White House in a bidder vote
Recompatible in floated two years ago said yesterday that Florida needs a new governor to fix its election problem
Absolutely correction. We need new governor to fix the state is what we need not just the election problems. We need new governor
During a brief stop in Palm Beach County the epicenter of the 2000 election debacle
Gores and governor Jeb Bush failed voters again during the primary election. You don't think it's the sour grapes do you?
Maybe little bit. You don't think he holds a grudge do you lock box?
Ha ha ha I think maybe the whole Jeb Bush family ought to be in a lock box stay out of trouble that way
The governor pledged to fix it all and make it the envy of the world Gore said nobody expected that he would fail as badly as he did
The November 2000 presidential election dragged on for 36 days until Gore lost Florida allegedly the George W. Bush 5
537 votes and tried which 537 votes my ass and
Trying to recover from the national embarrassment Florida spent 32 million dollars to reform the election system many countries purchased new voting machines to replace
Punch card butterfly ballots and I say countries counties well in case of date County many foreign countries
But during the September 10th primary the first statewide use of new systems hundreds of voters in the two largest counties said they were turned
Turned away because of equipment failures
I'm detabulating problems and recounts la jane arena to wait a week before she concluded Tuesday to Tampa
Conceited Tuesday to Tampa, or a filmic bride in the Democratic gubernatorial race even though at the late night comics
They've gotten a hold of it again. It isn't funny. Gores said it ain't funny. It's a pile of crap is what he said
It's a bunch of do-do
Gores said he stopped in West Palm Beach because he wanted to help while what's your name?
What's Harold Roberts?
No, not Janet Reno. She already lost Carol Roberts a West Palm Beach Democrat who's running against E. Clay Shaw
He said she's a fighter
She knows the people and is the best interest to the people at art the breakfast of the governor's public West Palm Beach
Drew about 2,000 people and was expected to raise at least 50 grand for Roberts effort
How do you like that? That's from the Palm Beach prestigious Palm Beach Post
Which I'll say it again crappy sports section, but other than that. I think that's a pretty good crappin' it's okay
Religious and public stations battle for share of radio dial
The Reverend Donald Wildman founding chairman of a mushrooming network of Christian radio stations doesn't like national public radio
He detest the news. Oh and speak it up crap
Guess who Larry has online here all the stuff is going on in the world. Here's Jesse Ventura on MSNBC
Here's you know people that might have a little bit of credibility or at least somebody you might want to hear
So who does the King myster have online last night?
Reverend Thompson or doctor whatever the helicopter the dobs James Thompson from the focus on the family
Whatever is the right wing the pseudo religious organization is and what do you think?
I was just channel surfing so I tune in for like two minutes. What do you think they were talking about?
I give up homos. Oh
And that is a surprise that the world's biggest problem homos
Anyway Reverend Wildman detest the news that the public gets to national public radio believes it's slanted from a distinctly liberal and secular perspective
Said Patrick Vaughn general counsel for mr. Wildman's American family radio
In late Charles Louisiana American family radio has silenced what its boss detests
It knocked two NPR stations off the local airwaves last year
Transforming this southwest Louisiana community of 95,000 people into the most popular place in the country where all things considered cannot be heard in place of that program and
Morning addition car talk and local cage and program called Vaughn journal Louisiana listeners now find
Home school heartbeat that fill a shoe fly report and a conservative evangelical musings of mr. Wildman whose network broadcast from Tupelo, Mississippi
He says it was good enough for Elvis. It's good enough for me
Christian stations routed NPR on Lake Charles under a federal law that allows non-commercial broadcasters with licenses for full power stations to push out those with weaker signals
The equivalent of the varsity team kicking the freshmen out of the gym. This is happening all over the country
The losers are so-called translators stations low-budget operations that retransmit the signals of bigger distance stations
The FCC considers them squatters on the far left side of the FM dial and anyone who's granted a full power license can legally run them out of town
Religious broadcasters have done this to public radio stations in Oregon, Indiana as well and many large public
More large market public radio stations like WB easy in Chicago
Complain that new non-commercial stations most of them religious are stepping on the signal at the edge of their transmission areas
Stations are scrambling for these frequencies at the time of rapid growth in the national NPR audience
And even faster growth in religious networks like the American Family Radio it owns 194 stations has 18 affiliates and has
Applications for hundreds more pending with the FCC
The non-commercial band is getting very very crowded and there's just a lot
Just not a lot of room for new stations and desirable areas said Robert Unmucked an actual based radio consultant
The competition is fierce and the Reverend Wildman is especially hard knows his people are very good at what they do being unscrupulous
And not going to the people off the air. How do you like that?
Typically when I'm over there in Amsterdam and channel surfing on my satellite dish with my 1400 channels
There's Paul and Jan Crosch TbN this country TbN from that country. That's what they do
They get all these old suckers to send in their money their 20 bucks their 50 bucks their 100 bucks to make their their
God the safest pledges and they take those tax-free millions and millions and got on those how many hundreds of millions of dollars and they buy up
Radio and television stations all over the world so they can spread the word and to make more cash
That's the good word the good where you bet when they open up those envelopes man
They say oh God that's good you bet when all that cash falls out and those gigantic checks
251 at 5 and see that's okay
Desperate old people sad people lonely people superstitious people miss Cleo she's bad
But all these are so called TVA from a Benny Hinn Benny Han whatever the hell his name is and Jan and Paul Crotch
And all these other fakers all these other farbiss and a goi with their homo talk and
Then don't forget to course doctor Kennedy who's really hard up
I hope that everybody of when it comes to be one o'clock as you listen to mad dog get in your car
Drive by the crowroads Presbyterian Church empty out your wallet throw a few bucks on the lawn there their heart up for cash
Help out poor doctor Kennedy
Hey, you want a chance to win a free beer from the Vermont teddy bear company just sign up to be a pre-ferred member
That's free too find out more by calling one 800 829 bear or visiting their website at Vermont teddy bear dot com
If you're looking for a fun and different gift for somebody's birthday new baby
We just want to wish somebody well sending a bear gram gift is a nifty a swell idea
Just call one 800 829 bear and a bear council will help you choose from over a hundred handcrafted bears
Personalized just for your loved one and delivered within a colorful gift box with candy in a card
It's a great old father and a flower is it'll be enjoyed forever because unlike flowers which are dead in hours for
Montetti bears are guadantied for life
You can choose from bears like the new baby bear with a baby's name and birthday
Imported on the bib or wish somebody well. I'm not not making this one up sometimes I mix them up
Wish somebody well with a good wishes fairy bear
They've got bears for a harvest and wonder Carlos. Oh, not you Carlos the other Carlos or
Maybe our Carlos they've got bears for hobbies and occupations to like the gardening bear and the cooking bear or the business man and women bears
overnight and Saturday liver is guaranteed so call today
1 800 829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear dot com show you care send a bear
It's the creator of alternative to flowers tell that old Neil torny to call toll free 1 800 829
VAR I
Did this game? Oh believe it now. What did I do? I don't know. Let me do a thought I hit that
and
He's
I don't know why they would want to stop a night here
First through the neck for years
With president of the s***
Of the s***
Or what I get to go most on small
And get to we all voted for
Oh, why?
If you want this
Don't love the lips drumming stupidly
Don't know the phone line this drunk it rich kid
Don't know the fees even
Number them me
These president of s***
Yeah, don't care what it does
You got a man by hooker
Throw up all the grissies
Oh, I know what it does
You and I, but how no fear
We've got a great leader here
With president of s***
President of s***
President of s***
You know, just being that number again
Because I have forgotten because of the passage of time
537 votes is the final number
They finally whittled it down too
By hook and by crook mostly by crook
Yeah, and here to think that Bill McBride
Beats janirino by almost 5,000 votes
Now almost 5,000 out of a million doesn't sound like that
Many but compared to the presidential election
Right, I mean this was like a landslide
Right
Landslide, I mean major gigantic win
Don't even think about recounting any votes
And of course this whole thing was marginal anyway
And suspicious and suspect in psychotic
537 votes
They could steal out like in 10 seconds
With a punch of a button
How many thousands of dark folks
Dark folks didn't get to vote in 2000, huh
Thousands so here we got people who you know
Manipulated in the stole the election
By crook
And then of course you're come as any surprise
That the manipulating the public now
And to this public opinion thing
And you know everybody's whipped up into a frenzy
A year after 9-11 and we just celebrated the anniversary of it
And now we got to go into a rack in a whole song in a dance
You got to be a patriot baby
Which is why the cowardly Democrats
Are trembling and peeing in their pants
And afraid to open up a mouth
So you got a hand in for that
For a masterful song
Dance the only problem is
Saddam seems to be throwing like a little monkey wrench in the works
You notice that?
Yeah
Every time he's like a master manipulator
Every time they think
Like what's his name?
That was what was his name to got
Got the the escape artist
Houdini
Yeah, Harry Houdini
378 votes on our pool
Who's the most evil person in South Florida
Mayor Pingapakania
108
H Wayne Heisenge 104
That's a horse race
That's a real battle
Baby right down at the wire
Phil Carrillo 63
Mohawar David's in the running
51 Greg Reed 22
Nick and Merlin 19
Pete Bull drove in
And by the way
We're almost out of time
But I should point out
Yeah
Yesterday Joe Rose filled in for the mad dog
Who decided to screw off again yesterday
Right
But wouldn't you think we got a program director now
An operations manager
We got 75 bureaucrats
And nobody even can let us know who hell is on the year
Bye bye bye
Can you watch our show
I'm climbing to the million QAM
Miami for learning
The whole camp will enrate me
