Now let's go!
Now the Neilodar's flaws in life!
On 560 W2A-m.
Good Lord, the Lord.
God'sutilized, great.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Safely stashed away after they found pot inside that case
I wish I'd seen the look that must have been upon her face
Miami has a great big airport, lots of people come from nearby
She thought they'd let her through because she's a star
Through security, she quickly passed
But someone in a uniform went through her bags and found some grass
Do you know what's in that lipstick case?
It was good stuff, one puff, and you would be in outer space
It will not be easy to replace all with the Houston just as soon as you are in LA
The armor gets off the pot head, now we know that she likes getting snow
Stupid
When you've got good weed you're never alone
Stupid
Till you're busted and you go to jail
And there you are, no psychic friends are gonna help you get away
Gay
Do you know what's in that lipstick case?
Do you know what's in that lipstick case?
Do you know what's in that lipstick case?
Do you know what I heard her say?
No, no, no, no, don't confiscate my job
I'm gonna tell you 902-560-WQM, it sure is great, it's a real revelation, a real fly opener to be done here for a couple of days
Just briefly, just long enough to actually it's one thing to know this place is a playground
It's nothing to be in it and seeing it and smelling it
Which I contributed to that this morning, thanks a lot Pete Lennie
This man, he's the Schmidt inducer, he just can't stop
Brought me in a bunch of crap here yesterday, all that diet stuff that's loaded with all the stuff that makes you crap all day
So the one thing, what do you call those things that I eat to chocolate the meringue?
The meringue
I didn't touch yesterday because I was going to hopefully go to the doctor to get my blood test yesterday
Which I'll tell you that depressing story in a moment
I guess I'm just stupid, yeah
And so this morning I sit here figuring, well I might as well, you know, these the label looks safe
Forget about the label, any of that diet stuff, it'll make your crap your brains out
Because it's got sorbitol and maltitol and crap at all and it just loaded
And so I sat here and ate the whole package which there wasn't that much in there, maybe an ounce I don't know
And sure enough within 20 minutes I had to make two big runs and had took two of the biggest Howard David's ever took in my life
It was just scary, unbelievable
And then George went in here to take his morning...
And it tells me that it was still lingering in the ear
The wallpaper was...
Well when you got this head cold, you know, and all that ends good by the way
Thank you very much, Pete Lennie
Then he brings me in chicken wings from little old caboose
I just come back in, or I just barely finished wiping for Christ's sakes
And I come back in here and he's bringing more crap
God is he...
Stupid or what?
No that's me, I'm a moron, because I listen to my mother
You know, years ago she had me go to her optometrist
Many years ago, I don't want to say that he was on tap street in Pembroke Pines
I'm sure he's long gone
This guy makes me appear glasses that were like, you know, in other words, if you were like 20 or 100
These were like 4500, I mean, I couldn't even see myself
When I put those glasses on, I said, I think there's a little problem here
And then he's taking, he's redoing the prescription to get the new glasses replaced
He says, well, you know, I don't really want to do this anyway, I'm just doing this temporarily, I want to be in showbizness
That's right, that was my mother's optometrist, let's hear it from mom
I told him yesterday, I said, you know, they see you come in a million miles away
Hurrin every other old person in South Florida, they see all of you old parts come in a million miles away
This is, that's all this place exists for is just a place to rip off and exploit old people
And that's what it's all about, ma
So like a schmuck, because I've had it with Dr. Dick and his imperious attitude
And his incompetent office up there, especially now since my friend Gary left
And Gary called yesterday, anybody called him out, Gary's whereabouts?
No
Maybe he is with Al Goldstein, I don't know
But at any rate, so I go to my mother's doctor, she makes an appointment, all I want to do, I want to do things
I want to get like, you know, a minimal checkup, which this guy did stick his finger in my rectum
Which is about all he did of any note
I wanted to get my prescriptions, you know, with a bunch of refills for the summertime
Because you have to have a bunch of pills, and I wanted to get blood tests, which I do a couple of times a year
Okay, is that a big deal? No
So I go to this place, and I wait for a few minutes, of course they don't know me from Adam, you know, I'm using my real name
Which I don't expect like big time, yes I do, why not?
You know, at least be treated like a human being who makes more than 50 bucks a week
So they finally schlep me in there, and this little a hulio nurse, male nurse
He takes my blood pressure, and he writes down 148 over 144 over 98
Now I know that that isn't right, because my blood pressure is great, I've just taken a blood pressure pill before I left here
When I got home, by the way, even after all the stress that I encountered my blood pressure was 110 over 77
I just mentioned that in passing, and that was the best thing that they did
And then this make-believe doctor of my mother, he comes in and I'm like, but I'm open now
I'm from the banana republic, I've been here 10 years, you know, one of your people, George
Oh, totally in it, totally inept
I'm not saying that all your people are bad doctors, but some of them are even real doctors
Yeah, I don't think this one was, but at any rate, so now we do the thing he writes me out the prescriptions
He sticks his finger deep inside my-
Rack him! And didn't even put a glove on, which I thought was a little bit unusual, he put a-
I'm not that stupid!
But anyway, so he writes out the prescriptions, then he's writing all this other stuff out for the blood test
Now ordinarily when you go to any doctor, and you tell me you want blood test, you tell him what you want done
I want kidney and liver function, I want blood lipids, whatever I told him I want, I give him a little list
And I'm paying for all of this
So you ordinarily expect somebody to come in and nurse or somebody and they, you know, you roll up your sleeve
And they put the plastic thing on your arm and they take your blood, would that happen there?
No! No! No! He writes me out a prescription and then as they push me around the hallway where the arrows are
So I write them a check for the 95 bucks, which is pretty cheap and believe me, well worth it and have to price for the exam
And now they give me a thing and this woman says, I'll be right out, you have to go to the lab
Well I'm assuming that it's a pretty big billing, I'm assuming the lab is like down the hallway, right?
No wrong
This place is over on- where the hell was this? It's on tap street, over by about 64th
I don't want to give off exact location, but don't go there
The lab is over by where we used to work with Paxen in the industrial park there, Sheridan and the 29th
Up by almost at the end there by Sterling Road
Okay, I know where it is
Yeah, it's a lab where they do blood tests, the only problem is I realize when I walk in there that only indigent people go there
So I guess they were assuming because I didn't have insurance and I was paying myself, that I must have been a schlepper
And my mother tells me that when she goes to this doctor that they take her blood right there in the office
But of course she's gotten insurance, which I didn't know anything about this game
I would have told them, hey guess what, I can write you a check whatever you want, I'll pay you the cash, no problem
Sure you can
So they sent me to this place where all these schleppers are, and I walk in
I was about one of the two white people in the whole place, I'm not suggesting course that you dark folks are deadbeats, but you know, the fact of the matter is
And I'm sitting there and I'm sitting there and I'm looking around this place which looked like, oh, man
You don't want to be dealing with no needles in a place like that, Ma
And I finally have to just sit in there for about 10-15 minutes, I thought I'm going to be saying that they're pouring in the place
They're pouring in by the craplo, they were either all sparsers or old, old, old people who could barely breathe
I said I think I've waited long enough, I said to myself and I just got up and walked out
And raced to a Walgreens with all my prescriptions for my friend Marcy over there in plantation
Nice going Marcy
And that's it, so I wasted almost a whole day, at least the way in my mind, you know
With another quack doctor, find it, just, all I want is some blood tests, okay, take the blood, here's what I want the test for, I'll pay you whatever the charge is
And that's it, I'd like to know my cholesterol, my triglycerides, if I'm still alive, my PSA, all these things
Is that, should that be difficult to accomplish? No, this shouldn't be, but this is South Florida
And that's why it's so goddamn frustrating, I gotta be stupid to be here again even only for a few days
I gotta be some kind of a moron, I walked out of there and I thought Jesus Christ, what kind of a place is this?
Seriously, I don't want to start on him again today, but I probably will, but you know, he's, I have never encountered a human being, there's nobody else in a world like Mohaward
He's the only person in a world like him
So uptight and so humorless and so self-centered and just, you can't deal with this guy, he has no sense of humor, none!
Not a little sense of humor, has no sense of humor
After we had that little cross over yesterday and we had a pretty good time, I thought and then he walked in and I thought we were gonna have a truce and I thought Jesus Christ
You's kidding me? Oh man, we had a good time and everybody was yuking it up, it's a radio show, he's still on get it and he blames it all on you by the way, hates you
I know, like Poison, the rumors around the building are that he spends all morning during the breaks and ripping you in ass while you know in between a commercial break or during the commercial breaks
ripping you in ass and by the way, don't be going in there to get the log anymore because you're not allowed to worry
When that show is on ear, you are not allowed in that control room and you know it neither is anybody else, by the way, because when the star is on ear, nobody else is involved
allowed in the, unless by special invitations, gotta be embroidered, in fact Randy Moulers showed me his embroidered invitation on the way out this morning
By the way, lose the face all the schmutz there Randy, look sillier than ever
10 minutes after 9 at 5.60 WQA, man I'm gonna tell you I got my car yesterday and what it said on the outside temperature?
101, really? 101 and I thought to myself this is like trying to live in a god named furnace
and it's not easy to stay healthy in a place like this and of course all that bacteria, you know all the mold in the mildew and the heat and the humidity
Oliomed is a soft gel capsule that contains pharmaceutical-grade olive oil along with vitamins, minerals and herbals to promote health for your prostate, your heart, your blood pressure and your cholesterol
Oliomed has also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system, your digestive, your endoconsystem, your skin and bones, even your mind, all using the benefits of the best olive oil that money can buy
Oliomed has got products for men and you ladies out there as well, it's available all over town, go see Marci Walgreens, ask her where's the damn Oliomed honey
You can also pick it up at Whole Food Market, it's the Neural Pharmacy in Sedanos as well, it's a stupendous exciting new product that will really do your body a lot of good
If you'd like to get more information about it, call them toll free, ask away, call 1-866-Oliomed, that's 1-866-OL-E-O-M-E-D
and don't forget you can also order their products on their website
Burep DIC
No portion of this program may be reproduced without the express written permission at WQAM, B-E-O-R-C-S group, incorporated
We'll Chamberlain Rateny
If you're like many Americans, you'd love the new MTV hit show The Osborne's
However, if you're like a majority of the viewing audience, you have a hard time understanding what the hell anyone is saying on the show
For you, we present the Osborne's translation viewing companion
Just plug in the Osborne's translation viewing companion into any television and sit back and enjoy
Jack, stop hiring people you're all yours, but I'm starting to get into place because you're f**king loose up
Jack, stop telling people you're Osborne's son to get into places
You're a f**king loser
I'm ready to watch, I want Joe's born to wife and I just don't f**king know what's going to be better
Well, I'll tell you what, I'm Osborne's wife, now shut the f**k up and go to bed
Pay no attention to those pesky British accents and just enjoy the show
I don't really care what people think of my hair, they like it or not, I just don't care so I don't really care
Who the f**k? I don't really care what people think of my hair
If they like it or not, it's not their hair so I really don't care
Who, that rind?
Osborne's translation viewing companion, don't watch the Osborne's without it
915-560-WQM Happy Tuesday, I think Peter Leonard is probably accounted for about half of my time between now and one o'clock
I'm telling you, there's that thundered down under
Crackling again, nice going, Peter, I'm only here for a couple of days and this man doesn't want to miss the opportunity to make me crap my brains out
He just can't stop himself, he's probably standing out there in the hallway
Waiting for me to go flying down the hall and believe me very soon I will
Just like that bit where he says, oh it will, Billy, it will
That's how I feel because I will, believe me
Anyway, how'd that pull come out yesterday, speaking of that?
966 votes on a survey?
How much should you care about the language problem in South Florida? A lot!
This is America's Speak English God Damn it!
504 said that that's 52.1%, we're still whipped up about that whole bilingual thing, they can't, they can't handle it
Enough to avoid date County as much as possible, 240 of us said that, that's 25%
Not at all, 117, 11%, I'm bilingual so too bad for the rest of you, 95 people said that about almost 10%
You know, it's interesting that number was consistent all the way through, that must be our Julio crowd, 10% when you say that's uh, yeah, I guess
And there is no language problem, 20 people said that, that's only 2%
Silly people, I mean saying there's no language problem in South Florida is I would say just like saying
There's no fact in the church, yeah pretty much the same thing
So now getting to the day's pool, Eric, as George is going to take the heat, here's a couple of facts just to lead into it
Here's one first of all, it says glad you're back, God am I glad you're back
As Robert Duval might say, your show is a large, breasted hit, no that's not what he said, he said it's a big, big-titted hit, that's what he said
This though holds true even though Joe Costello had a week to destroy it
Mr. Costello's delivery on air reminds me of a deer in the headlights, his performance was about as assimilating as the performance of that fag who played Anakin Skywalker
And his performance was about as assimilating as the performance of that fag who played Anakin Skywalker in Return of the Clones, do you think that he was gay?
Thank you, Mo, see we got a new format on his show now, I say a few words and Mo says like gay, and then you know, fills in the rest of the sentence
I mean, when he's only working 3 hours anyway, when he's going to get a little more out of him for all that money
That movie was not for the average person by the way, if you didn't know Star Wars history, it was very difficult to follow, was that correct?
It was only for Star Wars groupies?
Yeah, sure
You think that what is his name again?
I've made in Christians, Hayden Christensen, you think that he's gay?
Oh, you know something, I'm going to have to run down the hallway
Oh no
Yeah, this Peter landed, I'm serious and I'm not joking about this
And I only blame myself, I blame nobody about myself, how is it possible for anybody to be so stupid as me?
After the 500th time and he keeps, he always, and I get out of here with that, so I don't know how I'm going to go swearing
There's nothing in here and this is the brand new and it's all the same crap, it just makes you crap your brains out
Okay, I think it may have, I don't think so
Huh?
Well let me play, at least let me play something good while I'm running down the hall, okay?
I don't want you to just play filler music
I apologize profusely for this, no, not really, it'll kill some good time
I got a lot of very important stuff to get to here today, including Wito Schwarzers with defending Mike Tyson right there at the end of Moe Show
It's always the same thing, you know what?
Well how about Mooney by Dove?
Or I mean Mooney is singing Dove, I never can get the, you know that song?
No
I'll be back, alright, or not
Got him, I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I can't give her his love
No more
No more
No more
No more
No more
No more
No more
No more
No more
No more
No more
No more
No more
No more
No more
No more
Never
I'll be funny
And the way that you come into my life, you know I can't see
And then she questioned the sun
Why? Why me?
Some guys don't answer oh god
And you
Help me
The answer is easy my love
You will help your own self
You've always been part of the sky
The way you keep saying my hands start to wave for me
I've opened up my heart
I've opened up my heart
I've opened up my heart
I've opened up my heart
I've opened up my heart
I've opened up my heart
So how was it?
Oh just fine. How was it going?
Oh
Outstanding. Very productive
Kind of like one of those great little cigars those self-productos
921 at 560
Your Full-Eye Shmit Station for the new century
The new deal is
I'm only here like a few until October I'm only here like today and tomorrow
I don't ever want to see him in here again
I mean if Moe can make all these rules about nobody's allowed in the control room while his important show is on here
I can say I don't want P. Lennie in here again
Which only includes the rest of the day and all of tomorrow
I don't want to see him again
It's not personal it's
Business that kind of business
Oh man
Three gigantic Moe Howard's in the same morning
It's not even 10 o'clock yet
You're making my kishki twist just talking about it
So be stupid okay get back to this facts now because this is a good one
Anyway about Joe Costello's decrepit performance
I'm sure you've heard it by now George is not the most exciting radio personality I've ever heard either
Well that's for sure but he can hold an audience's attention other ways besides humor
He's a learned man and can talk on a wife or idea subjects other than rap music or auto racing
He brings up some very good points from time to time and he can actually learn something from him
Here's the problem with George
Yeah he's stupid
I heard the show Howard did when Al Goldstein called in from jail he claims the person is trying to kill him by giving the wrong diabetes medications
He also admitted that the 69 year olds farchered a wheelchair kicked his ass
This happened because he wanted to turn the TV from black entertainment to a Charlie Rose
He also admitted he crapped the prison suit he was wearing literally when standing in the chauho line
All this because he mouthed off to the judge
And that's exactly right that's why I gave him 60 days because he mouthed off to the judge because Al never learns his lesson
Just like I never learned my lesson with P. Lennie and that crap that crap inducing stuff he keeps bringing in here
It's a matter of fact I don't want to like play butch boss with P. Lennie but I'm going to tell you right now if he ever brings any more of that stuff in here when I'm here again
You know that certain account that he's you know beg me to do that I won't do it ever again I'll never do that spot again
If you ever bring any more of that crap in here I'm tired you know I have no problems I'm not like my mother
I don't have any bowel problem I have all the I'm full of it and so it comes out easy
Okay just slides right out
In addition to which I'm back on balance for life they brought food to the house last night
Which you'll notice I didn't even bring in this morning because I'm going to mommy's for lunch today so I can chew around about that goddamn 40 doctor of hers
And I'll be able to get blood tested
Whoever heard us such kind of a doctor's office
It's not some little thing he's doctor's office it's a big ass building there are three different doctors supposedly practicing in there
I went back I went home yesterday I said to my little dog I said to tiny what do you think of this doctor he says
Esmeral doctor yeah that's what he said
On a lighter note says this Joe this faxer he says the history channel be showing clips of the Ohio Hockey
We don't talk hockey on a station because mode all like it
And it goes on about our website and about the constant interruptions that's only the commercial thing right is that what he's still talking about
I don't know we don't know we don't care okay just kiss the ground that you can get it we have thousands of people all over the world
The world is saying this show right now as I speak just kiss the ground you get it
It's free we don't charge you anything and so quit belly ache and okay
So he picks on Joe now here's the one really rip and George and ask them we'll get to our pool
And look at the giant print on there's two Neil a lot of very fancy work went into this fax
See always like faxes where you know they put a lot of work into it
As opposed to just scrolling out some usual crap
To Neil I'll tell you exactly what we're on with the Joe Castello show why you run vacation I think this is from Joe
It says Joe did find by himself but you're a faggy board op the one with the loosens of grandeur who calls himself a producer
kept interrupting Joe after every sentence poor Joe couldn't say two words without having the mummed or cut him off
George did his best to try and steal the show out from under Joe
The only way a guest host will work is if Georgie can be banned from the studio to stop him from sabotaging the show
At the very least the mic should be removed from his booth
If you're like us remove from the booth I wouldn't have had mad dog on yesterday
That was funny I said go around the other side of the thing and he goes and he goes in Georgia's room
Which was this as well I guess
You ought to hear what he said off here well anyway
At the very least the mic should be removed from Georgia's booth he had his chance and he blew it
He should put it into his petty jealousy and let somebody else fill in without interference
God I can't wait until Howard David gets that little spick fired
That's what it says
How do you like that?
One thing we know about George stupid there you go
So there's a rift job on Joe and one on George
So I promised I was going to take this poll but I wait a few days
Probably didn't wait long enough because I was out sick a day and a half last week
And probably half the audience don't know I'm back yet anyway
Here I am!
Ready or not I'm still full of it
Here's our poll question today
When Neil was on vacation how did you like the George and Joe show?
And we've got six choices
Well I want to give him a lot of variety here
Good, bad and different
Didn't listen to it
Listen very little hated it
Listened a lot it was fine
Listened every day it was great
George was good Joe sucked
Joe was good George sucked
Now I think we covered all the bases there
Do I do a good, do a yeah
I do my poll baby
Nobody does poll like Neil
While Neil was on vacation how did you like the George and Joe show?
Didn't listen to it
Listen and by the way we don't want the rimmers for my mother filling this in
Okay because they'll put down didn't listen to it
And then they'll tell me on the phone everything that you guys said
Didn't listen to it
Listened very little hated it
Listened a lot it was fine
Listened every day it was great
George was good Joe sucked
Joe was good George sucked
I think we covered all the bases there
Excellent job
926 and 560 WQM on our great Tuesday
We got the mad dog at one we got Hank from the Bellman
How is that possible?
You must have taken a flight this morning
Because he was on yesterday from Shulas
And didn't get a chance to see him after you made those intembrate comments about how he was still fat
He's probably pissed off at me too
And so Hank is in New York at the Bellman today and all week
And then we'll be talking to Dave Johnson I'm sure on Friday
You know Dave Johnson he's one of yours
He's a white guy
Marlins on decades 30 Marlins at the Philly 705
Eddie K after Marlins baseball
And Joe and Mark overnight
And what can I say you know for whatever that's worth
Mattress shopping isn't worth much it's a waste of time especially when you look into your thermometer there and it's 101 degrees on the outside
You have to be some kind of a moron some kind of a masochist
To be wasting all of that time running around town shopping for a mattress when you couldn't do yourself and you're back a big favor
If I just sit in there on your fat lazy ass and make a lazy phone call that's what I do
There are a few fatter or lazier than me
And so I just pick up the phone and call my good buddies at Dalai mattress and say
Hey guess what the old ones were not here's exactly what I want and they'll be there in no time at all
And they'll do the same for you they got the biggest selection name brand mattresses from Serta and Seely Simmons and King Coil
And no store can match their exceptional selection or their lower everyday price is either
And of course when it comes to delivery nobody in the universe would even think about doing it like they do
They give you a two-hour window that you choose when it's convenient for you not for them any day seven days a week
Like between 11 and 11 and noon and two one and three whatever you want they'll be there knocking on your door taking away the crappy old vetting
And sitting up your great new mattress your name brand mattress is an unbeatable price
So instead of schlepping around town wasting all of that time and getting yourself worked up into a sweat
Call our good friends the betting experts at Dalai mattress and they'll be there in no time at all like I just said
1-800 mattress that's the number to call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S
Or look them up on that wicked world
The show in March show overnight sun supports radio 560
Q-A-A-A
I can just throw me away camping in the world my taxing with the legal for babies legal for kidney legal words for the day
The words is pulling the journey pulling the journey that means I'd really get off when it done when it done
I'm driving in my car, sipping a coffee trying to find a rest up cause right now I gotta be
Letters filling up, tempted to use my cup gotta get off the road cause I think I might explode
Every time I hit a bump I start to quiver but Lord help me I took another sip I'm a hazard to myself
Jesus Christ don't let me with me science is no facilities I don't wanna wet myself
No you're an 18 don't want no yellow on the floor I wanna go pee somewhere else
I wanna go pee somewhere else 30 miles until the next stop
Meanwhile my kidney spill like they're gonna pop I'm not cold and back teeth floating
I'll take a leak right on the street faster faster and please let me be no traffic
This trip's become a living hell and I just might wet myself don't let me with me cause I really gotta pee I don't wanna wet myself
Remember I was talking yesterday about having Dr. Mark come back in here and throw the blood right on you
I think that's the only way I'm gonna get blood test in Florida but I think I'll wait
See that's one thing I'll see March April May most of the last three months with the except the previous three days I was here in April
Which I avoided the PD Lenny episodes but you'll notice that no mornings up in Toronto then I have to like make a quick run
Or interrupt the show and put on music cause I had to go crap my brains out and that's including even having made some bad mistakes
Right Nestle's turtle I'm not saying I was and then of course all that Thai food that just gave me the hot smits and tore my insides out
But not during the show how do you like that know that you mentioned it right yeah and out here I'm back for the second morning and all of a sudden
Don't even get through the first half hour I'm running out in the hallway crap in my brains out and almost made it to the throne too
Sad very very sad PD get out of here you're a crazy person comes in a reason bad mouth and mo
He was it was terrible talking about how he played golf with sure I don't want to go through the story with it was terrible
You know I'd say that's another good thing about mine not being here I don't have to get all wrapped up and that stuff because I don't need to hear people bad mouthing mo all day long
You know I just I don't like that because he and I are tight
Anyway here's an update on a story I had for you late last week
Phil Thalphia and thanks to our good friend Glenn and Iowa who's got an eagle eye for crap like this probably a real pervert
Phil Thalphia website founded by a priest that featured images of young wrestlers and bikini briefs was voluntarily shut down
After questions were raised about its contents and the purpose the junior professional wrestling association site offered to sell photos and videos of the wrestlers
Purportedly for charity the site displayed teenagers and young men with nicknames such as Johnny heartbreaker and bad Brad and wrestling poses
I love it the Reverend Glenn Michael David which I think on Friday I had this story tonight yes I believe so
The Reverend David which pastor of St Michael the Archangel Byzantine Catholic Church in suburban Montclair founded the Wrestling Association in 1999 some matches were staged in the church rectumry
Tony Carl director and webmaster defend the association as sports entertainment and legitimate fundraising tool in a statement he said unfair attacks and embarrassment forced the website to shut down last Wednesday
We are not have never been and will never be pornographic or sexual to statement said rather the association was a makeshift attempt to mimic and spoof pro wrestling
Right Carl declined a phone interview David of which did not return a phone call seeking a comment yesterday
Nobody's returning them calls
The website stated purpose was to raise money for Thomas Mejia a California teen who was paralyzed and suffered brain damage in 1994 auto accident
I don't know
Corin a car of priest in California the Reverend James Kuran established a fund in 1994 to help pay the family's medical bills and form the similar wrestling venue venture whatever
But Mejia's mother Marcella said yesterday she hasn't received any money from either wrestling organization she said Kuran did pay some of the family's bills several years ago
I don't know dates I don't know anything she said Carl said the association sent checks totaling $5,760 to the fund administered by Kuran whose organization
Cohn Ghanas sports entertainment checked out last year a spokesman for Kuran now a pastor in Stone Mountain Jojit did not return a phone call either yesterday
Nobody's returned them calls
David of which resigned from the association in February of 2001 after his bishop confronted him with person whose concerns Carl said
Carl said he found nothing wrong with the wrestlers attire the majority of our wrestlers were athletes who are proud of their healthy and fit appearances
And they feel they're dressed appropriately for wrestling entertainment
Yeah, what do you want wrestlers to wear like a tuxedo or a three-piece suit big expensive suit like Greg was born in here yesterday
People ate 16 to 30 of wrestled for the association including about 25 minors who had parental consent he said I'll bet they had notes from mommy and daddy
So there's the update on that oh I can get to a vote on the poll now now I can vote honestly because I wasn't here
And I certainly well I was an Amsterdam so even and I don't have my computer there yet so I didn't listen to it
See I'm not I'm not going to put anybody down. That's just my vote. I think that fact so I had a point next time Joe fills in I think I should be far far away
Because you know I hate him and sandbag and I didn't say you hated him
It said that you mom while for any win-win let him speak kind of like what Howard does to Gellie you know you won't let him say anything
Okay, the vote of poll is up I listen every day it was great two people said then I didn't listen to what I voted for that
And George was good Joe sucked one it's only four votes but it's up there now on eorogers.com let's go this is very important especially with the summertime coming
This will portend much for the future of what's going to happen on the show Monday Wednesdays and Fridays during the summertime
Now I should point out George will be doing the show on Thursday no Joe right this Thursday I guess right
I'll be doing the show I don't know who will be here was that up to me and you know what I couldn't give a crap less I'm not going to be here
But Friday I'll be back in Toronto doing the show on your Friday
I just want to give that schedule out because this station does nothing at all to promote who's on and out now that most not mentioning my name again you know forget about it
Or whatever he was doing this morning in paradise without crap he's back on that again just after we finally worked him out of that
Channel he was mentioning not just Neil but Neil Rogers both names and I went in the yesterday morning we did a little crossover
Which I thought was fine. I'll say it again. I thought it was a lot of fun
And he just he just don't get it he just can't take it he can't handle it
Well you heard what I want to say
22 before 10 at 560 see that's what bad me been back in his building I shouldn't be here I don't want to get involved in all the gossip in the
Internet scene squabbling and bickering and all this back stabbing and all of the you know posturing that some of the people are doing and pushing people around
And nobody's allowed in this room and nobody can do this and all this other crap and I just I can't I can't deal with people on that kind of level
Pay me to do a show and I'm doing the best I can I'm going to continue doing the Neil Rogers show the way I wanted say whatever the hell I want
And that's the show that's it period take it or leave it like it or lump it
You've heard me talking about the big one
It's right in four short months you can have a big one too a big paycheck that the man for certified computer professionals is through the roof pick up the phone
And call our good friends at fast train right now if you want to start making some bucks 866 fast train
Summer classes are forming right now if you call now you can be certified in that new career before summer's end fast train offers Microsoft certified
Instructors for convenient locations including the new candle campus job placement assistance day and evening classes too
And for those individuals whose job was affected after 9-11 fast trains and operation paycheck training provider as well call fast train toll free 866 fast train right now
Or check them out on the web at fast train dot com fast train like I said only moments ago
Can have you certified ready for a brand new money making career and as little as four months so call them today
There's no obligation. They'll be ecstatic to answer all your questions call 1 866 fast
Lens and fillies to not from the bed and fill it out
The cover begins at 630 on sport radio 560. She way yeah Jesus Christ
Mike Tyson cycle path he fights off beers and he beats up dates but Lanx Lewis will work his magic
Put old iron Mike in his place because after one round the Glenx Lewis that evil Mike Tyson will look like a pumpkin after
Two rounds of Lenx Lewis will hear those gold teeth. Don't plump plump plump plump plump plump plump plump plump plump plump
I should be careful when he starts to dance with the heavyweight champion of the world
Because when Lewis lands and nights uppercut Mike will cry like a little baby girl comes after
Three rounds of Lenx Lewis Tyson will be praying for the failure ring and after
Four rounds of plan X Lewis
Tyson's hand will look like Don King's
One round plan X Lewis
943 a lot of your suckers out there gonna pay how much is it 80 bucks?
I somebody said 20 though. It's not 20. I think it's like 70 or 80 bucks
Whatever the hell it is it's like bringing them on in your backyard to get kind and again to get sucked in and what did I tell you all these years
I've always said in America never met a scumbag. They didn't love their upsets
In fact in the Sunsettles morning is about a 75 look at all the pages on there that I wasted which I'm not gonna even get to
Public finds Mike Tyson bizarre but fascinating. I find him only one thing obnoxious
disgusting or disgrace
a scumbag
So what time we're gonna go watch the fight? I'm sorry your place. Yeah
But that's right. I won't be here. I guess I'm gonna have to miss that. Uh-huh
Stanley Cup finals begin tonight in Detroit Red Wings will be Caroline and forced raid maybe five
But I don't think so. I think they'll just mop it up for straight. Why even bother?
Well, that's right. I forgot we're not supposed to talk about hockey because hockey is stupid 45 votes on a pool
Well, Newell's on but can't we'll take a few calls by the way today just today in the moral
Like I did yesterday
George ain't gonna be answering so if you don't understand the screenless thing
I see I'm not gonna monkey around with those people yesterday. Hello. Can I talk today? Where is screenless?
That means I'm picking you up if I take a couple of calls
Or a hundred or whatever I'm gonna take but I have no more patience for that crap because we've been doing this for about
700 years if you don't understand that then I can't just can't deal with it
45 votes when Newell's on vacation. How do you like the George and Joe show?
I listen every day. It was great. Nine
tied for first place with I didn't listen to it nine
George was good Joe sucked eight. I listen very little. I hated it eight
I listened a lot. It was fine seven and Joe was good George sucked four
So you got you got the Joe down now
I never wanted to do that
I'm not like driving a wedge here
But anyway had those two factions and I said I was gonna do the survey
I mentioned that to her day and last week and what what better way to do it
How else do we find out who they liked and what they didn't like we discussed that during the show that there was going to be
Those people factions right right and we don't care because we were friends before and still aren't
We're not trying to break up your friendship. This is business not personal. See this is business and you guys are taking it personal bad mistake
Don't be stupid. We won't please take it
Joe is good George sucked four, but George was good Joe sucked 11
They didn't like Joe now the one fact is is that was because you interrupted him and never let him get on a roll and doing it
Well, that's not true actually. Well, I don't believe it anyway
In fact, and didn't I say it looked like Joe's a facts?
Although it is it is Tuesday morning. So he's I'm sure he's not awake by this time you think no
He's asleep and he's in Lala land
President Bush said for the first time yesterday and we're very excited to hear this now that the CIA in the FBI could have done more to protect
the American people and congressional hearings of course are beginning today on pre-9 11 warnings
The dog and pony show is going on right now trying to cover everybody's ass
We can do a better job of defending the American people which we are going to do Bush told the crowd in Little Rock Arkansas
We need to know what they're thinking and they're what they're planning on doing before they do something
The president's admission comes on the eve of that joint House Senate intelligence panels first hearing and what the country spies and law enforcement agents
New about Osama your mom had been lawdens terror team before September 11th
Lawmakers have closed the first hearings to the public arguing that releasing details about security goofs would compromise national security
Committee staffers will brief lawmakers and what they've learned so far after about a hundred interviews and reviewing
30,000 pages of intelligence documents
Buried in another 300,000 pages according to USA today
It's proof that US agents intercepted al-Qaeda communications before September 11th and even infiltrated the group
But couldn't figure out what remarks such as something biggest happening and tomorrow be a great day for us meant until it was too late
What does that mean tomorrow be a great day for us?
That was the warning on September 10th. They said something biggest happening and tomorrow be a great day
This is that September 10th. They're still we're still having hearing to try to figure out what they meant by that
You think they might have been referring to the attacks on the World Trade Center in the Pentagon. Maybe maybe probably not
God are they stupid or what? Huh?
Boy, it's it it pains me just to think about it
You'll be you're like this this will make you day
Judge clarifies Florida citrus rule
Yeah, no, you will like this and judge said his earlier ruling that the state's new citrus canker eradication laws
Unconstitutional applies all throughout Florida
The law passed earlier this year requires Florida agriculture agents to cut down all healthy citrus trees within
1900 feet of any being chopped down because they're infected with canker
The law also said the agents could work under a single countywide search warrant entering the yard of any home and taking trees
Even if the owner's objected but circuit judge Leonard fleets ruling said that was unconstitutional
His Monday ruling came after lawyers for the Florida Department of Agriculture asked for an emergency hearing to clarify
Whether it's ruling applied statewide he said it did there's only one constitution that applies to the entire state
He'd be saying the state plans to appeal
Agriculture commissioner Charles Bronson has said the state should do whatever it could to protect Florida's 9 billion all the citrus industry from canker
Nice going for the judge. Let's hear it
He says we don't just pick and choose this block over here and a couple blocks over there and over by Georgia's house because guys
Don't like him. No, it's all over the state
5 6 7 0 5 60 we're taking some calls here this morning
I don't see many on the board which I'm really shocked because you know when we give that opportunity doesn't have to do off on a show
Bad mistake yesterday by the way 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Q.A.M
That was it that's the only one. Okay. Well, it's good. Like I said, we're gonna go back to our Toronto format Q.A.M
Neil yes, sir
Coming to South Florida. I know that we had that several days ago. Okay, great
Say that that's the excitement I come back for three days. What's the exciting news? We're getting crystal in South Florida
Let's head. Oh, we're getting those greasy little crystal burgers
Was it sunrise and power line I believe
Somebody thanks that to us. Yes. I'm pretty sure that's what it was
And we don't want to overdo that because we don't want to piss off our friends a little caboose not even
We're not even always way down there in Dave County, but you know when crystal wants to buy some spots on this station
And we'll give them a lot more plugs. I I a regret that I plugged steak and shake so much. I apologize profusely
In fact, there probably a lot of people not here anymore. I'm sorry. We'll send them flowers
Because of my recommended well, you know, it used to be great. All I can tell you is my honest opinion
It used to be great steak and shake over in Tampa and Orlando all around the rest of the state
And I guess because they figure most of the people in sunrise, you know gum their food anyway that the burgers can be like all falling apart and like real greasy
Their burgers suck their fries are grotesque the shakes are still great
Well, I don't feel so bad now because it's way over there by you
But they're opening up around town different places not not certainly not by you
But I will tell you I will tell you though if you want to go get some blood testing done
There's this great place in the industrial park over there right up by where we used to work
You can stop off and say hi to disneying and Cheryl that address you gave that's on the east side of university, right
On taft the address of what where you want to get your blood. No, it's on the west side. Okay, but still taft right around university
No, okay, it's taft around the south of Sheridan street
Well, taft all the taft I'm right at west of 441. Oh, okay. Yeah, no not far away bad. That's uh
Do you know where I'm talking exactly where you're talking? You're talking about my doctor's office my mother's doctor's
Oh, you're familiar with it. Well, I've driven through there
I'm driven driven through the area
But what does that mean? It's just it's an industrial kind of low rent
Yeah, kind of area are you not going to people living at part of Hollywood? No, I would never yes you are
I think most got a point. Oh the beast just came in to tell us what happened this morning on the emol Howard show
Well, in case anybody missed any of the highlights as he ran the motor was in there with that little little bimbo from the apanther organization
What
It's not bimbo. I didn't see her
What was her name give him the mic. Okay, you know
He got all been out of shape because he's got the hots for whatever her name is that is not a bimbo. Well, what was her name?
That's Robin Robin and what is she do then does she service the players or what is what does not she does not she's in community relations
And she's very sweet and calm. She's in player relations. No community relations
Horizontal relations is that what she does well at any rate Randy said she was good
And what she did he said he said she was good at what she did
She's a very good friend of mine. Oh, I see that's what it was all about more incestuous relation. Why is you getting some of that
No
I doubt it maybe he loses another 30 pounds maybe the next thereafter
You know, it's how shiny his head is now they lost that weight on balance for life his head is shiny like a beacon
Yeah, so at least no won't get lost now that you're in there in the morning
Although he did tell me you were kind of stupid, but that's beside the point
So and the interesting part of it is they were in there for 10 minutes and like I told Randy when it came in here to say hi my good friend Randy
Motor red your Randy former Buffalo Saber. I said gee right now for 10 minutes. I didn't hear any hockey talk. He said oh moe hey talky
So even everybody else knows that if the panther people are gonna come in here
They're gonna have to talk about other extraneous crap and certainly not hockey because motor like it
Just ask Gelly hilltide. He would if he if he mentions puck
Right away, you know, he did not let's go to Eddie and uh for Lauderelle
You know, and there we go on to the next crank call
So
Anyway, the beast used to enjoy working here you better watch yourself because I'm telling he's on pins and needles anybody associates with us is bad
And in fact, I thought you weren't allowed in here. Are you not allowed to a concert with us?
Nobody associated with our morning show the moe Howard chose allowed to associate with us because we're bad guys
Just wants to use the microwave and you had to mention that he's here well. We allowed him to use the microphone
Yeah for a starter to defend his close friend Robin. I'm sure it's a lovely fine young girl, which he's hoping to
Do
He's nodding his head. Yes nodding his head. Yes very enthusiastically
I'm gonna have to restrain myself because there's something else that I almost was gonna get into but I'm not gonna do it quite yet
Now I tell I go back to Toronto
WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, Neil. We all know her name too. Yes, sir. How you doing pretty good?
Um, I would rather listen to Joe. Uh, George is unlistenable. I tune him out and um, you agree
Otherwise you would not have had Joe Costello audition last week. Well, well wait a minute when you say I agree
I didn't know he wasn't auditioning he was not auditioning
I thought that since Joe has been doing his own show now for several months
I thought by having the two of them on together since they've all worked a lot together anyway in the past
I thought that they would make for the strongest combination. That's all when I'm not here
When isn't a good idea to do what I think is the strongest combination?
Well, I was not auditioning anybody
Well, you can do whatever you want it. You're 1879. Okay. Thanks
I already did what you said three times by the way I had a dump what you said, but you can begin with an S
I had three big uh mohowers this morning already thanks to PD Lenny. Thank you so much PD for cleaning out my system
See when you got an endon I sound better already my feel better not hacking
Yeah, because when you got that that fluid or cool whatever the hell it is
You know the doctor looked there you got some congestion
What a doctor the one that suck his finger in my rectum
With it without a glove. I think it was his finger. I sure hope so
I mean, I don't know him that well yet. I'm sure it wasn't my type in addition to which I well
5670560 so there's an a little shot at George
And an enthusiastic vote for Joe
The pool boy look at it. We got anyone votes in in a heartbeat look at that
This is going to get a lot of votes here to them. I'm telling you that now because the audience feels to be feeling strong about this
On of course, I know something that's just pulled off the road
You know this places where you can go and you can buy the hour rent the computers the library
Well places like that they have commercial places like I didn't know that yeah internet places
Well anyway, somebody I'm in the way back home. I this is just a rumor pulled off to vote on this uh that you sucked
I don't want to mention no names on the air okay. We'll chamblin rape me
When Neil was on vacation. How do you like the George and Joe so uh, so George was good Joe sucked 18
18 George was good Joe sucked
I don't give me a look like that yet. Joe's not gonna take it personal. Are you thinking well?
I just figured the other ones would have gotten something. I listened a lot. It was fine
16 you should be very happy you should be pleased especially since you've been on a on a verge of getting
Can for like the last several weeks because somebody hates your guts
I listened very little I hated it 16. I didn't listen to a period 15 including me of course. I was an Amsterdam
I listened every day. It was great 13 and Joe was good George sucked seven
So you got like 23 George was good Joe sucked 23 are the is the audience following this no
It's all confusing the way I worded it, but I'm trying to give everybody a chance to get ripped
We're equal to opportunity rippers on this show
956 at 560 so what what day you get down the scale probably probably should do it tomorrow
Because tomorrow's my last day before I get out of here. I want to witness the scale
I know because these reports not that I doubt the veracity
But I want to see it myself
All right, so shoes off
Well, of course, oh, and I had to get weighed with my shoes on at the doctor yesterday. I don't like that. I hate that
And I got these nice heavy new balance walking shoes. They're great shoes, but they're they're heavy
Plus I have my wallet with all that money in it
Which I wish they would have noticed there was a big fat wallet with checks and money in it
So they wouldn't send me to that place for indigent the shleppers to get the blood test, which I didn't stay there
Yeah, they sent me to a place. It's like a place for shleppers where you can't where you have no insurance
I didn't realize it
And everybody in there is a bunch of schwarzes and deadbeats and I don't want to be redundant, but it was terrible
Thanks, ma you really know how to do it sweetheart
This is the same woman who spent $2,300 for a hearing aid that she can't wear
Why not? What doesn't fit huh?
Hey, at springtime again, that means one thing time to clean up that house
That's right eliminate the carpets of the dirt and the germs and dust that cause you're on your allergies to flare up
It's the time to call the best in the universe dry concept some of my best friends over there
I've been doing business with them for well over 20 years. I might just get in close to while I see it
I've been here since 79 20 or three years and most of that time I've been having them clean my carpets in my house because they're phenomenal
There's some of the people in this town some of the few you can really count on
Grodt Concepts technicians are schooled and certified by the Institute of Inspection Cleaning Restoration
In other words to make a long story short they really know your their crap and your crap too
And they give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the work soon
I have to worry about getting ripped off when they get done
When the job is finished your carpets are drying a couple of hours
And you're gonna have a big smile on your push you're ready to rock and roll again
So get everything in tip top shape when out of that spring is coming to a close pick up the phone
And call our good friends and dry concepts believe me they'll never let you down
And they also do is depend on your furniture and drapery at a poultry as well in Broward called dry concepts at 954
370 7778
954 370 7778 and date in Palm Beach you can call them tool free 1 800 248 5071
1 800 248 5071 clean today
You'll be able to entertain tonight with dry
Promise keepers storm the gates
We put a retarded girl in our all-in-machitza b-sheet to show you how well it drives
Our agency thought this would move some product out of the showroom
Look at her go
This is funnier than watching retards at the park
If someone had severely retarded can have that much fun in an empty space
That's retarded! She's having a lot more things to do
10-1-560 WQM happy Tuesday too by the way like I said George is going to be doing the show alone on Thursday
Not that I'm influenced by the audience who understand but in this particular case
And the good news is I get a very nice facts from my ed
I don't want to mention his last name on here
But thank you very much about lab test and he's got an independent lab and he's got the location here
Which is not the at all inconvenient for me
It says you can come in early before your show if you need to fast for your test right time after your show
See one thing about me. I was fasting yesterday even though it was like by the time I got to that awful place on the
Industrial Department was like almost to a clock already was after two o'clock
And I was fasting I wasn't gonna pass out you don't have to worry about me
I don't have low blood sugar, okay? Do I look like I'm missing any meals?
I'm not gonna pass out from not eating until after two
Get somebody mess with the thermostat in here is it warm in here?
You're a little warm in here. You're a little warm in here. I'll go just don't just you know I'll take care of it all right
Oh
Man just you can fit your brains out. I'm sitting here and I'm thinking Jesus Christ hot in here
So anyway, thank you very much
And I'll be calling you after the show and I'll take advantage of your services
Which means I guess I can't eat again tomorrow during the show which will be good
Good for me and good for the audience too instead of all these stupid interruptions because needle can't the you know
Hold his bowels during the show pretty embarrassing, you know guy 59 years old
Well, am I starting with that age stuff again?
Look at that there he is their holy Moses which is almost as good as Jesus Christ but not quite
Anyway, here's an interesting facts from the Eccleblum plain dealer somebody just sent in
It says while few would decline an invitation to die with a president and first lady Robert Kirk Patrick has no choice
But to say no thanks the dinner is June 19th. He'll be in prison until 2004
The Stark County native received a fundraising letter from vice president Dick Cheney asking him to join the president
Mrs. Bush for a private dinner here in Washington DC the May 8th invitation to the
$2,500 per plate dinner was addressed to Kirk Patrick in prison complete with his inmate number and it's got the number
Cheney asked Kirk Patrick to serve as the representative of St. Claresville home to the Belmont correctional institution
Where he's serving 35 months for drug possession and escape a special place of your honors already been reserved for you to recognize your stint fast support
A president bush the letter said Kirk Patrick says he's never given Bush a dime
hahaha
And we wonder why the cat the cats the terrorists
Why they're screwing up there when our government?
They're sending out invitations to the White House to people are like scumbags in prison who never gave them a dime
I'm gonna tell him i'd be happy to attend because he's gonna have to pull some strings to get me there Kirk Patrick said
A White House spokesperson referred questions to the National Republican Senatorial Committee saying it's their event the committee did not return
I can't imagine why the committee didn't return call seeking comment can't imagine why
Hi, more embarrassment for your president, huh?
God, all I can say about him is stupid.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless.
Next thing you're going to be saying,
invitation to Jesus Christ.
I bet you he's tied up to on it, they can't show up.
Hi, in fact, you know something,
the guy's only working three hours anyway.
We can make him work an extra hour every day,
the Neil and Moe show.
We can have like an hour segment.
And we'll just drop in Jesus Christ.
All of his lines like that is a problem with George.
Yeah, he's stupid.
There you go.
And at least get another hour out of him for crying out a lot.
I mean, even in his advanced days, he can do four hours
for that kind of money.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Live.
I'm sure glad I came back, man.
Oh, this is more fun ahead in at least a week.
WQAM.
Neil, yes, sir.
Do you think George could afford balance for life
if he had to pay for it?
No, every day.
This guy.
Yeah, every day.
So what difference does it make?
You're just jealous that you don't get freebies, you asshole?
Yeah, you jealous that you don't get freebies.
Well, I want to chronic with something else.
I forget why now this is his new kid.
But the good news is he's still listening.
I'll guarantee you listen right through your being on
and Joe being on and might be in sick and everything.
I'll call every single day.
Just like that old New Yorker that called in yesterday
that's our push.
What makes you think they were?
We have to listen to you read the newspaper.
You don't have to listen to anything.
Schmock.
By the way, I could afford it.
By the way, something.
5, 6, 7, 0, 10, not much response here on his phone.
I thought that's what they want to
with these stupid phone calls.
And believe me, they sure are.
If you're part of your expression stupid.
WQ I am.
I see what I mean.
They are WQ I am.
They sure ain't no one's going on.
Yes, sir.
Hey, can I talk to George for a second?
No, you can't.
Well, George is listening.
What do you want?
I saw George over the weekend at the
at the Singular Wireless.
I gave him some CDs.
I don't know what we thought.
At the wild.
Thank you.
I'm enjoying them very much.
You're digging a lot.
Yes, thank you.
What were they?
Very cool.
Big stuff.
Dance mixes.
Oh, OK.
Don't do it.
No, I don't want to.
I got more music than you'll ever see in your
lifetime, pal.
Don't mess with me with music.
OK.
I know where the music coming from.
I live where the music's coming from.
I don't have to get a bunch of cheap CDs like
Hugo's George's, you know,
Snorren Freebies like Balance for Life.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
I'm not going to knock my good friends at Pompadot Park, but all through the years there's been one philosophy, and that is that at Pompadot Park everybody's a driver.
My little dog Tiny could get in the sulky and drive over there. He'd be a driver, they'd listen in the program.
Cut the crap guys before somebody gets killed.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
George.
Yeah.
Fill the mailman on a mobile.
Fill the what?
Mailman on a mobile.
Fill the mailman.
N-O!
How you doing, Bill?
What happened to our main beliefs?
What happened to them?
They were beat up and bloodied and they did a very vaniate job in a loss. That's what happened, Bill.
Yeah, but this next series is going to be great. Detroit's going to beat them in three.
Beat them in three.
There's another South Florida hockey expert.
Oh!
They're going to beat them in three straight.
In fact, maybe he can call up Moentawks and hockey tomorrow sounds good to me.
Sounds like a match made in heaven.
Stupid.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on 8.
Seriously.
We-he-this guy could be having the time of his life, you know?
He really could be having a great time here.
And instead, he takes it all personal. That's what just amazes me.
We're having a good time, Mo.
Not at your expense.
Say, well, partly at your expense.
But what's wrong with that?
He could have a good time at my expense.
And don't bother me.
I-I'm-I'm blown away by the fact that after yesterday, after I walked out of there yesterday morning,
he was bent out of shape.
That it just shocks me.
I thought that I was attacking him.
He-I didn't intrude on his show.
Did I say I think I'm going to go in here and bust his balls on his show?
Did I say that?
No.
He sent a messenger in here to invite me to come on in to Wish him Happy Birthday.
To suck his ass and Wish him a Happy 69 birthday.
And then after I did that, and, you know, I turned around and walked out.
Hey, aren't you going to sit down and invite me to sit around for a few minutes?
And I did.
And we had a great time.
We had a gay old time.
It was great.
Oh, yeah, a little tongue action there.
Yeldy was trying to get in on it.
He did have the biggest penis in the room.
Yeldy, I'll tell you that.
And then, of course, when I did that thing with Tom Brady, saying,
of course, I can't believe he was doing that stupid thing about it.
If you could be one person in the world who would-
I mean, that kind of stuff went out with like, uh, Nickers, okay, Mo?
Those kind of shows.
If you could be one sports person, who is your-
if you could interview one sport, yeah, that's like 85 different variations on the same thing.
And so I said, Tom Brady, and what was wrong with that?
There are a lot of us who wouldn't mind being Tom Brady, huh?
Like being that young, like being that tall, like to have the, you know,
the muscle, the body like that.
Like to be getting all the action he's getting, whatever the hell it might be.
And I'd like to have a penis that big too.
I'll tell you that right now.
And I've never seen Tom Brady's penis, but being like 64,
I would imagine he's probably hung like a goddamn gorilla.
Nothing, it's a big McGillah, but nonetheless.
I know I'm being stupid.
56670560.
Count 5608080.
Adverizon wireless time.
Align, whatever the hell it is.
I'm just blown away.
Well, it's good.
The beast is sitting in there.
I shouldn't mention the beast is sitting there.
I'll probably get fired tomorrow.
The beast is not sitting in there.
It's just an image of Mirage.
It's just like a little puddle of what used to be.
It's a pocket of that air.
It's a pocket of 30 pounds of fat air.
What do you used to have?
Or maybe it's a pocket, like the one I left there in the tea room before.
A gigantic pocket after I took those two big Howard Davids.
Hey, the beast has lost 30 pounds on balance for life.
And you can do the same thing.
They came to my house last night and knocked on the door and left me my little black sack.
Now, I don't have it here this morning.
And I wish I did because then I would have eaten that stuff that PD Lenny brought in.
That made me crap my brains out.
Balance for life, by the way, speaking of your bowel movements,
will make you give you some of the loveliest bowel movements you ever had in your life.
Because it's great food.
It's the quality ingredients that everything they make.
Really get your stomach straightened out too.
And if you have IBS, it's almost like an instant cure.
Trust me when I tell you.
Three hormonally balanced gourmet meals.
Two delicious snacks.
Even a little 60-nots bottle water.
That's what you'll find in your little black sack every morning.
Which they deliver right to you by 6 a.m. at home at work wherever you want.
Promptly every day.
So get in shape for summer studying right now.
Don't forget to even let you choose for between two alternatives for each meal for every day that you're on the program.
Please don't forget, pass on the Babaganouj.
Just say no to Babaganouj.
Call balance for life right now.
They do all the work.
You don't have to do shopping.
You don't have to con calories or carbs.
The weight will just melt off.
You just like the formerly gigantic humongous beast.
Call balance for life at 9.5.4.
5.6.8.30.229.
9.5.4.56.8.30.229.
Check out their website.
9.5.6.8.30.229.
And beat that gator meat.
Hey!
I locked on poor dog neck.
I locked on poor dog neck.
I only need one hand on my mouth to look and get hard.
Behind my desk.
I am sitting by my hands.
Like I'm coming out of the field myself.
Stroke the weight.
I'm gonna take some time to get in with my new world.
I see online.
I'm over and over.
Make me feel alright.
Over and over and I'll be online.
All night.
The things are all the same.
Need to be doing better on my bone.
And every tired hand.
I'll try a bookmark now.
So I can feel myself.
And sweater night around my keyboard.
Or the shelf.
I'm gonna take some time to get in with my little.
I see online.
Over and over.
Make me feel alright.
Over and over and I'll be online.
I'm gonna take some time to get in with my little.
I see online.
Over and over and I'll be online.
Over and over and I'll be online.
That's your end.
I love that.
10.14.5.60.WQAM.
I tell you Joe, it's a good thing he's sleeping right now.
Because they are just ripping him and ass.
And the votes are pouring in on this pool.
Well, I break a record for a during the show number.
156 and at this pool didn't go up to like what?
About 10.40. Something like that?
10.40.
9.40. Well, that's a mirror time time.
Something like that.
10.40.
Here's the facts from Ron and Forlorn while you got 151 votes.
George was good, Joe.
This is, let me read it again.
Case in, way tuned in late, which we can,
where you missed a good stuff.
I'll tell you that right now.
You probably didn't even hear that.
We'll chamblin' rate me.
While he was on vacation, how did you like the George and the Joe show?
We asked.
George was good, Joe sucked 39.
I didn't listen to what 34.
I listened a lot, it was fine, 28.
I listened very little, I hated it, 27.
I listened every day, it was great, 20.
And Joe is good, George sucked 13.
There's six different categories there, so it's kinda hard to keep track,
which is the way I did it intentionally.
Keep you off guard.
Off balance.
So George gets a very high marks there.
George was good, Joe sucked 39.
And Joe was good, George sucked 13.
So, like I said, Joe will not be doing the New Roger show,
but it was a wonderful experience for him,
and he's very grateful, and left me a couple of nice messages
on my voice, my little Toronto one.
Great knowing you, Joe.
Stay off the show.
Now, what are you looking like that for?
He's not gonna like stop being your friend or my friend.
This is business, and you're just too much of a weak sister, okay?
I love him dearly.
Yeah, so.
Well, I don't want to get a second place.
Unless you want to talk about it online,
then I know you guys go to Treasure Island a lot.
Maybe there's something going on there we don't know about.
That's what Moses just told me.
Are you not supposed to be in here?
Are you supposed to be in here?
I can't figure out what to say or what not to say,
because we got so many people who are not supposed to be in this place,
and I just, I don't know what to say at this point.
Or that was the last time I was here,
you weren't supposed to be here, right?
He wasn't here last time.
Anyway, Ron and Fort Lauderdale says,
thanks for the information regarding the citrus canker saga.
It's the Florida Agricultural Department.
If they're so concerned about saving the billion dollar
Florida citrus industry and continually use the cutting down a citrus tree
with a 19-hour foot radius of an effect on canker tree,
then why don't they just cut down the infected trees
with a 19-hour feet of the citrus industry trees?
There you go.
Yeah, so thanks again for the interesting update today,
and you're welcome, Ron and Fort Lauderdale.
Keep fighting the good fight, baby.
Keep fighting those fashions up there in Tallahassee,
who by the way can't find this is your state of action.
It's just only a coincidence I have to have this story next in my pile
with you part of that expression.
Florida can't find a thousand kids in state custody.
It's not just little Rhea.
She's only the tip of the iceberg.
She's just the crack baby of the iceberg
if you part of that expression.
Florida's child welfare agency said yesterday
it was unable to account for about a thousand children in its system,
including about 400 believed to have run away
and more than a hundred others missing
because a non-custodial parent-of-relative took them.
You just hope and pray that nothing happens
and you do your darnest to find them.
Said Larry Pinta Kuda, the assistant secretary of operations
for the Florida Department of Children and Families.
This is a disgrace.
This is a disgrace.
And what's even a bigger disgrace is that the Democratic Party
can't find a real candidate.
Anybody living and breathing to run against Jeb Bush
because we could kick his ass.
Could send him right back there to Texas
to see if he can help fix more elections.
But you know, he won't have to worry about fixing this one
because the fix is already in.
Because as far as I'm concerned,
the potential Democratic candidate looks a little shaky to me.
As soon as any kid we think is missing
were notifying law enforcement, said Larry Pinta Kuda.
The agency made the announcement after caseworkers tried to visit
46,000 foreign-three children under the agency's jurisdiction last month.
Governor Bush ordered the agency to see all the children
after the Department of April revealed
that five-year-old Rillia had not been counted for in 15 months.
But the department's review seemed to raise more questions and answers.
The agency couldn't answer whether the review turned up any new cases of missing children
or if any children were located in areas different from where they were supposed to be.
In addition to reports of missing children different from one of the Department of
Law and Force have been said that the agency had given them
the law enforcement agency said the DCF reported 155 missing them through May.
In a conference call by reporters Pinta Kuda said
972 were unaccounted for, not 155, 972.
He said 401 were classified as runaways.
135 were elisted as of scondid, taken by an un-custodial parent or relative.
421 were listed as out of state, reported to be in placements out of state,
but caseworkers, no states did not visit them.
Ten were missing because the family had moved or was on vacation.
Caseworkers could not visit four of the children because of court orders preventing them from doing so.
Pinta Kuda said the agency hopes to interview 265 more children by the end of the week,
saying caseworkers ran out of time to interview them last month.
Acts that the agency definitely knows where those children are, Pinta Kuda said,
until you see them, we don't know, but we think we know where they are.
In other words, somewhere between like North Carolina and Utah,
somewhere between the Mexican border and Vancouver.
Pinta Kuda defended the agency's work, saying the girl to interview all children in one month was extremely ambitious.
He said no state in this country interviewed as many children as the caseworkers inflored in the last month.
He said the number of runaways was not unusual because the kids come and they go.
Pinta Kuda said the agency interviewed about 98% of the children,
while states and federal law requires 90%.
I don't know if we'll ever see 100% he said our people did a heck of a job,
but when the reporters said the agency still fell short of the governor's order, Pinta Kuda responded,
you're right.
The governor's office, of course, like everybody else in this state, had no immediate comment.
They're mum, and they're not returning phone calls, and they don't want to be bothered.
And they're busy out buying new births for other suits with your taxpayer money, just like Greg.
56670560.560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WQAM.
I heard D-PRO has got the ball and chain off, maybe they can bring him back.
At least he had a personality.
Yeah.
And it wasn't uptight.
At least he had a sense of humor.
Even about his arrest and everything had a sense of humor.
I'll say that for him.
Right?
Yes, he does.
Pro-mode my name didn't have any problem with George, and the rumor I'm hearing is that Joe Rose is just itching to get back on a radio.
Where'd you hear that?
I think you told me that.
I did not.
I'd see. Well, you'd try to dig a hole.
So I'm like, you know, offering you an added chal jumping.
56670560.
We got it.
Look, we're going to have by you know, 1030.
We're going to have over 200 votes already.
We have bust air all the records today.
That's how big this responses.
That's how strong this audience feels.
100.
See, now I start getting a little bit suspicious.
When he always on vacation, how do you like the George and Joe show?
We got 199 votes in much less than an hour.
I mean, if you extrapolate that, if you like expand that out, that would be we're going to like 800 votes by the time I leave it one o'clock.
I don't think so.
But they feel strongly about it like I said.
George was good.
Joe sucked 45.
I didn't listen to what 36.
I listened very little.
I hated it 33.
So categories 2 and 3 is about 35%.
Which is about like usual.
About 35%.
I listened a lot.
It was fine 32.
Joe was good.
George sucked 29.
Oh, he's making a comeback now.
George and Joe is probably awake.
He's probably on the phone with all his buddies, all his race car fans.
Listen every day.
It was great 24.
So that's a lay Atlanta nothing right now.
It's a smoking WQ.
I am.
Hey George, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, I like you.
Okay.
Yeah.
No.
I'm fine.
Riding with you people left.
People left.
You know, I you guys suck.
You guys continue to suck.
There's not a pigeon even in the sky.
And it's the same old sick tired crap.
It's me again.
Bob, douche when you're done.
Yeah, douche this Bob.
You schmuck.
Or here's a thanks from Angel who says,
oh, this is one of those chronic side of the thing.
Yesterday I tried to call modesty.
If you asked me who did I want to be instead of myself,
I was gonna say Greg reed so I can fire your ass. God he sucks. I couldn't get a
Incasus freaking family called 20 times each. I miss D.Fo and that's a lot to say it says angel
But he like that not can poor Mo. I'm gonna tell you something angel
There's only one thing we can say about you and believe me stupid is the word
But a good point
Let's see Harry Bush do we have any idea also Nate? I don't know what the hell this is an uncle. Hi man Bush
I have no idea what this is anybody sent me somebody's obituary. I have no idea who that was some Bush not spelled like the president
Man used chainsaw to kill himself police say West Palm Beach a
Landscape or took his own life with a gas powered chainsaw on the top deck of the Esperanti building garage late last night
According to police a maintenance employee beginning to work on vital men men in these
Yeah, that's right
33 dead in bed of his pickup truck shortly before 6 a.m. A
Style chainsaw that he cut halfway through his neck from behind was what?
Steel the brand name STI 8 while it's figured a
STI HL chainsaw that cut halfway through his neck from behind was still in his hands
Well, if it was from behind how they know he done it
How do you cut yourself from behind rich around?
Police did not suspect anyone else was involved in his death menaceys have laid forth at a history of arrest at the beginning
We were 17 our charges that included kidnapping sex offense against the child in battery
But it says he had a
Cut halfway through his neck from behind and a chain star was still in his hands
How do you how do you do that?
What an easy, but you can do it. Well, I guess he succeeded
I guess if you determine you can get it done
5 6 7 0 I guess we better go back to our friend. I mean probably out still there. Hello
Is there like I said we had a power failure, but you're still no I've told you though
Not clear
How you doing okay?
We're gonna miss you. I'm the one who's always called. What do you mean? What does that mean? We're gonna miss you? What does that mean?
No, I mean over the summer when you go to met when you go to the middle. Oh, well, I'll be on Tuesdays and Tuesdays
Okay, I'm the one Frank. I'm the one who calls who is in the Air Force based over there
Yeah
I mean what part of
The Netherlands do you say I'm just Amsterdam? Yeah, I'm all around Amsterdam. Have you ever been to Detroit? No
Okay, I hear you tracks pretty boring. No actually it's pretty
The Queen mother of lives over there like I said I hear it's we had enough Queens in Amsterdam
We don't need to go to you try. No, but I just want to say I think George is a great job
Okay, thanks have a great day and by the way said you're not as type 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT and T and Verizon
Wireless line got a lot of lines open here today. I'll tell you that right now
Boy, I'm not gonna tell you one thing. I'm not gonna go back and beg for calls
I got a whole stack of crap here and take me up till midnight if I want to continue going
236 votes what did I tell you my kids a 300 votes by the time we get through with an hour?
We might bust all records here today
Because George and Joe both have their buddies on the phone call and they got the internet the chat lines going
I
Saw George running a thorough rock out the window. He had a pigeon waiting there to take the message spread it around town
Drop a little number stopped calling out since that thing started right
236 votes while they was on vacation. How do you like the George and Joe show George was good Joe sucked?
52 people said that
I listen very little I hated it 41 George Joe was good George sucked 40
Yeah, yeah, not that you're being a little bit obvious out there those of you try to dick without polo today
I didn't listen to a 38 listen to a lot it was fine 37. I listen every day. It was great 28
I don't want to get too carried away with that crap
Speaking of crap
Peepee Lenny
Brought out the best in me this morning. Let's try a three-jagged Antiquence
Anyway, and that course reminds me of our good friends and delights of West Bokin
I will say this if you're one of those people in the sensitive stomach some of that carbohydrate free stuff read the labels very carefully
That's my suggestion to you. That's right if you're one of those overweight people and we know there plenty of you out there
We want to welcome back and I'll fit it up. You squeeze into a really an ice bathing suit this summer
Do you like to voice Bokin the oldest and largest low-carb super-store in South Florida and the official Atkins diet center?
Dining is amazing these days because with the introduction of Splenda a lot of those diet products have dropped the sweeteners that were harsh on your stomach
Like I was just saying only moments ago, but unfortunately peepee Lenny don't bring any of those good new ones in you like to voice Bokin
Curious thousands of diet products supplements vitamins diet books everything you need to lose the pounds
You thought we're so hard to get rid of you like to also carries the largest selection of bakery products like pancake mix
Brids cookies cheesecakes brownies muffins and eclairs and you like to also carries low-carb and sugar-free products like pasta sauces ketchup crackers
Candy champion like chocolate in their famous cover lot ice cream too head to Delights of West Bokin try before you buy it
That's right you can taste anything the store before you have to make a purchase the knowledgeable staff in Delights
I'll put you on the right path to getting slim call 1 877 low carb or check out their website lowcarb.com
And of course you can visit their store. It's on the northeast corner of blades in 441 and bokeh
Place on that old meal sent you by Delights and West Bokin your
The cold and cold sea withy mornings from 69 on sports radio 5-6
She will be a Roger Scott
Yeah, Rosie your downhunt can't believe she's gay
A big fan of the W and V.A.
Rosie your downhunt it must be your rules
For all of these years you've claimed in the town of Cruz
Yeah, you must realize we knew it
Honestly, it's not that big a shock
If you and Ricky Markman were to do it
It'd be a croc for both of them yet
Rosie your downhunt gave up all the lies
Now I hope they've been laying at Missy like sky
Christ 1031 at 560 WQAM. So we got the game players down the street
We haven't heard from them in a little while now the ones that like to manipulate our poll so to speak
And they're diddler with the man first they had George way there in the lead
And they were like pumping in all the phony votes and other pump it all in for Joe
Maybe there two or three groups that play with the poll 55
55 say George was good Joe suck, but now 51 say Joe was good and George sucked
I
Love it
56705 I'm gonna get back to my stuff. Okay, I'm not gonna like pump the numbers
I thought we'd actually get a bunch of calls here for three days
See when you don't even have enough phone calls to fill up two days that tells you it's just been a waste of time all these years
That I finally did the right thing you know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh the right thing
WQAM
Hi, yes sir
Screamless awesome. Yeah
Um, okay George and uh and Joe Joe's
Uh, I was pleasantly surprised he's not that bad
It's definitely talked about cars
The thing it's really well first of all George is uh, we as we know he's a mumbleer
But he's also a mopper and a grumbler whenever
Mumbleer and grumbler and grumbler and don't forget beside that stupid
Yeah, yeah, I'm here. Oh
Um, yeah, and whenever Joe is talking that's when you really it sounds like like George like it's resentful like he
When he would grumble and moap and I don't know like it's George just stick to your day job. You're a good side man
And the other thing is star wars blows any talk of star wars blows. It's it's boring. It's nerdy ponders. Oh
God, it's terminal. Please stop it. Okay, I'm out of material. You want to hear about it on issue? I'll tell you that
So how's that Hayden Christians in doing 27 to 11 at 560 WQA and 560 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on it
I'm gonna go to my stuff here. I might take a call later on these people get some material which I doubt
Let's face it. You don't have it folks. You don't have it. You never did have it
You guys oh, I heard the guy with the eyes got on here this morning
That's just a rumor that I'm spreading now, but it happens to be a true and the guy with the eyes was on oh my god
I'd rather hear that retarded Steve caller
U.S. Bishop to propose to propose austing abusive priest. You know, it's not only hot in here, but it's clammy
I think the AC is out. Don't you?
Must be maybe when the power went out when we had that little oblique there because it's it's hot and clammy
See I don't have that problem up in Toronto in my apartment. I can control you get as much AC as I want in there
I can open up a window get a nice breeze between my knees whatever I need
And here just on the second morning already. It's hot and it's steaming. It's clamming. It's uncomfortable
I think the AC's out in this goddamn building. This place is a turlid
And let me just tell you one other thing make a prediction
And I hope for your sake, you're not the one somebody's gonna either wind up getting killed or stranded for a hell of a long time in that elevator this summer
Because that thing whoever the inspector is ought to be in prison
Whoever inspects the elevators in his room. I got into that thing this morning and it just kind of like hesitant to press the button
It hesitant and clunk you felt his loud clunk and then all of a sudden it took off
It's a thrill ride we ought to sell tickets. Jesus, Kay Christ. Are you kidding me Greg?
US bishops to propose to propose I still can't read it. Outs thing abusive priest
The US conference of Catholic bishops is proposing to ask the pope to defrock every priest who sexually abuses a minor in the future
As well as any priest who's abused more than one minor in the past according to a draft policy to be released today
The bishops as expected will also suggest a requirement that every diocese in the country
report all accusations of sexual abusive minors to secular authorities for investigation
And the bishops are expected to offer an apology
Not only for the behavior of abusive priests but also for the mishandling of abusive priest by bishops
The recommendations are part of a draft charter for the protection of children and the young people that the bishops will debate and vote on in the meeting in Dallas next week
The draft was released to bishops yesterday and a copy was obtained by the Boston Globe
It'll be issued publicly in Washington DC where the bishops organization is based
Our beloved church is experiencing a crisis without precedent in our times that the draft document says
From the depths of our hearts we express great sorrow and profound regret for what the Catholic people have had to endure
How about the people of word Catholic how about the rest of the world?
We'll have to put up with all this phony bullcrap
The sexual abuse of children the young people by some priest and bishops and the ways in which these crimes and sins were too often dealt with
By the bishops have caused the enormous pain anger and confusion they be saying they've strained the bonds of trust that you'd unite us
The proposal was crafted by an eight member committee of bishops that's met over the last several months
And in effort to respond to the clergy sex abuse crisis royling the church. There's that word again. Royling. We love it
CCR used it most of their songs
Royling
This is a real there's the ac just came on again somebody must have been dealing with it tonight. They heard you yeah
This is a real turning point bishops George H. Need to a rower of Salt Lake City a member of these sex abuse committees
In a telephone interview never until now have we successfully committed ourselves to this and convinced each other in a church that we must follow these principles
And it goes on a great great length, but you know it's another dog in pony show and they're trying to save push
You know Jimmy Carter was trying to push push in Bosnia these people are trying to save push in Dallas with this big meeting the dog in pony show that's going on
And let me say it again
jail is the term we ought to be thinking about sending them to jail turn them over to the authorities having them
convicted and
Put away for a long time
put in a
Very very small cell with our goldstein for weeks at a time
British rockers help queen celebrate you know the media here. I don't know why
Because I hate to break the news to you nobody in this country gives a crap about this
nobody
There are more people who care about the scapegoat trial than nobody cares about that
It's going to the jury this morning by the way. It's in their hands
British rockers help queen celebrate
Thousands cheered queen Elizabeth the tooth yesterday
As she rewrote through the streets of London in a resplendent procession escorted by cavalry and mounted bans to celebrate the 50th anniversary of her reign
Excited spectators many clutching British flags gathered along the route hours before the procession from Buckingham Palace
The St. Paul's Cathedral after the exuberance of a celebratory rock concert Monday night
It was time for a solemn regal celebration of the queens 50 years is monarch to accommodate four days of celebration
It's going on well. Let's see. It's a it's 4.30 in afternoon. They're still doing it right now
No, it's 3.30. They're five hours
Yeah, they're in hour behind the rest of Europe literally and figuratively in every way possible
They don't have the euro. They don't have squat all they got is the freaking queen and all the silly people
These prissy people running around with the big tiaras and the diamonds and all the expensive crap while they're schlepping
That's right just like all the people that I see a great similarity between the the British monarchy and the Catholic Church
Pop pop and circumcise that's what it's all about and by the way Pete Lenny I'm getting ready for a number four
Yeah, everybody out there knows what number one is and what number two is
I'm already this morning up to number four. How do you like that? Here have one of these sugar-free cough drops. Yeah
That should kick it in real good
I was there another like 60 and that break there because I don't think two minutes is gonna
Oh, I see look at that. I don't really have a limiter. I think that might cut it
That's a you know a life saver. Oh, there's something ready. How about some sugar free lifesavers
All I can say to you, Pete Lenny is Jesus Christ. Don't come in here again with that crap
You you crazy person you
It's just it's just like you might as well put it on a videotape. It's the same scene over and over again
He keeps coming to hear with that stuff every time I show up here putting it in front of my face
I said get it out of here. No, no, but this is brand new and yeah all the same stuff the same act
And then within a half an hour on the I'm on the throne running back up in down a hall like some kind of a jackass
If we can get MTV to come in here and film the next episode
292 votes and I bet you at least a hundred and more real
In fact, it's probably up to 300 by the time. Yeah, look at that exactly 300
When he was on vacation. How did you like the George and Joe show George was good Joe sucked 62 Joe was good George sucked 62
I listened a lot of was fine 50. I didn't listen to it 47. I listened very little. I hated it 45
I listened everything. It was great 34 and like
Morning
It is from six and I
Don't make a
Yeah, they want us to find a way
The reimbursement for back pain
From 200 years ago when they were slaves
Well, I only have a mobile home
A little in a pinch of school
So if you want to ask the hell here's what I gotta say
You've got to kiss a nigger good morning
You tell them that you're sorry for it's labor tomorrow
Yes, a nigger good morning
And that's where everybody to his dead end
If I was born in 1802
Golden slaves ain't something I do
But what were dead people dead to you I have to take the plane
Oh
You see it all for an old money act
With a can of smelly cherry in back
Instead of 40 acres and the mule I have a better way
You've got to yes a nigger good morning
When born on how they're far and far and frame unto
Yes, a nigger good morning
And that's your restitution for it's slave at you
Kiss a nigger good morning
It's illum that you're sorry for it's labor tomorrow
Yeah, got it
Kiss a nigger good morning
And that's where everybody to his dead end gone
1045 don't forget PD Lenny you're off my list now okay don't come anywhere near me again
In fact, I said this about a year ago and I should have stuck by my guns
I wasn't gonna do any more of his account. I have anything to do with him. I mean that he's the man is a killer
I'm back here one day and like less than a half an hour sitting in this chair
And he's already got me sick my insides are like like my guts are falling out
From that sorbetal he just will not stop
But if I'm stupid enough to keep doing there's only one place in a person to blame
The buck stops right here right at the bull
Oh
Fat man in West Palm faxes this in
Two men are in court on drug charges the judge says if over the weekend you can persuade enough people to give up drugs
I'll let you to off
Back to court on Monday the judge asked for the results
I first waited 10 people to give up drugs forever the first man said that's great the judge replies. What did you tell him?
I drew two circles one big one and one small I told him a big circle with their brain before drugs and the small circle was their brain after drugs
The other defendants is I got a hundred people to give up drugs a hundred how I asked the judge
Well, I drew the same two circles. I put it in the small circle. I said this is your asshole before prison
That's old, but it's got a cute you know I'm saying
Brackham had its moments in fact
I was thinking the same thing this is my ass before Pete Lenny came in this morning and now
Well here comes some faxes on a a a survive that they don't want to say anything about it on the air
Which is interesting because I'm doing a screen this thing on a phone and we're getting virtually no response
Including no women of course as usual
But when it comes to the survey we got 80 million votes in some of them are actually legitimate and many faxes for example
I agree with almost everything George talks about I think many of his opinions of you's are right on target however
He is completely incapable of presenting them in an entertaining interesting manner
He has no talent with time Joe may become a good sports broadcaster
But your show isn't the place for practice thanks for being on the internet says Gerard
PS the phony voting on the pool today makes the 2000 election look legitimate good point you are you are
Absolutely correct about this pool, but anyway, it's just for fun
Just like the show today just for fun, but they don't confuse them with that fact
Here's what it says dear Neil
I turned on your station and hopes that I would not hear about regas again. Thank God you're feeling better
I used to listen to all four hours, but I just can't anymore when I hear about regas is monitor in a feminine pedantic soon
When electrical voice I feel obliged to change the station
Do you listen to the show of course not the show is boring without you regardless of what it is it's in for you
Well, when I'm not here. I don't listen to the radio period
Can you imagine me sitting up there in Toronto when I'm like on a day off or today?
I was sick running into the studio and it's playing it up see that I know I don't think so
I'm just I'm not a radio person anymore because most of what I hear in radio
I wouldn't give you a 50 cent for running around with your walkman on right there you go like rimmer for example
Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba oh okay
And he has no shame
He'll get all defensive after I point that out and say oh I should probably get rid of my radio too
And then he'll go right into a thing about while I'm most said this in Georgia that you know he's
He's taking notes on it all day right and I understand there's no hockey going on right now
Which is a good thing as mold the upset if there was
Your station should offer discounts to advertisers whenever Rodriguez speaks your own polls suggest 30 to 40 part for our
30 to 45% of the audience hates George and turns off when he's on so you should discount advertising by the same percentage
Have the opinions have the onions or have the onions and run a poll asking if they turn off the radio when George is on
We're just we're doing that right now
Have the onions what an asshole this person is as far as Joe
I think he blows Rodriguez away skill wise as well
Rodriguez made sure Joe would bond last made by making Joe feel like Schmidt for competing and Joe being a pussy a lot of Rodriguez to do this
PS Bob and Tom rule PS not all Cubans are talentless free loaders living off others like a parasite
So this is some us okay some spec who's accusing you of being a parasite and being like a bad role model for him
Sorry stick it pal
Look at that we got 74,000 votes on a poll
340
When he was on vacation how did you like the Joe and George show?
See now you know as I switch it around it because leading the way Joe was good George sucked 74
George was good Joe sucked 65 they he passed you like you were standing still like you've been tied up and put in the on the railroad tracks
I listened a lot it was fine 61. I didn't listen to it 52
I listened very little I hated it 50 and I listened every day it was great 38
Rough day for one owner writer. I'm sure everybody has seen those pictures on TV about 40 million times
Everybody except you I guess you can see him
The outside the courtroom video no not the outside the courtroom when they were shoving and pushing and not caring on where she allegedly got all banged up
And they had the kind of like a domino effect a chain reaction and she like banged her arm
I'm gonna tell you something if I if I have to see if I have to go to Amsterdam and never come back if and even that won't do it
Because they carry CNN international they got the kingmeister on there
And also on Fox News they also got and you know I'm gonna talk about this mark garragosus the attorney not just for a woman owner writer but also for a garrie condit
So he's on he's got there something about him. He's got that mustache and that kind of there's something about the look on his face
You just want to get a baseball bat and just smack him as hard as you can I
Just despise that man the speckable
But at any rate and boy talk about a media horror he this this made is not all more than 30 minutes at a time
You'll never live more than 30 minutes scanning all the channels without seeing his disgusting sneering push on the air
A preliminary hearing in a shoplifting charges against an older writer that began with an earth judge ordering the Oscar nominee that
Chris to appear in court was cut short yesterday when she apparently broke her arm during a media crush
Now she could have broken her arm by like a little bit of a shove that was going on there then
Good luck to her
Ricketts
In a bizarre twist to a strange day writers lawyer told superior court judge Elden Fox
Then his famous client could not go on with the hearing which had already been postponed four times
Because she needed immediate medical attention looks like another stalling act to me
Attorney Mark Garagos told Fox that writer and trying to return to court a minute crush of TD cameras and reporters
Was struck on a right elbow which was still sensitive from a previous injury by a piece of equipment
They did an x-ray and it turns out she has a broken arm Garagos said later and if you want CNN's Larry King live
There's a fracture on the elbow area
It appears it's a clean fracture
So it looks like it'll heal he said writer gingerly nurse to write elbow as judge Fox excuse the parties from court
And as if they be turned on Thursday
She's quite a trooper. I'll tell you Garagos told CNN it was kind of like a rugby scrum out there
She got a wax from behind in the back of the elbow
Haram and elbow area kind of instantly swelled up right mark
Garagos said he in a sheriff's divot he talked right. I know what this is like. This is like the mafia guys
You know remember the mafia down to east to walk around up and down the streets in his neighborhood with the abathorobon
Late at night. No never saw that thing. No
How much is 79? It's even knows the name of that guy who's one of the mafia dons in Brooklyn somewhere
He used to walk around in the bathroom putting on the act like he was nuts
Did it work for years until they finally took his ass away. I think he's dead
The baby game with Garagos arriving in court without writer explained the fact that he was seeking another postpone
On the matter despite an earlier admonition by the judge
He would not delay the six month old case again
So they they just keep finding ways to delay it
Just delay delay stonewall postpone sounds like Nixon and uh bush to me
God she is just wacky as a bedbag and she thinks it's all a big joke by the way
She was on 39 lives. She was on some other stupid show the other night
Yeah, yeah
Just like everything else there's one set of standards for people with the big big bucks
And then for all the rest of us we can go and get our blood you on at that indigent clinic up on the 29th street
I still can't get over the fact they sent me to that place and and I'm so stupid
I really am stupid. I'm sitting in there and it doesn't sink in like until after about five minutes
Hey, I'm not a belong in this place. This is a place for shluppers
This is a place for people on welfare
I should you know I should give that doctor's uh address on a year the name of that building, you know
I really should why why not
Just to what it's not his fault that your mom sent you to him. Yeah, I should give my mom's address on a year
pitch
Well, she's got some freaking nerve sending me to a bunch of fakers like this
If I could tell you the number of times that she called me
Or every time I talked to her from Toronto. Oh, and I wrote it down the name. Don't forget the appointment like she was doing me a big favor
Whether it's whether it's a car repair shop whether it's a doctor and optometrist whoever it is there should be a motto
Hey
Look at that pure yellow
The motto being this. Oh, you want to see it? The motto being if Neil's mother goes there don't go there
Right very simple I
Could say the same
I'm telling you you're not in the running. I am not it's clear. It's a little yellow. We should tell it's not even Linda Blur green
I
Was doing pretty good until I last um number four kicked in I had to do number four
Man am I stupid?
WQ I am hey, yes sir
Nice to talk to you and it's nice to talk to you sir. I've been listening to you since you came to WIOD
I just probably spent 15 minutes on hold just to tell you that that last
It is that called about your ages mumbling and grumbling and gropeing or whatever to Ellie was talking about
It's total proof that you're right your audience has no got to end like
Yeah, absolutely. I mean to be worried about stuff like that is just
Why and you can be sure that he listened every minute that George was on you can be positive of that
Every stinking day just like everybody who's standing here in fact I cannot believe
Absolute idiots that call and talk about that crap. I've turned on the radio. I listen
I enjoy it when you're done. I turn it off. I do something else
No, I don't I listen to the math dog because he's great. There you go
But it is unbelievable these people got no life at all. They can do is critique a radio show
Yeah, but it kills him good time though. It's a lot of fun. They they're all I guess I guess you're right
It's a kind of stuff that they sink their teeth into because it involves a lot of hate. I hope you feel better
Have a nice thanks a lot. Thank you sir. And just to remember it's a radio show
I keep trying to tell Mo that he keeps telling me I'm stupid five six seven oh five six
But I was shocked when he said this morning. We'll chamblin rate me. I was amazed by that
Maybe maybe that's why he's got that bad attitude. That's why he's a little bit sensitive a little bit touchy
So to speak and act them. Would you affect me that way
WQ I am hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, what's the update on Rick and suds now the update? Yeah
Miss them over here. Well, what what update about what I mean? I can't believe no one picked them up
They're just in limbo. Yeah, I don't know what to tell you. Well, that makes us feel like duty
Yeah
Even D.fo is is on I mean, what's the deal here? Yeah, but I think D.fo has got sponsored
I think he's buying his way on here. I believe yeah, but he's even on an Orlando on on an AM station over here
D.fo is on your land now on six six a.m. Oh my god. Hey, is he even getting phone calls? Can you believe it?
Not really. I got your can't says why stop taking him but nobody knows about Rick and suds
They're right off the air out. It's all I can tell you they're not doing anything
Ah, that's uh, I'm sure would like to fill in for me this summer, but I don't know. It's not a very good idea
Well, George and Joe are kind of weak so maybe like I said Rick and suds this summer now George is good
Okay
Yeah, Rick was calling around
I was back during the time the rumors are being circulated all around time about your ass being canned because mo was all been out of shape about those emails and denying it
And Greg was again making Duff lie and be the intermediate of course, that's just kind of like disappeared
We haven't seen that one in that child for a while. He's he's been out of the coolest brains out for a while
Because this place just you know, you just can't tolerate working for Greg read too long because he just uh, he just don't know how to do it
He just keeps screwing up people's lives over and over again. That's what he does best
He screwed up that morning show and boy look what we got now
And you know what the thing that the motel me about Greg he's stupid
567 05 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon line 1057 a QM
We got mad dog Jim manager one Hank from the york and a bell monitor tree
Marlon on Drek 630 Marlon's at the Phillies at 705
Couple of big crowds this weekend which goes to sure if they played the mets and the Yankees every game
My kids and people out there Eddie K at 10 o'clock right after the ballgame joy mark overnight
That's joe costella who started out this morning really sucking a big one and turns out now was great
the best
If you're thinking of painting your home or business don't pay protect that investment with liquid ceramic
Liquid ceramic the technology born in NASA's space program is available right now in south Florida
Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available
You too can have the same high-tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle protecting your home or building
And you'll never have to paint again. Let me say one more time liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building
You'll never have to paint again. So forget about repainting every few years liquid ceramic won't fade it won't peel
It's guaranteed this state of the art coating yields an R24
Insulation equivalency which helps you bring down those electric bills too liquid ceramics available in over
1800 different colors. So check out liquid ceramic two day call 305
34751 22 liquid ceramics been manufactured and sold for over 40 years in town
And it's available here in south Florida. If you just call 305
3475122 that's 305 3475122 or visit them on the net at liquid ceramic dot tv and when you call be sure and tell
78999
The new rathri show on 560
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station
Okay
Will I just hear
The news today Jesus Christ I asked you out
You said no way
The weekends here
I'm all alone
I'm horny now
And grab my bone with home what oh
And then I close it up and down routine
Thank God more best of lean with palm while over
Love it 0205 60 w2m happy Tuesday to us or the sun is shining. It's beautiful out there
See I would miss having a window out there the window to the world even an Amsterdam I have a window
So I can kind of like peek up and see what's going on out there see if there's any light
I
Draw a little while around on my window any plants growing outside the window
Then I could cultivate 387 votes on a pole so far about 40 of my real I bet
Oh, here's a before you to the poor result. Here's a facts. Here's my take on the show
George used to be terminal, but he's gotten much better his deliveries improved a thousand percent and he's fairly intelligent
Joe is a total fraud. I'm a certified mechanic in race fan. I've listened to Joe show and I wouldn't let him change his spark plug on my lawnmower
The proof that he is clueless is a shilling for NASCAR assholes
Anyone who reads knows about cars is in deformer the one in NHRA NASCAR is to racing what WWF is to Olympic wrestling
The people are no like you're reading are just annoyed by the fact they can't understand what you're reading
Everything on radio and TV is being read the only difference is that the stuff you're reading is written by real journalist and I like the majority of the
Schmidt on the air, which is written at an eighth grade level
Moe is so stupid he makes managed look like a genius
How can anyone say hockey sucks if you want to pick on a bad sport? There's so much crap out there
Keep up the good fight and Georgia still disgusting
There you go that must have been from your mom all right
Hey, my mom loves your show. She listens religiously every minute of it
So he talks about this sex sex yeah, we're disgusting
Nobody q.a.m
q.a.m
What a shame whatever is their chance a chance of greatness right there
Who knows what if he can give him like some cash for that call do you think no probably not
But you never know come into q.a.m
Hey, Mia welcome back and have a good time. Yes, sir. Hey listen. You know, I'm addicted to the the game show channel and um me too
I think Gene Rayburn though. I'm not watching it and being a little older. I think he's a big grouchy blank
Don't you think so could be
I guess I'm a big grouchy dead blank. Yeah, get through on last night show on the Mexican. Yeah, Brian goic
The coach of the Raven
Yeah, didn't get one right
Huh, it was amazing. Okay, thanks. Now you understand why I don't take phone calls most of the time
Was that incredible call or what I mean I'm sorry
Maybe I missed something really good in there, but maybe somebody can translate
I must have to me. It's not a kind of stupid five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Let's stick to the important stuff. Okay like global warming which finally
The Bush administration announced for the first time in a new report that the US greenhouse gas emissions will increase significantly over the next two decades due to mostly human activities
But again rejected an international treaty to slow global warming in other words to boil listening down this from CBS news
There's a long article here, but I can save a lot of time to boil it all down what they said was
Yeah, you know what they're right there is gonna be all this greenhouse gas emission and it's gonna like a screw up
But in the climate but we can take advantage of this and look at how much longer we'll have to grow crops
And how much of it will be for the farmers and we can like utilize this to our best advantage and then I guess what they're really saying is
We're all gonna be dead anyway with the polarized caps melt. So what do we have to worry about it for?
Because it's bad for big business
So we don't want to step on their toes
So this is you know their shifting gears on the one hand saying oh, you know global warming is a reality
But we're not gonna wait thing about it. Oh
My god, you talk about stupid. That's the epitome of it right there
WQAM
WQAM yes, sir neurologist, please speaking
New Rogers. Yes, I've got a little of yours for a long time. Okay?
Black guy in Hollywood. I've called you couple times before. Yes, sir
Hey, what's up with that show and I kiss a
Good night. Oh, whatever. Kiss a nigger good morning. It's not good. Yeah, right dude. You kill me with that man
I mean, I mean, I mean, look at how far but you know, I'll jump to the other town, you know, yeah
Well, maybe you'd like to hear it again. I
Oh god, no, please turn it off man. No, that's number one with four pull ups. Everybody loves that stupid
That's the most offensive song. I mean, I mean I could I could deal I could deal with the crack kill king song if I get that one
Okay, well, maybe we'll play the crack crack crack city
Is that good for you?
I'll be rolling with the trunk loaded by anyone
And if I have the bus to cap, I'll just say I didn't do it
Back to the
And then I get to crack city I go to the third world and ask around the club on who be fired my
Yeah, I'll be going to crack city to the floating my clubs. Yeah, I'll be going to crack city as he stabbing my slun
When I be going to crack city and unload my joke, I never go to crack city without packing my gun
Yeah, two rocks, oh every
Know that every now and then I sell some crack to a wide dude
Crack city
Here I become some with buckboy the intersection working for free
Well, I think losing by the bubble house with no windows and then I can almost wish you she my favorite home
Yeah
Go into crack city and I'm gonna sell my crack
I'll be going to crack city you can count on that I'll be going to crack city and blast my ramp
I'll be going to crack city because I be bad
Do rock for every
Hi
Hey
There's supposed to be a guitar here
What have I been talking about?
You mean you can't be no guitar
So anyway, it's about eight minutes after 11 and 560 WQM
I guess I learned this spot that you have to kind of talk over a little bit
I'm not sure when he says there at the end, but I think I have a fairly good idea
Anyway, I hope you enjoyed that sir and have a wonderful day
I got a great clinic for you to go if you ever want some blood tests
It's right over in Hollywood on the industrial park
I still can't get over the fact that they sent me there
I mean do I look like like I just came in out of a dumpster or something
I may not be all at the fancy shmancy of addressing everything
But I look like you know kind of an upstanding human being like I might make more than 350 an hour
Where you were in that shirt?
No, oh
Worse
Now you know why they sent me there
Not seriously, you know my mother she's got some goddamn nerve
I'm gonna bitch her out at lunch this afternoon like she she better go in a hiding
She better crawl into the bed when I get there
Because I got news for her you know I expect a little bit of a royal carpet treat me
You know and I've been to her crack doctor in the past before was a dog
He's a doctor like my little dog is a doctor
And that's not even the one I saw yesterday
He was too busy to see me that we're doing me a favor
I saw the said I wanted your people and wanted to like said he just got off the banana boat with
Chiquita banana or whatever the hell her name was
Remember what Hyman Roth said
Yeah
He said the doctors here
Our joke is what he's so
I wanted Dr. Bacon speaking
Right
Hey summertime is here man it's 142 degrees in the shade
If you can find any
And people are like getting sick from all the allergies and all the other crap out there
If you want to stay in the good health here's a product
Gonna help you do it even in South Florida with a heat and humidity
It's olio med
Olio med is a soft gel capsule that contains pharmaceutical
Great olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and herbals
To protect all different parts of your health
They have a separate product for your prostate
I'll tell you where you can stick that
One for your heart your blood pressure and your cholesterol
Olio meds also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system
You're going to have a chest of an intercran system
Your skin and bones even your mind
All using the benefits of the best olive oil that money can buy
And olio meds got products for men
And for your ladies out there too
Olio meds available all over town
Fix them up today at Walgreens
At Whole Food Markets
DeVoral Pharmacy or Sedanos
If you want to get more information about their products
What they're called
What they do
What they are all about
Just call toll free at 1-866-olio med
That's 1-866-olio med
Order their products on their website
If you prefer
US 1 in Pepper Grote and Allentale
The hammer starting at 3-8
On support 20-05-60-Q-A-M
Well I've never thought I'd buy it
The kind of ride that I've been doing in the round days today
Now as a classic set of wheels fixed up
The way your brother would like it
Now we've been keen to shine and the drip is cold
Then a dyes of the mercy
I've got some kind of liquid cherry yoke
Da baby
Coconut banana cherry cherry
It'd be baby bruce
Da baby
Shiny little velvet little smelly machine
Differences red chit
Now so I've bounced down the road
And a big dab is super powe
Now if they harvest up the big deals
A day of gator rather big since the brakes
A 1979
My own phone Catalina
She's so looking bad now
Is my baby catalytic
Da baby
Over the granola cherry cherry
It'd be baby bruce
Da baby
Shiny little velvet little smelly machine
Yoke
Da baby
I've got my windows down
On the hot summer day
Cause they're easy to move no way
Sweating crushed by lossy
It's not just smelling
It's the tossing one bit over time
And my back to you find
The shiny grandest melt like light
Thanks my coffee
Giant of tumors
Have they washing it with all the roll
Da baby
Over the granola cherry cherry
It'd be baby bruce
Da baby
Michael Schappek-Wills
Rowan-Thomas-Beef-Obsink-Soon
Da baby
Fresh with Lauren-Dirry
You'll be fancy to me
Baby bruce
Da baby
Jesus Christ
Let me 15 to 560 WQM
You know I'm thinking about that clinic
Yeah that I went to
It's a place where people are like on welfare
Right
And
And it's just it's just right that it's just sinking in now
It's making me more and more angry
It's frosting my ass
Not so much because I'm a big shot
But because I just wanted a little blood
You know drawn and get some blood tests done
To see if I'm still alive
You know things like that
It's funny because you're a big shot
If a normal person found their way in there
Wound up in there they would be upset
And feel out of place
But it's even funnier when it's somebody like you
Yeah
But the point being the idea that they thought that
I was like some kind of an ender
Because I was paying cash for it
Those those tests are not cheap
Although maybe in that place they give you like $2.4
I don't know
Because it certainly didn't look awfully reputable
I mean I would
It's not one of those places where you'd say
You can eat off the floor in there
You know what I'm saying
It looked like maybe a few people left something on the floor
But you couldn't eat off the floor
And in a place where it's supposed to have something to do with your health
Like in a hospital
And most hospitals are pigstised anyway
But at least ideally or in a doctor's office
It should be clean medicinal right
Should be like in the inside of a goddamn band aid box
Otter bee
But it's not
So toilet
Skakele trial goes to the jury
Calling Kennedy cousin Michael Skakele a smug brat
Prosecutors use Skakele's own words
Yesterday to try to convince jurors
That he killed neighbor Martha Moxley in 1975
The jury be deliberating right now as a matter of fact
The defense had Skakele and nobody cares about this
Like I said on Friday
The defense had Skakele was utterly innocent
And accused prosecutors of playing musical chairs
With different suspects over the past quarter century
Oh I sure I forgot to remind everybody that
A normal Kentyo was untenable over this morning
FTL anybody hear that?
No
What does he eat frost my ass man?
If he spent as much time getting this show syndicated
And doing the kinds of things he should have been doing over the last several years
I would be sitting here talking to myself
In the meantime he's more interested about
You know pretending to be a broadcaster
And finding some suckers out there
Disponsors way to get him back on a radio
And puff up his ego again
And his bank account
Man what a
Oh
Only one thing I can think about him
Gay
The defense had Skakele was utterly innocent and accused
Prosecutors of playing musical chairs
Where I just got through San Ed
Both sides finished their closing arguments
If they in the murder case against Skakele
Skakele 41 is accused of beating Moxley death of the golf club in October 75
When both were 15 year old neighbors in a multi-gated community in Greenwich
The golf club was mapped to a set owned by Skakele's mother
Skakele is an FU of Ethel Kennedy
They crazed widow of Robert F Kennedy
Crazy that a bed bug who talks to Bobby and other dead relatives
Through a medium
Through a spirit
Maybe she's gonna be on the Jonathan in the workshop pretty soon
So the jury be delivering right now and that right now
WQAM
Hello Neil
WQAM
QAM hello
Hi George
No Neil
Oh Neil hey
I read you at Taco Spirifort
I was in Humberton, Germany last week
And Taco is performing an 80s 70s 80s musical review
And one of the big theaters in Humberton
Right
And to add to that at a different theater
It was in the same, that was in the same listing in the newspaper
Kid Curry in the Covenant is doing 70s review
So it's like all of these retired or semi-retired rock acts
They're all fighting a place in in Humbert
It's just like a phenomenon or something
Yeah, and how is Humbert?
Oh it's great
I was there, I was there my moral day weekend
The weather was absolutely perfect
And it's got a real good cultural mix
I mean it's a very clean city in Northern Europeans, Northern Germans
And there's a lot of good scenery if you know what I'm saying
I'll go right East George would like it too
Highly recommended
I love Germany, bro, I tell you that
That's right, I hate it
It sounds terrible to say it but boy, there's where the real
Well-built beautiful
Yeah, and Humbert is a little bit different
I mean I
Those great areas I go to
In Germany or Berlin
Yeah, Munich and Humberton
And of the three Humbert has like a different
Life is good, a little bit of an answer to damage
A little bit of the Scandinavian
Yeah, well I've only been in Berlin and Kallon, I love Kallon, it's great
Yeah, if you like Kallon, there's a little bit of that same life
Sort of in Humbert
I'll see you there
Alright, sir
Bye
Off to Liever
430 votes on a pool and about 75 of my better real
When he was on vacation, how did he like the George and Joe show?
And of course Joe being the Acar race official
And other than he is, he put the pedal to the metal and just passed you like he were standing still
434 votes, Joe was good George sucked 109
George was good Joe sucked 73
So you see, you're just like you're like on a treadmill
You're not going anywhere
And we know why George isn't the catch enough because he's stupid
I listen to a lot, it was fine 72
I didn't listen to what 68
I listened to very little, I hated it 67
I listened to every day it was great 45
So there's something for everybody on there to get off their chest
We might be able to set a record for the number of votes during the show today
By 1 o'clock, I don't know, I have no idea what the number is but I think we are approaching it
With all these bogus votes
neo-rojours.com, any ILR, G-E-R-S, neo-rojours.com
Get on there and vote for Christ's
When you get us up to 1,000 by 1 o'clock
Get us up to a million
For who's sake?
Are you going to start with that most stuff again?
Jesus Christ
There was a thing in the Sun sent, you know, there's something wrong in this building
And happened when we had that power failure, when that power farted
I was talking to him right after I talked about the elevator
Probably the elevator inspector went out and he ate something out there, he's yanking it
Because the air keeps coming on and going off and it's clammy
There's something screwed up in this building, we don't even have anybody running this joint
Well if you can feel it coming on, you're ahead of me
Although guess what, guess what I saw on the tea room when I went and took my number four
George Corsa was in there
But he was just like wiping his hands on a way out and I was just rushing in
So we didn't have time to like bond exactly
Discuss all the plans for who's going to be going to Amsterdam
I guess he's out, I don't think he's going
No, it's the booth
It is Bob DeMuth, not the Julio
What a surprise, what a shock
We understand the pecking order of the corporate engineer
But of course there's another story, another case where I think Moe's got a good point
Where you like, you know, bloody to poor Bob DeMuth
In my mind, in my mind, you just
But now see that one you can't deny
The most thing of course is all his support
Why? Stop
You were the one that kept saying he was a West Coast redneck and a Yahoo and he hated bags, he hated Jews
Yeah, that's all you ever said
I'm gonna have a time to say that
It's the long thing about he hated Joe because Joe was associated with his program
And he was bitching Joe Cus
Oh well that's true
I see
So in other words, you're off the hook, it's Joe's fault
See what, how this works folks?
He pretends to be Joe's friend but in the meantime he's got the old spear out
The old Albert Spirers out, it's picking a Germany
Oh now that you're just came back on again
Just briefly
I'm gonna turn it down to about 30 and see if we can get anything going in this goddamn place
So Bob Ramuth's gonna be going to Amsterdam and I sure hope he does it fairly soon
Like you know, they're very very very beginning of July, it'd be a real good idea
I don't need to be there
Because my landlords building the cabinet, Peter's building the cabinet and I don't need to be there
Peter's got plenty of keys to let him in there
I don't really need to be
It would make sense to me if they went there about a week ahead before I got there
Then that sound reasonable to you
Yeah, that makes sense so that we don't have to do the same thing in Toronto where they're like on their hands and ease and
Crawl her mind on the floor ten minutes before airtime
You just you well you would believe because we've been here long enough but it was just terrifying
I kept thinking why did they do this? They had three and a half months to get this thing done right
But that's the way we do it here at Beasley Broadcasting
We never have quite enough time because they have all these important projects going on
not
So like I started to say and Sunday's uh Sun Sentinel
There was a big thing a big follow-up evidently on another story they had earlier
The silent majority speaks up on rudeness and it's got a whole bunch of letters from readers out there
Classical music writer Lawrence A. Johnson apparently touched the nerve with his commentary last Sunday's arts and leisure
The arts and emails about rude audience behavior at concerts and recettles from our readers with their own stories to tell streamed in all week
While we didn't have room to print all of the correspondence here are some of the airships from the mailbag
Last choir just realized that you're not alone with the candy wrappers crackle behind you or the front rope
Patrons rudely dash out before the performance is over the original column can be read on the website go to the
Sedron salon
And so there's like about the seven million these letters in here was giving real good idea
What soft-flute is all about and it's not just at music concerts. It's at anything anything you go to
Rude obnoxious inconsiderate loud nasty uncouth
Exactly
Here's one from Sandra Steinhauer and coconut Creek
Bravo to Lawrence A. Johnson for that great article on the rudeness and inconsideration of fluid audiences
That should be repeated on a weekly basis or at a minimum once a month
I've never seen audiences as rude or inconsiderate in my life and I've lived in New York, California
Go to the theater whenever I travel the actors or the orchestra or car rehearse and do their best to give the audience a great performance
And the rush out with even applauding is beyond disgusting. Were they rushing to a night job?
All the white doubt that even the guilty people
Recognize themselves in your article if they even read. I'm sure that many others. Thank you for writing it says Sandra nice gone Sandra
I've seen the same or similar things was there with the Renee Fleming
She had a potential of five encores to do people got up and appeared to be giving a standing ovation
But we're in reality rushing to get out
Unfortunately, I think we're helpless to educate people or do anything about it
The person that wrapping the candy behind me was an usher
Incidentally, I think the Palm Beach joint is the worst during a performance of Louisa Miller
Every time a singer's voice went toward the upper register a 40th lady put out a loud gasped
Were you at Regina when the phone rang in front of the orchestra through the entire first act?
They might as well be at home in front of their TV sets
I gave up on shushing a long time ago. I was yelled back at that it was okay to talk during the overture. It hasn't started yet
Well, we don't have to hear every note. Do we? Yes, we do every nuance of every note rights Chuck. We've also been co-edigry
They're pissed off and fired up because the rest of you are rude and no one might suggest to them is stay home
Because if expect to go out anywhere to any kind of a performance sporting or otherwise in this town
If that's that's what you're gonna get guaranteed you can bet your life on it
Like the asshole at the hockey game last fall standing up there
When a beer in his hand in the cell phone talking to his buddy in the upper deck while the game is going on I said hey
Hey turn around and look at me. It said what
What not like just sitting down kind of sheepishly like a sinking into a seat like any normal person would do
But like what what's your problem? I said I'd like to see the game. Oh, oh
Like some assholes here to watch the game
And of course that's kind of foolish for me to want to watch a hockey game because we know that hockey is stupid
26 past 11 at 560 WQM something else that's even more stupid is my mattress shopping the way so many people do it
I'm sure that more and more people least what I'm hearing are doing it to smart way
And when it gets up to about a hundred and forty two degrees like today
You don't want to get in the car waste all that time get all sweated up and just go nuts
Shopping from one vetting to department store because all you're gonna do is get ripped off and aggravated
Anyway, cuz you gotta help him pay for that big overhead call our friends at dollar mattress one 800 mattress
You'll be instantly connected with expert bedding consultant whose job is to hook you up with the best bright name mattress in the world and an
Unbeatable price they got them all they got so does silly Simmons and King coil do your back a big favor because your back
Has got so much to do with your health and how you feel every day
And when you call dollar mattress you pick the day in the two
I wonder for your delivery when it's convenient for you any day seven days a week
And you also get that 30-day in-home comfort guarantee
So you test out the mattress not in the department store with some assholes salesman standing over your shoulder for 30 seconds
And a plastic wrap still on the mattress
But the right way by sleeping on it right there in your bedroom
No store can match the great everyday low prices too
So call dollar mattress like I've been doing for a long time for a coons age and tonight
You'll be sleeping like a baby call one 800 mattress one 800 MATT RES or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at mattress dot
Lens and fillies
And fill it up
You cover your hands at 630 on sports radio 560
E-way M
Germanic I am a pussy
In a place that smells just like the bad day at the zoo
It can come back dressed and drag the dream that we need to hear
It's gonna bring the circle that lay down to the day
It seems all you gotta do is just ask the owner
hey
Jesus Christ
Blow
And I'm going to tell the band and use a bump for the Taliban in Afghanistan
on our phone.
Hello, hello, it's all-
Lv. 3560 WQM Happy Tuesday today where Roland Long cold is kind of going into our
remission, whatever they say kind of like, uh think of the past.
I think I'm basically got out of my system.
Thanks a lot PD Leigh, you're the best.
You know what he's like? He's like pecs a little bad boy. I'm sure I've said that before. He just, you know, he's
Incorrigible. He keeps slapping him on a wrist and he just keeps coming back from war. You can't get rid of him. He can't help it. Yeah, he just, he means well.
He just can't help the son. I suppose to some other people. Murder Trown begins for religious sect leader in death of Sun.
It was said to be a prophecy from God, Karen Robado, a young mother and a member of a tiny religious sect, needed to overcome her vanity.
To do so, according to the prophecy delivered by her sister-in-law, she should drink only the liquid of boiled almonds and withhold solid food from her infant son Samuel,
Phenium-Oli breast milk. For months authorities, say members of the religious sect that astused modern law and medicine,
adhere to what they said were gods and instructions even as ten-month-old Samuel cried for food, became comatose, and died.
How do you like that? This is in Boston's from the globe.
The murder of the child's father, Jacques Robado, begins, began yesterday with Jewish selection. Michelle Robado Mingo, the baby's aunt, face Mingo.
Wonder she knew Van Lingo Mungo?
He's stupid. Faces a later trial on charges of being in accessory to assault and battery on a child for allegedly coming up with the idea of starving the child.
Karen Robado is charged with second-degree murder. No trial dates have been set for them. All three have pleaded innocent.
Francis O'Boy, the name is O'Boy. I'm sorry, that's her name. O'Poster-Feed B-O-Y, Francis O'Boy. Who's your attorney? O'Boy.
Attorney for Jacques Robado said he'll challenge a he, Francis, like Francis O'Hare. He'll challenge an ocean that Samuel starved at arguing the child's breast milk diet was unusual, but not unheard of a disage.
He probably just died of old age. He also planned to argue the child could have died for any number of reasons such as errand efficiency, scurvy or rickets.
Sounds to me, all of those are diet related to aren't they? They last time we checked.
And even if the jurors finds Robado responsible, he should consider if he is guilty on lesser charge, like first-degree murder, lesser than that.
There's certainly reason to build out as to what was the cause of death, O'Boy said.
We expect to be a hotly contested trial in the jurors. We'll have a lot to think about as usual, effects may be considerably different from what the press has portrayed in V so far.
Gary L. Mello spoke to him for Bristol County District of Terry's Office to climb to comment. So you got O'Boy and Mello.
The bizarre case of the sect known as the body took investigators from Adelboro to Maine's backwoods where in 1999 members buried the bodies of Samuel Robado and his newborn cousin Jeremiah Crono far from the society they rejected.
Jeremiah's parents David and Rebecca Crono maintained that he was stillborn and have not been charged in his death.
In fact, I think the excuse was Jeremiah was a...
Stillbur...
...and said.
The infant's bodies were later found based on information provided by David Crono and our most part of Maine's back to the state park.
Make sure if pine coffins were recovered and removed.
Police first came to the sect's home about 30 miles south of Boston in 1999 after Dennis Mingo.
Mischel's husband had dropped off from the sect found a journal describing Samuel Robado's condition he took it to the police.
The journal described Mischel Mingo's vision about Samuel.
Prosecutors alleged that Mingo fabricated the vision because she was jealous of Karen Robado.
In November of 2000, Granjury and Ed of the Robado's end Mingo District Attorney Paul Wall said it was a clear case of murder.
A child as the child is starving with his ribs sticking out and his eyes rolling in opposite directions, a walk past the child on the way to the dinner table every night he said.
Other sect members are also facing legal trouble which proves like I've been telling you for a thousand years the religious people are the crazy people.
Just like that.
Just exactly like that and the more religious they are the crazier they are.
And the more dangerous they are, the more malignant they are. God damn it.
starving a little kid to death.
Jesus Christ.
Could have said a better myself, Mo.
474 think he's going to invite me back on that show tomorrow?
To say like, neither what.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
When the ill-send vacation, how do you like the George and Joe show or approaching that 500 vote mark? It's not even close to noon yet.
How many of these votes you think are for real?
Yeah.
Oh no.
Not another one. He's coughing, Jacks. I hate that.
I hate that when all that mung is in there.
Yeah, they just read about that mungo.
Yeah, it was psychosomatic.
But I got my, thank God I got all my champion right here to wash it down. Really helps a lot.
Don't have any up in Toronto anymore. Just mention that in passing guys.
Covered his beer.
Joe was good. George sucked. 113.
Oh look at that. You're falling to third place.
I listened a lot of was fine. 83.
George was good. Joe sucked 78.
Then listen to it at all. 77.
I listened very little. I hated it. 75. That's 32%.
I listened every day. It was great. 51.
10.5%.
Listen every day. No complaints. They like you. They like Joe Joe. They like the Yamama. Everything about it.
5.670560.
Only AT&T.
And Verizon Marvel Slime. Taking a few calls today and again tomorrow.
Then I think we'll kind of like shut it down most of the rest of June.
The transmitter?
Yeah. WQAM.
Yeah, listen I just wanted to vote on that Joe thing.
That was the worst thing.
Yeah. I mean he almost drove me back to FM.
Oh no.
Yeah really. Now he was terrible.
George said it fills in.
I mean he feels the best.
But then I'm like I would have to use suck Mason.
Okay. Thanks a lot. We got you down.
Thank you. Thank you. This guy said Joe sucked.
And of course it's getting close to you and he's not awake yet. He's still asleep.
Yes. Won't be up to like three or four.
Don't be passing news along to Joe by the way. Because now he'll start getting sensitive.
And being Italian will get emotional. He'll start drinking like a lot of wine. A lot of cheap wine.
Not good.
WQAM.
Yes sir.
Oh I am Carl Farniel.
Speaking.
Neil I heard you say Francis O'Hare.
Yes.
Well you must know my dad Mr. Vennable then.
Floyd Vennable Jr.
Yeah right. You just made that up. Come on.
I grew up with Leroy P.
For many many years.
It was a tragedy when they had to get rid of him.
Yeah.
Now.
Where is Francis O'Hare from?
Chicago.
No. Flushing Michigan.
Huh? Flushing Michigan.
No no no no no. Not originally.
Oh it was from Chicago?
Yes. I didn't know that.
And the buters.
Right. Terry and Todd right.
Of course.
And the borings?
Chris.
I'm out there.
Yeah.
You know this guy that was just down there.
He's another guy that heard the tapes years ago.
Lee R.P. and Floyd Vennable Jr.
Pretends to know about harness racing.
This guy he wouldn't know.
Seriously. He wouldn't know J.Cuff from Charlie Huff.
That's what he knows about harness racing.
Oh I'll tell you J.Cuff throws a mean.
No. Nuckler at the track.
And like I said keep Miriam telling off the track.
Ted.
Not Ted.
Dick whatever your name is.
Tom Dick and Harry.
WQAM.
Uncle Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey. Fill the monkey man here. How you doing?
Fill the monkey man?
Yeah. How you doing?
Okay. It's been great.
Yeah. I'm sure you've been there.
Yeah.
Yeah. I want to vote.
I think George and Joe are both great.
And Joe is probably going to really unleash some of his good stuff this summer.
I really have faith.
Joe is going to unleash his good stuff this summer.
Where? You mean on this show?
On the show. On the show. Yeah. He's definitely going to knock us dead.
I know it.
Nothing compared to you of course.
He'll be adequate.
Okay.
Hey one more thing.
You should check out the Bloodhound gang website.
There's naked pictures of the band members on there.
You might want you might want to see.
No I don't want to see any of them naked believe me.
You never know. You might enjoy it.
Okay. Thanks Phil.
Take it easy Leo.
See ya.
Phil the monkey man just in case you didn't hear him there the first time.
You know how much I like those guys that all have a handle you know.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean I like the Bloodhound gang's music a lot but there's definitely nobody in that band.
I want to see naked trust me.
And when we get to Tom Brady band.
Or maybe we'll band on a numb and all the way pretty much have seen him naked in a voice.
That you saw that video. Yeah.
We say dancing naked with the nun.
That's a good video.
That is a great video.
The sexy nuns.
Uh huh.
And all the sexy girls in that catlick school.
In fact the timing was very good on that guy.
Band on an almond.
But they are the best.
He's the best thing with the other kid.
I know what he's there for maybe gives good head.
21 till noon at 5.60 WDQM.
I guess before the spot a better drink a little champion.
Just excuse me for one gulp.
And yeah I don't know why I always think that these things are going to go away like in two or three days.
They don't.
These airplane allergy type colds.
They last about 10 days to two weeks.
Every single time. And it's always the same way.
Usually with me they start in a way where you think they're going to go away in two or three days.
And the throat thing is first.
The wroth throat.
Like when I couldn't talk last week and couldn't do the show.
And then it goes into the nasal thing and a congestion.
And then the red nose is like the warning sign.
It's like if he could squeeze a bulb and then it always keeps getting redder.
Is it like red?
What on a scale of 10? How red is it today?
Like a clown nose.
And of course the clown nose.
That's what John Wayne Gasey said.
It looked what happened to him.
Won't see him no more.
20 till noon at 5.60 WQM.
We got the mad dog at one.
You heard me talking about the big one.
And in four short months you can have a big one too.
A big paycheck.
The demand for certified computer professionals is through the roof.
So pick up the phone and call our friends at FastRain at 866 FastRain.
Summer classes are forming right now this second.
If you call now you can be certified in a brand new career before the summer is over.
FastRain offers Microsoft certified instructors.
Four convenient locations including a new campus in Kendall.
Job placement assistance day needing classes too.
And for those of you whose job was affected after 9-11, fastRain is an operation paycheck training provider too.
Call FastRain toll free 1-866 FastRain or check them out on the web at fastRain.com.
They can have your certified and ready for a brand new money making career.
Get out of that dead end out of that rut that you're in right now.
And as soon as four months so call them today and get started.
Call toll free until the near-righteous.
Turn you to call. I mentioned Todd Direct 2.
They'll laugh all the way to the bank.
Call 1-866-
Wacking up banana man.
You can count on that.
We're days in one.
I'm supposed to be 05.60 WQM.
I am just up right now.
Jesus Christ.
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Biography Profile Story.
We take a good, hard, stiff look and to start him.
He was an Indonesian born of Dutch parents who had his only hit with a remake of an American song which you recorded in Germany.
Was this guy f***ed up or what?
We're talking about Taco.
If you'll believe when you don't know where to go to.
Why don't you go where a fashion fits?
I love him.
But it's extremely hard to find information on Taco.
Indeed, our own search for Taco proved fruitless.
Until it finally bore fruit and gym.
Who runs the only known Taco fan website in the world.
I want people to know they don't have to be ashamed to visit my site.
If you love Taco, you've found a home here.
Jim ulcer runs Taco support groups for the miserable hideous freaks who actually copped a liking this crappy singer and his crappy song.
Hi.
My name is Beth and I'm a Taco fan.
Hi, man.
How do I explain Taco's contribution to this whole uvrav synth pot versions of Irving Braleintunes?
Where are you Taco?
Please let us know where you are and if you're listening, I just want to thank you.
You're so awesome.
You're such a wonderful thing.
Oh, then please click on the links to my sponsors.
Help keep my website free.
What a bunch of crap.
Give me the young Frankenstein version any day.
If you're blue and you don't know where to go to, why don't you go where a fashion sit?
Woof, we're going to the end!
Ah, that's better.
It's a big juicy, shopping-wet-look at show business.
Tonight on Inside of the Hire.
We're going to the end!
11.45 at 5.60 WQAM.
Dick Morris writes in today's New York Post.
Oh, and this is, there's a special reason that I clip this out because there's expression
of uses in here that we almost never hear.
Oh, don't tell me it's not in here.
Uh-oh.
Oh, here it is.
He's an Ojn provocateur.
Dick Morris writes like the agents provocateur that anti-union bosses would send in the ranks
of labor-pickets to foaming violence, al-Qaeda and other Muslim terrorist groups are trying
to start jihads at each end of the Islamic world against the Jews in the Middle East and
the Hindus in the subcontinent.
They punched the Israelis in the nose to egg them on to retaliate against the West Bank
Palestinians, they bombed the Indian Congress to ratchet up New Delhi's anger against Pakistan,
their goal to foaming a two-fraud religious war.
Their purposes are easy to divine.
One, war will help them radicalize Islamic regimes by inflaming racial and religious passions
if Pakistan fights a war especially a nuclear one against an infant allation like India,
the militant Muslims are likely to increase support from the 10 to 15 percent of the
recent elections to a near majority.
With this increased pressure, they might be able to take over yet another country.
Pakistan, this one has got nuclear weapons.
Two, the crises that have hurt American attention from the pressing business at hand
of invading one nation totally aligned with the terrorists Iraq.
If Middle Eastern issues and a war in Kashmir can delay a U.S. invasion of Iraq,
Saddam Hussein buys valuable time to develop his own nuclear chemical and biological weapons
and the means to deliver them.
Time as Saddam's key ally, once he goes nuclear, the U.S. will not be able to stop him until
then he's vulnerable, Al Qaeda is trying to buy him the months that he needs.
Three, finally Al Qaeda is probably trying to implement the strategy articulated by Che Guevara
who said he wanted to tie the U.S. down in a one, two, and thousand Vietnam's.
Conscious of the limits of American patience and our sensitivity to potential casualties,
Al Qaeda and its fellow terrorists want to stretch our resources so thin that they exhaust
them.
We can't treat the Kashmir or Middle East conflicts as isolated crises.
We must see them as two fronts and a coordinated radical Islamic challenge to Western power.
Both the Indian and Pakistani governments are run by leaders with strong personal and
political investments and religious strife, but he loses if things get out of hands.
The Indonesian list, whom Al Rulan Nudeli need to realize that a religious war with Pakistan
would likely trigger a civil war at home in which India is normally peaceful, 150 Muslims
battle with the dominant Hindus and thereby lead voters back to the secular consensus that
under the Indian politics for 50 years.
Pakistan, with 15% of India's population and lacking technologically, can't win a war.
And leaders of military coups like the Khurra regime do not farewell when they lose foreign
wars.
Once the leaders of India and Pakistan grasp that their political careers will be shortened
by a war, peace will probably break out all over despite the best efforts of the agents
provocateurs.
He's an Ojon provocateur.
How do you like that, huh?
Never thought we'd hear that expression again.
How's Dick Fahdali doing?
Anybody hear him lately?
No.
Probably dead.
What'd you think?
I would think.
He had to be about 100 years old back in those days.
Back in the early IOD days?
Dick Fahdali.
Wasn't he on IOD?
I don't know.
I never heard him.
Except on that drop.
Well, I'll tell you one thing about him.
He's an Ojon provocateur.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Limerick at 503 votes on the survey.
When Neil was on vacation, how did you like the George and Joe show?
Joe is good.
George sucked 120.
I listened to a lot of his fine 89.
George was good.
Joe sucked 83.
I didn't listen to it at all.
81.
I listened to it very little.
I hated it.
79.
And I listened every day.
It was great.
51.
I should have also put on there.
I listened every day.
And I hated every second of it.
So Rimmer had something to vote on.
And my mother too.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Limerick.
And we had one woman today.
No.
Second day back in town.
Had a couple of yesterday.
And here I am like a beggin for lady callers today.
Just a little say, hey, it's nice to hear your bagging in.
Nothing.
It sounds a different on the air.
It makes any difference where I'm physically sitting.
It's spite of all the early predictions of doom and gloom
from Greg Reed and Tom Jicca.
Kind of strange.
You got to make some deal like this.
And then it's pretty.
Well, how's he going to keep in touch with what's going on?
Hey, touch this, Greg.
OK?
And by the way, go get another suit.
WQAM.
George.
Yes.
Hi.
Is this Neil or George?
It's Neil.
Neil.
This is slow.
Great to have you back.
Well, thanks so much.
Well, that was quick response.
What?
I was saying we hadn't had one lady all day.
And now we get you.
Oh, I didn't.
I had a turn down.
Turn down, please.
That's OK.
That's a good idea.
I'm sorry.
You have that cold.
Well, I'm sorry, too, but it's just about going.
It should be my worth problem.
That should be fine.
I just wish that this phony doctor and Hollywood wouldn't
have sent me to this injured and placed
to get my blood tested yesterday,
because I thought that I would.
He thought I was some kind of a welfare case or something?
Oh, no.
Yeah.
So I didn't even get my blood testing.
Not you.
I mean, you have to figure out which doctors to go to yet.
No, I haven't found a doctor.
You still can't find one.
Well, I just wanted to say something about that pipeline
that's going through the oil pipeline.
And that's going to end up selling all the oil to China.
It's coming from Russia from the Cassian Sea.
The Cassbracy?
I don't know.
And then it goes through Afghanistan, Pakistan,
Karachi, and so forth.
So that's why they have to stabilize all those countries.
It's all for money, and Greece.
Yeah.
Well, that's why I live in Amsterdam.
I say the hell of all of it.
Well, I was thinking about going to Italy
to live when my husband retires, but then
they have all that religious stuff over there.
What do you mean by that?
I don't know, the pope.
No, you won't forget about the pope.
They don't have a place for I can avoid all that stuff.
You can be right in Rome and you'll avoid it.
They don't pay any attention to the pope.
They give them the ol' high sign about the pope.
No, I'm serious.
The Italian people are onto him.
It's all a tourist that are over there.
Oh, that makes me feel better because it
looks like a nice place to retire too.
Well, it's a little expensive over there,
and you have to smear the right hands
and give them the right salute and whatever,
but it's a beautiful place.
You'd love it.
I have to go fishing.
Yeah.
OK, me.
Find one of those little towns right there
on the Adriatic.
Adriatic.
OK.
OK?
I hope your call gets better.
And I hope you stay in town, but I know that's not going to happen.
Yeah, I was staying town another 48 hours.
Ask the lego.
OK.
Ciao.
Bye, Neil.
14s.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the 18.
Now, what difference does it make if I stay in town or not?
It's no difference at all, other than it's
much more aggravating when I'm here for me.
I've had more grief since coming back.
Not important things like a dead battery in one car,
a big son of a bitch.
By the way, thanks to my good friend,
what's his name?
Greg Nelson over there at Lou background,
she overlaid.
God, are they great to me?
Do I have the hell of punny Xbox?
I'm not, that's OK.
Tom Lehman knows I like Corvette's.
And even if Halal, I'll sit and I better not sit.
Because I'll get by Eisenberg, I'll upset.
Even if they saw Corvette's at Tom Lehman,
I mean, what I buy cars there now that have been
buying a blue background for all these.
No, he knows that.
He knows that Greg Nelson takes great care of me.
They came and picked up the blue Corvette.
They was the battery died because evidently,
I don't know what will happen.
And they put a brand new battery in there delivering
it by the fact that it's probably there right now,
right back to the house.
Don't have to lift the finger.
It doesn't cost the diamonds all under warranty and a grade.
My good buddy, Greg Nelson at Lou background,
Chevrolet on the right-by-pomperno park racetrack,
right by Obamiriam Tollin, hopefully,
won't ever be driving again.
5, 6, and what was the other stuff?
All I did, I didn't tell you about losing my glasses, did I?
No.
Did I tell you that?
No.
And I'm sitting in the front room, my computer room there,
on that little sofa.
And I got all my checkbooks out and I'm doing all this
because I had to make all these deposits after like four
months ahead.
And I'm sitting out there and I got all my papers spread
out and everything and I have a habit because I don't need
glasses for reading even though these are bifocals.
Yes.
And I don't know, what do they call them?
They call them like, they have a word for that without
the thing on the bottom.
I know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
But anyway, so for when I'm reading or doing close work
or writing checks stuff, I take these off and I set them down.
Well, these glasses are so great and so light that you can't
even sometimes tell when you have monor off.
So I put them down and after about 20 minutes, I get up
and I realize I don't have my glasses on and I'm looking
around, can't find them because you need your glasses to find them.
And we're looking all over the place.
Well, John don't eat glasses to find them.
But the two of us were looking all over, pull up the couch
everywhere, going from room to room.
What did I do?
Well, luckily I got a second pair that I had identical.
I put those on which helps search and find.
Still couldn't find them.
This is going on for like an hour and a half.
Hour and a half.
These are $600 glasses these days, they're invisible.
By the probably two and a box, I think remember
gets the other 400.
But anyway, and I looked behind the, I don't want to
step rip in my maid, but she deserved it.
I looked behind the sofa there and on the windowsill,
there was every, there are like 75 million little bugs,
you know, dead bugs and like it just shimmers from evidently
since the day I moved to that house.
Because she doesn't do windowsills, you know, she doesn't
do like low, you know what I'm talking about?
She surface cleans.
Jeannie.
Love you Jeannie, but you don't do crap, honey.
And so anyway, I was so disgusting, I said, well,
I can't find a glass, but in the meantime, leave that sofa
away from there, I'm going to go get the vacuum cleaner
because I couldn't stand it with the disgusting.
I go get the vacuum and I'm sucking out, put the hose on
there and I'm sucking all that crap, we're doing a very
nice job by the way off the windowsill.
And as I get to the very end of it, I look down and there
in a spot that you never want to see in the
million years, there are a lot of glasses, pristine
and perfect condition.
And I'm thinking to myself, oh right.
Yeah, how do you like that?
Those little things, you could have sucked those into the
vacuum.
So I thank her profusely, you know, I love these
were on the floor though, and the bugs were on the
a sill.
Well, there's probably a lot of bugs on the floor too,
but I didn't see them.
But the point being that if she would have cleaned that
wouldn't have done that operation, I still wouldn't have
these glasses, never would have found them.
So thank you for leaving all those dead bugs on the
windowsill, Jeannie.
Thank you for doing just a surface cleaner.
God.
WQIM.
Hi, Neil, please.
Yes sir, speaking.
Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Great.
Listen, why are you on vacation?
I don't know if you were aware there was an article in
a paper about the Fort Lauderdale Police Department.
They sent three officers over to Haiti to recruit police
officers for the department.
Oh, beauty.
Yeah, like we don't have enough people here that want to
be police officers.
That could be good police officers.
They want to, apparently, the Haitian people were
complaining that the police officers never understand
the word they say.
And so they want to recruit police officers from Haiti now.
Great.
So they were getting high.
So there's the tips on you, people in Fort Lauderdale,
when you're your favorite swing club, and you see a
bunch of Haitians coming in like in plain clothes, be
very, very nervous.
Start throwing your clothes right back on and run for the
exits.
There you go.
Or even just if a bunch of Haitians coming in general, I
would like run for the exits.
Absolutely.
OK, thanks for the good news.
Good luck, Dr.
And thank you.
Four minutes till noon at 5.60 WQIM.
I'm on a ferry ride to the day.
It's been OK.
I know.
I have no complaints.
I'm sure there are probably some people who have
complaints, but that's because I don't know.
I really don't know what this is all about.
I'm here.
I'm experiencing it, but I just can't find a word to
describe the whole deal.
Scooping will have to do for now.
Here's a guy that's not stupid.
He's a genius.
Tom Laman down there at Halipondiac GMC.
They got to be pretty smart because anybody who can
survive in the same location and business in this town
for 35 years plus and is still going stronger than ever.
They got to know how to do business, especially in a
horseball town like this.
But Tom Laman, they're doing it down there.
134-1 South-Fixi Highway on US-1 right across in the
falls at Halipondiac.
And right now it's the off the wall.
Invoysale at Halipondiac.
That's correct.
The lowest sale price is marked right on the invoice at
all 2002 cars and trucks in stock.
Choose 1.9% financing or up to a $3,500 rebate.
Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the
OnVoy.
Thoded by loaded trend is the SUV of the year plus the
all new vibe SUV while you're there.
As I keep telling you vibes got the power of a sports car
just a fraction of the price.
Halips also got a stupidity selector pre-owned cars
trucks and sport utility vehicles.
And if you've been in town for credit someplace else,
don't problem in Halip, even if you're a deadbeat.
Maybe they'll send you that clinic by the way.
We'll give you directions.
I'll give you a little map.
It's the off the wall invoysale that's going on right now
only at Halipondiac GMC.
134-1 South-Fixi Highway on US-1 across in the falls open
every day seven days a week.
Tom L. Bob Eisenberg sent you by and his pet must
write to the Halipondiac GMC that...
899-5012.
10.
The Neil Roger Show on 560-11QAM Miami for LaRale.
Hey, the state Goldstein, but you can call me Kelsey.
Whenever I'm in town I listen to...
Wait a minute, I am in town.
It's the 12th of one hour.
That...
We're all in the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
I'm not sure I have the voice to listen to.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
I'm St. Gossett, the carestown of an heavy.
The neighbors are upsetting.
To flush I keep forgetting the Osborne family.
The my daughter has a tattoo and still been bloody hairdo.
The house is filled with dog milk, the Osborne family.
I think!
Good luck to the window.
Come over here, little rich boy.
Live off Saudi and lonely money, do you?
Shut the f*** up!
I walk like I have failure.
My wife's a little psycho.
I think my son's a hobo.
The Osborne family.
I get a little dizzy.
When I discover I'm still living.
My parents are more ways pissing.
The Osborne family.
I don't want to...
...end this morning to serve the ministry.
I'm forgetting anything with you.
What did you get up to?
Martha Stewart can nick my scrotum.
Come over one at 560 W.Q. and Polka Brian's here.
When he first walked into the door I thought it was...
Jesus Christ, but it turns out it's only Polka Brian.
Well nothing's perfect.
You know what I haven't gotten into?
Now why do you keep looking at that?
I mean is that not satisfactory?
But I just gave you that...
Okay well I'll tell you what you can wipe my...
Prank them.
Boy, one thing about Polka I've discovered.
He's stupid.
Sean was final minutes how she really died.
This is a very lengthy thing but it's from the inquirer so it might have some credibility.
I've been saving this because it was in the...
When I was in the new...
It's in the new inquirer.
Not the one that you got down here that's from earlier the previous week.
Well this place is so far behind.
This is like...
La la la.
Like all the way down here at the end.
Yeah.
It's like all the refuse that finally makes its way down here.
It might take a long time but sooner or later it all gets here.
All the dregs, the mong, the swill.
Sean was final minutes how she really died.
Special inquirer investigation.
Sean really spent her last minutes in abject terror bound and gagged and locked in the truck of a car
taking her to what must she must have known was her certain death.
The end came with her killer's arm locked around her neck before her half-closed body was flung down a steep heavily wooded ravine
just over a mile from the spot where she got to meet someone she knew entrusted.
You following that?
Someone that she knew and trusted.
Detective's hunting the 24-year-olds cold-blooded murderer have developed that chilling scenario since the missing entrance remains were discovered May 22.
The inquirer has learned exclusively.
The inquirer has also learned that several clues found near Sean's body may help investigators track down the theme to took her life, the fiend, the evil one, the evil doers.
Tiny traces of body fluids were discovered on the stretch lugging she wore that day in which had been used to bind her wrists,
and it discarded basket ravines ice cream containing may help authorities identify the person she went to to meet that faithful day.
Are we going to find out what flavor it was?
And interestingly enough, remember in the OJ trial?
Ice cream.
And wasn't it bastard ravines? I'm pretty sure it was.
Wasn't? I thought it was hot.
And it does.
Oh, you're right. I'm so sorry. It was hot and does. George got his ice cream straightened out, although we don't know as Nessli's turtle yet.
But you're right. It was a hot and does container that Nicole was eating. It was like soft and like melting on the account.
Probably pretty good by that time. You want to thought that Mark Firmour would like suck that right up, you know what?
Wouldn't you?
Anyway, it's a year-long search for missing Sean to a grip the nation after Mary Congressman Gary Condon admitted to police that he and the bright young woman from his California constituency were lovers.
It ended at 9.20 a.m. on a beautiful spring day similar to the one when Sean disappeared nearly 13 months ago.
After a man hunting turtles in a remote area of Washington, DC's Rock Creek Park notice the dog sniffing at leaves on the forest slope above him.
The man brushed away leaves and discovered a human's skull.
He then ran down the hill, leaped across the stream at the bottom and went to a nearby house under construction.
He told the construction workers he needed to call police, but he was shaken so shaking so badly he couldn't make the call himself.
Local resident Charles surfed. No relation to Venetur, by the way.
Told the inquirer.
One of the construction workers had to make the 911 call for him. It was 9.29 in the morning.
Police would search the area unsuccessfully last year rather than 20 minutes.
They were met by a grizzly sight and insider with intimate knowledge of the crime scene told the inquirer.
The skeletal remains of Sean were spread over an area of dense woods down the steep 35-degree incline.
Respined which was intact was about 20 to 35 to 30 yards in the edge of the incline.
Vones from her body which had been moved in nod by foxes or coons were in the same general area.
Why sure hope when that happens to one of us we don't get nod by coons or foxes.
Sean was scoffed. Beer of all hair was 100 feet farther down the hill.
At first sight the trailer where Keller couldn't have appeared colder but quickly began to yield horrifying clues to the way Sean re-dyed.
Close to the spinal column where a walkman radio in her clothing, a university of southern California t-shirt,
Reebok tennis shoes, a red sports bra, panties and stretch leggings.
The leggings were not at the bottom of the legs as if they had been used to bind her reveal the insider.
Investigators now believe Sean was risked or tied to a restrainer before she was killed.
And when medical examiners went to work still more clues emerged to give the grim face detectives hope that they may yet trap the killer.
Miraculously dried buddy fluids on the crotch area of Sean was leggings had survived years exposure to the elements said the insider.
The leggings were sent to the FBI lab for analysis if the fluids are found to include semen it could be a huge breakthrough in the case.
And the leggings might also contain clues to the person who tied the knot.
Sean was scoffed had a minor fracture near the nose area however investigators believe it probably happened after death.
But one small bone among the dozens painstakingly recovered by cops they tell a major part of the story investigators believe.
Her high-oid bone the small bone in the front of the neck about an inch from the top bone in the chest is damaged reveal the insider.
Hal Sherman a former top New York City crime scene detective has investigated nearly 2,000 homicides and has been a technical advisor on movies like The Ransom, The Bone Collector and Summer of Sam.
He told the inquiry you can choke someone to death without fracturing that high-oid bone but relieve evidence of damage.
Rather than using his hands to strangle her the killer simply could have used his forearm or under throat pushing on her head at the same time and killing her or choking her unconscious that way.
Sean was body was found just a bromile from the historic 19th century clingle mansion situated deep in Rock Creek Park and used as a DC Park's department headquarters and storage area.
The discovery revealed the final moments of young interns last day when Sean were obsessed with her married lover logged onto her computer in her DC apartment.
The baby foresheet made no fewer than five unsuccessful phone calls to congressman Condit and had previously left a message on her at Linda Zamsky's answer machine that she had big news to tell her fueling speculation that Sean would learn that she was pregnant by her lover.
As she centered her glass top space saber desk searching websites the love of her life was on her mind.
She searched for media sites which all had articles about President Bush's congressional lunch in the day before all of them noting that Condit had a place of honor at the president's table.
At some point that morning investigated the beliefs she got a phone call which brought a smile to her face said a source close to the case.
Someone she knew wanted to meet her later in the afternoon in Rock Creek Park the meeting took place the historic clingle mansion.
Some two miles from her apartment is where they met on her main location of the mansion. Sean were used to computer to help.
Sean were found directions to clingle mansion the site called map quest to police source told the inquire family members say Sean would never venture alone into the isolated and sometimes dangerous area where the clingle mansion is located but a resentment over came her fears.
It was a perfect day for a stroll 82 degrees with a little humidity. She'd be comfortable wearing her Reebok 10 issues direct leggings red sports bra on a t-shirt
Burying the initials of her college University of Southern California. She'd listen to music on her rockland as she stroll happily to her rendezvous.
With another click of the mouse Sean revisited the basket robins ice cream website looking for the nearest door to the route to the mansion.
She had always enjoyed ice cream treats with condo according to her aunt and as luck would have it there was a shop near an entrance to Rock Creek Park that led to the clingle mansion.
She'd buy ice cream to share what a simply perfect day would be. How do you like that? Don't say what flavor it was though. That's important.
Authorities believed Sean relived her apartment for a meeting in the late afternoon wearing her walkman and taking only her keys with her said to police source and later led to speculation she was headed off to meet the congressman and instructed Sean or when they dated to leave all ID at home.
The spider clothing shot was not a jogger investigators believe she was not hanging the park for exercise. She had a North like Connecticut Avenue Northwest to main Washington DC through a fair window shopping and she listened to music.
It took about 40 minutes to reach the basket robins ice cream shop at 2604 Connecticut Avenue Northwest just 30 feet away from a walkway that descends into the park on a route to the mansion.
Following her disappearance Washington police questioned employees at Vaskin Robbins but shop manager Shahrod Rotten of the Four of Four with 75 letters in his name pulled the inquire of my employees
didn't remember her but we are we are a popular place you can easily come in significantly just days after Sean was body was found police on earth they discarded Vaskin Robbins ice cream container to spot between the clingle mansion and the site where her remains were found.
How do you like that? To be continued it's it's a long story but it's certainly well worth it. It's fascinating because it's in the inquire and the inquire is on top of stuff along before everybody else like the Robert Blake thing like this story which they had like a week before the they found.
The inquire has got it baby our good close friends up there in Lantana Mike Walker etc. What's he doing other to what's his name her all is not anymore.
When he on her all the like almost every week at least I never watched her all done well shame on you well I was in English I'm sorry.
Hey poor weekend guy that's why I didn't like him poor weekend in Jewish oh boy Jewish I think he's got a little Jew in him.
9 minutes after noon at 5.60 WQM if you find yourself looking in the mirror like Bokobrine I wonder where did it all go where did that hair vanish to God almighty almost every single strand is disappeared.
The answer is down the drain baby on the floor up your nose where the hell what it's going if you like to get the pack Charles off the areas the guy he's been on TV almost as much as that mark whatever is the guy's name is.
Oh look at that he borrowed most pieces morning and died it in between the shows that is that is incredible.
So only one word had a smile the way that look stupid anyway check out here he's been on speaking to a couple on good morning American today show which ain't no Ted Coppel but it's something and he's got the latest technology that provides sensational results for guys who want their hair back who want to look younger and better like a real mench is opposed to the silly way.
Look at Brian looks right now with that mouth he looking piece he looks like a cross between Bob Eisenberg and a dead squirrel so if you want to have holes in your head or looking like Brian looks right now go right ahead be my guest people after I saw that you if you want to look younger and better call Charles off here because at no price in the world can you get a better more natural looking piece call to a free one eight hundred three to one twenty four thirteen that's one eight hundred three to one twenty four thirteen or log on to their website at Charles off here he dot com make sure to mention the old political it'll save you two bucks off the regular price when you call Chuck Alphiery.
One eight.
God where there are no loose.
I'll straight to hell three on sports 20 O five sixty two A.M.
We're all welcome that's on to be the lockers out on a haunted street if she's gone to help them she left when she
should the night that Gary can't give it to her.
God.
They were out on a date parking Gary's car maybe Gary had gone just a little too far.
Yes.
He showed up the motor turned her and said how proud it baby I could use me some beer maybe that young intern thought
that that was in mind but the cocktails in their system made them feel so light.
John's a thought for a moment and said you're the class that maybe true said Gary but I still want your house.
Oh we're all welcome that's your dream.
She ain't been hurt is seen for so many weeks.
If she's gone to heaven then she left when she should the night that Gary can't give it to her.
God.
Squad.
When he woke up the next morning Sean drove was not around though Gary had noticed his pants were still down.
He remembered her point into her hearted eyes.
Yes Gary finally got what he wanted last night.
She had opened the door, winked at him and said I'll be back in just a little while then she took off after he blew her up kiss.
And no one including Gary has seen her since.
Well the fact is she's gone these facts made not be right.
If somebody knows the truth will then the truth will be nice.
We'll chamber and rate me from 15 to 5.
5.60 WQAM.
Never heard that note at the end there it's a good thing we had a pause you know.
Anyway continuing with the Sean Relieby story from the inquire this week's the brand new when they June the 18th.
What is it June 11? Whatever the hell it is.
You won't be able to find it yet anyway probably unless you go to like several places because they're just getting around with the one with the Columbine bodies on there and it's got the great Britney Spears picture in it.
Got it right here as a matter of fact and I still think she looks pretty damn good in that picture.
Even an old flag of like made things she's look boy.
She you know what she looks healthy.
She looks real healthy in that picture.
Not as healthy as Bokeh Brown would at her piece.
Why are you carrying that around? The Joe Pesci here piece.
He brought it in as a joke.
As a joke. What a clown.
Anyway getting back to this thing about basket robins and they had a funny container.
Police sent it off to the FBI lab for analysis hoping it would reveal the fingerprints or DNA belong to the killer who shared I asked him with Chandra said the insider or at least the flavor so we know what kind of taste they had.
I guess how the investigators believe Chandra spent her final moments alive.
She walked in this of course is all speculation.
She walked up to the clingle mansion about 4 p.m. at a time when park employees are gone.
There will be no sounds but the chirping of birds.
Please surround her she's out of sight from anyone using nearby roads.
In the small secluded parking lot police believe was awaiting car.
It was the killer's car and the nightmare began.
In one scenario detectives believe she was overpowered, dragged into the car and her tights pulled off.
There may have been a sexual assault even in act of bondage using the tights as a restraint, set a law enforcement source.
Her hands were tied in front of her using the legs of the tights.
It's likely that she was also gagged in some way because a attacker couldn't rescue when hearing her screams.
She was then thrown into the trunk of the car.
She must have been in total shock.
What's happening? Then the full effect of her fear sets in thoughts of betrayal and death.
The car moved slowly making its way along a narrow winding and isolated road within the park, headed north.
And ice cream containers tossed from the window.
Six minutes which must have seemed like an eternity pass then the trunk opens.
Chandra feels the arms lifting her out. She looks around desperately wondering how she can escape.
The car is parked in a small area on Glover Road. Just big enough for three vehicles next to what is known as picnic area 16.
No one is around. It's totally isolated with no houses or park visitors in sight. The picnic tables are unoccupied.
Her abductive begins to carry her drag herd toward dense woods just 15 yards away over dusty horse trail.
She's in mortal fear of her life. She's struggling, but there is no hope of escape.
Suddenly a man's forearm is wrapped around her neck crushing the breath from her body.
Her head is forced down causing damage to her a hyoid bone that was later uncovered during the museum by Washington DC Medical Examiner Dr. Jonathan Arden.
And so her life ebbs away as Chandra's last thought of her lover Gary Cundit.
With the young interns lifeless body in his arms the killer stumbles another 150 yards on a narrow rocky trail to the edge of a steep incline that would be her final resting place.
It's a struggle for Chandra's killer to get her body down the 35 degree hillside.
Finally he heaves it to a spot cheated by huge trees and hinted by poison ivy cinnamon for ins broken branches, roots and heavy underbreast some 30 yards from the edge of the incline.
The killer scrambles back up the hill and disappears.
And there she lay for nearly 13 months as her once beautiful body is racked by the elements, the massive police search that followed as the parents came as close as 100 yards to where her body lay decomposing, the remoteness of the area working against its discovery.
Charles Sirf, a longtime local resident and director of the Coral Arts Society of Washington told the inquire,
I lived in a house overlooking that exact spot for 21 years and in all that time I saw maybe three human beings on that slope. It's very, very steep.
Whoever did this planted out and did it very well, it's just about the right place in the park to hide something that would take a long time to be found.
US Park Police Officer J.E. Gwen Segrede would be easy to avoid being seen in that area. It's sparsely used particularly in the late afternoon.
The discovery of Shandra's body through a new spotlight on Congressman Conn, which is expected to be interviewed by police for a fifth time, said the close source,
he can expect to be closely questioned about his whereabouts from 4 p.m. onward on the day Shandra vanished.
He is sure to be asked about his knowledge of the park, cut its very familiar with the park and often wrote his bicycle through its sources until the inquire.
Another problem kind of faces our reports he's into sexual bondage, which involves tying up his partners. How do you like that?
Police continue to believe Shandra was killed by someone she knew. It's not a robbery because her walkman was found nearby the body, said police.
Investigators don't believe it was a random kill either because of evidence she left behind in a apartment of bed comforted tossed hastily inside her front door as if she just fished it out of a dryer down the hall and rushed off to keep a date.
And Shandra hadn't innocently strayed into the mot area of the park as she was jogging. Shandra's mother told me she would never have gone jogging that isolated area of the park.
Shandra was cousin Milwaukee attorney Michael Macellman told the inquire. She was street smart. She knew to be careful. Added Macellman the family is devastated. Bob and Sulevee always held out hope they'd celebrate one day when their daughter was found alive. Now their worth fears have been realized.
He revealed kind of distilled at the top of their list as a suspect. They think he had the motivation to want Shandra out of the way. They believe Shandra was going to reveal something about a relationship with him. He didn't want to be revealed.
That's in the inquire this week right on the front page. And guess what she still dead.
So now we can have a real good time with this for months to come right if we're all still alive. If we don't have nuclear war in India and Pakistan and if we don't have the polar ice caps melt before we expected to.
Little things like that. Hey we got to take her a big business. Speaking of business how's the market doing right now? Let's take a look at that just just for fun.
Yesterday took a real big dump. Not done dancing on anybody's grave but it looks to me like maybe I finally I'm not going to say I got out the right time because it was way too late for me in the right time.
I mean the right thing. Look at that. That was down another 67 points 96 and changed 96 42 and the next down really five but it's in the mid 1500s 1557s.
Looking kind of grim. And then you saw that tyco thing yesterday. I mean these investigations are just beginning to the tip of the iceberg and run and tyco and more to come.
More to tie. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 teen Verizon wireless line taking a few calls here this week one you know these three days give you a little shot at it not too much not too much action you notice.
563 votes that's what all the action is on our website on the pool today near Rogers dot com because first of all we got the cranks down there like a work and overtime and a frenzy on it and secondly the audience is very emotional about this.
Because given the chance to really rip some very serious ass while Leo was on vacation how did you like the Georgian Joe show.
Joe was good George sock 128. I listen to a lot of was fine 100 I listen very little I hated it 95 you fall into fourth place by the way George was good Joe sock 93.
I don't listen to it at all 93 and I listen there in fact you're tied for fourth wow and I listen to it every day was great 54 9.5%.
We're going to top 600 votes while the show is on today. We're going to like 42 million votes on this and like I said about 75 of might even be real.
What we got one call ring and on here WQ I am.
And that was it.
Notice how quick I'm in the finger that new little box no works great.
So that was it and all you assholes out there were giving me a song that ends about well we missed the phone calls were out of phone calls I don't see any phone calls.
That was it. That was a mentally of their material and even the ones we have taken yesterday and today I got news for I wouldn't give you like 40s I could go to basketball robins and have a much better time than those phone calls even on the way to that park.
WQ I am.
Can you hear me okay yeah I hear you.
I listen I drive all day I bring the muffins to the people of rock and county I'm a pastry salesman so I listen to you guys every day and I love your show.
I like it when you're there but when you leave the Georgian show show is fine and it should be just George or Joe it should be the Georgian Joe show because I think the two of them have great chemistry.
That's what I thought I thought it would be fine.
Now the people down here are far are already some I'm in the U.R. which may be bad for you guys but you know I think they're fun.
I mean I was how are you in the morning and I switch right over to you and it's like one big show carries on all day right and that's
what I wanted to say and just you know don't let you I mean maybe they can move on to bigger and better things who knows but for South Florida those guys are what
Mo would like to see like to see George who want to bigger and better things are even smaller and worse things.
I don't listen to that kind of more so I really don't have a great day.
You two thank you.
Keep pumping those muffins and if you're upset with that morning show call Greg Reed.
I'll never forget that morning when those parts were calling it call Greg Reed.
Yeah come on Mo lighten up stop in such an asshole.
Will you please stop in such a schmuck.
Is there any way to save him from himself but that Mo guy?
No I don't think so.
I don't know what I think I know what his problem was when he was younger.
Well Chamberlain Rape me and he just never recovered from that.
I don't I don't you wouldn't recover either man.
Boy it would be easy to say don't get so about that but not you know easier said than done.
I leave you walking funny all the all the rest of your life.
Well it's big and walking funny too.
He's got this hang up about faggot's to you and I got to loosen up about that man.
I think maybe if you found out that every member of the Boston cellar's was gay
that if they've counted ahead his way with all of them that you know might change his attitude about things like that.
But I could be wrong.
I could be just a hard ass.
WQAM.
George.
Yes sir.
Oh I thought I was going to get on with me.
It is Neil.
Neil.
Listen whatever you say if you would have said tiny I just said hey how you doing?
Hey welcome back I know you're not going to be here for a while but well fine.
No just long enough to get the little taste of what's going on here and believe me at least kind of a sour taste in my place.
I can imagine I don't even know why you come back.
I've been to Toronto only once but I was there for a month and I was 19 years old so you can imagine.
Yeah probably had a good time.
Yeah I'm only here for the chicks so I don't know why you're here.
But well that's why I'm not going to be here very long.
Yeah but I didn't really have anything to say I drive all day and I get really bored driving so I thought I talked to someone.
Okay thanks a lot pal.
Thank you.
And we'll see you.
Good luck with the chicks.
What are you laughing about?
He's here for the chicks.
He's here to get laid is what he's here for.
He wants to get his rocks off.
He wants to do the old the in out.
The old in out over and over again.
He wants to do the old bone in routine.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
So give that guy a break.
Quit laughing at everybody.
I think that maybe you are a little stupid.
WQAM.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
And could I get my mole and my toilet?
What was that going to be?
I don't think we do an English show on here.
Okay just like the poll we did yesterday.
Speak in English.
What was that something about?
Speak it blue and.
The priest blew him off and then you cut him off.
And have a good time.
I just want to contract him.
In the best interest of the game.
We exit 10 on sports radio 5.60.
Q.A.
These are all facts in the church.
Jesus Christ.
He's back on the power of the Vatican.
To help him cover up.
And then they will the best church.
He says I had.
Cardinal law.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
Cardinal law.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
David.
Does he have a 30 year old kid in rlman?
Not George, because he's stupid.
I think I made the right choice.
592 votes on that survey.
I'm not going to give the results again to Lee and the R because this is all bogus anyway.
But it sure is a lot of fun.
Sure give them something to do out there.
WQIM.
Hi, is Neil, thank you for the call today.
Yes, sir, I'm speaking.
You're speaking to him.
I beg your pardon?
Hey Neil, I was just having lunch and I was watching CNN.
Yeah.
And they had a meeting of the bishops in some state, I don't know.
And they had made mention that they are voting for dismissal from the church.
Yeah, I had a question.
With cases dealing with molestation.
I'm thinking myself, the arrogance of these people, you know, I'm not concerned about their dismissal from the church.
Well, they had to be turned over to the police exactly.
That's what I said before.
The word J-A-I-L is mysteriously missing from that whole story that I read.
Yeah, I mean, if I go, okay, so you all get together, all you people who are thinking care of our children.
And we decide if you molest the child you're out of the church.
Well, you know, I'm deciding that you go to jail.
Right, exactly.
Crazy.
That's where it's at.
OK, you too.
I mean, Jesus Christ.
5670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQIM.
Hola.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Good morning.
Good afternoon, sir, say.
Good afternoon, dog.
Neil, what was the name of that animal shelter you guys raised all that money for last year?
Animal rescue.
Abandoned pet rescue.
Abandoned pet rescue.
Something like that.
Abandoned pet rescue before a lot of it.
OK.
Oh, and by the way, Mr. Al, thick as nose and everybody else's business is down here.
Sharp them.
Yeah.
He's at the commission meeting.
For what?
Well, what's he down here while raising a bunch of crap about?
We got enough problems without his ugly ass down here.
Yeah, they got that civil review board for the cops when they shoot people.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, that's what he's got to know too.
Tell them to go back to New York.
I don't know, go away altogether.
Have a great day, pal.
OK.
Fat ass Al, sharp them.
And they ought to take him and Jesse Jackson and Louis Ferric on the three of them and send him to Siberia.
Send him over to Afghanistan.
They have taken care of the Al-Qaeda.
Do something useful.
Years later, here's a great story from the hero.
Of course, the Boston hero.
A real newspaper not the Miami hero.
Years later, some charged sexual abuse by nuns.
Good.
A half century after his Catholic school boyhood, John Kerrigan says he's still hunted by the memories of
figured right in the mantle of the church, finding sexual aggrantification through his fearful 12-year-old body.
Though his story echoes countless others in the ever-widening church molestation scandal,
it differs in that the alleged abuser was not a priest rather it was a nun.
This was one sick woman, Kerrigan 69, said of the Chicago nun whose image he's captured in oil paint,
a scene we calling Picasso's granicare nightmare.
What that was at?
Don't know. We don't know.
We're not into art.
We're bunch of slabs.
While abuse by nuns is little known, it's not in Namely said,
Hatchley Hill would document allegations against nuns in 23 states for a 1995 book,
Habits of Sin and Exposive of nuns who sexually abuse children and each other.
I don't think people want to go near the fact that women abuse let alone nuns,
but believe me it is real, said Hill, an alleged victim of a molester nun and a new Hampshire Catholic school in 1962.
Since Hill's book, More Accusations of Surface Including, in Vermont, law suits by as many as a hundred
former residents of Burlington's now-shuddered St. Joseph's orphanage,
charging sex abuse in the 40s and 50s, the naming of a nun along with 11 priests in a court suit against the diocese of Providence,
to impending law suits involving Boston nuns by turning Roderick McLeish Jr.
And another complaint brought to the Archdiocese of Boston, a woman said she was raped repeatedly by a nun as a first grader in South Boston 55 years ago.
She held me back another year so she could keep doing it, said a woman who said she reported to the Archdiocese in March of 2002,
but was encouraged to keep quiet.
The Reverend Chris Coyne in Archdiocese spoke to him and said there is no record of her complaint.
Of course, A.W. Richard Sip, a psychotherapist and former priest who's done extensive work with pedophile priests, said he's worked on dozens of nun cases.
But we said there are no studies regarding the numbers of nuns and molest children, the anecdotal evidence is telling.
I was on the St. Joseph's orphanage case, an interviewed number of victims he said, in one case the nun will get the boy in erection and burn him on the penis,
noting a common threat of satism mixed with sex and many allegations.
What did they use the burden of with?
The Satan is worth noting, I think they got away with sex abuse because of these stereotype of nuns slapping kids with rulers.
Andrew Ketterer remains former Attorney Generals familiar with that pattern, his knowledge is not from a courtroom from the New Jersey classroom where he says an unabused him 46 years ago.
She would basically say mean thanks to me as to I start till I started crying, then her demeanor would chain said Ketterer, whose mother died when he was five.
She'd say I'll be like your mother and she'd kiss away everyone in those tears, culminating with a very long kiss on the lips.
Ketterer, whose son colleagues by testifying as a victim at a legislative sex abuse hearing is quick to point out that his experience may not qualify as sex abuse, with some states to find his contact below the waist.
But he paused to consider that the only person he told me before the hearing was his wife shortly before their marriage.
I probably did think of it as sexual modded my wife to know, look you might be getting damaged goods in Ketterer, who's not considering a lawsuit and has made no attempt to locate the nun.
While Ketterer says he's cupped with memories of abuse's entire life, other cases fall into the more controversial category of so-called recovered memory.
Hollywood screenwriter Elizabeth Anderson says after a miscarriage, frightful memories resurfaced of molestation by nuns at Nohio boarding school.
It was just unspeakably terrible she said of the alleged rapes, but sister Kathleen Hughes who had the sisters of the Sacred Heart Order in St. Louis, which ran the now closed school disputes the accusation.
We thoroughly investigated it in their serious inconsistencies, she said, asserting the number of nuns that varies in the story and the school rules prohibited nun from being alone with a child.
Anderson scoffed at that saying having sex with students was also against the rules.
While Hughes acknowledges Anderson's complaint, other orders may be far more secretive.
Gary Shona reminisce on a psychotherapist who's treated thousands of religious people, called that troubling because almost all nuns belong to orders.
If you want to talk about a secret world, the nunnery is it, he said, that ISIS is an open book compared to the Convent.
Even if an order is relatively open victims may have difficulty finding nuns who cast off their given names and change names again as they move between orders.
Carrigan found that to be the case with the nun he alleges molested him, the way located her with the sisters of charity of the Blessed Virgin Mary in 1993.
I'm surprised he didn't fight her with Rosalope, Rosalope's house, on a Tottino's pizza on the 13th of the month.
Both the nuns who since died in the order to deny his accusations in a neighborhood where the man who was God bless the nuns, Carrigan said his family welcomed her off to tutor him.
Once the classroom door was locked, however the lesson stopped.
He detailed extended abuse at her hands, though he said he told the Jesuit priest about it in 1954 and others at least once a decade, nobody acted.
In 1983 his twin brother Ed told him he too was abused by the same nun.
A form of therapy Carrigan causes paintings of his torment or pretty scary and not indicative of his usual work.
Is it revenge? I don't know, said Carrigan now of New Mexico. I just want these people to make a bona fide attempt to straighten me out the mess they've made for thousands and thousands and thousands of people.
She was burning his penis. She had a burning yearning is what a broiled down to.
He was burning his penis with a cigarette, cigar, blow torch, hot poker, 21-1.
Here's a problem with George. He's stupid.
At 560 WQM, we don't have to get graphic. We don't have to detail how did she burn. Maybe we're in a settling torch. I don't know.
Barbecue grill? Barbecue grill could have been it. She might have confused it would like an Oscar-meyer. I don't know. Maybe she thought she was heating up lunch.
Hey, deli lovers. Have you tried South Florida's best kept secret? Well, at least the best kept deli secret. Jesus Christ. That's right, another deli.
You say, well, this isn't just another ordinary deli. This is the brother's deli. It's real New York style deli food and service and it's absolute best. Even more would be impressed.
The original brothers' restaurant they've been piling on the corn, beef, and stromney and scrumptious brisket on thousands of sandwiches since 1976. The rober stuffed sandwiches are so big that two hands aren't enough.
Brothers who got the best homemade soups and salads, homemade chopped liver, all your favorites, and their hand sliced Nova Scotia's salmon or mine you the lower east side, even if you have no idea where that is.
There's a full bakery and take out department. Brothers can even cater your next holiday or family gathering. So when you think of deli, think of brothers, it's sensational. They open every day for breakfast lunch and dinner.
In fact, just a sick amount all day. They're just like family. The original brothers restaurant eat in, take out catering and corporate functions as well. Visit your brothers at 1325 South Powerline Road or column at 954-968-5881 until that old meal sent you by for a fantastic deli treat. 954-9...
The commission's call 1-866-9-8 for generous all cash off on your house.
The recovery begins at 630 on sports week 256-9-8-8.
Your gang.
Yeah.
Truly.
Yeah.
Jesus Christ.
1246-560-WQM got the mad dog. The, uh, what is it they call him?
The mad dog or the angry puppy. There you go. He's coming up at 1. Hank is going to be doing a show from the Belmont from New York from Belmont Park and ready for the big Belmont this Saturday.
We'll be talking to Dave Johnson on Friday.
We're emblem will win a triple crown. You mark my words. Plunge your brains out at about 3-5.
Hank, like I said at 3 o'clock, 6.30 we got Marlon on deck and then 7.05 Marlon's into fillies.
Eddie K. after baseball and Joan Mark overnight between 2.06. Joe who either did very well or very poorly depending on who you believe fixed our poll today on our survey, which now has 616 votes.
Shocking.
Oh.
They were really intent on, uh, look at us. You're down to fifth place.
Boy, from the top nearly to the bottom in just a couple of short hours. That's how fleeting life is, you know.
Report. Al-Qaeda threatens attacks. The spokesman for the Al-Qaeda terror group has threatened more attacks on Americans and Jews in a message published by the Pan-Arab Daily al-Hayat this past weekend.
We confirm our continuation in working to attack Americans and Jews and targeting them in both people and buildings.
As saying in an article that the newspaper said was published on the website, www.alnada.com, the site could not be accessed on Sunday.
What will come to Americans God willing won't be less than what has come. America should be ready and high alert and fast in the seatbelts.
As with the will of God, we will come to them from where they did not expect.
Aboghath was quoted as saying the newspaper did not give his whereabouts, they give his home address and phone number.
Gordon John Drow, a spokesman for the White House Office of Homeland Security, said Sunday in Washington he was not familiar with the report, couldn't come out in its credibility.
Speaking generally of such threats, however, he said we've said for some time that Al-Qaeda is still interested in attacking the US.
We've been working since 9-11 to try and prevent to disrupt their organization from attacking the US.
Also to strengthen our critical infrastructure and response capabilities against future attacks.
People purporting the speak for Al-Qaeda have also made threats against Jews and Westerners since 9-11.
Last week FBI director Robert Mueller warned of a possibility of a new terrorist attack against the US.
There will be another terrorist attack, we will not be able to stop it, Mueller told a meeting of the National Association of District Ternes.
It's something we all live with.
Don't you like his positive attitude? Yeah. There will be another terrorist attack, we will not be able to stop it.
Aboghath said the United States was targeted because of what it does in regions of the Islamic world and being in partnership with the Jews, the head of corruption and decay, the reason behind all the injustice and oppression that befell on Muslims.
He said all that Israel was doing in Palestinian territories for more than 50 years was with American blessings.
He said US policies in Iraq, Afghanistan and Somalia as well as in the Sudan, Philippines, Kashmir and Indonesia were against Muslims.
After all of this, doesn't the pray have the right while it is being slaughtered to kick back? That's P.R.E.Y.
He was quoted as saying.
Aboghath was stripped of his Kuwaiti citizenship in October after the former teacher and mosque preacher, appeared in TV broadcast on behalf of Osama Yamama, the prime suspect in the attack on the other side.
56670560, Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines. WQAM, hello.
Hello.
And a very short call. WQAM.
A meal. Yes, sir. I've got a sighting for you. I just left Royal Castle and Wayne himself was pulling out of the driveway.
Excellent.
He looked huge. This is George's, all right? No. Oh.
Why do I speak to George? No, I want to speak to Neil. No, I'm not Neil.
Anyway, welcome back. Thanks. Say how do I give him a big kiss for us?
One other thing, the guy they called in about the hate, the cops being recruited in Haiti.
Yeah.
I think another thing while Neil was gone, why are you talking to me like in the third person? This is Neil.
I just have a bad connection on him.
Oh, okay. But I thought you might like this one too. Apparently two inspectors that an airport here in the US had a guy arrested who was trying to speak to them in English,
and neither of the inspectors spoke English as the first language, which caused the original guy to get arrested because they thought he was making a bomb threat.
Thank you. There you go.
Unbelievable.
Okay, get back to America while you can.
Welcome back. Good luck to you. I will. So I'm not even to America. Maybe like North America. Further north.
Five. Oh, look at that. WQ I am.
WQ I am.
Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Good.
You just lit my fuse, but good with that last article you read about the nuns.
Yeah.
I was taught by nuns all through my grammar school education.
They are the worst thing that the church has ever put on anybody.
They are I was not physically of sexually abused, but I was mentally and physically tormented by the church.
They just miserable. They have no compassion.
And only later in life, if I really thought about what their physical abuse that they issue on children,
that they're actually getting their rocks knocked off on us.
See, that's why I can't understand why they're still even with all the nuns that we have now,
while there are still our parents who are willing to turn their children over these six sick twisted assholes
who do all these bizarre and grotesque and the sadistic things to their kids.
They absolutely you could have said it better. They are sick and twisted.
I have friends, neighbors who send their kids to cathode school, and I do nothing I can but to discourage it because of the experiences I had.
I was I mean, I was told when I was in the seventh grade, taking the preparation test for high school,
that I was an absolute 100% illiterate.
Really?
And I was far from illiterate. I mean, I'm not an Einstein, but I was not a literate kid.
And they would continually, you know, people laughing, you hear about the rules and stuff like this.
They would absolutely paddle everybody. One day I was reading a number wrong when I was in about the third grade
where I had my commas and decimal places wrong, you know, you have 2,300 and so on.
And the non-cap taking my head and smashing it into the blackboard because I didn't know what I was doing wrong.
They should be done away with, I mean, the situation with the police should be in jail, but there's absolutely no need for nuns at all.
They're sick bastards.
Amen. Amen.
Thank you.
Okay, there's a little lunch there for there. Just the whole thing is a pile of crap.
But I can say you're keeping saying it till I'm blue in the face and they put it in your hands,
you people with your kids out there, either going to turn them over to these sick crazy twisted people
and wait for the horrendous story to come out years later or else the horrendous aftermath
or have your kid commit suicide or some other grotesque or you're going to find a wise up and stop subsidizing this sick twisted schmit.
But just remember, it's not a pedophilia problem, it's a homosexuality problem.
Oh, that's right, it's a fact problem, I forgot about that.
So thank goodness, I guess we're very lucky then that the...
There's no fact in the third.
Unfortunately...
I'm not a US only.
We're in a half-life.
We nights at 10 on sports radio 560.
You A.S.
I'm Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rodg.
Hard hitting journalism.
What colors does sky?
The tough West Jets.
How many fingers am I holding up?
With the demeanor of a grizzled journalist.
You, like my suspenders?
This is Larry King still alive.
So you sleep well last night?
We reserve parking for you, did you find it okay?
Tonight on Larry King still alive.
White House spokesman, Larry Flesher.
So what do you want?
Why, yes it seems I can.
You ever see a cocoa-da clown?
No, I can't say that I have.
You know, you look like cocoa-da clown.
Really? It's a tell-me-ing.
Is it true you're gay?
Huh?
Do I?
Well, you must be.
You wear it on your sleeve.
Your skin is so soft.
It's just love and that's tonight on Larry King still alive.
Proff.
57 at 560 WQM.
A top aid departmental Breard Law was urged in 1994 to notify
parishioners that it does not size these priests have been pulled from churches for
molesting children, but chose to keep it a secret from those affected sources said yesterday.
This in today's Boston Herald.
Despite pleas from an alarmed nun who served as his key deputy, Bishop John McCormick,
now Manchester, New Hampshire, actively hit from Bay State Church Corps, the fact that priest
were yanked from parishes amid abuse cases, church files to be released as would indicate.
Among those noted were Reverend Bernard J. Lane, Paul J. Mayhan, Paul R. Shanley, our favorite,
Ronald Pac-Win and Ernest E. Tornigay.
McCormick scheduled to be deposed under oath today.
He was law secretary for ministerial personnel from 1984 to 1995.
I know I sound like a broken record that unsuspector Catherine E. Molkerin said to McCormick in one memo.
