Now the Neil Roger show on 560 WQAM
Take off the facts in the shirt
I'm too sexy for my love
Too sexy for my love
What's going to weave me
Ah
Hello
I'm too sexy for my shirt
Too sexy for my shirt
So sexy it hurts
Now I'm too sexy for that rabbit
Too sexy for that rabbit
That rabbit's letting get it
Urgh
I'm a hunter
I hunt rabbits
I do my little thing in the fallest
Well I'm a hunter
I hunt rabbits
I do my little thing in the fallest
I'm too sexy for my bullets
Too sexy for my bullets
I put bullets in my rifle
I'm too sexy for this forest
Shhh
Everely, veily quiet
I'm hunting rabbits
I'm a hunter
I hunt rabbits
I do my little thing in the fallest
Urgh
I'm a hunter
I hunt rabbits
I do my little thing in the fallest
Urgh
I'm too sexy for that rabbit
And pardon me doc
Are you talking about me
Oh yes
I'm gonna quest you and use you for swippers
Urgh
My thoughts
You are a mental case
And you better put that gun down
Ladmin boy before you hurt somebody
Host of a beast in your little hair ball
Blackity, agity, agity, agity, agity
I'm gonna go out
Tin Lizzie boys are back in town
So I go out nine-eyed first
Before I bought that CD
I didn't think I was gonna be able to find it
So I go over to Sam's
And I see the boys are back
Attribute to Tin Lizzie
And this is George Lacta actually
Yeah
Which it's got all other hits sung by
And performed by a whole bunch of other
Us stupid stars
Phil Campbell of Motorhead
Phil Deanna of Iron Maiden and Killers
And the
Bernie Torme from Ozzy Osborne
Any relation to Mel
Probably a sister
Rick Willes from Forner and Bad Company
And just a whole bunch like about
The 30 different people
Provering on this CD
And they also did their virgin
Of course of the boys are back in town
But that low and be hold of my luck
And the next record store I went to
There was there was that
Which I just played
At an extra charge
71 votes on a poll yesterday
Tin Lizzie the boys are back in town
Where are you gonna hear that and solve for
Any station play in that
Uh
No
In fact, I didn't station play in most of these
Songs that we're talking about
No
No, they're not
Anyway, so it's a
After that it was quite a battle yesterday
I must tell you that
Arlo Guthrie City of New Orleans
With second with 45
Carl Douglas Kung Fu fighting
44
Joey Scarborough
A team from a greatest mercenary
That's gonna make Debbie happy
Nice going Debbie
That had 42
And rounding out the top five
Just just edging out 10 years after
And I'd love to change the world
Mason Williams Classical Gas
At 38
So there's the top five from yesterday
Or compiling what I would call pretty impressive list, you know what
Yeah
Let's see then after that the 10 years after the vapors turning japanese 33
Right said Fred I'm too sexy 32
I had to march in vehicle 31
Oh the Starland vocal band afternoon to like 28
The vitals I touched myself
Mungo Jerry in the summertime
A ThunderClapp Newman something in year 25
Tag team and wound there it is
21
21 assholes think that's the best one hit wonder in this list
The assembled multitude which started out very slowly
And then I played it again to give it a little hype here on the show yesterday
And did very well had 20
Also more today than yesterday spirals through a case at 20
Four non-blans what's up?
Chumble Wamba Tuft Thumpin
G.N.C. Riley Harper Valley PTA
Tom Cochran, Life Is A Highway
Harold Falter, my axle F head 13
That should make Robert happy
Status quo pictures of matchstick man which is what I voted for
Had only 11
Isn't that depressing?
What are you gonna do?
Yeah, what are you gonna do you know
But the good news is and I book a brine
I don't want to get him depressed because he's already so depressing
But allow the stuff that he sent me because I research to see
I could take everybody's word for it say oh yeah
So it's only had one hit
But you know what?
A lot of times they're full of crap
You look at up your billboard book
Bill board don't make mistakes it's stepped
except for question mark and mysterious
Which I looked about on the internet and he was reported in 1945
In Sagittall, Michigan, what is the name?
I don't know I wrote a chapter
Mr. Mark
Mr. yeah, Mr. question
Maybe Mr. Mark
Maybe he was kind of Marky Mark
So anyway status quo pictures of matchstick
Crash test dummies
69 boys standels dirty water head only in yine
godly and cream cry head only in yine
And then after that it was strictly downhill
Can you believe Joe Jeffrey group in my pledge love had only three
That's not gonna stop me from playing a little bit of it
What happened to my scd from uh
If you can see the mess I got here
Good golly miss Molly
I got a mess you know what?
A big fat freaking mess
But that's where it goes
I'm looking for Timothy by the boys
Maybe I put it back in my thing here
And I did not missing disc
Missing disc George
Crawl around on the floor and see if you can find it
All right, I'll be right back
Missing god damn disc
Oh boy and you know something one of the odds I'm never gonna find that now
Any chance
And the audience is saying with a sigh of relief
Oh thank god we don't have to hear Timothy by the boys
Well I was just gonna play like in about five words
That would have been enough
So there's yesterday's result and then we'll put together a pool today
I got I just got tons of crap today
Tons and tons of good important stuff
Although I'm very dismayed over the fact that Timothy by the boys that cd has vanished
You'll find there you'll supply the players
What's that?
I give up
Oh
What the music
Hailbreak
Oh
Okay that's enough
You had your shot at it and now of course he's dead anyway
For a long time
So we got some faxes here to get us started
I just can't handle this semis
I just got a whole pile of crap
Frank says and also a rich factor
Which I'm embarrassed for
Oh you know what I did I put the wrong see
I put the wrong disc into your thing
Okay so we're saved
Those of you who've been waiting overnight
Breathlessly to hear the boys in Timothy
Guess what you're in luck
Good
I mean how many songs about cannibalism are there
That's enough
Okay
That was much more than enough
Yeah we know what it's all about
Okay we've been through that a zid in times already
And you just want to rub it in
Hey wait you need to be more
Rich factor and Frank both point out
In fact Frank says I can't believe you left out Debbie Boone
And you let up my life
Well it was only number one for 10 weeks Frank
And you're right
We're just trying to like a bluff that out of our minds
For obvious reasons
Can everybody understand that?
Debbie Boone
Rhymes with spoon and moon and June and
Coon
And we hate Debbie Boone
But it was very popular for some bizarre reason
It was number one for 10 weeks
I guess all the goyam liked it
Is that what it was?
She had big boobs
So mark that down
Mark it down
There's the first one for our new list today
You don't light up my life by Debbie Boone
And by the way I don't care how many votes it gets
You will not hear that on this show
Okay
12 minutes after night at 560 WQM
You know, Mactia shopping is a gigantic
A cataclysmic waste of time
That's correct
Because a lot of assholes get in their car
You know raining like held on there
And then on the days when the sun is shining
It's 145 degrees
So why the hell run all over time
A waste that time and gas get all sweated up
And then get ripped off anyway
When you can just sit there on your ass
Do the lazy comfortable thing
Make one easy phone call to dial a mattress
Like I've been doing for many years now
Just call 1-800 Mactress
They'll come and take away the crappy old worn out
Butting and sit you up a great new mattress
And whatever else you want
Call 1-800 Mactress
And they'll give you all the choice
Like you have no place else
All the top manufacturers in the world
They got Certa Ceeley
Simmons King Coil
And they got a deep selection
Each one too shouldn't have to worry about a bait and swish
Exactly the mattress you're waiting for is in stock
Right now as I speak
And ready for immediate delivery
And of course they let you pick the time in the day in the window
Two hour window when you want to deliver
When it's convenient for you when you're going to be there
Like between noon and two
Or one and three
And two and four and whatever else
And they give you that 30 day in a home comfort
Try to sleep on it
And test it out to smart way too
So if you want to do your back a big favor
And start feeling better every day
When you pop out of the sack
Get yourself a great new mattress
The easy smart way
The inexpensive way from dial a mattress
Call 1-800 Mactress right now
And you'll be sleeping with a gigantic smile on your push as soon as tonight
1-800 MactRES
Or check them out
Let's tax and tag
The manager
We gazing one on sports radio 5-16 Q-A-M
Can't beat that Gator meat
Two fans at the register pay the big price
Pay the big price pay the big price
Two fans at the register pay the big price
Pay the big price pay the big price
Guess who's back man
Back looking
Yeah
Shady back man
No afraid
Free
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
I'm created a monster
That everyone wants to get the hot new record from Shady and they drop liver
Well take it from Shady's way I figure this dude will be a richer man
And they are rap singer
A little bit of me
And some more six figure sounds like the kind of life that makes my life bigger
Fortunately
This white MC figured out how to get rich successfully
It's amazing for Shady to debate and up to creating every person in the world
That's me they're hating
What about this dude?
The worst
This CD
I don't complicate things basically
So basically the place to be in the case like me is shamelessly doing things lazily
And crazily you buy my music facefully
Sure Showns are empty because of me
Now if one's no real job for me
To write a tune for my CD
See to get the song right actually
Hey joke the minute
Literally
See I keep things easy
Lyrically
With the rhythm based on simplicity
Then I sit and count my royalties
Sure Showns are empty because of me
I would have been a bad taste if I said that I would pay
To watch Eminem rape Debbie Boone
That would be bad wouldn't
No
Wouldn't be bad
Anyway Bonnie Tyler somebody says total eclipse of the heart
And she had three hits
Sorry
Nice try but she had three hits
Looked it up in my book and my billboard book
And my billboard looked all make mistakes except about
What was his name
You know I wrote that down somewhere too
Just to make sure I'd have it
Rick
Rick something or other
He was born in 1945 in Sagittanyl, Michigan, lead singer
Of a question mark in the theory
In 96 tiers
I have that here as a matter of fact 96 tiers
But
We'll have to wait on that
Just I'm just overwhelmed you know
Overwhelmed with crap
I'm knee deep in crap
For example here's a suggestion from a listener one hit wonder
It says how about
Bobby McFarron and don't worry be happy
How about it
Now do you remember it was the old the old channel four
Which is now on channel six
Remember they did a TV campaign based on that song
Yes
And that's when we really began to hate
Both the every freaking everywhere
We just started hitting the whole world once they started playing that too much
Because it's annoying
Overdone overplayed
Run into the ground
I'll tell you one thing whoever does the whistling on that song
They sure couldn't whistle like Pat Boone speaking of the Boons
Remember love letters in the sand
Yep
Did you know he did the whistling on that
I didn't
I wish I enroute in the middle of the song
Well that was Pat Boone
He not only sang it he whistled it too
He knew how to put his lips together and blow
Anyway, here's the facts that has a few suggestions for us
Well, let's see is there anything else on that scene
That's worth the given a shot
I just got all this Catholic pre-stuff that things going on in Dallas
The Dallas news has got a 75,000 page report in expose
We'll get to it
Just calm down
Oh I'll tell you what else is on here that we need to hear immediately
If not sooner that did very well on our survey yesterday by the way
You know what it is?
You know it?
Oh, they produce
Yeah
I got your picture
On the end of you
Yeah, that did pretty well
And you know something it was a novelty song but we liked it
Yes
Right?
It was cute
It was cute
Not as cute as Clark Kent but it was cute
Speaking of Clark Kent and turning Japanese
Somebody better tell them don't you think that thing too hard to pull right off of his body
You know what
Just think about that for a second
Anyway, here's a poll that says it's raining men by the weather girls
I'm gonna have to look that up
They don't have to hit any other hits
Wow
Oh
See just like there only here even though this is a beautiful studio they built for me
It's a limited space you know what I mean
I don't even
So I don't have the uh in fact yesterday Robert said were you a banging on that dump button
I said not intentionally
But if you saw the location of it it's very possible like I accidentally dumped it
Bumped it
Bumped and dumped it
What am I looking for?
The weather girl that I don't even see the goddamn weather girls how's that possible
Why is somebody faxing us the lyrics to you light up my life
Some asshole probably probably a Debbie Boone stalker
Now let me see it's it's raining men's gotta be in here right
And guess what what it's not it wasn't a top 40 hit it wasn't a top 40 hit it was just a novelty tune that they played at gay bars
Right
I can't believe that and then what's your name?
We did it from the spice girls what else in jury Hallowell read it recently
Of course that was not in this country was it released in this country? No
As we were discussing off the year before to show there's so much good music which never gets released in USA. So
Tough luck
Anyway, it's raining men doesn't qualify play that funky music white boy by wild cherry or possibly black cherry
And you are absolutely correct on that one and it is wild cherry even though
Bokeh Bryant made a mistake on it what a bokeh Bryant say was a blind yeah not the average white band
Bokeh I'm telling you sent me some great stuff but boy you're all over the place
I had to do about 45 hours research just since yesterday
Getting the ones that actually qualify some were not even hits
Much less top 40 much less so one hit wonders strawberry letter 23
Now who did that don't we have that in here somewhere brothers Johnson and what did we decide?
Uh, I think they had more hits
That one
But I don't know you looked it up or remember you looked it up and I can't remember
I already researched it because it's how one of the bokeh Bryant's it just calmed down for one second
See this is too overwhelming if my vast staff
If I had a stand let's see strawberry uh fields forever what am I looking for strawberry letter 23
I don't know
We just don't have time to dick with us right now. Oh Mickey. You're so fine by Tony Basel. Didn't we play that the other day?
Yeah, we wouldn't you did thank you very much, but we wouldn't dig to five by putting that on it come on
I lean by Dexie's midnight runners
Yeah, what about it? It was a hit
Okay, good
Okay, we got more important fish to fry. Let me before we get more with this music stuff. Okay
So I'm watching the news yesterday and they said the Dallas Morning News yesterday
And of course this bishops meeting is going on as we speak in Dallas or maybe they're not out of the sack yet
Maybe they haven't put their altar boys back in a uh dr. D. B. B. Pettit on head
Anyway, Catholic bishops and sex abuse. There's a lengthy article
I didn't realize quite how lengthy and expose a in the Dallas Morning News yesterday
You can go to their website and take a look at it
The reason I'm saying look at it because it's uh much much too long for me to go into here on the air
The essence of it is this because I started downloading this yesterday and in my facts machine says page one of
136 and I said oh, I don't think so
I don't think so
Roughly two thirds of top U. S. Catholic leaders have protected priest accused of sexual abuse and a systematic practice
That spans decades and continues today a three month Dallas Morning News review shows
The study the first of its kind looked at the records of the top leaders of the nation's
178 mainstream Roman Catholic diocese
Including acting administrators in cases where the top job is vacant
Excluded from the study were auxiliary bishops who in larger diocese servants haveordinate rules
But can still vote on many matters before the U. S. Conference of Catholic bishops
The 17 bishops who lead eparches whatever that is what's an eparchy
Kottley
Which are diocese like entities that worship according to the eastern right see I have a part in they answered it
In checking whether a bishop had protected priest rather church representatives accused of sexual abuse
Reporters Brooks Egritan and Reese Dunclin relied on published reports court records interviews and church records obtained in civil
Elitigation most protected priest were accused of sexually abusing minors primarily adolescent boys
But also younger ones and a sizable number of girls of various ages the newspaper study also covered behavior that indicated a sexual attraction to minors
Such as viewing child pornography or in one case
Trading sexually charged emails with someone a priest believed was a minor and that goes on in the next to 75,000 pages
Uh, and I wish I did have time because then I would have printed it all on
It's got the diocese location for example the first one archbishop Roger Schweitz
Whose head of the archbishop of head of the diocese of Anchorage, Alaska
One of his top bids is the Reverend Timothy Crowley who left the pastor job in 1993 in the diocese of Lansing, Michigan
After being accused of sexual misconduct with the boy church officials in
Anchorage recently acknowledged that they knew about the priest passed
See, that's just one. That's the first of about eight zillion
So two thirds of the this is like the a fox guarding the chicken coop is what this whole dog and pony show that to put on right now
Because two thirds of these guys are already should be in jail
They've been looking the other way and knew what was going on and then do a guy damn thing about it in fact moved him around
So they could most somebody else's kids
I just mentioned that in passing
I'll frank a Doug Monteiro in the New York Post one of our favorite comments on the shows got a great column
They church has blood of suicide victims on its hands. We'll get to that in a second and we'll get back to our one-hit wonders
I have he played today, man. I can barely carry it
26 after nine at five sixty wqm here's an easy question with an easy answer if somebody offered to give you
Hand over to you several thousand dollars over the next few years would you accept it?
Damn straight you would be stupid not to do it which makes it really stupid to pass up the opportunity to refinance or buy a home at
3.95 percent here's the deal
There's a fanny made program available 3.95 percent for both refinance again purchasing of homes think about it
Just 3.9 for a 5 percent and all you have to do to get the information about how this works
And just pick up that instrument or as make one easy call or the phone if you like call 1 800 940
053 63 that's 1 800 940 53 63 to be more specific you can borrow a hundred grand with payments of only
475 bucks a month or borrow 200 grand with payments of only
950 dollars a month you'll save yourself a Schmidt load of cash so it'd be downright stupid to pass up a chance to do something smart like that
So do the math and do the next logical thing do the smart thing get the details with no obligation by calling the financial group at 1 800
940 land that's 1 800 940 53 63
There were an equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply and rate
God where there are no loose
Go straight to hell
On sports 205 62 AM
Hey
You know I find a funny magazine to look upon
Because I'm obsessed
Would make it as an cans
I find the secret little place to lock myself away
I'll just take some time to feed a legend
Be with my manhood pride everything everything will feel all right
Everything everything will be all right
Hey
I should feel ashamed
When I'm churning butter all alone you can't come in
You can try right now
Just beat yourself
Soon you'll know that you have finished up with no one else
You just take some time to feed a legend too!
With your manhood pride everything everything will feel all right
Everything everything will feel all right
You just take your time to feed a legend with your manhood rides everything everything will feel all right
Everything will be all right
Alright!
Remember this golden gasser!
Wonderful WQAM!
Rudy Martinez!
You know why I couldn't find it?
Why?
Because I wrote it down on the sheet, where it on the Ode with the disc.
Okay.
Rudy Martinez boarded in 1945 and Sagitton, Michigan! Nice going!
There we go!
Finding out one right anyway.
96 years, great song only got what did it get?
A few votes, so I'm not going to go back and get that thing out again.
Yeah!
Yeah, no I had more than that, I think like 10.
Church has a lot of suicide victims on its hands, rights, Douglas Montero in the New York Post today.
He says the Catholic Church in the United States is up against the wall.
That was evident yesterday when two heartbroken women basically accused the Church had his bishops of manslaughter.
Five years ago these women would have been called blasphemers, blasphemers.
But yesterday in Dallas where about 300 bishops are meeting to address the Church's growing, priest sex abuse crisis, these women were sought after.
People are listening thanks to the 700 journalists here.
People are finally getting the message that when it comes to sex abuse of kids, the Church isn't as holy as it pretends to be.
Janet Patterson, 58 of Kansas, does want to take down the Church.
She just wants people to know her 29-year-old son, Eric Bluas, brains out on October 29, 1999, because a predator priest abused him 17 years earlier.
Priest sex abuse is deadly, said Patterson, who spoke calmly holding a photograph of herself and her husband kneeling by their son's grave.
All his life he tried so hard to please God and he always came up short.
We came here to speak out so others don't feel desperate or alone.
She's angry because Church leaders allowed her son's attacker to function as a priest, although he'd abused others before.
Patterson has a website where relatives of priests included suicide victims can post information.
What is it priest-induced suicide victims can post information about their cases and document church negligence.
The faces of the spiritual leaders of Catholics in New York were plastered on a newsprint page like so many mug shots.
Below their names were listed details of how they allowed predator priest to infest communities, advocate Terry Light 50 as today was in tears, recalling how her friend and fellow victim Mary Ann Loveleys 55 committed suicide two years ago in Las Vegas, a priest raped her when she was 17.
Light cried an hour before she and other victims were to meet with members of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, Adhaq Committee, set up to develop a new priest sex abuse policy.
She cried because when she and Loveleys met with a similar ad hoc committee in 1994 in Washington, the bishops were falling asleep listening to what she said.
The committee this time will stay awake. There's blood on their hands and native out Catholics in this country know it.
Right, Stug Monteiro, today's New York Post.
I have so much priest stuff today, man. I got priest coming out my ass, you know what?
So do all the other boys.
Oh, brother.
Although before we get back to that, just so we can spread it around a little bit.
Yeah, to talk about good religious hate since that basically is like a repetitive redundant religious hate.
St. Louis, Missouri, the new head of the Southern Baptist Convention has rejected calls to repudiate what a Muslim group is calling bigoted and hate-filled statements made by one of its pastors.
The Reverend Jack Green elected the convention's president just on Tuesday said the Reverend Jerry Vines comments about Islam were accurate.
Vines, a former convention president told conventioners at a pastor's conference Monday that many of this country's problems, problems can be blamed on religious pluralism.
Pluralists would have us believe that Islam is just as good as Christianity, but I'm here to tell you ladies and gentlemen that Islam is not just as good as Christianity.
Vines passed the first bath this church of Jacksonville, Florida, told several thousand delegates of the gathering at St. Louis.
Islam was founded by Muhammad, a demon possessed pedophile who had 12 wives and his last one was an 9-year-old girl.
And I will tell you Allah is not Jehovah either. Jehovah is not going to turn you into a terrorist that will try to bomb people and take the lives of thousands and thousands of people.
I guess he forgot about the crusades and the inquisition and things like that.
They forgot.
Abraham Cooper, a spokesman for Washington-based council on our islam-American-Islamic relation, said the comments were outrageous.
It's really unfortunate that a top leader in a mainstream Christian church would use such hate-filled and bigoted language in describing the faith of one fifth of the world's population who were set on Tuesday.
This is the level of bigotry that requires a clear statement from the top leadership of the Southern Baptist convention.
Graham of Plano-Texas' Advine Statement is an accurate statement that he would not condemn his colleague. How do you like that?
I will not respond to Dr. Vine statement other than to say that anyone who follows any path who wants to go to heaven should look carefully at who they're following and what they believe he told reporters.
William Merrill, a spokesman for the SBC Executive Committee, said the comments were made outside the actual meeting and that it was not the SBC's place to comment.
Ingrid Madison, vice president of the Islamic Society of North America, and a professor of Islamic studies at Hartford Seminary in Connecticut called the comments,
mean evil. She said statements like this from such a high-placed religious leader can lead to violence against Muslims. It makes me wonder what's the hateful religion right now that we should be worried about, she said.
How do you like that, huh?
I like it.
As they just continue attacking each other, attacking, attacking, attacking my religions better than yours, and the real Christians and the real good people that I believe is please stand up.
Kind of sounds like something that John Ascroft said a few weeks ago, remember that?
I do.
Yeah.
Fashes pig, right wing crazy son of a bitch, but anyway.
So getting back to our good music here. See, I got to like segue.
No, I like it.
I like it too. Bricks it up a little bit.
Now, what else was on it?
I guess nothing else, huh?
I wrote these down by the way, just, uh,
well, we already got 96 tears. We did that. Is it okay? So let's not repeat.
And we already did this one too, but since it's on air.
Yeah. But we didn't, did we do this?
Let's write that's right. I'm sad and blue.
I can't do the blue, because though I'm lost, I'm lost, can't do it.
Are you sure?
I'm pretty sure.
Are you sure?
Not probably.
I remember writing this down.
Well, I'm looking at four kids.
I'm singing one more time, oh, my mother.
I don't see.
What are you doing?
I'm making right that down.
This is silly song, but people like it.
Who did that?
The Pippkins.
Pippkins?
Pippkins with a P-P-I-P-K-I-N-S.
Pippkins.
You don't know your Pippkins, mister. I'll tell you that right now, Goddammit.
Pumpkins?
How about the smashing pumpkins?
You hear what the smashing pumpkin said yesterday, all of it?
That's what they said.
People?
People, and I love you. This is a great song.
Yes.
All of it takes forever to get going, you know.
We listened to it before the show today.
For about an hour.
At the last minute.
45 minutes and finally gets going.
We could do the weather report and a lost dog.
Yeah, how'd you like to do the talk up on this, baby, huh?
Not to make Ricky Tiki flip his cap.
I don't wish you all your good guy in our book.
You're okay.
100% free three hours today in Dayton, Routin.
The next to me, wash off that again.
Yeah, logonacuum.com and start playing the Toyota baseball trivia challenge.
Weekly prizes include golf or forward chulas.
The grand prize is a privilege of the New York or the Labidi weekend.
To see the Marlins play the meds, so logon and start playing with it today.
You can logon right now if you like at WQM.com.
And believe me, we're not even close.
No, that was good though.
Hit a post.
Hit a post.
You're close.
But you hit a post.
Yeah.
She'd manage at one o'clock.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Great song.
Boy, it sure took a long time getting around with that, didn't it?
Yeah.
But this room was the war.
What the hell is this?
Pacific gas and electric.
Are you ready?
Fit down and flip it.
You know all this songs?
Yeah.
Is this one we're writing this down?
You bet you're sweet ass we're.
You can also subtitle it like, do you be ready?
But I guess that's back in those days they didn't speak like that.
What year was that from, you know?
Yeah, like I do.
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Pacific gas and electric, baby.
We got the old gas.
941 at 560.
That's what John Ascroft is probably going to give a lot of folks too.
But gas if they don't watch out.
Hey, father's day is coming just a matter of days away now.
Make that feel special like getting him this year.
We're going to give him a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
Anyway, when I do put on those new balance shoes and I'm out walking around on the streets and all over shmoring around as my mother would say, especially in Amsterdam it was cobblestone streets. In fact, everybody's going to be going on vacation this summer almost everybody. And when you're going to be doing all that walking you're going to have some great walking shoes. That's why new balances the place to get it. And you always know you're going to get a perfect fit because every time you go in there the train, foot fetishes and specialists and new balance measure it the old fashioned way the length and the width they want to take a good hard look at it and your foot too. New balance scores with three great great locations in Miami's Pine Quest, the second floor of the Evans Hurrah Mall and the
town center in Bokka or you can check them out on their website at newbalancemyme.com and don't forget until Father's Day buy any new balance shoes and get a free cushion support in so I'm telling that Neil sent you by but hurry because the
see you there.
And Kathleen's game nights week back to Ted on sports radio 560.
QA.A.
I don't believe it.
The holding commercial was childishly edited from its original form into our own perverted version.
Any reassembly of an actual commercial by this program is purely adolescent in no way affiliated with the advertiser but it does make us laugh.
Is there a better way to experience intimate cleansing? Now there is.
Introducing Vagicill Cleansing Foam.
It's so smooth and creamy.
It kind of tastes like miracle web.
It's unlike any douche, towelette, wash or soap.
It takes the rust off the trailer hitch.
It gently cleans away wetness even odor without rinsing.
It takes red wine stains off the white carpet.
After all, a woman can never feel too clean and fresh.
I feel too fresh.
Heck, Krispy Kreme donuts aren't this fresh.
New Vagicill Cleansing Foam from Vagicill.
But you know what that sure sounds real good right now don't Krispy Kreme donuts?
Mmm.
946 and 560 WQM.
We got a regular lineup today.
Well, almost we got the mad dog at one hand cut three in the studio.
The big at seven because there's no Marlin game I guess.
What is your pounded Kansas City last night?
Didn't they? What was it Robert 13 to five?
He has no idea. He didn't pay attention that crap.
He don't get any K at 10 and Joe and Mark overnight 2 to 6.
In fact, before the show this morning Robert now talking about hockey.
He's about 15 minutes.
Hockey, hockey, hockey.
How do you like that?
I probably shouldn't say that then he'll get knocked off that morning show.
Now some of these factors man.
Oh Robert Parker and Barefooten did I mention that?
I don't know.
I'll pick it up.
It qualifies right that down immediately if not sooner.
Robert Parker and Barefooten.
Barefoot, we be Barefooten.
In fact, you know something I think of that song he says we be Barefooten.
Then he say that?
He does say that.
We be Barefooten.
I think he was one of the first people to be speaking bubonics on a all-time job.
Also, what was the other illiterate thing?
Romeo and what was it?
Caesar and the Romeo's?
What was that song I'm trying to think of?
I don't know.
Oh these oldies but goodies reminds me of you.
Who the hell did that?
Don't you remember that?
Yeah.
He talked about that.
These oldies but goodies reminds me of you.
Oh my god.
He's gonna remind me.
I have the time to get to the tunnelist.
Yeah.
Are we going?
Can we put it on today?
Fine.
What?
Monday and all-in?
I don't think they had any other heads today.
Easy peasy.
Yeah.
And by this season night.
That's one of my favorite songs by the way.
I like it a lot.
I already wrote it down.
In fact, that was Ben Alexander's favorite song.
Joe Friday on my mind.
I love the way some of these people faxed me.
Some of these imperious kind.
I mean, I appreciate your faxes very much.
We love them and etc.
But it's always like, I can't believe it.
And that's exactly what it says.
Geez.
I can't believe you missed Gogi Grant wayward wind about 1960 or so.
First of all, it was like 50, much earlier than 60.
Right in our time frame.
It never hurt from her against his Rick.
Well, Rick.
Suddenly, there's a valley by Gogi Grant was number 9 on the charts.
He had two hits.
So there you go, Mr. Smarty.
Pants, thank you very much.
But you're wrong.
Also, here's when it says two songs from the 80s.
Sorry, I don't know the name of the band.
Abracadabra, Steve Miller band.
Not a number one wonder.
And also, Angel is a center full.
J. Guiles band.
I wrote those on them.
Oh.
I wrote the commentary.
Both of those groups had multiple orgasms.
And multiple hits.
So I have no idea what they're talking about.
This one goes on a little right now.
I thought we already had it on there.
Not yet.
What?
Not yet.
Look at what we did.
I double-checked.
Great song.
A middly other smash.
Oh.
It's a cool part by the small faces.
And there's a bunch of other good stuff on this particular one.
There are good stuff on all of these.
But this is not a one-hit wonder.
The literature is British-invasion.
By 1963, I would say.
Needles and pins.
And somebody else who certainly wasn't small potatoes and had lots of hits that we never
hear his music for some reason.
Gene Pitney.
Yeah.
In fact, you know something.
Gene Pitney looked a little bit like Tom Walling now that I think of it.
At least in the shower.
I had to write to see that out.
But if we're honest from Tulsa.
And maybe this could be the best song of all time.
You know what?
Oh, great.
And it isn't just a bad week recording on this.
It was recorded this story.
You know that?
Now that I think about it.
Yes it was.
Yeah.
Just to stay on track.
It should be part of the last we wrote on the first day.
Right.
It was kind of.
I don't want to be active.
I think the only thing that I'm going to song back from being the best song of all time
was the twilight.
You're recording, probably.
Now that's on the outside.
Huh?
That's on Beyoncé.
Moody Blues and Go Now.
Boy outside it makes me want to go right now.
Oh, another really good group.
Tremolo.
In an even better group.
The Hollies.
Yeah.
I like the Hollies a lot.
Anybody don't like the Hollies that come in is.
I had the greatest pitch.
The old one over it.
You're being deported.
George too.
See the girl in Sima's other fingers answering through the door.
And then we got the animals.
We got out of this place.
And a bunch of there are some groups on here I never even heard of before.
And of course the very very amusing.
Herman's vermin.
He was screwing everything that was what I heard Peter knew.
Why they call it Peter?
Peter knew.
Who comes to start and feel it blind.
See there was so much great music.
The problem is that if you live in South Florida you'll never hear any of it.
That's the only problem is you got like your own great collection like we here.
Like the foundations.
Listen, they also have the doofy a buttercup.
Remember?
So they have a one-year wonder.
Now did we put tell Starron or what?
That was on the first list.
Okay.
Because it is on here but I want to play it again.
What about Alan Price?
Simon Smith and his amazing dancing beer.
Who?
Ha ha ha.
How about Celia Black?
Answering the music question.
It's Celia.
Celia.
I say Celia.
It's Celia Black.
And know that I love you.
Anyone who had a heart.
Yeah, you better put that on there.
Okay.
Celia, how you spell that?
C-I-L-L-A.
Celia.
Okay.
What's the name of the song?
Anyone who had a heart.
I just got to your scene.
I know.
Ready.
Anyone who had a heart.
Now also I've got these some of these pages from our one-hit wonder website.
And I took what I did was I took 1960 to 62 and I took 1990.
See what I'm saying?
So we have like a...
Because if we do it all from one decade then it like blocks out a bunch of old people out there.
Especially the punks.
I mean if you're like 25, wouldn't you say like when you're about 10 years old is when you start getting interested in music about?
Yeah, about 10.
So if you're 25 that means 15 years ago is when you started listening to music, popular music, and whatever.
And that makes you like 87.
Oh, you're laughing.
But of course they sure how old we're getting.
Old.
Really old.
Ancient.
Even Roberts getting up there.
Get a little long in the tooth.
But the fact is that if you start listening 87, I mean what do you know about the...
Yeah, I mean let's see listen to magic or stuff like that.
And nobody listens to magic.
That's what I'm hearing.
That's what Rich Shaw told me since we got that new PD man.
We're...
We're up Schmitt's Creek without a paddle.
Without a cap.
So let's see 1990 on this page, D-Light, and then again I don't know any of these songs.
D-Light, Groove is in the heart.
Yeah.
Good.
That was the one hit wonder.
I don't know about good.
It was a good dance song.
Good or not?
It was cute though.
That way you mumble but you waffle.
Here's a man who mumbles any waffles folks.
I don't want to say it's good.
I'll see you for breakfast in Maratha Waffle House.
It was fine.
D-Light.
That's with three E's by the way.
D-E-E, a dash, light, L-I-T-E.
Put it on there.
Do you like Groove is in the heart.
If you played it right now I wouldn't know it.
You'd know it if I played it.
It was all over the place.
Candy man, knocking boots.
Huh?
Olythe Adams, get here.
That was like a credit card commercial.
Not a good song, huh?
I'd never heard of it.
Perfect gentleman.
Ula-la, I can't get over you.
Don't know it.
Faith No More by Epic.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, Faith No More is the artist Epic is the song.
See, it could be the other way around.
It could be on Epic Records, which I'm sure wasn't.
Got it?
Got it.
Kuiper and Tic Tac Toe.
Never heard of it.
Kalloway, I want to be rich.
I remember Cab Kalloway shows you how well I am.
I'm ancient.
Not as old as Moe, but I'm ancient.
Kalloway, I want to be rich.
Never heard of it.
I remember him.
And was it good?
No, but it was catchy though.
Well, okay, catchy, if catchy qualifies,
because don't worry, be happy by Bobbie McFarron.
We did put that on there, right?
Yes, we did.
Okay, well, that certainly wasn't good, but it was catchy.
Same genre.
Yeah, okay, so what did I just say?
What was it, infant?
I forgot already.
Kalloway and I want to be rich.
How do you spell Kalloway?
Oh, with a K?
With a C, with a C as in C you next time, mister.
Biz Markey, just a friend.
I remember that one.
I remember it.
And?
Yeah, sure.
Okay, V-I-Z, Markey, M-A-R-K-I-E,
no relation to Markey, Mark.
What was Kalloway song?
I want to be rich.
Or maybe I want to be fat rich.
You got Biz Markey and just a friend?
Yep.
Okay.
Let me put a little line on my thing right there.
Well, this is, you know, when I first talked about doing this,
I thought to myself, this is a massive mammoth undertaking.
I mean, what hit wonders?
There have been like thousands of them.
And then I thought to myself, well, it's a summertime,
it's the doldrums, it's the dog days.
We can kill some good time with this.
Plus the audience likes it.
Oh!
At least most of them do.
And once they don't, to them, okay?
I got 50,000 stories I got to get to here today.
But, you know, let's interspersion with some good cramp.
Right?
Absolutely.
You know, I know I looked at it up because I have my yellow mark on my CD here.
But, boy, it seems to me, so a blackhead, some other hit, you know.
I could be wrong, but capital records, I'll look it up again.
Just to be sure, we want to be scientific on this one, baby.
We want to get it right.
It may not be good, but at least it'll be right.
Speaking of getting it right.
Yes.
Did we put this on there yet?
Couldn't get it right.
They didn't have any other hits in this good day.
What the hell was that?
My max blue band.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I like that.
I qualified, doesn't it?
Well, for now, I'm going to have to look it up.
Well, I can't think of any other hits.
No, yeah, they did.
I love you.
It was number 12.
Really?
So, guess what?
Guess what, Mr. Smarty pants?
Here's a place though that we know is great, and that's unmatched.
That's the Army to look half-way.
Well, I remember when they first started out back when I was on Zeta.
And they used to send over the crème brûlée.
Oh, God, I thought to myself, this is just like dying and going to heaven.
And all of the food they sent over was spectacular.
Well, the good news is, back in those days, they used to be in some little
bum-fork place over on TV Road Extension.
And from the outside, it looked like, you know, so a lot of people probably missed out
although they did extremely well and they became extraordinarily popular,
which is why for 14 years in a row, Armadillo Cafe has been listed as one of the top
of the most popular restaurants in all of Broward County.
And now they're in a great, even better new location that's on university driving
a pizza-loved plaza right beyond Pier 1 Imports where Sadie's befays used to be
between 595 and Griffin Road.
Right there on University in Davien.
Boy, the food is out of this world.
Try the appetizers likely to kill a grilled shrimp with corncakes or the
Temporar Island Princess Conk, only the best ingredients in all their goodies.
Then order one of their terrific spinach salads, if you like, would glazed pecans
with a pistachio-crested mozzarella salad with lemon-vazel dressing.
I'm not going to go back to the entrees that I can't pronounce.
But I will tell you about the pan-seered yellowtail snapper with roasted peppers
of the sea bass with sweet corn and a few glazed dozens and dozens of
mothwatering entrees. All kinds of neat, unique things on a menu.
And for dessert, the desserts will be a perfect ending to a phenomenal feast.
Try the Armadillo Crème Broulet, like I said, it's the best in the world
or the warm chocolate fritters covered in hot fudge.
Hopefully by this October, I'll have lost enough weight I can try that right on the
ear, okay? They'll bring it in.
Yeah, they will.
Warm chocolate fritters covered in hot fudge.
Doesn't that turn my, makes my insides warm in the fuzzy?
Call the Armadillo Cafe for Reservations 954-4239954.
That's 954-4239954.
It's smoke-free, by the way, with plenty of free parking and a couple of men of
reevalet parking too.
Tell me, Neil sent you by for the feast of a lifetime at the Armadillo Cafe.
Mr.
Yes, sir.
Mitchell and Marsha, overnight time sports radio 560-2-2-3am.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
Niva, Diana Ross checks herself into the promises, Rehabilitation Center in Malibu, California.
After admitting she was addicted to liquor and pain killers.
All right, group settled down.
Suggest how please.
Now, who would like to begin today?
How about you, Diana?
I am not Diana.
I am Miss Ross, and I ain't nobody's opening that.
Let that little white, choppy girl go.
Smells like wild turkey.
Now, Diana, let's just get control of our emotions.
I am Miss Ross, and who the hell are you?
A director?
You trying to direct Miss Ross?
I didn't listen to Alan Pacula.
I sure as hell ain't gonna listen to you.
I ain't no mountain high enough.
Diana, take a deep breath.
In and out.
We just need to get to the root of your problem.
You're my problem, funny little man.
And stop looking directly at me.
This is awful.
This is more painful than recording an endless love with Lionel Richie.
How long is this gonna take anyway?
I got my curl and I unplugged in back my room.
Yes, James, you have something to add?
I'm feeling a little intimidated by Diana.
Well, get a lie, little Mexican man.
You can slide him right behind Mary Wilson.
Go on now! He's on down!
He's on down the road!
10-03-560-WQ, I'm happy Thursday to you.
So here's all kinds of stuff coming in on the faxes.
Rico, Swave, by Gerardo.
Did I just play that the other day?
You played it the other day, but I don't think I ever made it on a list.
Good.
Well, I thought you liked Gerardo.
I do like Gerardo, but that don't mean you can sing.
I thought you thought he was Rico and Swave.
I liked Tab Hunter too, but that doesn't mean I'd put young love by Tab Hunter on there.
Well, he had some other hits and he couldn't sing for Cram.
A Brownsville station smoking in the boys' room, didn't we check that out or what?
I don't remember.
Ah! Ah!
God, I just put the book down too, because I got...
And it's interesting how many of these that come in,
and I look them up and a group had like 700 hits, you know what I mean?
Right.
Brownsville station also had Kings of the Party, so...
Sorry! Thanks for the try.
Here's a list that's like a mixed bag.
Some of them are right and some of them are wrong.
Listen on the list, I believe.
This is gonna be on Arlen's.
Got it?
Okay.
Double shot, swing in the day, and double shot of my baby's love.
Mark it down.
Welcome to Spawn and I head with the band.
Good song, by the way.
Another one, which is... We already had this.
But it's worth playing a little bit out there.
Ted Nugin and the Anboy Duke's.
How come this didn't get a lot of votes?
I don't know.
What's wrong with you, people out there?
I say it again.
A lot of you folks have got...
It's tasting your...
And it's worth it to be right over.
In fact, you know, for my money, this is right up here with the best of the moon.
And...
You don't like this?
I heard it too much.
I don't like that guitar.
It's sour.
Commonly step-commonly step-manly.
You are...
I like Ted.
You're a new to the center of your mind.
Now, this wasn't a one-hit wonder.
But I liked it.
You didn't select Terry Staths, I did.
And suspicion?
Yep.
And what about the babies every time I think of you?
I like it a lot.
I used to have to play that.
How about the chance?
The key doesn't matter.
Not a one-hit wonder though.
Oh, here's a one-hit wonder.
Mark it down.
One of my favorite songs of all times.
The few I am theme song.
The few I am theme song.
The few I am theme song.
Yeah, we send that up.
We dedicate that to Greg Reed today.
Got it lies by the Nicarbockers?
Okay.
How about...
This is the only one.
Moments live on a two-way street.
Not a one-hit wonder.
Here's one that is.
Get ready to mark it down.
Got it down.
Working too hard.
The scenes.
Push in too hard.
The pushing too hard.
The pushing on me.
The pushing too hard.
What you want is a theme.
See, it's good that we got all these discs.
Because now, and then vocal Brian's into stuff.
Because now you can write down stuff.
They're actually going to a chance to hear to refresh their memories.
Like...
Oh, hey listen.
I like it.
I'm embarrassed.
Back of the end.
Not enough.
Thomas Dolby.
Yeah, that's good.
As a daily sign.
Oh, surprise me.
It's a girl blinding me.
Hey.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm just wondering what science...
How about my future?
So, Brian, I got to wear shades.
Timbuk 3.
Timbuk 3.
Put that on her too.
Huh?
Okay, I give it about a one on scale of 6,000.
And certainly for all our disco fag, a friend.
Huh?
So you beat the...
Vicky Su Robinson, baby.
Turn your meat around.
Who's Su Robinson?
Vicky?
Vicky?
What?
Vicky Su Robinson.
Vicky Su Robinson.
Eric's best Thomas Dolby was not a one hit wonder.
So he better look it up.
I already looked it up.
I'm gonna beat around.
I hit when Eric starts playing Butch Boss up there in Orlando.
He's been isolated from civilization for so long.
Let's see.
Thomas Dolby, she blinded me with science.
That's it.
That was their only hit Mr. Hot Shot.
That's it.
Right in my Billboard book, Schmeckle.
Now here's the fact.
And here's one that's got one right and one wrong.
The right one, Mars, which you know there's like a thing.
Right.
Between each letter in it, M-A-R-R-S.
It's got like a slash in between each one.
Pump up the volume.
Got it.
Got it.
And then they got Snap.
I got the power.
And of course they had Oops up and the rhythm is a day.
So one out of two isn't bad.
Okay.
Even Thai Cobb didn't bat 500.
Here's another one that's got three out of six,
which is also 500.
Time all that being by the outsiders,
which I had that here somewhere.
Eventually we'll get to it if we feel like it or not.
No, but they had other hits.
Also the raspberries, and please go all the way,
which I love that song, and I like the raspberries,
but no, they had other hits.
I don't like Mondays by the Boomtown Rats.
They might have had another hit.
But they never made that and never made the top 40.
They didn't have any songs that made the top 40.
How do you like that?
Now here are the three for the list.
Chick-a-boom by Daddy Doodrop.
Got it?
That's with one of the two hyphons in it.
Chick-a-boom.
Daddy Doodrop.
One took over the line by Bruin Shipley.
I thought we already talked about that.
We talked about it.
I don't know if it ever made a list.
No, it did not.
One took over the line, Bruin Shipley.
And how could we have forgotten the cool jerk by the capitals?
Huh?
Could we?
That's OLS capitals.
So there you go.
Sturder and Shipley.
Yeah.
Like Carl Boor, you could play the best release.
Bruin Bond, Horton Stanley.
You know how that works.
And then see George got very upset when I played this this morning because he says it's not the original cut.
It's not.
This is not the original version.
Robert will verify it.
It was the first video ever played on MTV.
The bugles?
Yeah.
But the same.
The same.
The same.
You know what?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I already shimmed Candat.
You're so damn slow.
Trying to write these legibly.
Where did I get Bruin Shipley?
Oh, that was a fact.
That's a fact.
It's a fact that's sort of...
Cool jerk.
The capitals.
Yeah.
Get with it.
Oh, here's Ben Meshaping by the Five of Americans, which I do.
have that here but they had other hits you run my mind by the Wii 5 we already
had it we already had it on the thing yes yeah but we never played it though
how do you like that hello mona hello phoena by Alan Sherman get serious
that was already under and lost whoo this is some project man I'll tell you
right now can I at least get to like a little a bit of this little bit of
that in between all this music stuff for example from the CBS news website
John Ascroft minister of fear writes CBS news dot com's dick Meyer he says
who needs terrorists when we have John Ascroft to scare us out of our pants the
way the attorney general detonated the dirty bomber case this we completes
his metamorphosis from a common press hog to a genuine fear monger that
Ascroft insisted they had to scoop all the other terror warriors
mysterious Mueller wolfowitz and Thompson and make the announcement about Jose
Padilla aka Abdullah Al-Moha jeer in a panicky performance from Moscow shows
what a camera moth Ashcroft is that ascroft overstated the threat of the
Padilla plot and of dirty bombs as weapons of mass destruction shows with
egregious clarity how willing Ashcroft is to use scare tactics to grab headlines
control the news agenda and make himself look good in his Monday statement
ascroft said in apprehending Al-Moha jeer as he saw entry into the US we've
disrupted an unfolding terrorist plot to attack the United States by
exploding a radioactive dirty bomb by Monday night my colleague Jim Stewart
was reporting that FBI sources were backing off ascroft assertion that there
was a specific developed real plan to use a dirty bomb in the US by Tuesday
morning the deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz the administration's hardest
hardliner was telling CBS news that I don't think there was actually a plot
behind some fairly loose talk and Al-Moha jeers coming in here obviously to
plan for their deeds by Wednesday morning white house sources were telling USA
today that ascroft had been chastised for overplaying the Padilla plot on
Monday ascroft also said that a radioactive dirty bomb involves exploding a
conventional bomb that not only kills victims in the immediate vicinity but also
spreads radioactive material that's highly toxic to humans that can cause mass
death and injury in truth while dirty bombs are extremely dangerous it's an
exaggeration to say they'll cause mass death and injury the conventional
explosion that initiates a dirty bomb can cause death and destruction in the
immediate vicinity of the blast but the effects of the radiation that is spread
then are long-term and very uncertain perhaps the worst effect of a dirty bomb
are fear and panic ascroft at his part the crazy thing is that Al-Moha jeer
does seem to be an actual bad guy and al-Qaeda is actually interested in using
dirty bombs it unquestionably is a success that he was apprehended ascroft
didn't need to exaggerate the threatens cares more than necessary to get some
credit for that success this is a pattern with the attorney general in
october o ascroft presented over two general organs about impending acts of
terror in his october 29th warning he said the administration's concluded
based on information developed that there may be additional terrorist attacks
within the u.s. and against u.s. interest over the next week ascroft was gently
criticized then for scaring not calming in a way that didn't make a safer or
more prepared the same was true in April when he put another hastily arranged
road announcements this time in Pittsburgh to warn that banks in northeast
could be terror targets it's important to note that there is no specific
threat to any specific situation ascroft said we're not asking the banks to
close the urging people to stay away from banks so why bother to make the
announcement well it was a slow Friday made a good chance of leading all
three network news broadcast the administration's taking heat lately for
time in its news making the further its political agenda president push
proposed the new home on security cabinet agency just as congress was starting
its own connect the dots hearings and is the FBI whistleblower was preparing
to testify the hearings continue as the padea plot was unveiled minister
propaganda area fly sure hates to hear stuff like that look he said these very
few people want to make such an outlandish political accusation represent the
most cynical among the most partisan and they're not to be taken seriously go
ahead are a call some patriotic personally i think fly sure should be proud of
his teams agenda control prowess that kept the home and security agency announcement
a secret they timed into eclipse of negative stories and to give proposal more
momentum in congress that's called politics or governing or state craft
democrats and reporter shouldn't be shocked and a white house spinner shouldn't
write around on their high horse but scaring people's another matter and it's
turning the department of justice into the ministry of fear
rights the CBS news is dick myer
ten fourteen five sixty
wqm if you're afraid that your mattresses had it you're not going to good night
sleep in your wake up feeling like crap and your back is all sorts of a day
get yourself a great mattress because what a difference it makes in the way you
feel
when you call dollar mattress deliver right to your door when you want them to be
there
the best mattress that money can buy they got simmins and king coil c lee sir
to you've heard all these top names well they got them all they've got a deep
selection of each one to
so they never give you the old bait and switch and substitute with some off
brand or some actress that you really don't want and when you do business with
dollar mattress and call them at one eight hundred macris don't forget you pick
today in the to our window for your delivery
it's almost unheard of any day seven days a week when you tell them to be there
as opposed to
he just sit around on your ass all day and maybe we'll show up like most of the
other companies do you pick the time like noon to two on Tuesday or one to
three on Thursday whenever how you want and also they give you that thirty day
home comfort guarantee so you can test a new mattress the only smart way by
sleep and on and out with some sales hole standing over your shoulder so pick
up the phone right now just like I always do I guarantee they won't let you
down there was to pennies job for you in delivering and the putting together
one of the great mattresses you've ever put your ass on call dial a mattress toll
free it's one eight hundred macris one eight hundred MATTRES or check them out
of the web if you like it mattress dock
is the marlin's take on the tip of the table ready tomorrow
to reach the way at six three four three five six eight what is plate those retreat
how folks big p here from over big beers house at condoms that's right right now we
have a great sale going on so make sure you get in here and get your hands on
one of our great packages now if you're not sure what you need your won't have
don't worry about it we have some great sales associates down here big
Peter's house condoms so let one of our five ladies give you a hand doors open
at eight don't come to us soon but hey don't hold back because we are blowing
on a load of merchandise out the door over here at big Peter's house to condoms
now folks don't worry about slip or sales tactics and get my hard sell I'm big
beat and you have my word we're not dead jerk you around so slide on in here
to big Peter's house at condoms and grab yourself a handful we're located on highway
69 next to the happy cow greenery ten nineteen at five sixty eight WQM I'll tell you
the stuff the crap is pouring in now and speaking of crap this fact is costic
facts that you said yeah you do realize that this is from don't I sure do this
is the radio groupie factor I know Neil you're getting so lazy first of all just to
be spotted even though I'm rather a new spawn but it's just so I'm using the
amount of work I put in between check it every one of these things in his
goddamn book I said here with the four book of Brian this yesterday and spent
like an hour just checking and rechecking and making sure who's not a
nice I'm getting lazy right right taking these silly polls every day is no
excuse for a radio show why don't you talk on head take on heavy issues like
Sean Hannity and Bill O'Reilly right if I if I wanted silly I'd listen to the
monsters in midday and I do it yeah this is the radio he does nothing to that
because he faxes all day long about that that's all the factors is about is
about this radio show why don't you get a life asshole okay who signs it
Howard today and believe me you ain't no more Howard that's one is always
right about all the rumors about the twitchy channels gonna do this right here's
another costic asshole who writes hey you friggin goofball you missed all these
and this is a chronic factor by the way trying to be a smart ass all these great
number one hot to hit wonders for example he's got this one
who got a who got a who got a who got a who got a who got a who got a
first of all these great number one hit wonders uh-huh I thought oh I see well
at first of all we already looked that up before the show blue sweet hooked on a
feeling was not their only head hate to break the news to you sweet had another
head well they had something we already looked it up
Jesus do I have to do it again see what I mean the saying lazy this is a
get to be a pain in the ass now I'm about ready to drop it and the book to Archie
Blire blue sweet yeah never my love was number seven they
remember off the association just like they ripped off BJ Thomas he had some
other good ones on here but we'll get to him okay just put it back in your
pants mr. hot shot here's another facts in former and snow now they had other
hit just got paid Friday night it says not sure who the artist name was well the
artist was Johnny Kim who also had it called birthday suit so the answer
that is KLF 3 a.m. eternal yeah is that a big dance hit was it yeah sure was that's
the name of the group KLF KLF okay I remember KLM I've been on that here's Keith are
we ready that time by the way what KLF I'm looking it up okay I'm not putting
anything on there unless we look it up I'm being taken the lazy way up and not
talking about the heavy issues like Sean Hannity and what's in the bill or
Riley in fact how come you're not listening to bill or writing watch a
warmly radio up in the North can asshole he's on the light bulb and probably
answer being that he can't hear the light bulb because this guy's in Orlando
what am I looking for KLF KLF oh yeah well guess what what
the other name eternal and justified and ancient huh KLF featuring Tammy
Ynet reached number 11 on a chart so the answer is sorry sorry mister whoa
and now that I have this disc on here I guess it might as well add some of these
on your list since you've got this a role in so heavy duty okay I
played this I apologize to the audience for playing like even a few seconds of
this sorry yeah bye bye bye bye bye bye yeah get out of here seasons in the
sun by Terry jerk Terry Jax I should play a little bit of Jim Stafford you know
I like it huh what's wrong with Jim Stafford I love Jim Stafford he had that
TV show for five minutes he had a bunch of answers this one doesn't qualify
fighters and snakes but it's worth one way I don't remember when Mary Lou said
Moan Wow yeah Mary we want to see that trouser snake black hole Arkansas baby
I apologize for them re re doing that who did the original on Jim Dandy
don't know female recording artist it was on a black label I had to record I
guess I have to look it up huh see if this book weighed less than 400 pounds I
guess it's good exercise while you're looking that up I don't think we've
had this on a list yet are we gonna use this because I don't think they've had
a little firm baker that's who it was 1957 that was that a one-hit wonder I
don't know of any other hits that they had cherry fall cherry
we already put that on there we already put that on there and discussed you're
not keeping up mister we already put that on your discussed effect that it
wasn't whoever a bulk of Ryan said it was it wasn't who broke a Brian said it
was that the discussion we had but I don't think it made it to a list play that
funky music while cherry already been through this mister with number one for
three weeks so put it on list and quit the dickin' around okay get with it get
with it while we're listening to this
right there and your rock and roll hoochie cool get that on there got it now we
already had this one on the first list I believe David S6 and rock on had a
hold up to or three but I thought since it's on here might as well give it a shot
I guarantee a Bill or Riley won't be playing this today you can bet your life on
that you can take Bill or Riley and the lop with him okay you asshole up there
no matter if I wanted to take your radio and stick in your ass radio groupie
there's nothing in the world worse than radio groupies they make me cute rock on
David S6 excellent song this was not a one-hit wonder but why sure like it
George was like that I don't know you didn't seem to like this all of them
steamers wheel forget it already star I don't think I remember it
oh you better get your our sealers wheel straight now you true down the
way they sound like a bevels on the song a little bit I don't know the song you
don't know this song March 74 I know the 64 I wasn't born listen listen I just
remember stuck in the middle with you I would I'm not so I'm not they don't
qualify for that reason but if I would have said that was the Beatles people would
have bought it you know or something you know something I think that was the
Beatles I think it was the Hollies not the Hollies don't sound like the Beatles
the searchers sound a little bit like a Beatles lies yeah I mean the
Nicarbockers I'm sorry Nicarbockers and lies on a little bit like which is on
our list we're put together a damn heavy-duty list today mister I'll tell you
that Eric I didn't stay away from the margins again I'm sorry Eric will get
it straight now okay don't tell him short even though he gave me that bogus
one whatever what he give us this morning I looked it up and he was full of
crap I forgot yeah whatever was your full of crap Eric and of course we need
that much 1026 at 560 WQ way made this morning as a matter of fact speaking
of being full of crap I shocked George I just in fact you know something I
should have saved it for you to be a bit I'm seriously you to be
a bit more careful I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm
I'm I'm Ebarsatte
Dredal crying which crying which reach number five since I don't have you
I mean what were you talking about then on the same faxances can't remember the name of the song
Don't turn around ass-wad
And as soon as I saw ass-wad it made me think of George ass-wad
Sounds like the name of a porno movie. They're thinking of a dark base. Ace of base. Ace of base did don't turn around
No, oh don't turn around was the name of their song, but yeah, I
Thought they were thinking of something else. I thought they were thinking of a jerk commissar. I
Don't know but it doesn't make any sense to me and here's a good one. It's valid pop music by M
Yes 1979 so put that on there M in pop music
Boy, this is getting
There you go
Thank you better spell this white little spec
It was a daddy
Mote dades
Like
It's almost inspired me to play Louis McElvers before she would have it there
Eris to what's her name?
Mosedates towards well, I know it's not her name as a group obviously Mosedates. It's not a she
Jesus K and Christ man you think that a spick thing like that would be right up your alley wouldn't you think most of that is vocal group from Bill
Bawa Spain siblings Amaya is a scum and Roberto Amesaga with the Jose Yuri and Carlos
Reba and Javier something with 800 letters
They're from Espania. Oh, no, what do you don't know it? You don't know the real spicks
How about Gloria by Laura Brannigan?
What do you say? I don't know you'd have to look it up. I know how many we got here today. We just finished one page
Well, how so we got
She also if she had a whole bunch of his Laura Brannigan Jesus and Gloria Gainer now I didn't even have to look that up
I will survive Gloria Gainer must have had 80 trillion hits wouldn't you think I I don't know about 80 trillion she had plenty
I'll guarantee you that back in those disco days Gloria Gainer was a huge Gloria Gainer. I like I said you had two hits
I will survive number one for three weeks and never can say goodbye. How can you know that so again the answer is
Thanks for the try but not kind of weak
Okay, I guess that this yeah, I want to make sure I get all the ones from these discs
You follow what I'm saying of course and then of course the ones from the book Ryan thing did I I never even got to the one at
Okay, right after the buckles. No never got to that if you got the buckles on there
Yes video killer radio star. Well, what about
Walter Murphy
How about Larry Murphy?
How about Gordon Murphy?
What do you say? No
Couldn't complain about him. Edley of Gordon. Her briefs. It's because he never had any on that's bad
I
A fifth debate told me okay that takes care of that disc. Oh, this is this is just too much too much for any one man to have to undertake this
It's a gigantic undertaking
Okay, getting back to 1990
Two in a room and wiggle it did we discuss that we did not discuss it and I don't know if any other hits by them
No, no, it's it's oh it's up. It's not my one-hit wonder list. I'm just asking should it be it sucked. Okay, Jane child don't want to fall in love
Robert's nodding I don't know it nodding what yeah, I remember that song that was a huge one-hit wonder
Okay, Jane child that's with a D not like CHI LE like some Schwarzer talk Jane child don't want to fall in love
Got it got it
Shine head O'Connor nothing compares to you
Didn't we discuss that
Discuss what
No, I was just amazed that she only had one hit
I guess that was after she shaved her head that she kind of like and said all those true things about the Pope that
Everybody well. Okay, put that on her shine head SI NEAD
Senate shanado Conner nothing compares to that's the number two and letter U
We already did the divinals and I touched myself that was on yesterday Michael pen no myth
Is that his real name or is
You know that song nope
Alana miles and black velvet yeah big okay there you go. Alana you have spell that no
Two ends two else
A L L A N A H miles M I L E S A
Alana miles black velvet how about giant and I'll see you in my dreams
Don't know it okay mellow ace man mentorosa don't know it lightning seeds and pure
Don't know it faster pussy cat house of pain. Okay
Like it
Put it on there all right
Soho hippie chick yeah
Put it on there. That's all capital letters by the way as oh H oh soho hippie chick and lastly from 1990 you crew if you were mine
Don't know it. Don't know it. Okay, so that takes care of the uh that let me cross off that page
She's you know how many pages there must be a this and at the one website
100 about 45,000
So then we'll also take some from 60 and 62 now how many more can you put on there
Well, I have started another page so we can put another page full
Oh really really well, that's good because we haven't got any from 60 for the old parts like me because the 90s music
But there was no music in the 90s basically when you come right down to it except of course for 98 degrees. Oh sorry Robert
He gets
What about this rainy balls boy? No
No star
And nights oh
1976 silver and Wambam Shangalang
There's something good an intellectual left the bill or right a crowd can relate to uh Wambam Shangalang
U.S. holes
Got it silver about it
Um, oh and of course Georgia's favorite in fact Georgia definitely vote for this
Oh
David soul could he act all could he sing did he look really good? Oh no
But he had blonde hair
What show is he on David's soul?
Car ski and hutch oh
And didn't he die or have some horrible disease or something? No, um the other guy's wife died. Oh
Don't give up on us
I mentioned that kids a couple of hosts. You'll see they like David's soul especially the faggot's I'm gonna get a couple
Jeans on David Dundas
I'll see if they eat in center with the quarter of a young and done dance
Is that how you'd be singing?
Got it got it
Jeans and then of course
Could be the greatest song of all time if you ask me
Little bubblegum for you there
Alan
Who sounded like Donnie Osmond?
Oh when you hear it you'll say hey he sounds like Donnie Osmond. Hey listen to that
Honey a little bit
I don't know what it looked like I think he was ugly so we'll move on to the next one. Oh you got it
I would cover angel Alan one day. Here you go
Honey baby. I'm editing of his big one. Gonna fly now the theme from
Rocky
July 77
15 years ago yo
Huh?
Yo
Attributes stupidity. I tell you that's what's wrong with America right there is God damn sliced alone
And the people who like suck his ass and think he's like uh he is to what white people is to what like um
Who would be like to black people will Smith
20 till
Boy I couldn't come up with a better one if I tried
20 before 11 at 560 WQ and we got the mad dough
The angry puppy the hostile a hound coming up at one
Hank Goldberg in the studio between three and seven and then we got the big a lot of big stuff
Orlando Alzengeri who's a great guy knows nothing about sports. He'll be on from seven to ten
Then we got any K and the gambling show ten and two and the dirty boys doing mark overnight where they'll be safe between two and six
He's speaking to be in safe if you're fat and you're looking to go into a supermarket
You want to buy some stuff that you actually can eat
It's very difficult in your conventional supermarket because most of the stuff
There is loaded with calories and carbs and hidden sugars. Not kinds of crap
But that's why Delights a West book is such a refreshing change of pace for fat people because they carry thousands and thousands of products
I'll be on that weight loss program whatever it might be they got supplements vitamins
Diet books everything you need to lose the pounds that are killing you that are putting you into an early grave
Delights also carries the biggest selection of bakery products like pancake mix breads cookies cheesecakes brownies muffins and eclairs
They also carry low-carbon sugar free products like pasta sauces ketchup crackers candy champion like chocolate their famous carbon ice cream
They got some of the best pasta sauces in the world by the way that are delicious and very low in carbs
So head to the lights of west bokeh and try before you buy taste anything in the store for free before you make a purchase
And who want just charge the rest of it to PD Lenny you can call one eight seven seven low-carb or check out their website at lowcarb.com
Visit the store soon and stock up on all that good low-carb goody stuff at the northeast corner of glades and
441 and bokeh and please tell me that old Neil and PD Lenny sent you by
Delights of west bokeh most extraordinary store your
They play like men and they look like women
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good hard stiff look and to start them
She made us laugh as only a decrepit incontinent old person saying something suggested can
She was Claire a peller the old lady who said where's the beef
What I liked was it where's the beef could be about a hamburger patty
But it could also be about
A man's private parts
In tonight's archived interview Clara talks openly about the double untondra contained in the slogan
You know where's the beef could be something you'd say about a man's penis clearly
Clara was not unaware of how the phrase entered pot culture you could be talking about
His trouser snake yes
Clara peller was as feisty as her on-screen persona could be a reference to his rod
Is swinging weenie his lizard?
His nod you bishop
Yeah, okay, that's enough Clara
His little soldier is poor sword I can't see his white
Did I see
That's my favorite one
Clara peller we had hoped she would shadow the stereotype of the elderly as horny have seen
I'll not jobs, but well, what are you gonna do?
It's a big juicy
Shopping with look at show business tonight on inside the vine
1046 at 560 wqa and boy this is really
Estonishing what you just sent me Robert discovered the
Results of the vh1 survey on one hit wonders yes, and you thanks me the top hundred
So I'm gonna have to like revise I guess we'll have to put Rico suave by Gerrata on there because I didn't realize it was that popular
Okay, I'm not gonna give the results of this because then it like influences our result, but I'll keep all hang on of these
And we'll also have to add some of the ones that like the macarena. How come we talked about that?
I talked about it on it. I we didn't take it seriously
Well, we better start taking it seriously mister macarena by los del Rio you better get on there right now or else
Okay, got it now. Let's see
Got half a stage lot cool at the dogs out by the baham in mm-hmm
Huh? I think we must and that great music no
Okay
And what about oh
Yeah, was this is only hit
Yeah, I think you started looking at all those the kitty porn right after you recorded it
He had other songs and surprised they didn't make it to be hits let me look up here
Exit it okay because what's all this vh1?
That's probably slot
Just like vocal blind facts do you have to think about them as boys?
Of course had a whole bunch of hits beside hang on
Yeah, I didn't know I loved you well number 35 so guess what
Get it off
Kill it
Sorry
Now I saw that on this list. I peruse the real quick this top 100 so close to show they don't know they're asking from their elbow
We better we better look very
Carefully and cautiously at the thing from the a's might be using it a pretty chart
And yeah, there it is right that's a number 47 rock and roll part two by Gary glitter
And I'm gonna put like an asterisk next to it okay
Because they're full of crap, but it is interesting looking at the results of their thing how well because you were pooping the other day
Yeah, yeah, I don't believe it. I think yeah, well guess what they like it. Hey just goes to show you people like it
I didn't say I agree with it, but they like it okay
It's like you like me with your rarro can he sing one lick sometimes I feel
Got
Runaway
Get away
Big song soft to sell and to soft to love and tainted thing
Now here's list they say I just don't have the time to and I sure am I gonna stop the show and like starting
I'll put those aside and I'll research in this afternoon. I'll look them up into book
There's 80 million different ones on here, and I don't want to like because I got to get to my crap here man
Rick Darynger and his brother with him a quiz hang on sloping
Now has the distinction of being weird else producers is bokeh, but what does that mean?
The McCoy's hang on sluby was not there only hit so guess what bokeh
So thanks very much for your efforts and a lot of great stuff that you said
But I would say like about 60% of it was the not one hit wonders, but that's okay. Don't feel bad about it
And what's this other long list here that was sent wow
And didn't we already just just do Thomas Dolby and she blinded me with scientists and we do it. It's on our list. We just do it
But this is a good list though, and we just put on their low-stell Rio and the macarena. Then we just put that on yes
Terry jack seasons in the sun. Yep. Just put it on there in pop music. Just put it on there. Yeah
Oh Lou Vega, Mamba number five. Hey, how could we forget that? Oh Lou Vega
He was from hunger. I mean hungry or somewhere like that right
David sold and we just put don't give up on us baby. Just put it on there. We put it up the copying us
You better put Mamba number five on it. Okay
Aqua Barbie girl what I see that there's a problem with that yeah
They've got no problem. No, the problem is that they had lots of hits in Europe
And I don't know how many of them were released here in this country. I guess if I looked in the book, huh? Yeah
I just I don't want to take the time to do all this other stuff because it's not very simple
But she looks to it's what they didn't have a hit with that
Now they also had Lally pop here. No, I like Aqua. So you haven't seen the videos you'd like I saw it you didn't like that
And that shit. Okay, how about her bald headed friend of goofy. Yes guy. Okay here 60s now how much more you got time for now
I get to like doing a show
So we can put this list together. We get it up on the thing. How much more room you got 13 more lines
13 more lines folks maybe OG I'll be over
And he can help you with some of them like about 12 like a dozen 30 dozen get off my cook. Okay 60
Ivy three and yogi never heard of it. Do you ever hear that? Nope
Lolita sailor your name is the sea never heard of it. Nope. Ron holding on thunderbirds love you so
never heard of it
Here's one the fenderman meal skinner blues put that under the fenderman
Don't you remember the meal skinner blues? No, well, I do
Hollywood our girls alley you poop. Oh, we didn't have to have that gotta have that few novelty records on there
Can be made they like their novelty records look how good that the turning Japanese is that again
The Hollywood our guiles ARGY LES
Allie dash oop
Bob Lumen let's think about living. Let's think about loving the corny corny. That's uh, you know people like that remember that no
You remember Bob Lumen let's think about living. No. Oh my god. We're gonna put you back on a rubber raft if you don't watch it
I still have it
You got it on there
Billy bland let the little girl dance
Remember Billy bland. Nope
You
Don't remember that song let the little girl dance you got it right there in the studio somewhere
Here's one that definitely needs to be on air and uh, well that sour noted it rosey and the originals and angel baby
Holy Toledo as rickweaver would say if he weren't dead
Rosey and the originals and angel baby
Speaking of rickweaver will be interesting to see if Moe is any rickweaver, you know what? He's good. He's good at that
Not too good anything else, but he's good at that
He doesn't smell like uh, you know, he's funny though. He doesn't smell
All that cheap perfume
Larry Hall and sandy. I'm a radion and sandy. I mean, do you remember Larry Hall? No, I don't either
Here's definitely here's my vote
Curtis Lee pretty little angel eyes. How many times have I talked about that and you know, I'm not sure that's right
Look it up while you're looking it up. What was it after Hollywood? Our giles?
I never heard of before Bob Lumen. Let's think about living. No wonder
I
What about Billy bland? What about him? You got it. I do know. Let the little little girl dance
Do you ask me about ones that are like four back you bet you better uh, I'm behind
Yeah, that's obvious
Let's see Curtis Lee I'd love to put that on there, but I'm not really positive that he didn't have any other hit pretty little angel on that to me
That's the greatest record I was ever made
Kurt I was it very good. Well, I guess it should be if it's on this list. This is the website
That was the land. Did you get hurt?
Lee little how about rosy and originals and angel baby got it
Curtis Lee pretty little angel eyes
Got it was Clifford baby sitting buggy never heard of it. Nope. Five more Mexico. That's that sucks
Kokomo Asia Minor
Yeah, get that on there. Kokomo Asia Minor
Which one's wrong? Huh
Kokomo is the group
Asia Minor is the song and we're not putting the beach boys in Kokomo on her. They may have had wanted to other slightly better hits
Trosh on Dell and this time
And I remember this time I Trosh on Dell
Yes, we put it on there put that of course I suppose on Dell
eighth sh-o-n-d-e-l
very man with two ends who put the bump in the bump bump bump
Absolutely who who wrote that who did very man he did write it any song it so you should like him very man and a nn
The jar mel's a little bit of soap
Nick Lawrence's favorite song
Are we putting that on there? Yeah, of course
The contours do you love me? Oh gee now we're getting some reading good stuff. I spelled jar mel's
J-A-R-M-E-L-S rhymes with smells so they could probably use a little bit of soap
The contours do you love me? Everybody remembers that the one I had that great stop there in the middle
You know what I used to do when I was a district or key and back then we were playing records of course
And you'd reach over and of course you hope you didn't like not the needle off
But you'd reach over and you'd like grab a hold of the record you know why you were playing it
That long pause and so it was like about a one and a half second pause you'd make it in like a ten second pause
Oh, I love doing that
Larry Finnegan and dear one I don't remember that
Joe Henderson snappy old fingers
Hey, no
Johnny joney summers john to get angry put that on there joney a medley of her smite how much do you mean got left one one more
And one more bruise Chanel and hey baby
Ever hey baby. Nope. Yes, you do. Yes, you do
Just playing hard to get okay. That's it and I just know what the fear of ch a nl
As in channel three and then I got these other ones. I have to check out
Thank you very much now we can get back to a nila does important stuff to make that one asshole happy
Wow, yeah, that's the lazy way out you schmuck god. I'll might I feel like I just ran 25 miles with that one star
Should probably play a war to make that one guy happy
This audience likes it soft and they like it tainted they like soft-style and tainted love did
Number one by a million miles on the first one we did on whatever day was Tuesday
Hey, let's we're only gonna do this another one six seven months
six seven years
We'll do it as long as there's still good stuff out there that's the barometer. We'll do it as long as Roberts enjoying it
He likes it because you don't have to take any calls
Oh, of course, you know, we might take some calls having bond with some of those people are calling the morning show like
It's just as well. I think they told us the phones aren't working right now
I got all my dots
So do I
But the phone isn't working. I think they're working on it
Uh-huh, so even if we wanted to take phone calls we could not that's I want to but I just mentioned it in passing
In fact, you know something folks we really wanted to put you folks on a year today and take a lot of calls
But we decided not to because the phone screwed up you believe it no you're right
1056 at 560 wqm when you shop for quality footwear
Two very important things you're looking for our good selection and professional service you want to get taken care of
But everybody's looking for price they want excellent quality and are nonbeatable price
That's why so many people buy their shoes at Brandys where you'll find the world's largest selection of men's and women's shoes
The best service in town and the best prices in the universe top quality names were not taught we're talking about not some off brands
That you never heard of we're talking about the best brands in the shoe business like rock ports S.A.S
Spirit timberland naturalizer and lots more and whether humongous selection you know no matter how big or small
Even if you got gigantic size 13 or 14 feet like Tom Welling they can still fit you up
They'll stick it on there in the shoe too
And Brandys is open daily nine to line Sundays 10 to five you'll find them at 1290 north federal highway and pop it
Obit so if you want a phenomenal selection all the top names in the issue business and unbeatable prices every day
This is the place for you and don't forget all this week at Brandys men's and women's rock port pro walkers only 5290 this week only
You're lacking that banana man you can count on that
We days in one on sports radio 560
QAM
Hey, it's how it how it David coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good hard stiff look and to start them their success well
That like pus inside a pimple then burst like the pop zip they really were sending a blast of oily bodily fluids
Smacking against the mirror of short-term fame they were the fix
Oh
Well, we couldn't have known how right we were when we came out with one thing leads to another the fixed lead vocalist side curtain explains the love cause and effect
Oh, yeah, a big hit song, but we made a lot of money. We got laid a lot and then we put another record
It's tight
We were broke couldn't get laid to save our lives realize we've gotten down a rear from getting laid before
We took jobs and convenience stalls started drinking
Through up. I mean through up a lot
When in the rehab realized we had to do something got back together and now we're okay playing one thing leads to another at
County fairs for all the losers who like this back in the 80s
The fix if you must do what they did at least try and incorporate the getting laid part
It's a big juicy stopping with looking show business tonight on inside the behind
But oh to a 560 Qamino the interesting thing about that is I did bother looking them up in a book to fix
Yes, and they had one two three four five other hits not as big as one thing leads to another which means number four was on for 13 weeks
They had saved by zero the sign of fire. Are we ourselves?
Secret separation and how much is enough? How do you like that? Huh red skies are standard fall. We're not hits
No, they were great. I just gave it a list. Okay, so don't have to argue
Here's some bad news for the artsy Farty crowd by the way designer Bill blast dies at 79
Bill blasts who dressed the likes of Nancy Reagan and Barbara Walters while shattering the
Paracentric fashion world with youthful creations that mixed in match chic and casual has died
Blast died yesterday at his home in Washington, Connecticut, according to Joe Lillus of the littlest funeral home in New
Millford con a friend of the designer Helena Hagen said blast out of cancer he was 79
It's a great loss. He was an extraordinary man and a great designer said Fern Malice the director of the seventh on on six a fashion organization
Which produces New York's fashion week
Blast's sense of line color and style took him from a sketchers desk to the helm of his own
$700 million dollar rear company in a career that spanned six decades and came to define American style
Then you know when you think of American style, don't you think of Bill blast all the time I do
Not
He designed clothes for a host of famous women including first ladies and actresses who paid from eight hundred bucks for a sweater
Two thousands of dollars for an evening gown
Blessed he designed for the woman not obsessed with fashion who cares about clothes but has a career family home and other interest
I love this clothes because they're comfortable wearable and pretty Reagan the former first lady once said how come she never wore any then
Vid show has had that same stupid little red dress on that bitch
Just say no tenancy Reagan, okay
She comes up to your ankle by the way Nancy. Yes during his career blast expanded to a design menswear swimwear children's clothing shoes
jewelry and fur is denied designs were known for crisp elegance and simplicity made from beautiful fabrics with sophisticated style
Each individual pieces calculated
Attempt to entice women to enter their wardrobe the designer told the AP in 1997 the woman
I know have a great have a great deal of money. I'll go out all the time more clothes that are two three years old
They buy new things to add to what they have
Last who never married
Uh-huh one woman over with his designs in his charm. He'd been listed as one of the best dressed men in the country
New York fashion guru Nan Kempner once said I fell in love with him like every woman
He was warm friendly and tell jit and tell him that he was good looking. Oh, by the way speaking of that
I told you on biography channel the other night
I saw the story of what's his name that faggot um named that faggot from
Montgomery Cliff, okay
And guess who was always trying to fix him up with dates not with women but with men and this goes back into the early 50s
Liz Taylor, huh?
So she's been a fag hag for uh
Kunz age man as long as we can turn back the clock. She's been fixing up fags
All is Taylor
I bet you she even picked a fixed up Michael Jackson with bubbles wouldn't surprise me
This is a great story somebody just facts them before I get to my 45,000 pages of Catholic Church stuff that that I guess
Guess where CNN is doing all their stuff today
The dirty bishop conference Dallas dirty bishop conference right
When I first looked at that thing on the you know they got the big blurb on the screen there to get you or you get your attention
I thought it's a church sex club
And it is it says church sex crisis, but at first blush it looked like church sex club and I thought yeah, Al's right
Detroit a Taiwanese man who claims to have castrated about 50 people and was caught over the weekend with human
Testicles in the refrigerator of his suburban Detroit home may not have committed any crime police say yesterday
I think most people have you know at least a separate set of testicles in their refrigerator. Don't they?
It's always good to keep extra. Always going to have a spare pair
Lieutenant Bruce Smith of the Oak Park Police Department said the 29-year-old man was arrested early Saturday after he
surgically removed the testicles of a Michigan man who was later rushed to the local hospital with severe bleeding. What a surprise
It would be doctor was really shortly afterwards however because his patient it has to be castrated
It was a consulting adult Smith says we're waiting for a determination from the prosecutor's office as to what if any charges
I'll be made Smith said authority said they had no clues into the motivation behind the operations however many of those seeking
Castration do so to satisfy a sexual fetish a
credited doctors are unlikely to perform such an operation preferring instead to words the patient to seek counseling rather than
mutilation
Smith said the Taiwanese man entered the US on a student visa and claimed to have performed about 50 castrations in the US and his previous home in Australia
His latest patient a 48-year-old man from the upscale Detroit several of Birmingham went under the knife on his kitchen table
After the operation the two men shared a pie
But when the Birmingham man started laughing in order to see was bleeding and emergency medics were called they were having pie said Smith
Referring to a post operative dessert the two men have been cheering before the medics arrived at the scene. They were having like a little hair pie
The testicles found in the man's refrigerator allegedly belonged to a Canadian man who'd been operated on a few days earlier in the back of a van
Smith said he had a the Birmingham man apparently contacted the
Unlicensed surgeons who want to release two sites on the internet promoting voluntary castration
There's a group of people out there that are interested in this and having it done and have it done and talk about it
Smith said of the websites. It's an unusual case. Let me say that said Smith
It's the first I ever heard of anything like that or anybody around here. It's ever heard of it
How do you like that? Back from Birmingham mission. It gets his nuts cut off
I
Am refrigerated of course
Chilling yeah always good to keep him on ice. That's what John Wayne Bobbitt probably is thinking if she would have just put him on ice
Grand jury probes 24 abuse allegations
St. Louis
Grand jury is investigating allegations of sexual abuse against 24 Catholic priests is part of a probe that began with the arrest of a defrock clergyman and marcher prosecutor said
The state panel's been unable to pursue complaints against another priest
Some of them who have died circuit attorney Jennifer Joyce. I've yesterday
Joyce declined to release any information about the 24 priests including if they're serving an active ministry
She said most of the cases happened so long ago the grand jury is facing a cold evidentiary trial
A trail rather and legal issues with the statute of limitations
They are just allegations joy said there were no charges whether or not they pan into out into charges or indictments remains to be seen
The St. Louis Post dispatch first reported the news on its website yesterday in a statement
The Archdiocese of St. Louis said that to its knowledge none of the allegations have been substantiated
In other developments three brothers allegedly abused by a Mississippi priest filed a 39 million dollar lawsuit naming the clergyman and the diocese of Jackson
Including Bishop William Hauke and former Vickard General Bernard Law
Oh, yeah, I think we had that yesterday. No way. Yes
The brothers claim the abuse continued after the allegations were reported to law now cardinal the Archdiocese of Boston
Where a national scandal and gaffing the church emerged early of this year
In Detroit prosecutors sent statute of limitations on the factors of prevent authorities from charging 11 priests in the Archdiocese of Detroit accused of abuse
Three of the priest have died said Oakland County prosecutor David Goreceka and another case the alleged victim declined to cooperate
A grand jury issued subpoenas to the Archdiocese of Los Angeles ordering church officials to turn over the personnel records of three priests under investigation for led sex abuse
This attorney Steve Cooley turned to the grand jury after Archdiocese lawyer
Refused to release the documents on the reverence Michael Stephen Baker Michael Wempe and David Grandadino
Three women calling themselves the friends of Wichland
I'm trying to raise money to repay part of a former Milwaukee Archbishop Rembert Wichland's
$450,000 settlement with the man who accused him of sexual assault the group nailed out nearly 300 letters to their friends since forming the group Friday
Each asked for a thousand dollars, but the group will accept any amount like eight or nine cent
So that gets you up to date and of course they're holding their meeting Dallas as we speak other defenseless ones in American society
They are saying this of the priest and women religious and lay ministers who built vast expanses of the social service infrastructure of this nation and contributed to some of its most gloriously
Oh brother look at all those getchies there man. Are you on CNN?
No hop on it right away on channel 54 there on your cable hop on 54 man. What a bunch of getchies
I don't think even Bill Blast ever saw so many guys in a dress in the same place
Rest in peace
10 past 11 at 560 wqway and you've heard me talking about a big one speaking of the a priest convention there
How about having a big one for yourself?
That's right and just for sure at months you can have a big impressive paycheck if you're not learning a crap if you're making like
Roberts making about two bucks an hour
Get yourself a job where you can start making some real cash the demand for certified computer professionals is through the roof
Pick up the phone and call the folks at fast train tool three eight six six fast train because summer classes are forming right now as I speak
And if you call now you can be certified in a brand new career before summer be over fast train offers
Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations including that brand new campus. We've been telling you about in Kendall
job placement assistance day and evening classes too and for those individuals whose job was affected after 9-11 fast trains and operation paycheck training provider
Call fast train at this toll free number one eight six six fast train or check them out on their website at fastrain.com
And like I keep telling you they can have you certified and ready to start making some serious money in a brand new career
Has soon as in four months from right now so call them today. You have nothing to lose but that crappy. I know money job
Call one eight six six fast train and be sure
You don't miss
Hey
All right
Oh
That's a guy
What's with him anyway
He's a we're looking dude that looks like a retarded Michael jane
Even know that shag is a big dude
When he runs up and down the court. Hey looks like a buffoon
He says he's an athlete a rapper and after a poet
Yeah, that's what he thinks
But he's just a goof that plays to hope with that jackass Kobe
And every time I turn on my tv set
At my place
I see the shag he's got that dope be look on his face that's that guy
I can't help but laugh at him
Every time that dummy makes a rap city no one buys it
And if his eyes were any closer on his dumb ass face
He'd look like a down syndrome kid that dribbles the ball
with one
I
Love is 16 at 560 I think there are some states in the union that artists big as shags head make no mistake about that
Now the interesting thing about this goddy business. Yes, unlike the barzini business
Uh, well, I'll get to that in a second
Newsday reports my boss goddy denied funeral mass notorious mob boss John goddy will be interned in a Roman Catholic cemetery
Alongside his son but his family was denied permission to hold a funeral mass for the convicted killer
goddy responsible for least five murders during his bloody reign atop the Gambino crime family
Well, not receive a massive Christian burial the Reverend Andrew of a curry chancellor that ISIS have broken said yesterday
Instead of a curry said in a one-sentent statement there can be a mass for the dead sometime after the burial of John goddy
goddy died of cancer Monday to prison hospital in Missouri had been sentenced to life in 1992
The decision on the mass echo the ruling made by church officials after the goddy ordered murderer of his
Gambino predecessor big Paul Castellano in 1985
Castellano's family received permission for a private mass after his burial but was denied a funeral mass within the body of the church
With the body in the trial. You like that. In other words, they don't want his body inside the church
Maybe out on the step on the stoop
But unlike goddy Castellano was also denied burial in Catholic cemetery because of his life of crime
Goddy's remains removed from the Missouri prison on Tuesday for their eventual return to New York and his family
Which has been splitted by federal prosecution
two of his brothers his son and ex-Son-in-law were jailed at the time of his death another brother and an nephew were under indictment
Goddy will end up in the family mausoleum that holds his son Frank who died in 1980 at age 12
When he was accidentally struck by neighbor's car members neighbor that we talked about that got murdered. Yes, mysteriously John Favara
The mausoleums inside St John Cemetery in Queens were an assortment of mafia figures found their final resting spots
Those buried at St John's include Carlo Gambino, Carmine Galante, Vito Genevese and Charles Lucky Luciano and of course
Don Vito Cualione
When's this announcement did not say why goddy was deemed qualified to be buried in the Catholic cemetery and in addition to Castellano and goddy the church is denied a funeral master
Other mobsters Galanian goddy under boss Frank the Tico
An issue as a church precept called scandal the idea that by granting a funeral master someone who lived outside church teachings
The wrong message would be sent to the church faithful. Oh my god
Thank you
That's the a conference in Dallas by the way that's going on right now, but I guess I guess you must be listening to the show in one of your piece
It is well. It's just bad timing from the die right now. Okay, because the world is watching real close
The denial is not a judgment on the deceased lifestyle since the church believes that only God can make that determination
So that's the excuse for taking his money
But when I started to say before I read that was
In reading all of the New York papers except the times of course, which is too stodd I didn't read anything about goddy in the times
But the post and news day and daily news
Every columnist and most of the stories were like they they liked him
Right does that surprise you because he was a snappy dresser
Ha ha ha ha ha
I bet you build blast that's probably why Bill just finally gave up you know
gave up the battle
Maybe his best customer just died
In Howard this is by Steve Dunlavy and yesterday's the New York Post on it's just amazing to me
He says in Howard Beech the colors of red white and blue of the best flag in the world is revered as much as motherhood
Under that flag stood 14-year-olds Brian Sacco and Mike Fauci clutching a $15 spray of flowers
The boys students at ms-202 left a simple note in the flowers sorry for your loss
Sorry, mister
Of course, this was on a corner of
85th Street and Howard Beach where the boys were going to drop off the respects to the goddy family
Brian no, I never saw him my grandmother once pointed out his son John to me
All I hear is that mr. Goddy kept crime down out of the mouths of babes
They brought their offerings to the berget hunt and fish club these supreme court of goddy's rulings
Richie goddy john's brother came to the door at 150 pm and was extremely polite and was proud that this neighborhood was so patriotic
His older brother pita former sanitation worker wouldn't I couldn't talk to me because he's in the slam
Outside the club again those wonderful flags of the west sent by well-wishers
But Carmine Romeo said something that struck me with stunning irony
There's no better flag than that, but who works behind the cover of that flag he said
The same people who believed known felons like salvatore grovano
These people behind this great flag promoted grovano and did this to john goddy
Now before you think I start thinking on my website call johngoddy sympathy.car.com forget about it
Goddy had a new time because the bureaucrats who hide behind that flag said so if I were a judge and thankfully
I'm not I would have given john some jail time
But locked in a tomb for life and to let him die like a dog where he's giving more scotel with his fingers
To the arms of his loved ones to say to uh he knows who's talking to him
This is a disgrace
Guards taking written notes from goddy to say to his wife. He loves her. This is a disgrace
Those people who hide behind that flag is that justice for which we love that flag as Carmine Romeo
Romeo had pasted a dollar bill to the door of the hunt and fish club
And he said the dollar represents how generous he was
I left change underneath that that represented the poor people he helped out
When a woman was burned out of her apartment he got a renew and paid for redecoration and rent
John goddy stern generous was bigger than new york bigger than Hollywood bigger than any one of us he said
Now while I think car mines going overboard
What the hell would we all be doing if it wasn't for the john goddies of the world
We'd have newspapers that focused on the stepward a stepford wives
What would then the nero and patina and capola and scorsese you go to do
We're fascinated by these good fellows although they may be bad fellows
I asked richy. What's the best memory of john goddy?
I was lucky enough to be his brother. He said richy old son your brother was a wise guy, but I'll miss him too
Right Steve don't leave you in the near post. They're just amazing to me. Yep
We like we like them officers man
We like them we're obsessed with them. I don't care what anybody says. Yeah
That's right. We weren't happy when sonny got it on the causeway
Kill what most says with his bad hair piece, you know
We didn't like that. Oh, yeah, that's right. We like it quality only family because they were family
Right
Right
Mama quality only made a hell of a pasta
And flamens are made a hell of a sauce first you got to throw in your sausages and the sausage your meatballs with a wine your sugar cut the crap
Yeah, I like that when centinos is cut the crap
He's throwing the sauce. Hey listen flamens. I couldn't keep all that weight on without being a good Italian cook you know that right
And of course you got to you got us bulk up a little bit because you'd have no long
idea how long you're gonna have to go to the mattresses
Huh, I guess you can always get take-out from Louis and Abrams
More on that story we've been talking about in taunt and mass, you know, they used to have a dog track in taunt and mass
I wonder if they still do I bet you the beast would know
A stone-coiled adult burrow cult leader admitted yesterday that he intentionally started to sunda death over an excruciating 51 days in 1999
Till fulfill a twisted religious vision that he now says was wrong
This is the latest on the story about the assholes that starved the kid to death
It was a product of a lot of mistakes and misunderstandings between my wife and I Jacques Robodo said of his reason for sticking to the
Vizar prophecy that led him to sit idly by as his unsamual side slowly of malnutrition
Where in past court appearances Robodo has been defined an arrogant sprouting anti-government propaganda and declaring sovereignty
Yesterday he was contrite and humble he choked back tears during three hours of testimony and taunt and superior court during which he accepted full responsibility
For his 11 month old son's heinous death
Remember those cookies heinous heinous
Hmm the buck stops with me
He answered flatly when asked by prosecutor Walter Schaeff anybody else in the cult forced him to stop feeding his son
Robodo a 29-year-old graduate of north adlabor a high school explained that his wife Karen was distraught by their sons weight loss
And wanted to feed the boy but it convinced her to adhere to the deadly plan because the group thought they were following God's orders
Kind of sounds like our friend there in Texas. What else are named a killer five kids?
Um, yeah, that's what they forget. Yeah, that's right
What's her name?
Yeah, I'm Robert and Ray-A-T. Thank you Robert and her husband was the nutcase
With that religious crap and talking to living living in the trailer and all this other crap
God are involved in that friend of yours there. What that was his name? Mike Warnicki
Mike Warnicki Warnicki whatever the hell his name was
My reaction to it was that in order for me to be a good father and a good husband
It was my time to be strong in a situation and to follow through on whatever it is that God was giving us at that time
He testified in chili in chili
The trailer we call how the boy went from being a healthy and chubby baby learning to walk to any mobile waif
Whose boni appearance sick in his own mother
He began losing weight Robodo said his face became thinner his cry wasn't a normal baby's cry was more like
like that
Yeah
Didn't have the energy to cry
Before Samuel's aunt
Michelle Mingo handed down the bizarre vision from God the toddler had been eating crackers Cheerios
Yogurt and apple sauce in addition to being breastfed quoting scripture Mingo 37 told the sect in March
199 that God was upset with Karen Robodo's vanity and wanted to put her on a high protein high fat diet
What have I always told you the religious people are the crazy people absolutely
Oh
God was upset
With her vanity and wanted to put her on a high protein high fat diet
Maybe God's been in touch with Bob Akkins, you know
The vision also called for her to drink a gallon of almond milk every day and to feed Samuel
Only breast milk, but because she was pregnant
She couldn't produce enough milk to nourish the boy
He ground his teeth Robodo recalled of his son's final days toward the end
He would often bite down on Karen's nipple at times his eyes would roll back into his head
His skin on his chest changed to a dark color of again getting a white chalky substance in his diaper. Oh
Sick sick like I said the more religious they are the sicker they are
Take your religion and shove it take all your goddamn hocus pocus and your uh
Bubba myses and stick them over to Mundo and shine
But leave her all the rest of us alone and anybody's religious nut so our brother reproducing like that
They should have those kids taken away at birth, you know what right away
1126 at 560, you know some oleomy could not have heard of me
I'm probably wouldn't have saved them but couldn't hurt
And in soft Florida where it's either raining cats and dogs or it's 175 degrees or both
Oleomedicine product that'll make you feel your best and help keep you in good health in spite of the environmental dangers
Oleomedicine soft gel capsule that contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with some lot of other good stuff
They got vitamins in there and minerals and herbals to promote health for all different parts of your body
They have one product that helps your prostate one specifically for your heart
One for your blood pressure and your cholesterol
Oleomedicine has supplements to promote health in your circulatory system
You digest your endocrine system your skin and bones even your mind all using the benefits of the best olive oil under the sun
And Oleomedicine has products for men and for ladies out there real and imaginary as well
Oleomedicine available all over town picks them up today and start popping it
It's at Walgreens Whole Food markets Navarro Pharmacy in Sedanos as well
Or you can call us number toll free and I answer all your questions about what it does and how it works and where to stick it
Call Oleomedicine 1-866-Oleomed that's 1-866-O-L-E-O-M-E-D
And you can order their products right on their website if you like at oleomedamerica.com
What's just happened there? I give up what just happened. Want me to hit it? No
No, but I'm curious what just happened here. Oh
You know what what during look at that
You aim
Lick it and stick it
Once upon a time there was a charming young bachelor man
And of course be with you searching for the woman of his dreams
Me, baby a little Jedi love you need
And 25 women trying to prove they're the one
Yoda, you're so cute and furry
Thank you. When one man is involved with more than one woman there's found to be trouble
You've been chocked at least on the same speed scene
Fight before eyes. Who will we choose? All of my 12 breaths are real
Find out on all of them, I want to bachelor
Okay, let the pretty two at 5.60 QM. Here's a fact. Could you please tell us if Geohad Rock is on Bokobryon CD
No, because it's not a Bokobryon bit. It's a Bruce Yehrock
And now that I'm thinking about it now we didn't do anything with that last year did we? No
Don't you think that when we do the best of this fall or we should put some of that stuff on her especially that one?
Sounds like a great idea
Bruce would be delighted to have us put it on her I think maybe and maybe now we'll find out
Can't cost anything to ask now. I'm looking at Eric's basically got the thing up there
It says which of these one-hit wonders was the best and I'm looking at it and he's got like one where it's got
Question marks you see that one right that's because I forgot to indent and he loses things
At ice to is by Mossadade's moce d-a-d-e-s
Moce d-e-d
What is it? Mossadade d-a-d-e-s
One more time
That's enough Mossadade's at a stew
I'll play it again if you want. No, okay
Well, you know quite an undertaking speaking of undertaking that was a bad lead into this story
So the pull will be up there momentarily. I think we got a pretty good list today
You know I like it and it covers a lot of territory from the early 60s is Danny Gallagher would say a lot of territory
Yeah last night I was watching a little bit of the aliefs and the red wings from what time you was at 70
Leaves one at game nine to three by the way
Oh, nine to four something like that
I would build you with and Danny Gallagher and the Canadians and leaves from a million years ago
Anybody care about that? No, no because no, and guess what so Robert tells me this morning the Robert's failure retired officially now. Is that correct?
Yeah
So does that really make a difference now?
They did is do you have no hockey team anymore down there? You got Steve Weiss and Roberto L'Oongo and you got Roberto L'Oongo and Steve Weiss
That's about it
More goings-
by the monkeys
Close enough
Founder we couldn't stick it into the Atlantic Ocean okay in the puck either
More bones found as Levy investigation continues
A grand jury invested this is from USA today
A grand jury investigating Sean Relivi's homicide and whether representative Gary
Condit obstructed justice in the case has heard from the congressman's top aid police also have found more of Levy's bones
Mike Lynch condits California based chief of staff answered questions fried in front of a district of Columbia Superior Court
Grand jury Beth Wilkerson lends his lawyer said yesterday
He cooperated fully with the investigators and prosecutors and answered all questions in a candid and forthright manner Wilkins himself
Lynch last year publicly denied Condit and Levy were having an affair a month later
Condit told investigators that he and Levy were romantically involved according to police sources
So does he have any credibility this guy? No
No
The grand jury earlier this year subpoenaed Condit to testify however
It's unclear whether the California Democrat ever did last fall the grand jury subpoenaed documents from Condit's office including
Telephone message slips and calendars federal law enforcement officials have said they're examining whether Condit and his aids asked other women
Who alleged they had affairs with the congressman not to cooperate with police
Condit and his aids have denied attempting to silence anyone right and Marie Smith a flight attendant
alleged that she and Condit had a 10-month affair that Condit sought to dissuade her from talking to
Investigators in the Levy case Smith also was said Condit is an intermediary. He's tried to get a design of false
Have it David denying that they ever had an affair
Condit is not denied an affair with Smith
But as said he never asked her to sign anything that was fraudulent
meantime
Well, of course he's gonna admit to that because that's like a major crime right? That's a felony right
Mean time police searching the area of Washington's Rock Creek Park where Levy's remains were discovered last month if found more bones
Oi
The medical examiner told us that two small bones no more than two inches long are consistent with other bones in Levy's foot
Said Sergeant Joe Gentile police spokeswoman the spokesman the abodies and the bones were found on Monday
A foot long bone found Tuesdays being analyzed by the medical examiner dr. Jonathan Arden Gentile said
Police searching the area now are being helped by trained volunteer searches from the FOP
Aren't those the people at Coggerhouse asked for money the FOP
That's them. Yeah, the FBI crime labs also continuing to examine twisted wire and Levy's
Shinnbone that were found last week by investigators hired by her parents and of course
I'm so sick. Yeah, I've got a bad mind because I'm thinking you know of the shin bone connected to the
Okay, because shin bone is just not a word that you use a lot. You know as soon as I came across the word shin bone
I'm thinking that that's a terrible thing connected to the knee bone. Yeah to the hip bone hip bone connected
To the I guess not right now. I mean she's dead now
It's not like you're not gonna hurt her feelings or anything and the Levy's don't live anywhere near
South Fotica. They're not gonna hear this show. They're not listening on the internet right now to the tasteless neo-rodger show
They're probably waiting for Bill or Riley to come on not
Police were criticized for not finding the edams during a week-long search of the park after Levy's remains were found
May 22th by a man walking his dog police also searched the park shortly after leaving this appear last year
But police chief Charles Ramsey's acknowledged searchers didn't go over the general area where the rains are found
Arden examined the original rains which included Levy's clothing and termitude was homicide
But they still haven't got any idea how she was killed who'd done it. They don't know crack
And how come I couldn't find any more about that robber Blake thing about the LAPD maybe botching that thing
I'm real curious about you know what I think they suffer from I think they got a bad case of botulism
Because the LAPD botches every guy damn case that they touch they just can't get it right and of course you'll be ecstatic
You'll be squeezing yourself you'll be so excited if he gets off like on something kind of technicality will be ecstatic
Yes, you will I might throw a party. Oh, it's time to vote
Now let's see I'm sure I've voting for Debbie Boone and you light up my life. I'll tell you that
I don't know what I'm going to do this. This is a tough list
Friday on my mind the easy beats. That's one of my friend nicker bockers and lies. Oh
The pressure is too great. You know what I can't stand it
Uh, oh, Terry jacks. Oh wait wait a people. I love you. How come you left off the word you off of people?
I love it. They says I love must have been lost in the margin. I don't know. Hey Eric
It was lost in a margins and another song by people as I love you not just I love
Or maybe I love that's all I wrote because I was writing so fast
And he actually spelled most of that is right nice going there at his two
Uh, I better vote on here get this thing going you know, but I just I can't make up my mind
How about seasons in the sun and Terry jacks I guess not I guess not
Uh, the seeds pushing through art. That's a possibility. I'm not going to tell you what I voted for by just I just the
I just done it. Did you do it? I'm thinking about it. No, you're thinking about it. Okay, now I'm clicking it. Okay, it's on
Or you can vote the coast is clear. All right, I voted
Okay, let me see what comes up. Oh, we got some votes on there already nicker bockers and lies has got to appear
The light and grooving a heart is got one
Fay about there's only a couple of votes under just one up this second this moment
Conference debating bishops accountability
faced with the biggest scandal I can front the Catholic Church in the US about 300 bishops from throughout the country converge in Dallas yesterday
And began an unexpected debate about whether to punish bishops who protect sexually abusive priests
And you'll notice that the victims now after those meetings yesterday they're pushing them a lot farther than they wanted to go
Which is good. They're holding their feet to the fire so to speak
Bishop Wilton Gregory president of the US Conference of Catholic bishops will not predict how bishops might sanction themselves
And did not set any specific proposals, but he said he expects the issue to be debated as the bishops discuss a new
Mandatory national policy ended preventing and responding to instances of sexual abuse of minors by priests
Conference leader strongly suggested that the draft policy released last week will be tough and by weeks end
The question of accountability of bishops is a burning issue
And I have every reason to believe that particular topic will receive significant debate Gregory said I clearly agree that topic will be a matter that needs discussion
The nation's bishops have gathered at a hotel in Dallas for an extraordinary meeting to discuss an extraordinary crisis
Over the last six months since details are reported of how the art slices of Boston transferred to Reverend John gig in despite knowing he'd been accused of molesting boys
The scandal has engulfed the nation's largest religious denomination
The Church's moral authority and financial strength have been threatened and advocates have reformed from the left and the right of inclamoring for change
As in now
The Church has declined to release overall statistics, but lawyers newspapers and interest groups have estimated that as many as
1500 priests have molested children in the last five decades and many bishops have failed to remove those priests from the ministry
And they all should be in jail the ones that are still alive put them in jail right now do not pass go do not collect $200
Do not get one free molestation all of them in goddamn jail
And you know something they can probably have a pretty good time in there well big huh
Depends on who's in there with them. Maybe they can put them in like in one of those adolescent jails, huh
And they're probably they're probably be volunteers. They probably be lined up to be in there on the inside
so to speak
20 till noon at 560 wqm Tom layman is doing it again. He's always doing it. He's a busy guy
It's how it's 2,000 to neorodgers Neil deal blowout sale so stop by howl at Pontiac GMC and say hey Tom what's that all about
You'll find it of course in the same great place where they've been taking good care of people and making great card deals for over 35 years
134 or once up. Dixie highway. That's on us one across from the falls
So right now the big deal deal is going on where the lowest sale prices marked right on the invoice on all
2002 cars and trucks in stock and you can choose either
1.9% financing or up to a $3,500 rebate check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy
loaded by motor trend as SUV of the year and see the all new vibe while you be there
vibes got the power of a sports car just a fraction of the price and when it comes to dependable pre on cars trucks and SUVs
As always, hellet's got an unbeatable selection of those if you were turned on for credit by any other car dealer
Anywhere in South Florida anyplace sells have no fear because how it is here. They'll work you a deal
It's the 2002 neorodgers deal blowout sale going on right now at howl at Pontiac for more information
You can call the neorodgers neorodial hotline
How many times do you give me to say neorodial in there about 45? Neorodial
city one triplet five three four forty two eleven that's the number to call one triplet five three four forty two eleven
They are unbeatable at hell at Pontiac GMC where they are
Sir
First and half low with nice and 10 on sports radio five sixty
Q a.m. Why the teeth damn it. I'd kick my own ass outside
My religion's better than your religion
My religion's better than yours
My feel just awhile
That's not
But we like about it best, I found no boys in where to address my religion's better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We have no respect for him and drive a cab to make a living by religion better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
In Cupa Hopper a spooky ghost we slaughter pigs and dogs and goats.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We will be decent until they never ever pay me ill.
My religion is better than yours.
Please.
My religions is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We now condorce the bother you like polar brush to spew our views.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We wear ties and ride our bikes and get some very lots of wives.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion better than your religion
My religion better than yours
We don't want to use our brains
We're mindless when things are parade
My religion better than yours
Get on, I don't want to say we look like a little idiot
That's cool
God!
Who's spelled it like that with ease?
It's the same
Right by the way, Eric is trying to figure it out
There's people voting continuously and it's very tough
Very tough one
To change it while people are voting
But he did change it but it's still wrong
Oh, it's ITCH, itch
Y-C-O-O
Itch-E-Coup-Park
Still my fault
We had two ease on here in the first place because George is a little bit
And now we got Iki
How you spell itch-E-Coup?
I just got through a telly
I know but who knows that?
Y-C-O-O
If you don't know, you act
My eyes and you
More publics
No, it's not
It's really a little bit
Itch-E-Coup-Park
That's great song, right away
That's a great song, right away
I didn't vote for it but it's a great song
Somebody just faxed this into what's from the Washington Post
We never realized that representative Bob Barr, the Georgia Republican was so despised
Bill Clinton that he demanded his impeachment before the Monica Lewinsky scandal
Was such a delicate hot house flower
Well it turns out that Barr was deeply hurt by all those slings and arrows during his 1998 ordeal
As a Republican impeachment manager
Barr was so wounded in fact that he's filed suit in Washington federal court
Against the former president, Clinton loyalist James Carville and
Politically active pornographer Larry Flint seeking compensatory damages
Incessive $30 million for loss of reputation and emotional distress
An injury in his personal property allegedly caused by these three
Who Barr claims conspired to hinder the plaintiff in the lawful discharge of his duties
Oh my god
When Barr's normally media friendly lawyer judicial watch president Larry Clayman initially declined to comment on the lawsuit
We sense that something highly unusual was a foot
The suit was filed very quietly back in March but didn't come to light until yesterday when Flint issued a press release
Maybe Barr who was mummious today thought the publicity wouldn't help his tough primary race against Republican John Linder
Another Republican incumbent in their firstly redrawn congressional district
Defended Flint, Flint meanwhile declared this time Barr has kicked the wrong dog
Defended Carville told us the call to suit frivolous would be to elevate the status of frivolous
Clinton's attorney David Kendall said the claims have no legal merit and will be defended vigorously
In due course the strangely medicine claimant said I know wish to comment on the substance of the case
However it is serious and the congressman is confident of prevailing said the right wing asshole
How do you like that?
Put a pussy
Yeah, oh he's gonna sue me now
Focus on the family
Judicial watch all these right wing wacko groups got all these very goody tushu sounding names you know
All bunch of fascist maniacs
Now look what's our polls got to vote on how they see now still got a spelled wrong in Chiku Park
We'll get it right at least we got a couple letters right anyway
Contours do you love me?
He's got four
Thomas Dolby she blighted me with science which you laughed and scoffed at that that's got four tied for number one so far
You laughed your ass off at that
Speaking of music
Harold reports two musicians have filed a lawsuit against Britney Spears claiming that two songs on her multi platinum second album
Oops I did again were based on a tune they wrote
Philadelphia songwriter's Michael Cotrell and Lawrence Woonowski
WNUKOWSKA how the hell do you say that?
Dota Lawrence Nokowski claiming the lawsuit that they wrote recorded and copyrighted a song called
What you see is what you get in late 1999 and submitted it to one of Spears representatives for consideration on the future album
The song was rejected a lawsuit says but the musicians claim that the 20-year-old pop singer later released two songs
What you see is what you get and can't make you love me that were virtually identical to the song they submitted
The lawsuit filed Friday in US District Court in Philadelphia named Spears
Zamba recording corporation jive records right entertainment group and BMG music publishing of called a
Spears public was not returned immediately return how'd you guess?
Oh I just lucky
The liner notes for Oops I did again credit both songs to several writers and producers that share on studios
The Swedish recording studio that also wrote hits for the backstreet boys and stink and the anxious Canadian Celine Dion
Oh brother speaking of music guess who's making a comeback vanilla ice the king is making a comeback
There's no hyphen in itchy cool by the way
Poor Eric he keeps changing it it's all George's fault by the way don't play America
I didn't tell him nothing about the hyphen
Yeah there's no hyphen there's no griphen and there's no hyphen it's all one word
You got it spelled right now just take the hyphen out and you'll have it nice going Eric
Oh I got it
Yeah that probably was the problem
A dance remix of a little less conversation which Presley performed in 1988 film a little a lot
Has been drawing brisk sales and heavy radio where playing Britain since it was released there's a single on Monday
And the king is back he been dead for a hundred years and the king is back they can't keep him down
The recordings expected to top the British singles charts next week breaking the long running tie between Presley and the Beatles
For the most number one hits in the UK which currently stands at 17 a piece and RCA spokesman said guess who's gonna break that by the way very soon I give up West like
Hmm well I'm just telling him not asking for a commentary I don't care whether you like him or don't like him I'm just telling you they're gonna break the record
Okay soon the original version of the song reached number 69 on the West singles charts in 1968 and failed to chart it all in Britain
Isn't that amazing?
In other words it was a stiff I don't even remember do you know not at all a little less conversation
But the record books will contain an asterisk as the new recording takes some liberties with the songs that was originally performed by the king
The updated version of a little less conversation adds a minute long electronic introduction
Surround's Presley's vocals with new rhythms and beats and extends the song with dance loops and techno tracks
Yeah talk about phony baloney they can do that with any song
Sure
If you hear the first man fact it wouldn't be surprised if Disney is gonna start playing Elvis now
At least it'd be good variety from that same 20 songs he's playing
If you hear the first minute of the song you'd have no idea that it's Elvis it sounds like a techno song says RCA general manager Richard Sanders
And when you hear his voice kick in it's like oh my that's Elvis oh my god oh my god
Yeah like that
Sanders says it marks the first contemporary remix of a Presley's music allowed by RCA
A unit of Bertelsman AG's a BMG
RCA owns rights to the original master recordings of Presley's entire catalog
These spokesmen said the six-minute plus recording six minutes plus
Yeah oh boy we can kill some good time with that on this show
And guess we're all be able to get it no doubt
Amsterdam
You must be psychic it says the six-minute plus recording is the work of popular Amsterdam based DJ and producer JXL
He was licensed by RC and Elvis Presley in a prizes to remix the song for the soundtrack
The Nike's 90-million-dollar worldwide ad campaign tied to the World Cup soccer tournament
The full-length remix of three-minute version edited for radio and the original version of the song are all contained on a single
Which is due for release in the US on June 25th
Boy I'm sure going to go out and buy that right away aren't you?
Right now?
June 25th that's only like less than two weeks away
The original song also appeared last year on the soundtrack to the movie Ocean's Eleven
Which starred George Clooney and Brad Pitt
Who still looks pretty good but still can't act
What that was at movie I saw a little bit of with him the other day the river runs deep
Well yeah that's right Craig Schaeffer was in at movie with Brad Pittway played his brother
And Craig Schaeffer by that time had gotten a terminal case of the uglies in his eyes
We're not only like bloodshot in like raccoon eyes but like his whole face was coming apart
Craig Schaeffer
Yes the river run run and the river runs through it
I beg your pardon
The river runs through it I think it's a proper river move
Robert Redford was in that movie?
No he directed it
Oh well anyway to make a long story short Brad Pitt dies in the end he falls and he's a swimmer
I mean he's fission and he dies
I thought he got killed by the bear
No did he?
That might have been a different movie
Pressley's likely to return to the charts again this fall on RCA releases a one CD collection of 30 of his number one hits to commemorate
The 25th anniversary of his death
Oh gee I didn't realize that this falls the 25th anniversary of Elvis's death
The album title Elvis 30 number one hits is due out September 24th in the US
I hope you're marking these dates down on the calendar right now
He died August 16th 1977 in Memphis Tennessee at age 44 and I'm going to say it again
Anybody who goes to Graceland is an asshole
Needs a life needs mental health
Then includes all those guys who called in about when we do it about four years ago
Right never forget that show down there on the second floor
When the phones weren't working just like today's a matter of fact
Here we are four and a half years later and the phones are still screwed up at QAM
Now they're working because I see one is lit up
Right
See that line number two? Hello
You got the pot open Robert?
That is not
Hello
See I was going to take one call today they had their chance
1156 at 560 WQM here's the number to call 95491688
The number I'll put you in touch with Jeff Cohen and the food experts over there at the pizza loft
The world famous place
Jeff Cohen is the master one who comes to putting the other delicious Italian goodies
And giving you big big fresh portions at affordable prices
Every Monday is lasagna night at the loft every Tuesday's eggplant
Thank you by one of these dinners on these nights
Get the second one for only five bucks
Wednesday kids eat free with it all second C.J.F. same as magic show
Thursday is like tonight it's bite night at the loft come on a motorcycle
Squirt Squirt Jeff will come out with a cloth
By one dinner get the second for half price
Pizza lofts got combination dinner so you can try a little bit of this little bit of that and maybe
And get some of those great garlic rolls man those are just I wish I weren't diabetic for many reasons
But especially so I could just eat like dozens of those
The best garlic rolls in the world three different kinds of great pizza
All kinds of great Italian chicken dishes and veal and seafood, calzone, super subs
Jeff has got it all for you and because the prices are so reasonable
You can take the whole gang back again and again
The pizza loft the Broward original Broward location is on university drive right in your armadillo cafe
Semat or fact kitty corner behind pier what imports between five ninety five and Griffin road
And the pizza loft plaza with acres of re-parking and the brand new location will be corner
And I've heard some rise in plantation opening the end of the summer
Do you ever tell us when? No
Well go over to pizza loft and say hey
Is the Marlins chicken the Tampa Bay devil
Tomorrow
On sports when you five sixty you am
Well now I do believe it be the one that's well-bought
The songs about my education
Grides a sleep of day and my home invites one time I woke up and started taking tests and then I think I took an SAT
And that's about the time I said enough for me
My TPA was somewhere near point three
Or no I want to watch a TV shows
What the hell are SATs?
My friends say I should fear my grades
What's my grades again?
What's my grades again?
Been later on on the bus home
My teacher called from our cell phone
She told my parents all
She said I thought I'd feel I knew that this was gibberish for me
And that's the point when mom and dad just loved it me
I said what teachers said just good not be
Then suddenly a thought had come to me
I'm gonna get those A's and B's by hacking their computer C
What's my grades again?
F you probably just after what is it two minutes after 12?
Well put them together and get whatever you want
So here's a fact I'm a little bit off the beam here because of this one facts
And I had to look it up
Again somebody very emphatic
Very emphatic
I wonder what story they're talking about
Is hearing a story like that makes me sick
I almost had a turn of radio off the baby story
Baby's baby made me sick also
But then he writes on here
Faith no more question mark they had hits mid-life crisis
Which still gets radio play
How can they be a one-hit wonder what about easy they need to be removed
Well guess what?
No no they're gonna be wrong because you're wrong
Faith no more had one hit
Epic was number nine in 1990
They had no other chart hits none zero
Zipini do da
Ready for that?
I got it
We talked about it
Rock group from San Francisco
Faith no more
I mean the other songs may have been played on a radio
You may have liked them but were they on a chart?
No!
So sorry
And how come I never mentioned this?
Shocking
Because I saw it on TV must have slipped my mind
McDonald's had spam to the menu
Did you see that?
Yeah
But only in Hawaii
Sure it's big there
The 78 McDonald's restaurants in Hawaii are adding a new menu item
That's as much an American icon as the burger chain itself
Spam!
Oh!
I'm getting shocked up just thinking about it
I couldn't say it
God!
The idea that they're serving something that comes in a can?
More than 3,000 portions of low sodium spam scrambled egg and rice were served in a single day
During a test run of the meal according to
Melani Okazaki
That's right Okazaki
McDonald's local marketing manager
I'm not sure why it's taken so long off Kazaki said of this spam breakfast
Which he said is offered at no other McDonald's in the world
Only in Hawaii
So I guess they want to keep the population as big and porked up as so many of those sumo-looking guys are
And women
Porky
Do you ever see those, what do they call when they have those, those luau kind of those shows they put on?
Right
Almost all of them are like porky
I'm not saying there aren't a lot of beautiful people in Hawaii because there are
But they don't get involved in those shows I guess
But they like their porky over there
They're busy getting laid
They like their pork though
M&M has received death threats from supporters of Osama Yamama Bin Laden
According to reports who say M&M may begin little two porky himself I guess
The video for his new hit single without me shows the rap singer making fun of the terror war lord by wearing a beard and robes and dancing around as bin shady
His joke is believed who offended Bin Laden's al-Qaeda network and US intelligence agents have informed M&M that a bounty has been placed on his head
The source told the daily star M&M has had no choice but to take the thread very seriously
He has hired more professional bodyguards to protect him and updated his home security system
He's even consoled as specialist and counter terrorism on what precautions to take
The neat croix stars often courted controversy with references to sex, rocks and violence in his songs
In the past he's been convicted of curing concealed weapon and claims to take ecstasy while on stage and believe me it doesn't help he still can't sing a lick
He maybe can lick it but he can't sing
And annoys the crap out of me
I don't know about you but he annoys the crap out of me
He's buggy
He was in the beginning he was amusing, you know what I mean? He was amusing
Like weirdo, kind of amusing
But as time wore on he became more and more obnoxious and more and more like hey we don't need to see him know more
I rather see Afro man, any day
How about M&M with an Afro?
That sounds good, in fact he may soon get one from the sound of it
Thomas Dolby, he blinded me with science, his number one with the...
Well see this is so straight out
I'm sure just to spite me
103 votes on a pool and it's so spread out that we got no and nobody are more than ya'ing so far
Debbie Boone got five
Well does that surprise look if it was number one for ten weeks somebody must have liked it?
Yeah but I didn't think we had those people in the audience
Maybe we have five women listening, I'm sure that no man would vote for Debbie Boone and you let up my life
No real man, or even me
Contours do you love me, got seven?
The small faces itchy couparks spelled right
Oh, has got the six
Rick Daringer, rock and roll, Huchi Koo has got five, has does Debbie Boone and you let up my...
And the bugles and video kill the radio star, even though we don't have the one in George Wonsman
And I got news for it, that what you heard is what you get
I'll find it
I'm not gonna go out and buy no more bugles, okay?
If you wanna download it and steal it, I mean borrow it, that's up to you
USA Today, Judy Keen and Lawrence McQuillin write today
The announcement Monday that US officials had named and led Phil Katero's to a plan to explode a year ago
The radio act of Judy Bob in the USA, messed neatly with President Bush's agenda
It came four days after Bush proposed a Homeland Security Department in his cabinet
And ten days after he began describing a doctrine of preemptive military strikes against countries that threaten the US
It seemed to add impetus to his argument that Saddam Hussein must be ousted before Iraq sells weapons of mass destruction to terrorists
But some people, especially some Democrats, wondered Tuesday whether the arrest announcement dovetailed a little too tidally with Bush's agenda
Those questions were fueled by the fact that the announcement came a month after Abdullah Al-Muhadjir's arrest May 8th
And by reports Tuesday that he had no radio act of material, no concrete plan, and no target
Other than that, he was pretty dangerous
It would just be interesting to know why any particular day is chosen more than a month after the fact to make an announcement
Especially announcement of this magnitude said Mark Millman, a Democratic pollster
Other Democrats in Washington said the same thing privately
Bush's stage managing a public pronouncements to serve his goals is a technique every President's used
Trying to dominate news coverage to remind voters that he and fellow Republicans are leading the war on terror is a perquisite of a day presidency
White House spokesman Eric Fleischer said Tuesday that the duty bomb threat was not overstated
It was described accurately he said at times like this the initial reports immediately lurched to the worst case scenario
Fleischer said the timing had nothing to do with Bush's announcement last week of the proposed Homeland Security Department
Attorney General John Ascroft announced he arrest Monday from Moscow where he was meeting with Russian officials on unrelated matters
We have disrupted an unfolding terrorist plotty said there wasn't long before Bush and his top aides were making the link between the arrest and the administration's priorities on the war on terrorism
Grave threats are accumulating against us and in action will only bring them closer vice-president Cheney said in between heartbeats
In the speech Tuesday in Kansas City Bush said these shadowy terrorists could hook up with a nation that's got weapons of mass destruction
The nations that I labeled the axis of evil the evil doers
Late Tuesday administration officials said Ascroft went too far in his description of the duty bomb threat providing a reminder that message management can be tricky
If Bush is seen as trying to gain political edge from the threat of terrorism Americans could lose confidence in him
There's enough of a pattern that this administration despite protest to the contrary makes political calculations every day mailman says was this one I can't say
He says Bush risk creating the impression that he's playing the kind of Washington games he pledged to avoid it may come back to Hanami says
Americans however are not disenchanted with Bush pull show that three and four approved the job that he's doing
In the USA today see it in Gallup poll last weekend one in three said they thought the timing of Bush's announcement of a new home on security department was based on politics
Similar numbers said the same thing when President Clinton ordered missile strikes against suspected terrorist targets in Afghanistan and Sudan during the monocle of Blue Winsky scandal
Jim Steinberg was a deputy national security adviser to Clinton approves the Bush's plan to create a home on security department doesn't care whether politics play department decision or not he says
Whatever gets somebody to the right place to do the right thing that's a good thing
Okay, you make up your own mind if you have one remember that ad be killing yeah, oh
You ought to see this guy here's here's a wow yeah see that's not fair picture of his driver's license
Everybody's picture on the driver's license. I never seen anybody look at on the driver's license of you yeah me
Yeah, me
Too bad you don't look good in person. I know I wish the man who killed two monks and wounded two others at Roman Catholic
Abby before killing himself have been upset with the church over his divorce the AP learned yesterday see we're looking for a reason right there you go
Investigators have been struggling to wonder cover information about 71 year old Lloyd Roberts Jeffress as they search for a motive in his attack on conception
Abby a role monastery in Northwest Missouri in conception
Jeffress first victim brother Damien Larson pleaded for his life before Jeffress shot him
Abbott Gregory Poland said yesterday he said no no and Jeffress just plugged him with a rifle Poland said just like just like that
Jeffress daughter and brother said he'd been upset at the way he was treated by the church after his divorce a source
Close to the investigation told the AP on the condition of course of anonymity
The source didn't know when Jeffress and his wife were married or divorced and could not elaborate on how the church allegedly mistreated Jeffress
Officials were trying to locate his former wife
The Abby about 90 miles north of Kansas City we opened yesterday bells that the Abby's Basilica toiled at 8.40 am Tuesday
Exactly 24 hours after the bloodshed began the Bell sounded once for each year that the two slain monks had been there the Reverend Phillips Schuster spent 51 of his 85 years at the Abby
Larson 64 had been there for 32 years well a lot of strange stuff going on including that con Fab and Dallas
So this is a tough question. What is the best way to handle this for the good of everybody?
Also more fundamental than that is we still don't know how many priests may actually be in that situation anyway is any from what you know
Now are you believe in this you blinded me with science crap with 14 votes? No no I think I might even just take that one off of there when we get through with this poll
I mean that's just ridiculous
12 minutes passed known at 5.60 WQM you heard me talking about getting yourself a big one everybody wants a big one
Men women they want to have something big like a paycheck of course is probably one of the most important things one of
In four short months you can have a big paycheck and you start making enough money to like live a life
The demand for certified computer professionals is through the roof so pick up the phone and call a good folks at fast train
Ask away to answer all your questions. They'll be ecstatic to talk to you call 1 866 fast train because summer classes are forming right now
And if you call now you can be certified in a brand new career before summer's end fast train offers you Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations including that brand new campus and Kindle we be telling you about
Job placement assistance day and evening classes too for those individuals who job was affected after 9.11 fast train is an operation paycheck training provider
So call fast train at 866 fast train now or check them out on the world wide web at fast train.com
And like I said only seconds ago fast train can have you certified ready for a brand new money making career in his little form months so kiss that dead end job
You're as good by and get yourself a real life call fast train today toll free at 1 866
What a story
The show and March overnight time sports radio 560 Q a.m.
Oh, you guys smile for you 560 WQM
Look at who that is everybody look at who that is
The race around
All race driver that never wins
Now see here on your heads they call me Mr. Rims
Oh, I'm there soon I'll win a race in my rocket
Oh, well hey baby you show look fine today
Oh, well I came in a sort of a place
Well, you're up yourself some ribs on a plane
Well, get that on him how's about a date?
I ain't gonna take that chance not if you keep pulling it last
That's why you don't go out with me
You ain't too slow you can't compete
Well, I may be slow on the street but I show be fast on my feet
Oh, well hey baby you show me
You ain't too slow you can't compete
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
They call him Mr. Free
Prophs of the T-560 WQM the Mandol will be on a one-hank at three
And we got well after that
You know, I think maybe you're making another premature evaluation just like you did with the soft sell and tainted love
All right, because if you'll take a peak at VH1 in their top 20 one hit wonders
Guess what's in there
Now you tell me that you don't like this recording
No, I'll get the real one by tomorrow
This one it's not even close it's him but it's a horrible remake
Well as you bring in a real one you know what I should have done today
Because at the beginning of the show if you missed the beginning with shame on you I played the entire winner from yesterday
Which I thought was pretty damn nice to me I played in the Lizzy and a voice of back in town the original version
But I didn't play any of this which you thought was pretty damn good so I'm a little bit suspect at this point
Yeah, the tribute to thin Lizzy with artist from Ozzy Osborne and Alice Cooper and forner and bad company and
Any like the original but it was adequate
Huh, I give it about a six and a half
On a skill of 93 it's okay, but the original is always the best
Usually I tried telling that to podcast her over the original all of always the best he went like that
That was when I saw with the song rest mall that night
Look at that she blighted me with science 16 votes Vicky Sue Robinson turned the beat around turn your meat around eight small faces
It's you coupart Scott eight oh spider ball those problems. I'm happy with that and how come I just took the disc on there when we got Vicky Sue Robinson on
There let's pump her up a little bit. You're not gonna like that. Why not because it's disco it's a fag song who said I didn't like disco well, I don't know
But it's a fag song yeah, well
The fact is all your music
That's because we make most of it either sing it or produce it or play it or ditto with it or write it dance to it dance to it
Listen to it
Designed the clothes that people dance to it in yes stuff like that
Around
Love to give
Got
Turn it upside down
Love to give
Got
Shun
Here and go on just
Okay, that's enough
I sure wouldn't get my I mean I like it, but it wouldn't get my vote
You know and this list there's a lot of really good stuff on this list and
And neither would the Thomas Dolby get I mean not even close we wouldn't even cross my mind about for that, you know
But then again, there's a lot of people out there would bad taste. We already know that we can't help that
Five held in shoe bomber probe
Paris France five people have been detained by French police for questioning over their possible connection with richard
He read the alleged transatlantic shoe bomber
Read is currently awaiting trial in the US for allegedly trying to set off a bomb hidden in his footwear during that flight from Paris to
Miami on December 22, 2001 the five suspects reported by the AP to be two Pakistanis and three North Afrokuners were detained after an operation in Paris yesterday
They've been questioned by counter espionage services the direct what is it?
Direction de la surveillance de Territrois
About what they know of read staying in Paris. Oh, don't give me started with the French
The interviews are part of a broader anti-terror investigation presided over by judge John Louise Brunier
Read was overpowered by passengers in Cruella. We all know that
Okay, so they got five assholes in the custody and they're grilling them and hopefully they're beating the crap out of them too
Torturing them things like that. There were so much to civilize to be doing
Well that article I had a couple weeks ago about the country club that were running down the regidmo that just frost my ass
You ought to be threatening like to to burn out their eyeballs, you know
Okay with a magnifying glass. No seriously. They ought to be threatened to do. I mean you name it
So Dan is picked up a member of an al-Qaeda terrorist cell is believed to have tried to shoot down a US plane with shoulder fired missiles in Saudi Arabia
US officials told CNN yesterday
The officials said the man a Sudanese nationalist spent some time in Saudi Arabia claimed to have penetrated security at the highly guarded
Prince Sultan Air Base and tried to fire a missile at US military plane
The FBI should then intelligence bulletin warning of the potential targeting of commercial aircraft in the US by terrorists armed with shoulder fired missiles after investigators last month
Concluded al-Qaeda operatives might have tried to shoot down a US military plane at the remote desert base
On May 10th CNN reported the discovery earlier in the month of an expanded Russian-made
SA-7 shoulder fired surface to where missile tube and parts inside a security fence at Saudi
Base and officials said Wednesday they believe the man was responsible for them
Two weeks ago CNN reported a May 22th FBI bulletin that said
Subsequent investigation suggests that the discoveries likely related to al-Qaeda targeting efforts against US-led forces on the Arabian peninsula
US officials would not say whether the West Long Force met authorities that access to the detained man or where he was being held in other words, they're not saying nothing
Meanwhile in Dallas they need to be a worthless useless and unloved. How do you like that? I
Mean that this if there was ever such a thing the definitive dog in pony show. This is it. This is exactly what's going on right now
It's called CYA baby covering your big fat pimple ass
And how far do we have to go to try to make it look good like we really care to cover up this goddamn
Child molesting fag club that we've been have going on here for like the since the beginning of recorded time
Since the first voice step the forward to be counted
Speaking of that speaking accounting New York Times big article today Roman Catholic Church faces questions about finances as if they don't have enough other problems
After spending the past six months fending off accusations that it covered up allegations of sexual abuse by priest
The American Roman Catholic Church now faces a new wave of scrutiny about how its finances are handled particularly because of the
Large and confidential settlements that diocese have reached with victims of that abuse in other words hush money
payoffs
In fact some big donors to the church are leveling the same sorts of complaints that the abuse victims and their supporters have made
That a church run in such secrecy for decades needs to be more open
And it's decision making and more accountable for the consequences of those decisions
Recent reports of accounting cover ups most notably in Milwaukee and Palm Beach, Florida
Have only drawn more attention to the inability or refusal of any diocese to disclose where their money comes from or where it has gone
His children and the therapy continues to go for them
26 past known at five sixty WQA
Old humans expect a new product more and more people are popping it in their pus because it's the best way to get olive oil into your system
I mean you can smear it on your feet you can bring it out of the bottle you can smear it onto your food
But the best way to get the purest olive oil and money can buy is just pop a couple of oleo made capsules in your pus
And oleo may has got a complete line of capsules now for different parts of your health
It contains vitamins and minerals and herbals while the also has the best olive oil on the face of the globe
Tell like I said different aspects of the body
They have one product help your prostate one for your heart for your blood pressure and your cholesterol
One to promote health in your circulatory system your digestive your endocrine system your skin and bones even your mind
All using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil and only meds got products for men and ladies as well
Pick up some old remed today. You'll find it at Walgreens whole food markets and borrow farm pharmacy in St. Anos too
We're just calling and ask away the answer all your questions about this exciting new product call one eight six six oleo made
That's one eight six six oleo made or to their products right off their website if that's so the easy way forward to do it
What is it?
She way in
Jesus Christ
You
I'm a big
I believe I can touch
Oh
Yeah
at 5.16 WQM. Don't forget logon to QM.com. Start playing the Toyota baseball
trivia challenge. Weekly prizes include golf or faux at chulas. The grand prize
will be a trip for Tudor New York over the weekend to see the Marlins in the
Metz. So logon and start playing at WQAM.com. So hey, yes, want to hear that
all this song? We got it. That remix.
Okay. Popo Brian just said. Okay, that's enough. Yeah. Didn't it? A lot of noise is what it sounds like to me. Just a lot of noise with like Elvis mumbling in the background.
American Jose Padilla accused the plotting to detonate a radioactive dirty bomb in the West
travel to a Central Asian country in April, looking to buy radioactive materials.
Pakistani intelligence government officials said today the officials who spoke
of course like everybody in the world like condition of anonymity said at least two
associates of Padilla are now in custody in Pakistan and FBI agents are questioning
them at an under-sclozed location and hopefully beaten them silly. One was
identified as Benjamin Osmod Mohammed, but officials would not give any of the
nationalities. The official said at least a half dozen American cities were
believed among the three-hundred al-Qaeda suspects. What is it? At least a half
dozen American citizens were believed to be among the three-hundred al-Qaeda suspects
handed over to the West by Pakistan in the past six months. The hunt for the
Brooklyn-born Padilla 31 also known as Abdullah Al-Mohajir began after the
arrest in March of Osama Yomama bin Laden Lieutenant Abu Zabeda the
official said the bid is currently in the West custody and spilling the beans. Padilla
apparently had been assigned by Zabeda to explore the possibility of causing
maximum damage to Americans intelligence officials said also on condition of
anonymity. We had received information from the FBI in April that some al-Qaeda
men were planning attacks in the U.S. The same information was shared with us by
the CIA and intense weeks-long efforts led to a arrest set a senior government
official who spoke under the condition of anonymity. Good guess. Authorities began
to track Padilla in early April after the FBI provided photos of the former
Chicago gang member to Pakistan's bi agency. Inner services'
intelligence official said the ISI. Using false documents and aliases Padilla
traveled around a central Asian country in April the official said they wouldn't
say how long he remained in Central Asia nor whom he contacted. The official
said Padilla returned to Pakistan left Karachi and laid in April early May for
Zurich, Switzerland. U.S. authorities have said Padilla may trips from Switzerland
to and from Egypt before flying to Chicago where he was arrested May 8th.
Pakistan officials are expanding their search for more Padilla
associates in the deeply conservative tribal areas along the Afghan border where
many al-Qaeda fugitives are believed to have taken refuge. The FBI is particularly
interested in fighting five Arab women, seven children and several al-Qaeda men
believed that close contacts would Zubayda and Padilla. Pakistan is sources
speaking on condition of anonymity. Said U.S. and Pakistan agents raided an
Islamic clerics home in the Northwest Frontier province this week looking for
the woman and children but didn't find anybody yet. They're looking. And yes. The
leader of a Pemberpine's mosque said yesterday that the alleged duty bomb plot
wasn't hatched in Broward County. Thank God. An assertion backed up by federal
agents who said he teni Jose Padilla contacted al-Qaeda operatives after leaving
the West in 1998. Wait till you're the last sentence in this story. You'll pee in
your pants. I want to make sure that there's nothing like that going on here
said Molana Shafayet Mohamed prayer leader at Darul Ulum Islamic Institute. I
just like a clean operation. I don't even want to smell things like that around.
You don't want to smell it. Padilla is the third terrorism suspect linked to
Darul Ulum. He studied the Quran there to other Broward men accused this year
with plotting a bombing campaign in South Florida worshiped at Darul Ulum one
of about 20 Muslim mosque in Broward and Dave counties but that Mohammed said
is pure coincidence. We are the largest Muslim congregation in South Florida
Mohammed said I think people may want to use this as a scapegoat we don't
tolerate radicals we're a peaceful group. The only common factor among the
three is that they just passed through our mosque Mohammed said. Federal sources
told a herald on Wednesday that while Padilla was clearly involved with the
South Florida Muslim community it remains unclear when he turned from moderate
Islamic beliefs to an extreme doctrine that led him to allegedly plot a bombing.
The difficult part for us now is true and of course you do realize he became a
Muslim Ali was in jail? No it did not. Oh yeah. Jose Padilla became whatever the
hell he was now what's his name? Mahmoud, the Shmekel, whatever he is. The
difficult part for us now is to determine which of the many people he came in
contact with hold those views let alone whether or not there are links to El-Kaeda
one source said the FBI's found no connection between Padilla in the
time of 11 hijackers several of whom lived in Broward County. All the evidence
that the release of El-Kaeda is from his trips abroad one source said Padilla's
interest in Islam was apparent when he worked at a Davi Taco Bell in 1992
following his release from Broward County jail where he served ten months after a
road-range incident his former boss was Mohammed Javed co-founder of the
School of Islamic Studies at Broward in Sunrise. Javed said when Padilla told
him he was thinking about converting his advice Padilla to look in the yellow
pages for an Islamic center. He didn't tell me when he and his girlfriend
Sherri Maria Stoltz converted but I learned they had accepted Islam into their
life job it's and he seemed to be a joiner and he was poor. He worked at the Davi
Taco Bell. Do we know where that is? No. In June 94 Jose Padilla
firstly became known as Ibrahim following a hearing before Broward's circuit
judge John Fruciani at the Courthouse in Fort Lauderdale Padilla prayed and
studied at the Rul'ulum from 1995 to 97. Mohammed remembers Padilla as Ibrahim no
longer the troublemaker of his earlier days but a quiet young man who always
wore the traditional Muslim scarf favored by Palestinian leader Yasser Amafard.
A photograph released by the school shows Padilla posing with friends a red
scarf draped over his head a Shmata as the Chinese call it. The headdress is the
type you see in Palestine you don't see it in the US Mohammed said Padilla
attended Saturday morning sessions for the recently converted after while just
disappearing from the scene nine men and three women made up the group women are
not uncommon for the Pembert Prime Institute because of its liberal bent
Mohammed said and here comes here comes the best part of this story who ever
did whoever did what they never did it here Mohammed said people know they
can't do any foolishness here and I'm thinking to myself right like the 19
hijackers they can't do any foolishness there in South Florida right I think
he was referring to his mosque I see I didn't know he wore one maybe he knows the
lone ranger oh I got a great story about masked by the whale savor for
tomorrow you see that story that you facts me about those British kids that
did the whole month yeah and they forgot to make holes in their masks only the
bridge man only the silly silly silly as Brits would come up with something like
that got on mighty all you people listen in England by the way we love you but
you are silly make no mistake about it and and by the way they're the head of
these amazing things called dentists 21 and and and even more amazing thing
called a toothbrush and toothpaste even in Amsterdam we got toothpaste in the
supermarket at Albert Hine Albert Hine we got toothpaste I eventually they
don't even sell it in England why bother 21 till one and Jim Maddog managed time at
QA and here's a simple question for you for simple people if somebody offered to
give you to hand over to your several thousand dollars in cash in the next few
years would you take it everybody in this audience will say sure why not which
makes it really for us to pass up a chance to refinance or buy a home at just
3.95% there's a fan he made program waiting for you with 3.95% for both
refinancing and purchasing of homes think about it just 3.95% and all you have
to do is call financial group with this toll free number 1 800 940 53 63
that's 1 800 940 53 63 to be more specific you can get yourself a hundred
grand with payments of only 475 bucks a month or you can get 200 grand with
payments of only 950 bucks a month you'll save yourself thousands of dollars
it'd be downright foolish to pass up a chance like that so do the math and do
the next logical thing get the details by calling financial group toll free
it's 1 800 940 land that's 1 800 940 53 63 there an equal housing lender
credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait
how are you David and Steve Goldie Goldstein
I'm sports radio 560 all right this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come
yeah
yeah
he likes it
in the summer time when the weather is high you can hit the beach season as I'm
in the summer time you got women you got women on your mind
right them this a nice behind go out and see what you can find
and for bikini spin there's a lot to reveal and a nice
these strings got lots of appeal check it out there man that
through it's making my tongue hang through the side it's because her top
it's holding up a pair of 45s
we're just normal guys we're not dirty we're not mean we just love the girls
and see in their crease in the summer time we go check and we go check in
out the scene spend the summer time finding duties finding duties on the beach
come along with me season DDT's
tata tata make me so happy when the summer see I got women I got women on my
mind yes the girls are nice wearing those bikinis for size with a hot hot
bond surely it's a feast for your eyes come along with me see some tata
tata tata tata tata tata tata in the summer time
roguo cruisin roguo cruisin through the beach
or the tata tata tata tata tata tata tata tata tata tata tata tata
I hate that song you ever see the emoji judgment at Nuremberg?
yes I did. Now I'm watching out of the choir and they finally took a break from it
but it just goes on and on this church sex club crisis thing
yeah and it reminds me it will be like if you would have taken the Nazi prisoners in Nuremberg
and turned it around and and let them conduct the hearings you see what I'm saying?
for themselves right then they wouldn't have needed those headphones
right that's right they could just sit there and conduct it that's that this is like the fox
guarding the chicken coop and the way she talks about how this calls so much depression
oh get out of here you're simple and faggot you I mean who are these people kidding evidently a lot of people
because there are millions of obedient Catholics out there very duly obedient and brainwashed
who are just the dying to be of conned they're they're just hoping for the best
yeah put one over on us okay talk the good talk and put on a good to the face
and like I said the other day after the life of me I cannot I just can't figure it out
I mean I could understand if this was a religion that preaches things that most people believe
and do see what I'm saying I know but in most western societies almost everything that they
preach flies in the face of people's values in there and the way they live their lives
then make a bit of difference in fact I don't think it has anything to do with beliefs at all
it's just like a way of life it's like I'm a member of the club and I'm not getting out
this is this is who I am and what I am this is my club like like the FOP like the elks like the
American Legion same crap god it's amazing to me responsible yeah exactly when you're gonna start
being mispreased boy oh yeah this this one's the his name is misconduct your day
New York State Proves Minister's deals more not more of this from news day huh focus on transfer
of long island properties from charity to her self-in-daughter boy just just keep pouring out your
money folks a suckers born every minute and a tax free suckers what they like the best
the New York State Attorney General's Office is investigating real estate savings of an
amity-vill minister it's another one of those amity-vill horrors it sounds like to me who collected more
than five million dollars from Suffolk County to run homeless shelters for nearly a decade
the Reverend Kerry Wilson operated a network of age shelters for Suffolk's Department of Social
Services providing housing for hundreds of women and children before the county terminated
its contract with their last month in April news they reported that Wilson's charity new life
Christians mission ministries incorporated allegedly wasted millions in public funds through
questionable real estate transactions stretching from filth and alphabets Suffolk County some of
us should place the group under federal investigation they're in DAP a spokesperson for attorney
general Elliott Spitzer confirmed that his office also is examining the charitable organizations
activities that the agency has this penis subpoenaed records from Wilson he declined to elaborate
further Wilson yesterday declined to comment sources for media with what the probes say
state investigators are interested in transfer release three properties on Long Island from
the charitable organization two Wilson 57 and one of her daughters without getting proper
approvals from the state within the past three years the charity sold an amity-vill home to
one of Wilson's daughters for ten dollars and transferred to other homes to Wilson for ten
dollars each public record show federal and state laws regulating non-profit groups for bid
tax event organizations from taking actions that benefit insiders in a previous interview Wilson
said she'd used your own money to buy the houses for new life right just keep putting up
giving your money out okay to these shifters give it over to miss Cleo at least at least he's
got a good sense of humor given to vote Griffin she needs it so whatever happened with that deal we
got an ongoing thing there i guess nothing new about it i think she might just have an ace in a
hole in that hole there you know who a man accused of kidnapping and killing 70-year-old Danielle
Van Dan used the word we while recounting a trippy claim he took a loan right after the girl
disappeared a tape of a police interview played yesterday this trial shows are you familiar with
this no little slip of the tongue i think oops David Westerfield described this little place we
were at during the February 5th interview Danielle disappeared the previous weekend from her home
tutors down the street from Westerfield her body was found February 27th along a rural road east
of San Diego they'd Westerfield 50 a self-employed engineer is charged with kidnapping murder and
possession of a child pornography he's pleaded innocent and could face the death penalty if convicted
oh during the interview Westerfield told police he hardly knew Danielle if you brought her in right
now i wouldn't recognize her from ten other kids he said i i could make a comment about that
being poor taste Westerfield gave police a detailed account of a weekend trip to the beach in desert
and what and desert and desert that's right there in San Diego that began the morning
Danielle was reported missing he said he was scouting for places to camp with his adult son
and a told police he was alone does this sound weird to you we ask is perfect you normal for me
Westerfield also described a brief encounter with Danielle's mother Brenda van Dam
at a neighborhood barfibori first the last day Danielle was seen alive at her home he said he was drunk
i don't remember getting home that's how bad it was you said on the tape he showed no visible
emotion as prosecutors played the tape in court prosecution testimonies expected to continue
through the month and then we'll fries us 1250 a 560 wqm 10 minutes before the gym man did show
if you want to be where your hair went i'll tell you mad dogs don't have much hair left either
no no i don't either of course in our case what difference does it make you know
but you younger guys out there you guys don't want to look better than you have in years maybe
you'd like once every couple of years here's the answer for you Charles Alfie or who's a
hair big shot for over well over 25 years he's been doing it for guys he's appeared as a guest
on good morning america the today show he's known all over the world as the guys got the best
hair system going in any price the natural hairline system Charles been helping the famous and
not so famous look the best for all that time and the reason the famous people the rich people go
to him is because no matter how much money they've got no matter what price they're willing to spend
for no amount in the world can you get a better looking system than the natural hairline system
because it looks real like real hair like it's going out of your scalp not like some farm animal
died in your head so if you want to get yourself a great looking head a hair again and look better
and younger than you ever thought you could again call Charlie tool free there's no obligation he'll
show you just how much better and younger he can make you look call 1 800 321 24 13 that's 1 800 321 24 13
and be sure to mention my name because I'm not going to unbox off the regular cost of that natural
hairline system if you do 1 800 321 24 13 or look him up on his website at Charles
is the marlin's cheek on the tip of a table around tomorrow
coverage is underway at 630 on sports 205 60 QAM only in the banana republic baby only in Miami
wow wow wow why do people think I'm gay why do people say such things assuming I like
things I think why do they think I'm gay
wow wow they told you but no one knows yes if I really get the holes why do they think I'm gay
yeah
I will start late handsome guy I'm drunk most afternoon
it's not of your business why I like show tunes all the rumors make me gay people think I drive a
stick why do they think I'm gay
I'm gay
I'm gay
help me pass the word on
this dude here's no welton John why do they think I'm gay
I'm gay
guys in the gym they can't cope
they're afraid to drop the soap why do they think I'm gay
I'm a man
man
last I checked it in a sin to be
lies up and tell me why
tell me why why do they think I'm gay
why do they think I'm gay
yeah
how about these six or five sixty I beg your pardon
I didn't say it oh I thought you said it I thought that was you on the other thing I think you're stepping on how come my
pole is disappeared on my website you looking at it
wait a minute it's reloading yeah mine was reloading too and it just like vanished it disappeared
oh is yours disappeared yeah what's going on here Eric oh my god this is this is like a major
catastrophe it's like a catastrophic you know what we get right to the end of the show we're swinging
along the votes are pouring in on that thing and all of a sudden like uh which is disappears off the
face of the globe how is that possible you don't think he's like retooling it do you I don't I don't
boy shocking well he's working on I'm sure the jury that convicted Kennedy
cousin Michael's scapegole of murder last week was improperly inflamed by gruesome photos of
the victim paired with scapegole's comments to an interviewer his attorney argued yesterday
the verdict should be thrown out in a new trial hell defends lawyer Michael Sherman argued in
papers filed in Stanford superior court this was a case in which the prosecution used cumulative
graphic and gruesome photographs of it
