Even most of the intelligence leading to the yesterday's press conference came from European
police departments or from L. Cater members apprehended abroad and a draft United Nations
report recently found little evidence that US efforts to hold L. Cater financing have
had much impact.
And with the courts, the S. Croft Justice Department's credibility is even lower than with the
public.
Consider the top secret foreign intelligence surveillance court not exactly a hotbed of
liberal sentimentality.
Meeting in a guarded locked room on the highest floor of the Justice Department, this is
the court which in 25 years has never met a wiretap it didn't like.
Its judges routinely consider the most sensitive national security questions and have signed
off on over 10,000 warrants.
So when a secret court publicly kicked John Ascroft and the teeth of the decision reached
last month, it was clear that something was going on.
The court was set up in the aftermath of Watergate and the revelations of FBI abuses in
the 60s and 70s to make sure that the kind of raw intelligence needed for foreign intelligence
would not be abused in criminal investigations or politics.
In fact, the court has not once rejected a national security wiretap application and
has cased by case a prosecutor's.
But when the Bush administration asserted that the US-A Patriot Act allows a wholesale
bluring of the line with criminal investigators directing national security investigations,
the judges went ballistic revealing 75 recent cases in which FBI agents misled the court
a troubling number of inaccurate FBI of the affidavits and repeated violations of the
court's orders.
The judges point, Ascroft and the FBI are not to be trusted with new power when they've
abused the power they already had.
Finally, the court concluded the post-USA Patriot policies proposed by Bush are not reasonably
designed to protect the privacy of law-biting citizens.
Ascroft's spokeswoman Barbara Comstock made much of the fact that these documented abuses
happen on Bill Clinton's watch, but that's precisely the judges point.
The abuse of power transcends particular administrations, so ready is the FBI to lie in order
to distract the limits of legal surveillance that the court now refuses to accept testimony
from the FBI agent in charge of monitoring Hamas.
Blonde is that reviewed by the surveillance court was it was a love letter compared to
the reception of the administration's secret deportation hearings received just a few
days later when another unanimous panel of federal judges, this and appeals court in Cincinnati,
slammed the Justice Department's secret deportation hearings.
Democracies die behind closed doors, wrote Judge Damon Keith for the US Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Court.
Last year, the INS began deportation hearings against Bobby Hadad, head of a Muslim charity
whose assets were frozen after 9-11.
Ascroft had asserted the unilateral rights to close it up to deportation hearings to
the press and public, and asserted challenge by Detroit newspapers and US representative
John Connyers of Michigan.
The ruling by the Sixth Circuit panel could not have been more on ambiguous with a judge's
own sense of urgency and outrage clear from the speed with which the ruling was issued
just three weeks after argument.
The executive branch seeks to uproot people's lives outside the public eye behind a closed
door wrote Judge Keith, who was appointed the public court by Democratic President Jimmy
Carter.
But when government begins closing doors, it selectively controls information that rightly
belongs to the people, selective information is misinformation, he said.
An even broader case on secret immigration proceedings is on the Docket League of this
month in Philadelphia, where a district judge had an all-immigration proceedings nationwide
open to the public in the absence of a good reason for secrecy.
What's going on is that Ascroft's entire post-attack legal strategy, a strategy built on broad
domestic surveillance and a broader secrecy, is collapsing of its own extremity.
It's no exaggeration to say that the nation's federal judges, many of them appointed by
President Reagan and Bush One, are now an open-roving at the measures embraced by the
current Bush administration measures which these judges perceive as a naked power grab
by the executive branch.
Both the surveillance immigration rulings may clear that the Bush administration's
post-911 policies are not just assaults on story-eyed civil libertarianism, they're
undermining public safety.
It's hard to fight terrorism when judges can't believe the Justice Department of the FBI
when police agencies can't develop trusting relations in the immigrant communities because
a fear of deportation or secret charges.
It's hard to avoid the conclusion that far from being a wartime consuliary, Ascroft has
turned out to be a colossal failure even on the administration's own terms, leading the
White House down a succession of blind alleys.
Secret military tribunals, secret deportations and secret wire-type expansion have all
turned into highly publicized failures.
Congress, which last fall rolled over for the USA PayTradect, is finally beginning to
ask questions.
The Proposed Home Line Security Department is frozen in the U.S. Senate, and in the House
with Concent Congressman James Sensen, the conservative Law and Order Chair of the
House Judiciary Committee, says he is ready to start blowing a fuse over the administration's
addiction to secrecy, and I'm session would restoring the imperial executive.
There is ample evidence that Ascroft has lost his White House support.
Recent news reports promoting the anti-terrorism labor of solicitor General Ted Olson suggests
the stage is already being set for a successor.
Religious conservatives want Ascroft's effective clack, now bridled his plans to let the FBI
spy on religious communities and follow their financial trails.
Politically Ascroft is a man without a country, a liability of the Bush administration,
an irration to Congress, and an embarrassment to the conservative constituency which sponsored
them.
It's clear that in the weeks and months after 9-11 Ascroft and the Bush administration
repeatedly misread the tolerance of today's courts and public, in the same New York
talk in which she prophesied new restrictions, Justice O'Connor, the conservative Reagan
appointee, issued a pointed warning, unheeded at the time, of the need to maintain a fair
and just society, with a strong rule of law at the time when many more are concerned with
safety and a measure of vengeance.
A year after Al Qaeda's attacks, the honeymoon with Ascroft's vision of security is over.
Right, SprooShaparro on Salon.com.
Thanks for whoever facts that.
It's 1013 at 560 WDQA-M. Any new numbers?
Uh, no.
VIP Sportsbook.com, that insurance account from it, you're done it.
Sure does, because VIP Sportsbook.com, that Gary Sarner is doing it, by the way, he is doing
it. VIP Sportsbook.com is the only sports work to be endorsed by all the industry watchdogs,
all of them since 1996.
Because he no times news recently, he says you can look, but you won't find a better overall
sportsbook than VIP Sportsbook.com.
But maybe you're looking for more than just a world class book that offers you 24 hour VIP
service and the safety of a leader.
How about this?
How about the highest parliage in the universe up to 2001?
Minimum beth of only five bucks and free withdraws 24 hours a day and a 15% cash bonus
added to your first deposit to boot.
And this isn't some jungle book located like in Sweetwater.
It's Dutch based VIP Sportsbook.com where you're treated with class and your money is
safe.
Sign up online and get you a 15% cash bonus ended your account or call them tool for
free if you like at 866 VIP bets.
Easy to get started and just go to VIP Sportsbook.com and don't forget when you sign up online, you
get you that 15% cash bonus VIP Sportsbook.com where you be the VIP.
5 and a local.
This is 5.50.
The radio is all yours now.
Q and M.
Good Catholic for 15 minutes.
Is that so much to ask?
Are you looking for a new career?
Uh huh.
Do you like D-Dream?
Huh?
Are you able to maintain consciousness through hours of mundane work?
Then get ready for an exciting career in airport security.
Due to recent events airport security people are in demand like never before.
And until the federal government takes over we're looking for special people like you
to make our country feel safe.
Once you're equipped with your own flashlight and walkie-talkie you'll be able to start
right away and it just under $6 an hour.
After 20 minutes of intense training you'll be diligently watching the scanning machine
and you don't even have to know what you're looking for.
Hey, it's like watching television but there's only one channel so I don't have to decide.
Great.
And if you last on the job for more than two weeks you'll get a cool wand to wait for people's
bodies.
Cool.
It's like the lightsaber from Star Wars.
New car, air of your father.
That's so-
Why wait?
Join the world of airport security today.
Like me.
Dude, that was scary.
10, 17 and 5, 60 WQ and we proved that George is a little off his feet today.
You actually facts me from the squirgler.
Yeah.
He facts me that fact, huh?
Right.
The little squirgler, what do you think I read it?
It's about me.
But I didn't read it.
Oh.
Did you rip me down?
I don't care what it did.
I don't think I was always crap counting the facts.
Why do you read facts from nut cases, George?
You see you're still learning.
Just like those calls you take when you do the show, I understand.
You know you're facing them out.
But you definitely, this is not something that needs to be phased out.
You just cut it out.
Just cut it out of your life.
All right.
When you see that writing, just your met cannon.
Consider the source.
Getting uptight and sensitive at your advanced stage.
I think you're a little sensitive.
I thought it was hysterical.
I don't think it's anything because I don't read those facts.
It's from the squirgler.
But anyway, George read it so keep in common.
I should be fired by the way.
I see there you go again.
You're quoting the squirgler.
I'm a liar.
You better be accountable for what you say on the air, Mr. like Mo.
He's accountable.
Anyway, here's the fact that says I was going to give this out and help people get off their ass and vote.
But with what happened yesterday, why even bother?
It was going to give one out.
I rather let my dad grandma, grandmother cast my vote if she hasn't already.
Great show and George was great this summer.
He should have his own show if he learns which fact is to read or not.
Yeah, I think George in the morning would be good.
I think that would be sweet irony.
You know, long toilet stay triggers airplane security.
Sweet.
Here's a good story.
This is funny.
This is great.
A passenger, this is from Berlin.
A passenger who spent a long time in an airplane toilet yesterday or today.
Today.
Prompted a security alert and full search of the Lufthansa plane the airline said.
It was quite amusing.
Lufthansa spokesman Thomas Jack now said it was on the toilet for quite some time.
That was enough reason to alert the federal border police.
The man went to the toilet after the plane landed in Berlin's Tegel Airport from Frankfurt.
Tegel Airport is about the size of the room you're sitting in by the way.
Oh, okay.
His lengthy stay prompted the flight attendant to alert security officials.
He was in there a long time.
The border police detained the man once he had emerged and conducted a thorough search
of the plane which didn't produce anything unusual.
Spokesman Lars Rebels said.
Maybe just an unusual aroma.
Jack now said the incident only occurred because of a heightened security around the
University of 9-11 attacks in the US.
The neighborhood put people up a pitbull's nerves on edge.
He said, thank God it turned out to be nothing.
Well, if he was in a long time, I hope it was more than just nothing.
That's not a good word about it.
Mind me, that story I told you about the guy in the plane on the KLM plane that time.
Right.
In business class kept getting up and he'd go in there for like 15 minutes and he'd come
out and sit in this chair seat and his head was wobbling around like he was a stone
or something.
And he'd go back in there again.
Now when he came out was he all sweaty.
I don't know.
I wasn't that close to him and I didn't want to smell him.
Okay, I don't know.
What does that mean?
Oh, nothing.
Just sometimes if it's really strenuous, you beat up, you get sweat on your back.
Oh, maybe it was a drug thing.
You know, that could be too.
I'll ask you a while.
Maybe he was in there like doing stuff.
I don't know, maybe he was like in there doing himself.
I don't know what he was doing, but he was in there many times for a long time.
28 airport workers arrested in Houston.
Hi!
I'm reloading my St. Pete Times website here.
By the way, I'm reloading that page.
And the blue lines are just sitting there.
It's lovely.
I don't expect anything.
In fact, you know something.
We're going to go through the whole show today and still out having new votes from
Dade or I mean, what's going on in Dade and Broward?
You assholes.
David Leahy and Miriam OlaFant.
SikhaFant.
I'm a what those go 6526 sounds like a familiar number made the same number of
precinct.
We have less than 200 precincts yet to be counted.
All of which I believe are in Dade and Broward.
Maybe still at one in Palm Beach, but that's small potatoes.
Dade and Broward, where Chris Janet was walloping McBride.
I would say 3 to 1.
Well, let's see.
Where do I have it written down?
Broward 64 to 28, which is like well over 2 to 1.
And Dade 69.4 to 21.6, which is more than 3 to 1.
So the fact that McBride's at by 19,000 some odd votes, it's going to be razor tight,
all depending on where those precincts are and how many votes there are containing.
Something, you know.
When you think we have at least an analization of that.
Something.
And I can actually go in there and get you the precinct numbers that remain.
But it doesn't mean anything to me.
We'd have to dig up Ed Cohen's body and bring him back.
Well, Ed, what do you think?
Precinct 301.
I was with a great day as well, with those election night murder coverages.
Man, authorities arrested 28 workers that pushed in their cutting out of their report
on charges of violating federal law and obtaining security badges.
They said, we don't need no stinkin badges.
The US Attorney's Office announced.
The 28 workers are among 143 airport workers
and that it on those charges in august in early september
a west were a west warrants have been issued for those not taking the custody on
monday the attorneys office said
ten of those arrested monday are charged with too-pollety council
project news of a social security number and line to a federal agency
they had applied for an obtained bluer gray airport security badges which
allow the word to access secure areas of the airport
including ramps gates the tarmac in around airplane
no what was it we had the story as to it whether that was my mean for a
lot of the island uh... pomegranate
right after we were saying pomegranate was a lot of problems don't think
uh... we decided they do and of course we have that
pedophile priest in the del Rey Beach today
they got some serious problems there in pomegranate county
how's our own poll doing is the next amazing part of it with our low
technology
and we still have a poor where the numbers actually change hundred and fifty
three votes
if the election for governor being held right now today this moment and you
can actually catch your vote which
well good luck to you film a bright ninety five
jabbo is thirty two neither twenty six so still like about almost exactly three
to one in this crowd
which looks pretty promising to me doesn't it
because when we do the ones about like for president between the judge
george w and the goal in this one that one
uh... you know george we still have a few of the uh... w people out there
although maybe those people are with us today you think
maybe those people are watching wall-to-wall coverage of the ceremonies
there you go let's get patriotic what do you say let's just do the show
see that's my deal let's just do the near-right right now
i know that's revolutionary
and i know we don't want to get just get sucked in and go along with the program
and do it everybody else you know this uh...
it's an orgy of a misery is what it is
all we could do what kids curvy is doing and plan at the what is he doing
plan requeuing for the rappers or something like that
on power ninety six the pucks who are listening to power ninety six they don't
want to hear rec we must for this right they want to hear Mozart if they want
to hear that they do the k a t
and one is at start a k t is not like my name a week from tomorrow
how did you know that's a calendar
oh my god a week from tomorrow
a week from friday
the night and the third day
well that's right the party well
losing track i mean it's you know only the eleven to september it's only nine
eleven
the long and the short of it by Robert Kaiser where was this was in post
well this is what i was talking about yesterday
that i said i'd have to read
and then once i get done with i think that we can play bits of the show and
of course if they're in i'll keep checking believe me this is the one
place that there are any new results on the election you'll hear him right
here
because that's something we can give you that the not the same old craft
that everybody else is doing today which i'm just grossed out by
we've seen all those interviews a million times its tragic it said we've
seen the survivors we've heard their stories we've heard all the songs
god bless america we've seen conny cha cha cha cha
fumbling and fumbling and bumbling around and speak at a fumbling man i'll tell
you don't know what he's got a point zero zero zero
he's he's had it
like trying to resurrect the admiral you know i was very popular and he was a
pioneer in the broadcasting of the news broadcast in the city but he's dead
spoke those baggots too much lung cancer been dead for many many years
and don't you well not dead believe me he is he's a fumble and bummer
crunch and i've been a crunch and but i mean the guys are hundred years old
msnbc is desperate there was a and i still say even a lot of pat Buchanan's
very he's he's besides being a fascist and i'll not see pink he's not a
broadcast you know he fumbles and bubbles about it but at least between him and
bill press it's uh... it's a far better show them when they were on crossbar
on msnbc you haven't seen it i thought once
and you just have happy can insert thing about pomegranate
finally look i know it's old jews up there
you know
filmic brides five ninety six four seventy two janitor you know five seventy
seven three to less than twenty thousand separate the two state wide
and all remaining precincts that have yet to be counted are still mysteriously
in my immediate and and there's still and i don't know what they're doing
maybe that's the site maybe somebody else has it
you think that's the only one i'm looking at okay
if you had any idea how many times i got during the middle of the night
how long i i stayed up to lack of midnight
because i'm being not just to be conscientious but because i'm interested okay
i wanted to see about the gay rights thing which by the way the uh... the
christians lost what a shame although a lot closer than anybody predicted
and that's because of the cuban vote the cuban hate vote
might have gone might have gone it's a you they can't help it
this look at your example they can't help it
it's in his uh... jeans
statewide votes okay let's go on the sunset all that's i made a head of everybody
also why don't it
it's gonna be the same you know something it won't go there
there's a thing that's certainly said it said don't go there now it's still
stuck on the same thing was it six o'clock this morning when i came in here
ninety seven percent
like right forty five percent reno forty three and there are i'd be the dark
is all hell jones twelve percent
and that's it
what do you fact in me now important stuff
just a bunch of crant stuff
neorogious from bread uh... about rickinson's
but i don't know if it's not a separate concerns i came across your website
can you provide any information on the plans for these guys
south Florida misses them
how do you like that yeah
south Florida misses rickinson
well i would agree with that fact we were pushing to get them on the morning
on the show which here would be a big improvement over what we got now
i love this show right you tell him rick
fact he got so excited when i was promoting for them
i went by payas right
i mean i could play all of my drop-ins here you know you ignorant
slight but i guess that's the end of that
but anyway there is no update there were what are do we know what they're doing
no they're just hanging out
oh not not more priest news here i can't have you know more
all more priest is all we get to that and then this thing along the shorter by
Robert Kaiser which of course i'm being very on patriotic by reading these things
but we do have a few people out there who'd rather rather hear some of what's
really going on and the truth as opposed to just waving the flag and singing
god bless america you know
let's think of case met what do you say no
working in which he smells like now
ten twenty seven at five sixty wq i am castaway seafood company knows seafood
if i may be she smells like seafood
they pride themselves on serving you the fresh seafood available fresh
wrist that's never frozen and smells a lot better than Kate Smith prepare
just the way you like it
grilled blackened or broiled signature castaways this is include sesame
seared tuna cracked talk and unbelievable homemade chowders
i do love chowder not gonna get some chowder when i come back
of castaways also features grilled certified angus beef that's with a g
burgers for layman yon or huge humongous gigantic mouthwatering
new york strip castaways offers greatly lunch and early bird specials
early bird specials all right and every Wednesday night is karaoke and ladies
night with three drinks for the ladies
during the castaways tailgate party at the hog fish bar for weekend and
Monday and football specials while you watch your favorite games you know i
miss your rose for many reasons but one of them being
i missed those penetrating interviews with the sport like when you
interviewed brine marina and don't worry how you do with the ladies
the castaways seafood companies that a full bar open seven days we can
locate it on the southwest corner of university driving grip and road in
most prestigious davi if you're looking to cater your next home or office
party castaways will do a spectacular job of that too castaway seafood
company seafood so fresh it'll slap you in the puts
oh
we're supporting you five feet
qa m
or the sucks
shooting hood sports charity
just was hired to drive
there were eight people including me
but only seven would survive
you see one of us would not be alive
i shot the chauffeur blew a hole right through his chest
car by the
i shot the chauffeur
splatted his guts all over my deep
straight
showing my crib off on Valentine's night
the girl was loaded so was that
you know y'all all of a sudden i fired around
and Christopher he hit the ground
you know that little driver he don't follow that
i say to my lawyer i shot the chauffeur and my friends you know they all
lied
i shot the chauffeur yeah they said it was a suicide
yeah but we know what my agent got a call from the NBC
they say they no longer require me i mean can you believe that s**t
they say if it turns out i'm the killer
well they're gonna go out there and hire Dennis Miller
so so now i drive for village villa oh man look out there
don't bitch i shot the chauffeur and i'm facing five to ten
man that is s**t up y'all i shot the chauffeur now starting center for the New Jersey State
camp then that's 34 to 5 60 W. Creme here's a bizarre fact it says it's and it'll
can i ask you a question sure what's wrong with young ron it says Neil is suds the same person
is Ron brewer hey suds are you the same person as uh Ron brewer good ale oh no he's not the same
person as Ron brewer i take that i would take that as an insult if i were suds yeah and we don't
know what they're doing suds i guess is living off of pans in in income and probably watching a
lot of we runs a stard wreck and uh whatever else you like Gilligan x Island and the rick now what
did rick tell us uh he was gonna do he's hanging out he's got an office somewhere in like
rowered county and he was waiting to do the summer show but that didn't work out oh that's right
rick actually was calling around trying to get a hold of me and i didn't return his calls because
naturally that would have been like stabbing you in the back and since already one person did that
oh now you'll be getting another squiggly facts you probably got enough holes in the back even
Julia season ever had as many slits in the back as George's god how's Roger McElan doing by the
no i mean uh rick only was the inquiring because i had mentioned that that it was a possibility
because Greg hates you like poison i was looking to alternatives for uh you felling in
and kind of and low and behold George did that magnificent job we did the poll a couple of days
ago the audience was ecstatic except for that one guy who's a major rassol i hate you like poison
and voted four thousand times i checked the uh numbers again by the way for those who are waiting
on pins and needles about the election returns from date and nothing nothing 6526
that's the number of precincts that have encountered see i can look all over the place but
the bottom line is that the ones that are most updated it comes right from the state anyway so it really
doesn't make any difference so whether it's the sun sentinel or the saint p time the herald
forget about it anyway robert g kaiser writes the long and short of it the war on terrorism began so
well then the focus changed what is the bush administration aiming to do now he asks in a
Washington post this past Sunday he writes amid the hoopla surrounding the anniversary of 9-11
three questions c-map why did the bush administration veer off the course except for itself a
year ago when president bush promised to rally the world to fight a war against terrorism and
did so magnificently but only for a while why has the administration now chosen and neglected
friends as it pursues its enemies or rather the enemy most easily targeted satan Hussein why is
the west voting with a new doctrine of preemptive war so radical that has no precedent in international
law or american history and why hasn't this flirtation provoked our politicians to gnawk
a serious national debate first of all congress we're still too close to these events to see them
clearly but it's not too soon to see that the bush administration's initial surefootedness
has given way to a stumbling comesiness this has been a bad summer for american diplomacy it
isn't easy for the world's leaning power to alarm all of its allies in a matter of months but
this is what the u.s. has done for purposes that remain mysterious the administration has accomplished
this despite a successful beginning of the military campaign set off by the attacks on
new york and washed in a year ago not only did the president rally allies and every kind of
joint and elaborate efficient international coalition but the russian president put in new
september 11 to finally abandon the pretense and russia and america could revive their cold war
rivalry he allied his for his country firmly with the u.s. then with an a to alliance two central
asian republics whose veckistan and kyrgyzstan former parts of the soviet union welcomed us
bases on their territory creating a new geopolitical reality no government on earth openly took the
side of al-Qaeda that first phase was triumphant the anxiety of last fall that somehow american
its allies would be stymied in afghanistan as the soviets were two decades earlier now seem silly
routing al-Qaeda and its protected the taliban regime in kubble proved remarkably easy
watching joyful afghans dancing in the streets was a joyful experience the first phase has cost
more than thirty billion dollars in fifty one american lives but the initial mission was accomplished
no more taliban no more safe haven for al-Qaeda but the campaign stalled in early december when
american commanders decided not to send u.s. troops into the mountains around tora bora and
osama been not in the skate at least that was the conclusion of american intelligence since then
the war hasn't gone very well key al-Qaeda leaders remain at large presumably including been
loud and though he may be dead whether without him our enemy can still operate a new u.n. study
concludes that al-Qaeda is by all accounts fit and well and poised to strike again at its leisure
it is sobering to consider how much we still don't know about al-Qaeda to your men and investigators
have apparently established that the nine eleven plot was hatched in hamburg and a cell led by
hope mohammad at the pilot of one of the planes that the world trade center who was at the superior
unknown who in al-Qaeda's hierarchy helped plan the attack or approved it unknown what was
been loud in this personal role unknown what did the pilots authors hope would be its result
what are their strategic goals if any unknown though been loud in this past comments suggest some
answers such as pushing the pushing the west out of Saudi Arabia he's pushing push in Saudi
Arabia like Jackie Bales know your enemy soldiers like to say but we still have a lot to learn
about al-Qaeda the u.s. government has repeatedly advertised its own ability to penetrate or
understand al-Qaeda by issuing any number of brightly colored lords orange alert today and warnings
that a new attack was imminent those wrong predictions suggest grave deficiencies in American
intelligence a subject are political figures of generally avoided multi-lateralism was critical
for the administration's early successes in the war on terrorism which makes it all the more
surprising that the Bush administration abandoned it so quickly beginning with a December
decision withdraw from the 1972 abm treaty a succession of policy choices revive the
administration's reputation for unilateralism and infuriated old allies why did this happen
the answer begins with the White House itself if we know remarkably the little about al-Qaeda we
should also acknowledge ignorance about many of the inner workings of this administration this
is a secret of American government in eight months in office before 9-11 it took out a public
view a series of decisions that made allies wonder if it cared about their concerns one of those
shortly before 9-11 was to scuttle a long negotiated enforcement protocol of the international
convention on biological weapons ironically now a dead letter as the world gets increasingly
anti about biological weapons the abm treaty decision particularly upset the French and
Germans who consider the fact the foundation of nuclear arms control it was followed in January
by Bush's announcement in his state of the union speech that Iran Iraq North Korea constituted
an axis of evil this infuriated Europeans trying to build bridges to Iran and South Koreans in
Japanese trying to work with North Korea the administration stuck by the term although it
would never explain how these three unconnected nations constitute an axis and alliance of two or
more countries to coordinate their foreign and military policies according to one dictionary
definition but the most important decision that fit our allies anxiety about revive the American
unilateralism was last June's change of course on the Middle East for many years the US and its
allies have different on how to best achieve an Israeli Palestinian peace the US has long been more
sympathetic to Israeli governments than many Europeans have but there was a qualitative change
during last year the context for it was the war on terrorism i guess i better do the breakout
finish it okay so i guess we better do the break
hey guys it's football season and treasure rylan is celebrating with a special football season
kickoff party this Thursday friday and saturday it's specials like you've never seen before from
treasure rylan two for one drink specials from eight to ten a free buffet all day from noon to
midnight one hundred dollar drink tab giveaways and much much more plus i'll be their third day
to kick off the festivities with a special happy hour party from five to seven looking for more
while triple x porn stars though he Britain will be right on stage with her awesome show you have
to see this act to believe it of course all day you can feast your eyes on over fifty gorgeous
dancers on three stages treat yourself to an acre friction dance up close and in your face
unwind and release all your inhibitions so may plans now to be a treasure rylan this weekend
for their football season kickoff party two for one drink specials from eight till ten a free
buffet from noon to midnight one hundred dollar drink tab giveaways and our special happy hour
parties on Thursday from five to seven only at treasure rylan just off the palmetto north of
the one hundred twenty seconds free exit see for yourself why max and magazine voted treasure
island south florida's number one adult club for more info call them at three oh five five five eight
twenty two twenty one we'll see you Thursday starting at five for the best happy hour party in town
exclusively at treasure island please enough talking
when i'm watching basketball on tv one man is annoying me yelling words of thousand to give me
here he is and when someone goes baseline he starts screaming things don't need to leave
screeching like a fancy to give me
to give me to give me to give me to give me
he should shut his pie hole to give me
when the is all count the glare from his head is lining me
when it's time to come from tiki v
everything is art and everyone's ccv
we should keep instruction to give me
thicky V
it
It's a lot of chatter by the way for that.
I think that is a lot of chatter going on between January and November.
We've got some staggering news.
It's 10.46 in the morning.
The polls have been closed since before Jesus was a baby.
They promised us the stories that I read said,
I'm going to get around to it.
They're all hanging out at the Xavier Suarez house.
But here it is 10.46.
There isn't one vote that's changed.
Isn't that enough to infuriate you?
Of course, the more time they let go,
the more hanky-panky they can keep pulling her.
I don't want to sound cynical.
That's a magnificent point.
Anyway, getting back to this story, which is a lot of good questions.
Robert Kaiser's column in Sunday's Washington Post.
He says,
President Bush has said from the outset that the terrorists available
responsible for the 9-level attacks hated America because they hate our freedoms.
But the available evidence doesn't support this explanation.
In Laden's own statements and the personal histories of participants of 9-11 plot
suggest there are more specific reasons for the terrorist hatred.
They include American support for regimes that they detest in the Arab world,
American bases on Arab territory, especially in Saudi Arabia,
and American support for Israel's occupation of Palestinian territory,
and for Israel's military campaign against the Palestinians.
Psychological alienation from modern Western culture,
and radical interpretation of Islam adds spice to this deadly stew.
By ignoring the items on this list and denouncing an enemy that hates us for what we are,
not for what we do and say, or what they think we do,
President Bush has created an all-purpose bad guy who's existence allows him
to sidestep any examination of American policy.
But Al-Qaeda is led by Arabs from the Middle East and is deeply rooted
in Middle Eastern policies and intrigue.
Its grievances, however, irrational, come from there.
The administration acknowledged the Arab connection,
early on, by recognizing a need for improved public diplomacy in the Middle East,
to better explain US policy to Arabs and improve America's image in the region.
But the problem as American specialists in Arabs pointed out went beyond imagery and explanation.
Arabs have real grievances against the US, first of all, connected to the Arab-Israeli conflict.
This past spring, the intensification of violence from suicide bombings
and Israeli retaliations created a Middle East crisis,
Ariel Sharon and his colleagues used the crisis to press their view
that the Palestinians killing Israelis were no different from the Egyptians and Saudis
who flew airplanes in the World Trade Center in Pentagon.
The answer, Amafar, the Palestinian leader, is Arab and Laden Sharon said.
Israel's objective obviously was to persuade America to make Arab fat its enemy too.
The Bush administration initially resisted, but by June,
when Bush declared that Arab fat had to be replaced,
the US had aligned its policy with Sharon's unverturally all operational questions.
The administration continued to say a favorite early creation of a Palestinian state,
and opposed Israeli settlements in the occupied territory,
but this rhetoric had no visible effect on Sharon,
who has demonstrated no interest in a compromise with the Palestinians.
Judging by the public statements and public commentaries of Arab officials and analysts,
they now see no significant difference between Bush and Sharon on the Palestinian issue.
Bin Laden himself has written the script so it suits the goal of dividing the US from the Arab world,
including the Arab states that we've long considered our friends.
Potentially the most significant act of American unilateralism this year was President Bush's declaration
at West Point in June that the US would reserve the right to act preemptively against groups or nations with terrorist intentions.
The war on terror will not be won on the defensive,
we must take the battle to the enemy, disrupt its plans,
and confront the worst threats before they emerge.
This is the only path of safety, this is the path of action, and this nation will act, he said.
Thus began a summer of talk about preemptive war against Iraq.
Israeli Zintoni Blair, Britain showed some sympathy for the idea,
but dozens of other international leaders expressed doubts.
So remarkably, did a long list of senior Americans who had served in the earlier administrations,
including George Herbert Walker, Bush's two secretaries of state, James Baker, the Third Line Lawrence Eagleberger,
and his national security adviser Brent Scowcroft.
Their unusual public statements were evidence of profound disquiet and the upper reaches of the American establishment
where the idea of a unilateral preemptive war caused deep alarm.
Last week, the ground began to shift somewhat.
Bush said he would make a speech on Iraq to the UN and would consult with the other permanent members of the Security Council.
He promised to wise Congress to approve any military action,
there was lawyers that argued earlier that such approval wasn't necessary.
He also promised to build a case against the Iraq and public, which politicians in both parties said he had to do.
But all of this had the flavor of, after the fact cosmetics, Bush gave no hint he was prepared to change his mind
about forcing regime change in Iraq.
What is the purpose of poking an American finger in the eye of just about every country in the world?
What does the administration hope to gain by emphasizing unilateral options from declaring war with our Congress
to telling other nations to sign up or get out of the way,
does such bullying ever pay off in politics, domestic or international?
In a democracy voters want to participate.
In a community of nations, governments want to participate.
The issue was in whether or not to fight terrorism, a new poll of Americans and Europeans released last week showed strong support
from military action against terrorists.
But the same poll showed equally strong sentiment,
and any such action should be taken in concert with allies and with the support of the UN.
The Americans questioned this poll demonstrated a lack of enthusiasm for this administration's foreign policies,
a warning in an election year, only 20% of Americans favored invading Iraq without the support of our allies and the UN as well.
On question after question, large majorities prefer acting with allies to acting alone.
But public opinion hasn't even affected because the country hasn't had a debate about its global status.
The US became the only great power dozen years ago, but we've never really come front of the implication of this fact.
Our political classes largely taken a buy on the biggest question of our time.
How should the US relate to other countries and international institutions on what terms should we engage with the rest of the world?
And what kind of armed forces and what sort of diplomacy has preemptive war become acceptable?
The attacks of 9.11 announced they profound change in the world.
They set us on a new course, but our politicians have let us down by failing to engage the country in a great discussion of the huge questions we face.
When we mark the anniversary of horror which we're doing today, we still won't know where we are going or why.
Right, Robert Kaiser?
I think he's got a point here. Do we know where we're going?
No, no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No
No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No
No. Look here. OL is going to be on a
se meinemold.
And I look at my computer there.
Right. we're done
So in the same damn thing.
Someday can drive
away from
recordings as
him his story on before.
Arrayan yesterday in Detroit's 36th District Court.
Oshewski stood mute in court where he appeared in the street clothes and went out of
a pre-scaler that Detroit FreePair has reported on his website.
He was released on a $10,000 personal bond and then I was scheduled to appear for a preliminary
examination September 22.
Oshewski's attorney, S. Allen Early, said the accusations against his client are false.
He emphatically states that his innocent of these charges early said, father is totally
shocked about these allegations.
Oshewski who stepped down from his Florida parish is accused of abusing Albert Green,
a former Detroit resident who now lives in Washington.
Green, now 44, ledges that elected Oshewski molested him in Detroit rectumries and on trips
out of state to Las Vegas, San Francisco and Disney World.
Tim Cosnoff on a green's lawyer said Oshewski served as Green's foster parent in the late
1960s when Green's mother became ill.
Albert is one of the most grievously damaged child sex abuse survivors that I've ever encountered
and I've dealt with hundreds of them in Cosnoff has said.
Oshewski is one of four men charged August 27 with criminal sexual conduct under a
provision in Michigan's statute of limitations, the priest alleging his conduct dated from
the 1960s to the 1980s.
At least 30 Catholic priests in Michigan have been removed, suspended or have left their
duty since January, one among those sexual abuse, etc. and so on.
How do you like that?
Every single day we get either updates on old ones or brand new ones like that one in
Delray Beach, we had yesterday on the beach.
On the beach.
Meeting young boys on the beach for our fun and games.
For a blow job is basically what a boil down to.
That's what it was.
Oral is moral.
Let me take a look at that thing again.
Well, I mean, I don't know about you, but it's just a little bit frustrating to me.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
A little bit frustrating.
I'm trying to get the audience out there and myself some updated numbers on here so
we can see what else going on here.
And instead they got the oxygen out in Dayton Broward and they're trying to revive the
guy damn bodies that they dug up this morning.
So those bastards can make a mark on a ballot or do something.
Or maybe they're just having a tough time getting the list of names of those people out
again.
You know, the dead people?
They should have saved them from last time.
Well, they were trying to, but there was a little bit of investigation.
Maybe they had to lock them away in a lock box somewhere.
Maybe they're trying to find out who's got the key to the lock box.
I still say, go to Xavier Suarez's house.
Guaranteed.
He's probably got several copies.
1056 at 560.
Nobody come.
We got the mad dog in one hand.
He could treat 635.
You got your Marlins on deck.
Would they end that already?
That Marlin crap, Jesus.
Why don't you guys just stop already?
And by the way, we don't want to hear all you dumb jocks pontificating about how horribly
the attack was last year.
We know how horrible it was.
Okay.
We know.
Marlins in the Philly 710 tonight, Eddie K after the baseball game, and you'll mark overnight.
The dirty boys.
Hey, listen, if you want to start losing some weight, the beast says he's going to get on
a scale Friday or nearly does it on Thursday, but he's not going to be there tomorrow, right?
Right.
What's he going to be doing tomorrow?
Don't know.
Probably some harry cool stuff wouldn't surprise me.
But at any rate, I'm afraid the beast gets on a scale.
He lost 53 pounds in last count.
I guarantee you.
I give Georgia's personal guarantee that he's got at least 55, well, on a way to 60 pounds.
I was just thinking about this last night when he gets to the 100 pound lost mark, we're
going to have a gigantic party.
We're going to have like, of course, he won't be able to eat any of it, but we're going
to have like a big feast and force him to sit and watch.
You can lose all the way to like he's done with balance for life.
That's how he's doing it.
The no problem weight loss program.
No problems because you don't have any decisions to make other than just fill out that little
menu they send you for every day.
You have two choices for every meal.
That's it.
You don't have to count calories.
You don't have to count carbohydrates.
You don't have to walk up and down the aisles in the supermarket with your shopping cart,
wondering what the hell can I eat and still lose weight because they bring you that little
black sack every morning is dependable as the weather in the South Florida.
And inside that black sack are three delicious gourmet meals made with the best ingredients
you'll find anywhere, two delicious snacks and little bottle of water as well.
So get with the real weight loss program.
Not some drastic or crazy diet regimen.
Something that will really watch, hopefully you'll watch the weight just fly off your body.
Let balance for life take care of you by calling them at 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229 or get more info on their website if you like it.
Balance for life.com.
Live in local.
We are sports radio 560.
You and you and you and you.
Fred, be very happy.
I'm a new club.
I'm a key embroidering goal.
A sure and full.
I wear it everywhere.
I go round the other A.D.A.
to sit out.
I want to say.
Don't be true to your show.
I'm a star.
I'm a star.
I'm a star.
I'm a star.
I'm a star.
I'm a star.
I'm a star.
I'm a star.
I'm a star.
I'm a star.
I'm a star.
I'm a star.
I'm a star.
I'm a star.
I'm a star.
I'm a star.
I'm a star.
I'll be ready to pray I'll be steady now my girlfriend's at the altar is acquired now she'll be singing away
Be true to your show
I'll try my best
Let your house and stay
I'll try my best
Be true to your show
I'll try my best
Be true to your show
I'll try my best
Be true to your show
Be true to your show
I'll try my best
Be true to your show
I'll try my best
Be true to your show
I'll try my best
Be true to your show
Be true to your show
Be true to your show
I'll try my best
Be true to your show
Be true to your show
I'll try my best
Be true to your show
Be true to your show
Be true to your show
Be true to your show
One family has captured the imagination of all of America.
It's El Cata in the family.
The feelings of the insides,
non-believers go to hell,
living in the cave that smells.
See you on the day.
Osama bin Laden's favorite son,
Ta'ad, is taking over the family business.
Funny business, that is.
Ah!
Oh, shut up, even you think that.
And where is that no good meat,
turban son of mine?
Hey, you cold pup.
El Cata in the family.
It's like something you've seen before.
Oh, boy.
Some of mom's got ribs.
What are you going to do?
Eat the great Satan's and death.
Hey, hey.
Um, no pup.
Uh, just build up my strength for the jihad.
Oh, jeez.
Stop building up and stop blowing up there.
When the son of a jackal gets his son of his own,
he'll larity ensues on El Cata in the family.
Only on Al Jazeera TV land.
All right, our final segment with well-famous binocook.
Let's go to Eile in Melrose Park.
Go ahead, Eile.
Yeah, binoc, hey, what's your take on him, hurry, king?
Well, well, they could pose a threat this season.
Yeah.
If they're strong enough, they could have the potential to blow to blow your house down.
I think you, man, college, stay in being home.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I think you're right.
But they'll be wearing panties under their uniforms this season.
But other than that, I don't know.
I just think I forgot.
Spiking and efficiency.
You're up with binocahead.
Good, good, yeah, yeah.
Fine, fine.
That's good, binocahead.
Oh, I want to know what your take is on the Rose Bowl,
Art Bowl, Finger Bowl, Toilet Bowl, and a Fiesta Bowl.
A-ah!
A-ah, a mino.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm sorry.
I just fell down.
And this phone gets heavy, you know.
He wants to know about the Fiesta Bowl.
Well, you know, I had a Fiesta, yeah, yeah.
An old-smobile, yeah, yeah.
Body, a body new in 53.
Had a clock in the steering wheel, yeah.
Spiking, trailer, pocket, stays, hereup with binocahead.
Hey, binocahead.
Binocahead.
Yeah, yeah, that's super much, much too cold.
Hey, binocahead.
You think my last plane around on me, because I prefer Sparta?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Of course, you know, you know, my wife went down on many men
until she eventually went down on the Titanic.
Yeah, yeah.
That was a swing cruise, you know.
That ain't how I acted, binocahead.
Oh, you're right.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, I'm just stupid when it comes to that, you know.
I just don't know, yeah, yeah.
Thanks, binocahead.
Oh, you're right.
I could never, it's just, you know, I have these azaleas blooming out my ass.
Gee, thanks for being nice to me today, mo.
Hey, don't mention it, Goldie.
You're not going to get raped again today, I am old.
Yeah, you know why?
Why is that, mo?
Because rape's not funny, but I ain't going to be a mean man no more.
If they think that's funny, it's fine by me.
Wow, you really changed your way.
Ah, if I get about it, I'm turning over all new fig nutan leaves.
You have a nice day of power and nice, my cuttly friend.
Hey, mo, look out for that truck!
Ah, look out, look out, look out, look out!
Mo look like a shapeless pile of gold.
Ew, ew.
Does your mind respect high-sourish you?
I wasn't even told before that bastard boosted my shoe.
I don't want to say I'm glad outside of being a messy old shmuck, he wasn't bad.
It's a mahala.
Oh, how is David dead?
Oh, how is David dead?
But his weakness is all how is David dead?
But his weakness is all how is David dead?
But his weakness is all how is David dead?
And now it's the continuing episodes of Bieber and Butthead.
That's cool.
Look, I'm stroking my wieners.
Yeah, I know that feeling.
Ah, I bet you feel pretty good, I'll be.
Oh sure.
Tune in next episode when Butthead hangs out with Bieber's mom.
Did you fart?
Yes, I did.
That was nice too.
Uh-huh.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Here's your brand, honey.
When again?
It tastes so crappy.
You know, I'd give my immortal soul
for a brand that tastes good.
I heard that.
The Algebra, Lord of the Underworld!
What are you doing here?
I heard you're not eating your fiber, Bob.
Perhaps you'd like to try a new Bealza brand.
What's so great about Bealza brand?
Well, one bowl of Bealza brand
has all the fiber you'll need to keep regular.
But the best part is it tastes great. Wow! Besides, if you don't eat your fiber, your bottles will clog with running meat.
Your intestines will flow with transistors and bloodshed from the image.
Okay, okay, I get the points. So I'll eat my brand. There's a good fellow.
Thanks, O Desolate One. There's no problem. And now about your immortal soul, Bob.
Fiel's a brother. I'm just kidding. Fiel's a brand.
Because good health shouldn't cost you your soul.
Oh, the peanut butter left some on it. But that's the reason it's left some on it.
And that's the reason it's left some on it. And that's the reason it's left some on it.
My past body is rather break in this way. My power is losing control.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Oh, Mark, oh, man, you're in the color of your neck You can see by two mountains yellow and mortality See, here's how it feels.
information that we got as weak as it is on the election.
It looks like it makes some numbers up if you like, but we ain't got nothing.
Nothing new.
The bride is still about 19,000 votes ahead.
The gay rights, the feet, not going to happen today counting nothing to feed for those
born again Christians.
There's good moralists.
But it was a closer than it should have been.
Thanks, of course, in large part almost entirely to the Cubans.
Like Amy Schaefer would say, it was Cubans.
So you better get your act together, okay?
All you Cubans was out there, including George.
What?
Like I said, 12 minutes after 11.
So like I said, the first two hours we did the usual stuff and now from now we'll
want to clock, we'll play bits.
Excellent.
My feeling is call me crazy because I was even chuckling during that.
But if I can give people a few chuckles today, that'll be a public service.
I'm not going to, there's nothing we can do on a show.
First of all, we couldn't even take calls if we wanted to because we're a technical
joke.
We couldn't take phone calls.
Secondly, I don't want to hear anybody other asshole calling.
Oh God, what's America?
I don't want to hear that.
And thirdly, what are we going to add that you can't get on NBC or CBS or see this thing
that you faxed me about which I'll use tomorrow?
The best memorial is genuine freedom.
Yes.
And after World War II, after Pearl Harbor, you were later they didn't celebrate.
See, the reason that we have to have this stuff now is because of the 24 hour news network.
That's why we've got it.
You do understand that they've reshaped the way everything happened?
Of course.
For their convenience.
They've got to have some events to cover.
So we've got events.
Hey, speaking of an event, how about that crappy job you're working on right now that you're
very dissatisfied with.
You don't even have two nickels to rub together.
If you want to start making some real money in the computer business, here's the way to do
it.
You heard me tell you about the large number of great jobs that are out there waiting
for you.
How do you get there?
How do you find a school that will train you for it?
Well, there's only once to Penn to school.
It's got four convenient locations all over Dayton, Broward.
One, it's got certified Microsoft instructors convenient day evening and weekend classes.
There's one school that's got full-time job placement department over 30 years experience
with a school that can complete your program, get certified in just four short months.
It's hands-on training and that, of course, we're talking about fast train.
Todd Wreckle tell you all about it.
In fact, what we're going to start doing when we do the spot from now on, we'll give
their number and we'll give his home number, too.
And his cell phone number and his bookies number as well.
That's right.
You've heard us talk for a long time for a couple of years now about fast train.
Stop listening and start doing.
Get off your butt, pick up the phone and call fast train and get yourself under
a real career and a really fat, big paycheck.
Call fast train 1-866 fast train.
That's 1-866 fast train or check them out on the web at fast train.com.
Yeah, is this a newspaper?
Yes.
I would like to run an ad.
Okay, yeah.
For tomorrow's paper.
Ah, it's possible.
It's possible.
Maybe you'd be interested.
Maybe.
Okay.
Yeah.
Well, I'm thinking of my nuts on your chin.
You what?
I'm thinking of my nuts on your chin.
Your nuts on my chin.
Yeah, that's right.
Huh.
Interesting ad.
Is it an advertisement?
Yeah.
Yeah.
My nuts on your chin.
Any interest?
Yeah.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mine nuts on your chin?
Interesting.
What's the reference to?
Mine nuts on your chin.
You're nuts on my chin, I can't.
Well, nuts.
I got a nut farm.
No way.
I don't know.
It's a...
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm trying to find my radio on the other day and cut Uncle Neil's program, whatever it was.
And it is the silliest thing I've ever heard in my life.
If the children were around, it's horrifying.
I'm surprised.
It's a producer.
You let that go on the air.
I've heard other complaints about it, even from the... from the health there.
I wish it rectified that and do something about it.
No need to be taken.
God's name is vain.
Let them.
And the...
It's gratifying women.
No.
Well, how about you?
We need to check that out.
Thank you very much.
Like would be so very hot.
If I were a bumble-bloch, this one women do a lot.
Who presents a panty spot?
They get fancy and they pitch.
When they have the theory it's...
Who stops gushing out the splot?
They slide in a bumble-bloch.
Shots in women speak in touch.
Not for me, I don't like that.
Long as they are not too wide.
I feel comfortable inside.
Loopy up the slide we in.
In that sometimes the sea begins.
What I'd like to be a nut is to be a bumble-bloch.
A ram.
Like me it's rolling out.
What's out low?
Is it between your eyes now?
There's no me in the hole.
What I do to pleasure you.
But I buy praise inside your tomb.
But I would shout aloud like cock.
Because I'm a dude, a dude, a dude.
You'll find I'm a perfect fit.
And I'd like to take a good look.
And presents like these pants.
But I buy water up on my class.
I heard a commercial on your station.
Yesterday about one o'clock in the afternoon.
Something about a voice would speak out if someone approaches your automobile.
And a voice of a big black something or other would come out and say,
get away from my automobile or you're too close to my automobile.
You big MF.
I object seriously to a profanity like that on the radio.
And I object to the profanity and that type of advertising.
I believe in free speech, but that's too far.
If I don't hear with ovens to this complaint from you,
I will send a letter to the Federal Communications Commission.
Because no kind of language is certainly not acceptable on public radio.
It might be alright between individuals, but not on the radio.
You can call me back on Mr. Eisen, the EIS-EN.
Thank you.
Car theft is on the rocks.
In America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds.
What can you do to protect your car?
An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen.
The club won't protect the valuables inside your car.
But a big black guy named Ben can.
Get away from the car, mother f**k.
For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system,
and even less than you'd pay for the club,
you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile.
Get away from the car, mother f**k.
It's simple to use.
Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out.
And he does the rest.
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them.
Get away from the car, mother f**k.
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although he really doesn't say much.
Get away from the car, mother f**k.
That's about it.
I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with.
It got him to protect my car.
It's the best investment I've ever made.
My name is it isn't that great.
There have been a lot of car thefts.
I can't tell you how many times I've heard you'd away from the car, mother f**k.
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben, protecting my car,
let's me sleep better at night.
Call now, 1-800-1-Big-Guy.
That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-I.
And instead of hearing this...
You'll hear this.
Get away from the car, mother f**k.
Oh, Jeff Rimmal.
It's old Jeff Rimmal.
The pups must be flying.
Calls now the show is silent.
We just got rolling.
And now all the colors are gone.
Hey, let me ask you something.
Did you know what's fall?
Yeah, it's that time you really got to clean up the neighborhood.
You know what I'm saying?
Heh heh heh. Sure you do.
You got leaves piling up and sometimes, hey, you got something bigger than leaves you got to get rid of.
That's when you need sopranos, leaf and body bags.
From the same family that made its name from Holland trash, rats and stool pigeons all over Jersey.
Okay, throw me in there, but he got it.
Hey, these industrial spend bags is 30 to hold anything from leaf to limbs.
And ain't, not for none, ain't talking about trellage, you know?
Heh heh heh.
Best of all, sopranos, leaf and body bags, they're not only leaked through, they're completely self-proved.
Well, almost, hey, Foley, give me that shovel of me.
Anyways, like I was saying, you had a problem?
We got a solution.
sopranos, leaf and body, big.
The bag that'll make yard work around your house, a real hit.
Hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it again.
This Sunday, all the sopranos.
So what, no f***ing deal?
Hey!
Well, mate.
It's not my f***ing deal.
It's just his ass.
Here comes the prosack.
You want to take the lips over the tits.
Tuttle f***ing goop.
You know, motherf***ing.
You've got a real f***ing attitude problem.
But you take me in the f***ing head.
The words that come blowing out your race.
Pretty sure, I'm getting it, Shelby.
There's two things I'm good at.
It's full of vents and sputting good f***ing jobs.
I might not be able to wipe my own ass.
You know that.
You're born to these f***ing.
I'm a babbling idiot.
Can you just shut the f*** up without us?
Stick it up your ass.
I would touch like f***ing off.
Get yourself under the vaporizer.
You're stupid motherf***ing, you know that?
You f***ing piece of s***.
Oh, man, please.
Don't start with the main business.
What the f*** is your problem?
Or the f***ing audience with the pope?
I bet you're very good to your mother.
F*** you!
F*** what?
You f*** you.
Are you f***ing calling me?
Don't f***ing day, huh?
It's nothing but a bracket for the Jews.
Yeah, it's Christ.
How you doing?
F***ing no thing.
Eat your money, God.
I can't eat, Dad.
It's got cholesterol.
Can I just get some macaroni and gravy?
You f*** you.
You f*** you.
You f*** me.
I don't like that kind of talk.
Anybody else want a mouth off?
F*** this.
I'm going to bokeh.
I think I'm finally inspired to start watching this.
I'm not sure, you know.
I know you're not.
I might be.
I might have put me over the edge.
287 votes on our poll.
By the way, any new results on the election?
No.
No.
I'm just, it's almost noon.
Why am I so stupid?
You know, why am I so naive and believe in that something is going to happen on that?
I'm going to sit here glued to this till 1 o'clock.
Nothing is going to change.
Nothing is going to happen.
They're like, you know, they're still trying to revive the dead people just long enough to put their finger on it.
287 votes on our poll.
If the election for governor were being held today, who would you vote for?
Phil McBride, 175, 61% for Billy.
Oh!
Who's got that slim lead against old Janet, shaky old Janet?
Oh, yeah, 175 from McBride.
57 for Jim Bush.
That's a little more than 3 to 1, you know that?
And neither one of 55.
55 people who are disgusted with a whole damn thing.
And after yesterday, who the hell can blame them?
A display of an aptitude seldom seen in the history of the subhuman race.
26 past 11 and 560 WDQA.
And if you want to feed your best here's a product that certainly can help you do it.
Oliomed.
Oliomed is a soft gel capsule that contains all kinds of good stuff in there.
Pharmaceutical grade, olive oil number one, combined with vitamins and minerals and herbals to promote healthier prostate.
Your heart, like I said, your blood pressure or cholesterol.
They've got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system, your digestive, your endocrine system, your skin, your bones, even your mind.
And all using the benefits of super olive oil the best of money can buy.
Of course, for centuries, man's known that olive oil is some pretty damn good stuff.
And Oliomed makes products for men and women as well.
Oliomed is available all over town, picks them up today while you're thinking about it.
At Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro Pharmacy in Sedanos and start poppin' it.
And of course, if you want to get more information about it, just call their tool free number.
And they'll explain to you like in detail what Oliomed does.
By the way, how's my friend Skippy doing?
Nice job, Skippy.
Call 1-866 Oliomed.
That's 1-866 Oliomed or check them out on the web if you like it.
OliomedAmerica.com.
My life and love.
This is 425-60.
You weigh it, you weigh it.
Run.
Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rambo Forward 5.
How are you?
John, Rambo's still alive.
I wanna make movies for him 5.
My life and going great plan to Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's when I heard my penis and it never ever grew.
Rambo 2 was in 85 late.
Rambo 3 was in 88.
Sure, it's in 1.
And 2 is my gun.
I did not make this movie with my son.
It was in 5 and daylight, the tunnel movie.
A little bit of cash is what I need.
I gotta get a load from the power of creed.
I gotta have another movie.
Or a Broadway show like Della Hien.
I guess nobody ever saw Kaplan.
It was still good.
I guess I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
All I got left is Jennifer Flavian.
Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambo Forward 5.
Check it out.
So call me up.
I really need a script.
I can do dialogue or keep it zipped.
I like comedy.
Action.
Adventure and drama.
The only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama.
So give me a break for goodness sake.
I used to be an Oprah and I can't get on Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one man showin' full Pepsi.
Basically I'm a lot of boy Gypsy.
A little bit of cash is what I need.
I gotta get a load from the power of creed.
I gotta have another movie.
Or a Broadway show like Della Hien.
I guess nobody ever saw Kaplan.
It was stupid.
So I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
All I got left is Jennifer Flavian.
That's why ladies and gentlemen,
I need to make Rambo Forward 5.
But I'm a Hollywood.
Absolutely.
We got one more precinct.
Oi!
Oi!
The way I move around when I go to,
I cause I'm a movement number two.
I'm the toilet seat, I swing and swing.
Do the mamba beat the radio play.
So I'm going out on road and I'm all cool.
So just one thing I gotta do.
A little bit of tape for the show like me.
So I can make my high knee nice and clean.
Welcome.
I don't have to push, I'm in control.
When I move inside the side of the toilet bowl,
I never have to spray, it comes out whole.
It looks a little like a to see roll.
I just wait through the left, it's way to the right.
From King's ring, King can tell you why.
Not only are you burning calories,
but you never ever get a big red ring.
That's why big black guys,
who can't use the exercise.
You have some fun when they hit the bomb mode,
open number two.
Hey look at me, Alan, I'm doing the mamba.
Come on, George.
I'm going to go where we're going.
He's cut off and stuck it.
I'll cut off, cut off.
Don't go to bed if you're putting that gun to her head.
No, no, don't do it.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
Don't do the crime if you're not good at lying.
No, no.
Don't do it.
When there's no alibi's,
you can blame everything on the parrot.
Play the arm, the white bird.
Hope that bird don't flow,
your cover no, no, no.
Stoppins, have a board,
I don't even think that play is crucial.
Packs are at an eye for nation.
That means from my vantage point,
they're shaped like a letter I.
It's kind of like the June tale advances.
That has got to be the most fricking,
frackest stupidest thing I ever heard.
First and the secondary,
and tightly, the outcome of this game is invariably contingent on how adroitly they do put the thing in the thing.
Are you watching the sink and I'm watching the June tale?
So now it's time for a transcendent mid-game interview.
So, Binky, are you happy?
I hate no big cue in the game,
and I had it up to here with your show.
Hope that.
All right, sportsman,
dolphins, are in a critical situation.
They need this field goal,
if they expect to win this game.
And they're going to die mouth.
So, let's go to the fold, shall we?
Fast, steady and galleously.
What do you know?
What do you say?
You're great game hounders.
Thank you.
When you take them to Orleans.
Well, if you ask me.
And do you mind if we call the game here?
Why, or what happens?
If they missed the field goal,
go to the world.
Let's go to our sideline, report him.
Take it away, Gildi.
At the ball.
Is this pressure-painted gold coasting that sucks?
And it does sound down.
What is the pain?
That's the cue.
That's the cue, how it is.
I, I, I had about all I can take of this.
What are you talking about?
Sit down and shut up.
You see this hand?
Yeah.
I'm going to take this hand and brush your head like a peanut.
You want me to kiss your ass?
I don't kiss nobody.
You get your head, talk me up.
You're not going to fight me.
You're almost everywhere in the moment.
There's some reference to how you fight.
I guess that's just a coincidence.
And by the way, we got one more precinct like I blurred it out.
Aren't you excited?
Uh-huh.
That's right by, uh, let's see, December 14th, 2004.
We'll know who he is going to run against.
You have boys.
Now, I hope, I hope that not hallucinating.
Wasn't the number 6526 that I kept going?
6526.
Right.
Now it's 6527.
Oh, right.
Yeah, it's all to be got one more.
So, and I, I didn't bother looking enough because I don't want to get distracted here and get like off, uh, off the whole deal.
But, uh, I have a feeling that's that last precinct from Palm Beach.
I know it's not from Dave.
Because there's no change in the date numbers.
And it could be from Barbara, but I have a feeling it's the last one in Palm Beach.
They finally got that last one counted.
And Dave and, uh, still nothing.
Still, they latent 70,000 votes.
You're right.
So, the actual total, Bill McBride, 596-551.
596,000, 551.
And Janet, she be having 577, 437 for Burtral, Janet.
So, there's a difference of 19,114 that McBride's ahead.
You got that?
Got it.
19,114.
And the tension is building.
You could like cut it with your toenail.
We'll have another precinct before the day is out.
22 noon at 560 WDQM VIP Sportsbook.com is a name that ought to ring a lot of bells.
Can you ring me a bell?
Because VIP, there you go.
That's the one.
The only sportsbook endorsed by all the industry watchers group since 1996.
We got a copy crisis, by the way.
Of course, on this day, on the anniversary of 9-11, nobody's going to pay any attention to that, are they?
No.
On a solemn day like this.
Did they pay attention to what you're yesterday?
No.
No, because yesterday was the day leading up to this.
The casino Times News recent issue says you can look what you just won't find
a better sportsbook than VIP Sportsbook.com.
How'd you enjoy hearing any again, by the way?
Always takes me back.
But maybe you're looking for more than just a world-class book that offers you 24-hour VIP service and the safety of a leader.
How about the highest parlay odds you're going to find anywhere's up to 2001,
minimum bets of only five bucks, and free bets for us 24 hours a day,
and a 15% cash bonus added to your first deposit.
And this isn't some jungle book located like in the South, the little Havana.
This is DustBasedVIP Sportsbook.com, where you're treated with class and your money is safe.
Sign up online and get you a 15% cash bonus added to your account or column toll free.
If you like, add 1-866 VIP bets.
That's 1-866 VIP VETS.
Easy to get started just hop online.
Go to VIPsportsbook.com and don't forget when you sign up online.
You get yourself that 15% cash bonus.
Via winner at VIPsportsbook.com or you are the VIP.
My name is VV.
My name is VV.
My name is VV.
My name is VV.
In toy stores now, from the makers of Tickle Me Elmo.
It's the all new Take That Thing Out of Me Elmo.
Mom, Elmo's taking my temperature with his hands.
The new Take That Thing Out of Me Elmo and coming soon, the vibrating Elmo.
Mom, I think I'm falling in love with Elmo.
In toy stores now.
Wow, wow.
Hey, not faded.
You've been down a while and it's nothing but missing me.
Not faded.
If it stays where it's at, you've got to find more that's ain't gonna be.
The market's just a bear in these.
I've been saying it's back on rev on you.
I'm gonna say to find stronger, less you.
You've turned the market faded and recovery is overdue.
I'm a agent.
My current memories pretty soon, they'll put depends on me.
So agent, I can no longer be cause you see my prostate went on me.
But still I think I'm 23.
I'm outdated, I found 82.
And I've got to keep my deep hand with you.
Yeah, I'm so aged, but I can still keep rocking you.
Man, my car is so dirty and I've got to meet an important client this evening.
Well, just take it to a car wash.
You know, I don't really like to because those machines, they scratch the paint job.
I'm not talking about any car wash.
I'm talking about sparkle clean.
So only place in town to get a hand job.
They give hand jobs there?
Not any hand job, but the best hand job in town.
And it's all done while you wait.
I love a good hand job.
Then you'll love sparkle.
With every five hand job, you get a free lubing.
So when you need to feel like a million bucks, get a lubing hand job from sparkle clean.
We are the best.
Oh, yeah, you are.
You're the best.
I do think you can wash the car too.
It's going to be too soon.
Where are you?
We got the worst in the town.
Hey, school, pick up the beat.
Pick up the beat.
Pick up the beat.
It's not the same car as you now.
It's not the same car as you now.
Okay, school, let's get with it.
Looks like we've got another mystery on it.
We'll screw that.
We'll take the girl this way.
Yeah, I know.
And school me a meal.
Go the other way.
Oh, school, school.
Hey, school, we found the school.
There's a school, we found the school.
Yeah, that's it.
Let's go.
I think it's girlbeat.
I think it's girlbeat.
I think it's girlbeat.
Girlbeat, guys, really.
I think it's girlbeat.
I think it's girlbeat.
You sure?
I'm wondering if you could say it again.
Girlbeat, guys, really.
This is a girlbeat dance floor, isn't it?
There's no one.
Yeah.
Why don't you try dancing on it instead of my beat?
Oh, no.
It's true.
It's true.
Oh, it's not me.
It's true.
Oh, it's not me.
It's true.
Oh, it's not me.
It's true.
Oh, it's not me.
It's true.
It's not me.
Oh, and now we are moving to troll.
Just stand on the floor.
Hey.
Hey, Scooby.
I found the cyber phone.
Shaggy, get a hold of yourself.
Come on, Shag.
Let's dance.
Let's go.
Wait a minute.
I think I found the clue.
Why can't I think I'll get a hand-made or not?
Crazy boy.
Not even a movie.
We're almost out.
Shaggy.
Go, Scooby, go.
You know we got a mystery.
It's time for Scooby to come here.
You made all your act.
Don't roll back.
It's Scooby, do it.
You come through your phone.
I had it time for Scooby.
Yeah.
Scooby, say it.
Hey, Scooby, pick up the beat.
I'm thinking this mystery is pretty close to being solved.
Scooby, get tried.
That's gonna be maybe the sixth?
Nice.
That's all.
Scooby,IT TRY!
That's gonna be exactly the sixth.
I think it's roman.
Rover, we die, Rover, we die, Rover, we die.
Ger brass, we are range, we are now.
Oh no, that's me, we are range.
We are range, we are now.
Scooby, go.
Forward, you are react, you are.
Move, we are now.
Scooby, finish playing the Pete show.
Drop, take your gun!
Troys, they get angry!
Troys, they get angry!
Troys, they get angry!
Troys, they get angry!
You're not big, I'm crazy!
For what I'm about to say!
But the modules just in the NFL
All stuff they're mocking!
For just have my crudies
With slow and thirsty young
And try not to make it helpless
For dread, terror, gun, and bond
And you may see
I have no thought
But it's been to me right all
This is what makes them even
And I am never the man's boss
Who?
It's what those jobs do face and throw
They're all bad reasons
They're all bad reasons
Troys, they get angry!
Troys, they get angry!
Oh, they get angry!
Troys, they get angry!
Troys, they get angry!
Troys, they get angry!
Troys, they get angry!
They get angry!
Welcome back to the Mohawah David Show
We're a juckful Azani but good clean family fun!
You know that pipe smoke and jizz-guzzle of things rape as funny?
Is that funny?
Plains crashing into buildings as funny too, huh?
What?
Since when it's gang rape funny?
Especially when it's me getting my teeth back red
What a juckish!
Hey, how about the hurricane?
No, no, no, no, don't go tap there so when I talk
This is important! They don't know comedy!
I'll show them comedy!
Today I brought my collection of Lumbernavna tapes
Lumbernavna, you're more on!
They even named the restaurant after Lumber!
Uh-oh!
Ah, you clueless muck!
We'll get back to that later.
Right now it's time for our transcendent mid-show snack!
Bring the morning mayor his food!
Woo!
Ah, here they are!
My favorite place to die!
Zai gote subboka!
Diggin' up everybody!
Hmm, what is it, schmint?
Looks like a donut?
Troys are devained embryos from plantarine hood in the hood!
Oh, cool backstab!
Well, that's good!
Try it with the cocktail sauce.
Hey, hey beast! We'll play that Alice Cooper record!
Okay, dude!
Dead baby!
Can't stay a tear all the things!
There's a little atmosphere for you to help it go down the gullet!
The egg, baby, I've really digged that Alice Cooper seed!
I'm wit!
And I'm hip!
I'm a hepster!
If these ponds only know what was going on.
Yeah, I've got some more transcendent here.
I've cleaned your pellet this.
Thanks, ma'am.
Alright, when we got the meathead mad dog coming up at one,
followed by that fat Jew right after the queer in the spritz.
What's that?
It's a clay!
It's a clay!
It works!
It's headed right for your ass, ma'am!
My son was watching your program on the um,
on the whammy on my amy.
The date was 15.
And I don't like to have no,
it's just some kind of anti-crystance or something.
Because now my son wants to worship the devil
because he thinks he's cool.
And he also wants to just as ladies and ballistic on now.
I don't know if the whole channel 69 is the anti-crystance channel.
Um, please, I'm really concerned.
And I would like to know if you're the anti-crystance.
Thank you.
And please, if I see you somewhere,
I wouldn't even stop and give you water
because now you turn my son into a baguette
and you made my son serve the anti-crystance.
Thank you.
And have a nice day.
Yes, I am.
Oh, that as well, please go away.
Find a new way to attack up a baguette.
Go home and eat your whole home.
Until you explode.
Just like your fat, fat churned ladies
have to fight you seed down the plane.
Spending your fingers that have yellow stain
from sea tools,
and sea urges.
After Diggy Puno.
I'm proud to be fat, disgusting, and tasty, always.
You make the shutter, women smile.
They like a cow, who's fat and fat.
And things smelly, fat, so repulsive and mild.
Your body cheese smells like a crap, but
after it was occupied by a passenger,
need a shoe or two, get into your car.
Dush or two, got m-y.
Onkins squeal, onkins squeal, onkins squeal, fat ladies.
Isn't with your lover less mean?
Lover in a darkness tree between her knee.
Match with tailors, yeets.
Smell fishy to me.
That's enough of killing that moist and tasty fat.
Max Petetti, you've read it a long time, too, no?
I love it.
Anyway, I'm in check, and I'm looking.
We still have that one more precinct.
I'm thinking between now and the next 20 years,
we can have another precinct.
We'll just postpone the election.
Maybe that's what Jeb is counting on.
We can't fight the dead people, but we just won't have a winner
in the Democratic primary.
So we'll postpone it a few years.
In the Sun Central website, it's just kind of like sitting there.
See, most websites on real newspapers,
like in a Boston Globe.
They have a thing, Boston.com, and you cook that on.
And they got updated news throughout the day.
Do they have that?
No.
Once in a great while, you'll see on the Sun Central,
they'll say, new and red, new.
Like, here's a new story.
Can you believe it?
No.
So far, let's see.
Here's the same old story, election system criticized.
It's deja vu all over again.
Let me just click the one thing, vote totals,
because I really don't have time.
Vote totals, here we go.
Same old crap.
Hey, speaking of same old crap, how's Todd Dreck doing?
Have you heard the news about the 3.95% mortgage?
It's true if you were thinking about it.
Well, stop thinking.
Do something smart.
Don't be like Todd Dreck.
Be smart.
Because now is the smart time to purchase a home.
Are we financially resisting?
Home at the unbelievable, unbeatable, low rate of just 3.95%.
If you have a 7.5% mortgage, the 3.95% rate would save you over 3.5%,
or over 3,500 bucks, the first year we're low on a $100,000 mortgage.
Don't make things hard.
Make them easy for yourself.
I pick it up that instrument and calling financial group, 1-800-940L-E-N-D.
That's 1-800-9405363.
Getting you a mortgage someplace else will cost you thousands of dollars each year.
Think of all the money you're going to save when you have a 3.95% mortgage financial group
self thousands of people just like you use.
But you're financing in the best possible position by getting yourself a 3.95% mortgage
call financial group today right now 1-800-9405363.
That's 1-800-9405363.
There's an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply and don't forget rates are subject to change
if you wait 2-1-1-1.
We're supporting you 5-16-2-1-1-1.
You a.
They're state goldstein but you can call me Kelsey.
Whenever I'm in town I listen to, wait a minute I am in town.
It's the 12th of 1 hour.
Sad.
And now, on the campaign trail with George W. Bush.
Today, America's candidate addresses the unionized workers at South Carolina's
turbine town factory.
Great to be here in Nevada.
South Carolina Nevada.
I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker.
Don't say that.
The ignorant worker all over the world.
Hey Bush, what are you know about working?
Never have worked today my entire life.
Hands, smooth, silky palm olive.
You're soaking in it.
Let's go to the next question.
Yo, mate!
Yes sir.
Yeah, well you going to go and melt water.
Good question.
Important substantive marijuana legalization.
No, absolutely not.
Cocaine.
Yes.
E.C.P. heroin, probably barbituous andphetamines with out of doubt.
With out of doubt.
Not.
Now you.
What are you going to do for the black man?
Thanks for asking.
First thing I'd like to do.
See me one up close.
Not too close.
No touching.
Perhaps maybe get a lot, lot.
Can I get a lot, lot.
Well, I turned to him.
Thank you very much.
We got to go.
You got to go.
Oh, again, faint trail with George W. Bush.
Oh man, they're never going to get any.
What am I going to do?
Check it out.
I'll never have a date because I was shy.
Never had a chance to pull on a chase because I was shy.
So what do you think I'm playing after this, man?
All right.
You got me your hooker and I know why.
Why would you get to see me?
Yeah, yeah.
Cause I was shy.
Cause I was shy.
Because I was shy.
Never had a club.
And it was a dime.
She reached down the road, my love.
And it came alive.
She said she knew me twice.
And we were an extra five.
There was a dime.
There was a dime for an extra five.
Forget about it.
I know she loved the flavor by the looking around.
She said please return the flavor on zip and her fly.
And don't even go.
I guess I should have known by the hair on her thigh.
Why, man?
Yeah.
It was a guy.
It was a guy.
It was a guy.
I like to take his nuts and put them in their vines.
She crushed her nuts and her nuts.
We're staying here by the doochie when you need advice.
On their color butt.
I got a bunch of ripups by a transverse tie.
I beat up a guy.
I beat up a guy.
I beat up a guy to get a coat.
Roll another plant.
Yeah.
I beat up a guy.
That's right.
My wife still messed up and I know why why
Why, man, yeah, yeah, cuz I got her
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
La la la, la la, I was gonna go to class
Before I got her, come on, y'all
I could have cheated and I could have passed
But I got her, ah, ah
La la, I'm taking a next step master
And I know why, I'm gonna go on
Because I got her, because I got her
I was gonna go to class, because I got her
I was gonna go to class, before I got her
I was gonna pay my child support
But then I got her, no you wouldn't
La la, I'm taking my whole paycheck
And I know why, why, man, yeah, cuz I got her
Because I got her, because I got her
La la, la, la, la, I was gonna run from the kids
But I was high, ah, I'm serious man
I was gonna pull right over and stop
But I was high, ah
La la, la, la, now I'm gonna tear up
Please check, you know why
Why, man, yeah, yeah, yeah, cuz I got her
Because I got her, because I got her
La la, la, la, la, I was gonna make love to you
But then I got her, ah, ah, I'm serious
I was gonna eat your pussy too
La la, la, la, la, naah, I'm taking that
La la, la, naah, and  en strictly CHAR 
Esque sensational
Go to our home, go, to our maken
Laprofits, yeah, like shit
La Las sentia, yeah, like shit
La Las sentia, yeah, like shit
La blacks sentia, mad Yeah
Yeah
I go
I go
I go
I'm inside
I go
I go
I lost my keys
I go
I go
I'm sleeping on the sidewalk
And I know why
I go
I go
I go
I go
I'm sleeping on the sidewalk
I go
I go
I go
I go
I go
I go
I go
I go
Carn
David. Yeah, that's right. Star-Stage Green and Theradice. Say, you look like
well-chambered. Dad's goes, I IS well-chambered. Yeah, but you're dead, did. So are you.
I'll get behind the car. I'll afford. I said get move. What do you want to
what do you want to what do you want to what do you want to what do you want to
let him take off the microphone next to it?
Green! Nobody would hurt me! Nobody but the smokers down here in the
Then I'm going to go, okay. What do you require of me? I require your
555 sigma. Now I see, it right now and I 
Okay, I'm a trunk here. Is that nice?
Oh shit, Ben Dover!
Now!
Yes, sir.
Oh, but now, the squeal like a pig.
Squeal like a pig, man.
Squeeeeee-ee!
And the squee-ee!
See, that's kind of nice.
Yeah!
Yeah!
I can't run.
Where you going?
Don't I get it, dinner?
Well, Chamberlain, he raped Owens!
Stop!
We gotta be open to nothing.
The station that delivers presets,
development,
a deliverance weekend,
all weekend laws that you can qualify by winning video cassettes of the movie delivery.
Where is it you who's trying to be required that you listen to the radio all weekend laws?
Don't say things before.
The grand prize winner will be flown to dozen Georgia for a canoe trip for two down the Kahuna
wassey river,
including accommodations in mutable entries.
He's easy to win.
Now that you just dropped them,
thanks, you're still the rattle.
And finally,
with most simply the central every time you were here in that made,
he's squeal like a pig.
Squee-ee!
It's a deliverance weekend, all weekend laws.
The formal station that gets you away from me.
Q 95.
There, back,
your favorite Jewish rock and roll nostalgia band.
It's Russia Shanana with their latest hit album,
Sakhopat the synagogue.
My world I've got is going to take the baby.
I'm a hearty, hearty, hearty, hearty, hearty, hearty, hearty.
Yes, Russia Shanana is reformed to bring you 12 kosher types of hoppin Hebrew hygiene.
That's your age.
Isn't good for you.
This album should be in every orthodont rockers collection.
Rolling stone gives it five stars of David.
It I wonder wonder wonder who wrote the book of Job.
Sakhopat the synagogue, you from Russia Shanana,
available at all record stores.
We'll come right when you get here.
Don't pass over this album.
Hey, we're getting requests by facts.
How do you like that?
I like it.
I played one already and the other ones all cute up,
which I'm sure they'll like to.
An honor for our good close personal friend,
Chef, don't go near the tea room high.
If you go near the tea room high,
if you don't go in high,
you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
I'm sure you'll see the difference between the two.
We can order their products and get more info on their website,
oleomedAmerica.com.
This station stands for nothing.
This is a 560 W-U-A-M Myralar.
These engines are building in an orderly fashion.
There is no need to panic.
Everything is fine.
Self-destruct sequence engaged.
G minus 10, 10, 10, 10, 5, 3.
I gotta get out of here, Pali.
Hey, I'll come and lay away.
It won't work.
You gotta use the stairs just to put more on.
You've done that fast.
Did you?
You're stupid, fat-toy.
Oh, hi, how is this stairs?
That's right, Rotando.
I don't think I can...
How'd I my way?
That's all.
All right.
I have to go.
Take one step at a time.
Oh, sorry, man.
No, no, no.
I will, I will, yeah.
Oh, oh.
My wheelchair.
My wheelchair.
Somebody help me.
Hey, how about you, Pali?
You wanna give me a hand?
Oh, yeah.
Give me a hand, please.
Sorry, I got fired.
I'm gonna die.
You see, I might get the idea, Pali.
I'm not sure.
Is there a foot?
It's around.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Maybe I can hide in the pit.
You mind?
Yeah, my ass.
Yeah.
You can't let me.
You can't let me.
I know, save me.
Stop it, Pali.
I'm talking to my friend.
I'm kinda queer, hey.
Sorry.
Mine.
Nice knowing your high boy.
Just remember, Delby, your kid.
Put your arms around a memory.
I can't even put my arms around you.
Stop.
You have to do all those.
I can't.
I feel like it's buying his bloodline.
In a Poseidon adventure.
But at least he got to look up and tell his demon,
Stuy.
And shout at my face in her day.
But she gave him hell of a laugh, didn't she?
Oh, damn.
You made it.
Well, the way down is dead.
May I have your attention, please?
This was a false alarm.
And it's been a real fire.
This is the thing.
We were not serving high boy.
And the next thousand tailgate party.
Everyone, back to your arms.
This everyone, back to your arms.
Fuck you, Pali.
Oh, yeah, I got that something.
I'm aching in my glass.
Yeah, you, an aching boy.
And I'm your name, Blame.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blame.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blame.
They seem so sweet to me.
With their burned little cans.
Right, go.
Little boys need to be with me.
Cause I'm an emblem.
I'm a bull.
Yeah, I'm a name, Blame.
Yeah, I'm a name, Blame.
Hey, little kid, I'll give you candy.
And I'll ride.
You can sit on my lap and I will.
Let you drive.
Let you drive.
Let you drive.
Yeah, you shake your mouth in.
When you wear your little pants.
Don't tell a little secret.
Cause I'm your name, Blame.
Oh, right.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blame.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blame.
And when I shower, I'll invite you inside.
And when I touch your little part,
I get high, I get high, I get high.
Oh, yeah, I got that something.
I'm aching in my glass.
Yeah, you, an achy boy.
And I'm your name, Blame.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blame.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blame.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blame.
Boy, the way that Napster played.
Not a single pet we paid.
Two damn free turns, sure was bright.
Times were the days.
And we found our dead bed.
Every June from R.D.M.
Mr. Wages, New one day,
That website would be condemned.
To make CDs or types.
That's the fans' belief of weight.
See, that sucks we have to play.
Those were the days.
Saturday night on CBS, eat it, and back from the dead.
It's the 20th anniversary of all in the family.
All looky dead, if you need a job, Jellie Wee.
Daddy, don't be such a coach.
Now, what ever happened to my little girl?
Look at this.
Why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh?
Maybe have a salad once in a while.
Daddy, don't you know how many of the world's people
have never had a decent meal?
Again with a charity spira.
Well, it's true.
So why don't you send them the bones from the taiki
you had for breakfast, huh, what a...
Oh my goodness.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
The taiki was pushing up days.
Oh, now watching.
The last episode was a little bit dream.
It seems so bad to me.
Look, who was it back there, Bidett?
Push the dead off and get me in at a B.
That's 20th anniversary of all in the family.
Saturday night on CDF.
Brought to you by IBS Home Car Span in school,
where you can learn auto mechanics,
done repair, all back to school.
Guys, we're going to double pay.
No no votes.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
Every time I have you, you got yours.
I can't tell no to say how much peace, Lord.
All that you can't, broad as his brain.
Inside his nose nothing else.
Three names of the days of oxygen.
That's why George always thought he had no days of oxygen.
He bought a team to inhale the surface line.
He was born into money, but he's some kind of dumb.
Without his evil, he was the honest, fun, soul.
Life of the party is his polished day.
It's a blast, it's a two-cell sport of grace.
And a nasal oxygen.
That's the reason he's forever weak.
He has no nasal oxygen.
I bought my ticket, then I'm holding my passport tight.
560 WQAM presents the Moen Jo Show.
Meetings tank bad with our last failure.
We're going to try this now.
To get in touch with Moen Jo.
What's the point?
Welcome back to the Moen Jo Show.
What do you know?
It's nice to be here.
You don't mind this 18-hour shift, fuck it.
You were getting paid extra for this.
They said they're going to...
You're stupid.
You're stupid.
Just like that guava-loven spit, your buddy over there.
Come on, we didn't even get started.
Shut up, you want to walk my show?
You'll do as you're told.
Get over here.
That's right.
Come here.
Get over there.
Get over there.
Get over here.
I'm over here.
I'm over here.
I'm over here.
Come here.
Why don't you go outside and wait for it to snow?
Not just a man, I don't have to.
I said go wait for it to snow.
Get the QAM van ready for my appearance at the Hollywood Fashion Center.
Don't worry, it's an automatic.
Amscray.
No, no, not K.
That'll be very good, sir.
K.
Trust was giving me some...
Play it and fall on the ceiling.
Don't stop feeling it and it'll mean me like...
Turning blue and turning, could go...
I guess I died at 57 years old.
I'm going to be...
I'm going to be...
Oh...
What?
What?
I'm going to get you to blow deep down.
Oh...
No, no, no.
It's anyone there.
Stop getting this bloody room.
Don't tell rumors, it's spinning around.
I passed out on the...
...crowd.
Who don't stop the next...
I guess they don't need me anyway.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of here.
Ready to go.
Drop 25, 65, 62, I'm 35, 75 votes on our pool.
Hey, how come we know our numbers, huh?
That's because we don't need to have any dead people to bring out.
375, who would you vote for if our governor for the election were being held right now?
Bill McBride, 220, Jeb Bois, 78, and neither one of them is 77.
78 times three is what?
We're almost three to one.
Any new votes on the governor's?
No.
1227 at 560, WQM.
It's the dog days of summer, still, even though it's September 11th.
It's still hot as hell?
Yes.
I told you, it's hot as hell.
And if you're tired of all that, what is it, how does hell have to do with your hair blowing out of control?
Can you tell me?
No.
Well, but I will tell you this, it's beautiful.
It's like 72 and sunny here today, but it's windy.
And that makes your hair blow.
Too much blowing is not a good thing, you know?
That's what Ken Star said.
So call my good buddy Chuck Alfieric and tell him enough of the blowing.
Call tool free 1-800-321-2413 when you have a full head hair instead of just a few wispy hairs that are hanging out like Bob Cole.
Then, you know, your hair ain't going to blow all over the place.
Charles Alfieric's got the latest technology providing you with what you wanted for years.
A great looking head of hair and a younger look too.
You get that natural hair line system right now by calling Chuck Alfieric.
You mentioned my name.
You still save yourself 300 bucks off the regular cost.
So you can get yourself a stupendous looking head of hair at a very reasonable price.
And don't forget, Charlie also services all kinds of hair systems besides his own usually wag your waist and makes him look a hell of a lot better for only 30 bucks.
And if you do get the natural hair line system, you got nothing loose but a big rugby ball spot because Charlie offers you a 30-day money back guarantee.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, just bring the hair back.
You just throw it right in his face and say, hey, here's your hair back, schmuck.
So if you want to yourself a great looking hair line and a full head of hair this year and for the rest of your life to come, just pick up that phone and call toll free, 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their prestigious website if you like at Charles Alfieric.com.
Line and local, we're sports radio 560-CUA-M.
Pullin' forward with out from our eyes old sports bag radio WQHL.
Oh, they want us to find a way, the reimbursed four-backed fame from 200 years ago when they were slaves.
It must, when I only have a whole little hole, a pit hole and a pinch of skull.
So if you want to ask me how here's what I gotta say, you've got to kiss a nigger good heart.
Till the back you started for it's slave in her mom.
Yes, a nigger good heart.
And that forever mudd into it's dead and tall.
If I was born a day 102, hold it, blazing something I do.
But what for dead people dead to you, I have to take the plane.
We'll just settle for an old money act.
Okay.
With a piano spell, it's carrying it back.
It's hit a 40 acres and a mule, I have a better way.
You've got to kiss a nigger good heart.
And one on how a parent organ frame up to.
Yes, a nigger good heart.
And that's your institution for a slave in you.
Yes, a nigger good heart.
And till that you started for it's slave in her mom.
Okay, you've got it.
Yes, a nigger good heart.
And that forever mudd into it's dead and tall.
See you tomorrow, Holly?
Oh, yeah, you two will go to have a good day of paradise.
Okay.
We did not already play that one.
Yeah, I think so.
Sorry.
A adopted rose, he got one more.
What are two more, you'll be just like your hero.
Be a Pharaoh.
Forget about it.
Oh, now we know the only thing in your belly is gravy.
All these kids make us real mad.
Cause there is something with you that can't be had.
It's called a dad.
Your children can't win.
You don't have a need for a man when you're a lesbian.
Yeah.
Oh, there's a new rosy child.
She's got a way to keep them coming.
You and me, you remember?
Wait a while.
A top thin rosy or a barren woman.
You better hope that your show keeps going.
Cause when it's done girl, we won all the kids.
Give them back, give them back, give them back their babies.
Wow, this is a shock.
Am I this exciting?
Indeed.
Guess how many more precincts we got now?
One, three.
Woo!
We started this morning.
It's a little, it's Florida babies, so it's a little slow.
Especially date and, so now we're up to 6,530 precincts out of 6717,
which means there are, let's see, a 13187.
How many of these seven precincts left to go?
Wait, and we have no idea how many votes are in them.
Follow what I'm saying?
40 cents.
I'm saying who knows?
Filmic bride, 596, 744.
Okay?
Janet, Reno, 577, 930, and the Darrell.
By the way, thanks Darrell.
Thanks for throwing a monkey wrench in there.
See now, somebody's gonna make something out of that.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't know.
Somebody's gonna make something because I said monkey wrench.
Just, it's just one of those things is what it is.
So anyway, what's the difference now?
18,000.
She picked up a little bit on that, on that blip.
She picked up, it was, what was the difference?
19,000, 1,414.
I wrote it down.
Well, I'll figure it out.
You figure it out?
No, I'm not.
Oh, that's right, because you're a weak in math.
577, 930, it's my one strong suit.
418, so it's 18,000, 888, 14.
So she picked up like 300 votes in three precincts.
Okay.
Now, so if you like what, what you can't do that,
but just assuming she gained 300 votes in our Hamae left,
oh, this thing is gonna be tighter than a witch's ass, man.
This thing is gonna be so damn tight.
And of course, when you get it down to like within a few votes either way,
then it's really easy to fix.
In fact, that's probably why this is taking so long.
They have to go back and find the formula from two years ago.
When they get it right down to the very nip and tuck,
and then they bring in the big guys to knock the door down.
Let us in.
Let us in.
You know, all of the Jeb's guys.
So there you go, 6530.
You think I'd have just tried one more time.
Maybe they're loading in now.
Huh?
That's free to try.
Oh, look at that.
Nothing.
6530.
Okay, it's 22 to 1 at 560WQ.
Oh, we got the mad dog.
Now, what's the story with the rest of the day there?
They're gonna be as morbid as Mosho.
What's this morning?
We don't know.
Well, that's what Clarence was saying.
Hey, Clarence, I'm sorry if we wounded your feelings or something.
But we planned this.
And you know something else I was just thinking?
What?
But before I got sidetracked by looking at those new numbers,
I'm thinking because this Wednesday is Humpty,
it's the middle of the week, all those other clichs.
I'm thinking like from 11 to 1 every Wednesday.
Hey.
What do you think that's a good idea?
It's a wonderful idea.
Seriously.
Or Monday or Friday.
No, no, no, no, no, that would not be good.
I'm just saying Wednesday, middle of the week, 11 to 1.
Two hours of stuff.
I'm about fun and games are some good laughs.
Love it.
Would save my throat a little bit?
I think it's a swell idea.
Well, let's put it to committee and the answer is yes.
Here's the place where the answer will be yes.
If you're trying to lose some weight with that,
then that's the lights of West Boker.
When you go into a regular supermarket,
you go up and down the aisle and maybe in some supermarkets,
they're like a little tiny section of what they call diet foods.
Forget about it.
Because if you're lights of West Boker,
the entire store is dedicated to you because they've got a low-carb
and no-carb items in there, that's all they carry.
And of course, that's your official Lackins Diet retail center.
And Delights has all Atkins brand products,
25% off, which you'd pay everywhere else every day.
Delights has the whole line of Atkins Diet products, as well as,
over 500 delicious low-carb and sugar-free foods,
as reported recently in New York Times on CNN,
Dateline NBC, CBS News, News Wake Time, US News, and World Report.
The Atkins Diet continues to be one of today's most popular
and effective diets for a lot of fat folks.
Low-carb dieting is finally getting the respected deserves,
and Delights of West Boker has been your leader
in low-carb sugar-free dieting for years now, for a coons age.
Over 100,000 of their customers will testify,
there is no better store and no competition,
Delights will not be under sold.
And you can sample anything in the store before you buy it, too.
Stick it in your mouth and try it before you buy it.
Delights friendly, knowledgeable staff will walk you through the store,
point you in the right direction.
They'll show you where PD Lenny left his mark,
and of course they'll cheer you on while the wait
while those pounds can fly off.
Don't forget there's only one place like this.
It's Delights of West Boker.
They're open seven days a week till 10 p.m.
and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441,
in Pristhi just Boker.
You know who lives in Boker?
No.
Call 1-877 Low Carb or check them on the web if you like it.
Lowcarb.com.
My name is Low Carb.
This is 425-60.
You weigh it two way, yeah.
Oh, that the Lord even loves neo-rodgers.
She won't go down, but it is up again.
You're never gonna keep the town.
She won't go down.
What it is up again?
You're never gonna keep the town.
She won't go down.
What it is up again?
You're never gonna keep the town.
You're never gonna keep the town.
She won't go down.
What it is up again?
You're never gonna keep the town.
She won't go down.
What it is up again?
What it is up again?
You're never gonna keep the town.
How long is it up to you?
It's up to you.
With you, so you must play.
He's trying to whisk his drink.
He's trying to block the drink.
Needed hard to drink to get her into.
He tells her that it really makes him feel good.
He tells him that he's over the gut.
What the hell is over the gut?
What?
You're never gonna keep the town.
She won't go down, money to jump again
You're never gonna keep me down, she won't go down
Money to jump again, you're never gonna keep me down
She won't go down, money to jump again
You're never gonna keep me down
You won't go down, money to jump again
Every guy's dead day is a news in 40
We have a yellow light
They have something to hide
Not how they, but if you lay their eyes
What's really heavy?
Kind of surplus you, and you fool
Like the yellow light
The light, the color for free you're right
And that is why we have a yellow light
Got explained at the length of what he's like to
What he's like to reach his cat in sex
With a dead of no friends and doodles or two
And he's a guy dead
What's the future of the day?
Have a yellow light
What's that height?
Something they can't define
That's why we have a yellow light
A big light, every time they're crazy
You are funny, we have a yellow light
That's why we have a yellow light
A big light, every time they're crazy
You are funny
With a little look as I address
I am for her full number
I am for her, her trails
What you want to know please
Am I a mad to me?
She said I gotta leave you
I got somewhere else to be
She said I'm gonna run from you
I got somewhere else to be
Don't know where I can't run from you
That's it, hold my hand
Hold my hand
Hold my hand
Hold my hand
Hold my hand
Hold my hand
560 WQA is proud to announce how her David is dead
Hey, they killed how it
Forget about it, consequently after days of intensive shock therapy
Management emerged with a brand new lineup
For the vacationing Howard David
Starting tomorrow, wake up with the Joe Markinsund Joe
Baby, oh the way it was intended to be
With Periodic Sports updates by Yieldy
That's the Joe Markinsund Joe
Now on 560 WQAM
We're down in Jamaica in the catapoean
Take out the best burp that you ever seen
Ask anybody in that table
They tell you this is country where the gun's a beautiful
Are you sure?
Perhaps the man has some he wants to sell
And from a mile away you can detect the smell of smoke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
He lights up the spliff and choke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
The gun's a few good
You've been carrying lots of herb in the gunny sack
Smoke it every day until your lungs turn black
With all the money that we have made
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid
American tourists come here and say
Got nothing like this tender U.S. hey they smoke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
They light up the spliff and choke
They begin to cough and choke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
They're gunny, be good
Mama Delphus on you are an ostomans
You like to smoke the giant spliff whenever you can
Many people coming here from miles around
To bite the herb for you by the ounce of new ground
Raster man say to her, mama you're right
They gun, just be good tonight and then they smoke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
They light up the spliff and choke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
You're waking here these numbers man, you're gonna puke
Not that there's new numbers but I extrapolated
She picked up 300 votes and was last to 3%
So if you extract and those were from Broward not dating
She's doing better than date
So if you extrapolate 183 precincts on count it and divided by 3
In other words for every 3 if she picked up 300
She would gain 18300
Before we get in McBride was leading by 18814
You
How do you like that?
I know
It sounds sinister to me
It's what it sounds like
Anyway Northwest Airlines speaking of sinister North
West Airlines plane diverted to Fort Smith Arkansas
After report of suspicious passengers
A north west airline jet was diverted to Fort Smith's airport
Today after 3 passengers locked themselves in a bathroom
A lot of stuff going on in the bathroom sunny's planes
Yep
The other passengers departed from the plane safely
Flight 979 and Airbus A320 traveling from Memphis to Vegas
landed at Fort Smith late this morning
Northwest spokeswoman Mary Beth Schubert be saying
Police and firefighters surrounded the aircraft no one was reported injured
Jim Harris a spokesman for governor Mike Huckabee said the three men
appeared to be of middle eastern descent
The Bush administration raised the nation's terror world while we know that
The State Department of Emergency Management said some sort of negotiations were held between officials
And the three passengers and one of the planes bathrooms
Passengers were taken out maybe they're having a party in there
Passengers were taken off and then negotiating through the bathroom
Said Jennifer Gordon a spokeswoman for the department
The FBI was interrogating the three men according to the TSA
It wasn't clear who reported suspicions to the airline
The TSA said the three men have been acting strangely on the plane
But gave no specifics beyond saying that the three locked themselves in a bathroom
No other air traffic in the air was affected since the Dave Stiegman spoke to him for the TSA
Wow
Anyway, no reason to get panicky, you know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm saying 1251 at 560 WQAM
If you love your home but you need more space do this smart thing like so many other people are doing hundreds and hundreds of folks
Are calling the good people at strictly additions because they know they know they're crap
Call strictly additions whether you're having a baby in another room
Maybe you're converting a car porter panty into a living space
Or maybe you went into business for yourself and you want to make yourself a home orifice
Call the good folks at strictly additions they'll do your right
They're your one stop shop your more space for your place place
With an absolutely worry for your approach to expanding your living space
There was no shows by the other contractors that you're so used to won't happen
Won't happen ever in complete work no way
No unexpected bills no worries about the job not getting done right
And they take care of everything for you every detail
They drop your blueprints they get the building permits handle all your inspections
Strictly additions has got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction
Number one they call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment
At your home or a project estimator will determine the scope of your addition
Number two schedule a bit of employment and their convenience room
Where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work
Number three they'll select your finishing touches with you go to contract
Number four review the design architectural drawings
And number five use it back and relaxes your dream addition moves ahead on schedule
With unbeatable quality it's so easy it's almost a laugh
Give strictly additions a call at 9.5.4.7.9.1.8.100
That's 9.5.4.7.9.1.8.100
Look for their ad in the yellow pages by the way they're licensed they're insured professionals
We really care about doing you a super job
Call 9.5.4.7.9.1.8.100 tell them old Neo-Torty to call strictly additions
Number five and look all this is 4.2560
You way to way
Diddy Chocket or Diddy Crockett?
Wouldn't you like your little princess to grow up to the impeccable hostess
Ready for high society? Then why not buy her the doll all tasteful little girls are clamoring for
The talking Martha Stewart doll
This is the perfect time of year for blending in patience
With the talking Martha Stewart doll girls can learn how to be just like Martha learn all about entertaining
Tired of the same old cocktail gathering try a newd pool party
Marriage
You call daddy diamonds take you back I want to see myself in that mother
Housekeeping
For roughest floor bitch I told you no more strings
Throw man
Bad baby
You should be
Oh yeah
With the talking Martha Stewart doll your little girl can grow up to be just like her idol
Poised, smart, and classy
Get your f*** car out of my f*** driveway asshole
From Hasbro makers of the Frank Gifred sleep around action figure was built in tape recorder
From 57 at 560 WCM the man dog standing by him be along a one-hanket three we got the marlins on dread could 635
I wish they'd get that damn baseball crap over with already marlins at the filly 710 and decay over 10 to 2 or after baseball anyway and join Mark overnight
Now we got three more three more precincts
Okay so we we've got a total of seven here while we were on the air that's almost two an hour that's pretty heavy duty you know it?
So if that rate by the time I come on here tomorrow morning at nine
Well still be going and there's good news from our bride and bad news
Good news is that with these additional precinct see the one that came in much earlier that was from Palm Beach
There was the last Palm Beach one these other six are from Broward
Oh so there's still 98 precincts of the ones that remain 98 of more in date where she's wall up in Malau
Like about 70 to 30 percent so it's still like nip and talk but the good news from a bride is
And those of us who would like to beat Jeff Bush in November the good news is that he's extended his lead a little bit
It was 19114 and the last three precincts have went down to 18814
Now he's goasted back up again even better than was before 19159
Brackdom for a Bill McBride how do you like that? I had a chance
You think I'd give it like one more click? That's free
One more click a quick clip that's it
Well you see you're getting too carried away okay?
That just relax couple here one over there before you know it will only be like December
That will still be counting our poll 423 votes assuming that McBride wins which we are but don't count on it
If the election for Governor McGill held the day who do you vote for?
Bill McBride 246
Jeff Bush 88 neither 189 neither one is again beating the Jeff Bush moisture
Bush fatigue is where it in baby make no mistake about it
Absolutely correct so what do you think every Wednesday 11 to 1 all bit the Wednesday?
Spectacular over two hours it's the middle of the week it's Humphrey I mean unless something really you know
Spectacular comes along something really pressing and all like some really important ballgame
Bye bye bye
The Federal Roger's Go on fly six million QAMs my name is Fort Laugano
At WQAM sports is our centerpiece we broadcast the games we talk about the games
And we cover the athletes that play the games
But one year ago today sports was sidelined by an unspeakable tragedy
An attack on our country one that unfolded before our very eyes
WQAM became an outlet for information
