Great wine.
Okay, evidently some wild stuff is going to be breaking between now and six o'clock
and to give you a clue of some of the stuff that's going on. Here's Uncle Neil.
Well, we're not going to do until 3.30 but Norm Kent, who's our attorney, is on his way here
and we have an affidavit, which we'll be talking about at 3.30 and sharing his
process of inviting the media in here. I mentioned this morning when I came on
here about the Hollywood Police Department and they can, you know, pretend in their own
self-righteous way that they're in the right and that they're not doing anything wrong
et cetera and so on. But I have a copy of the affidavit right in my hot little hand
and the essence of it is that there is at least one individual and perhaps it
goes deeper than that within the Hollywood Police Department Vice Section
who are out to Neil Rogers. In other words, try to catch me in some
compromising situation even at the extent that they were willing to pay off or
bribe somebody to allow them to put me in that kind of situation.
You know, again, like I said this morning, there are people who think that all of this
is like some kind of a game or it's a joke or it's, you know, lots of fun or
whatever. This is like something out of Nazi Germany. This is
fascism, this whole witch hunt that's going on and this is just another component
of it. You know, again, whether the all of the items are related or unrelated
to the game, it doesn't make any difference because I'm still a target of it. And your name is
mentioned interestingly about in this, but just kind of in passing.
And I have a feeling that you could have also possibly been the target of the witch hunt
if it would have applied. And I just don't think the audience out there are the people in this
community are taking it seriously enough and understand what's going on. I think after
330 they'll begin to understand. Well, it'll be good to get this stuff out, but I have,
you know, where I come from on this. I really believe that no matter what breaks
in them at a wedding, in the center you pointed it at yourself and it breaks out in
hell and hell. But you put it well. You said we put out one pair.
Breastfires. Yeah. Another brushback has to me, as I see it, I suspect that behind
all the brushfires there is one. Well, you don't want to remind me of all the
weapons. It reminds me of the boy who cried Wolfsendrome because, you know, after
you've been caught with your hand and the cookie jar enough times, even if your hand
isn't the one and even if you didn't feel the cookies on a Wednesday afternoon,
people still are going to assume that you're the one because you've done it so
many times before that you don't have any credibility left, okay?
Because the question that comes into my mind is why would the, you know,
Hollywood Police Department on their own are betrarily just decide we're going to get
neo-rodgers and as you mentioned. Well, I can't read their mind, but of course there are
a lot of homophobes and of course there's witch on Hasman a campaign of homophobia
and that's why I resent very bitterly anybody calling me a bigot. I mean, that's again
like somebody who said in this chair week ago, said here and called me a bigot.
That's one of the greatest insults in a history of mankind, okay?
That would be like, that would be like Adolf Hitler calling somebody an anti-Semite.
I think the other tip off to what I'm saying is in other words as to, you know,
who is behind this whole thing is the very fact and that it's more than just what you call a homophobic,
you know, an exercise in homophobia is the fact that evidently they were interested
as to whether I had gone there too. And of course the only link between you and I
happens to be our common candidate in Korok, who is out to discredit both of us.
See, that's a good point. That's a good point.
Why the hell would the Hollywood police were for whatever reasons homophobic and
how to get you, why would the question come up with Steve Cain? You know, I mean,
that's, I think there's your answer. Now, that's a very good point.
Well, anyway, Norm is on his way here as we speak and I think see the good thing
about I think what's happening is that it's all becoming public now and it's all
getting out there for people to see. Yeah, and we had a choice. I mean, Norm, you know,
told me obviously we could have just gone ahead and passed this on to the state attorney
and Broward and done it very quietly. And I don't choose to do it that way because quite frankly,
I think, you know, you have to stand up for something sooner or later and today couldn't
have been a better day for it, you know, us to get this affidavit and to break it today because,
like I said in the year this morning, I've had it. I'm not taking any more abuse from anybody.
And this is the end of it as of today. I mean, from now on, it's going to be completely
on the offensive. And if there are people like this detective who think that they can play games
with my life or your life or anybody else's life and try to, you know,
and trap people into what could be a horrendous situation that could destroy their lives,
that just isn't going to happen. And I'm not going to allow it to happen.
Well, I'm a big believer in the light of day and I think plus I think the public has a right to know.
Well, I personally believe that, as I said over the last two weeks, that the thing which is aimed at you
and which is aimed at me is basically aimed at getting us off the air, which is basically aimed at our audience.
And if they're trying to take away shows that our audience like our audience have a right to know about that,
because- Well, in my case, it goes beyond just getting me off the air because when people in my neighborhood get letters,
people who are my neighbors in plantation are getting letters from someone who lives not even in the same county
down in Coral Gables, giving them my real name and telling them that they could be in a compromising situation on the air
and I'm going to have my way. And just generally trying to create a friction between me and my neighbors in my own neighborhood
where I live. So it's not obviously disconnected with something that's on the air.
It's connected with the desire to ruin my life, okay?
And also to get you out of here. And to give me out of time.
I mean, I do believe that- I mean, and as I've said and testified to the fact that the overall objective is to remove you from TACO,
there's quite frankly, I think if you move to Seattle tomorrow, I think your problems with that individual would end.
It has- Well, I got new and I ain't going anywhere, okay?
I've got real news for him. I'm not going any place.
All right.
It's real cool in Seattle.
It gives you a real cold in Miami over the weekend.
Well, it gives you an idea of what's in store. 330 Norman Kent will be here and along with the rest of the press,
I was going to stand exciting and that's not really exciting, a horrific announcement.
And you'll want to stay tuned for that.
You're listening to the Steve Cain Show 610-WIOD. We'll be back after the news.
We're just going to turn the mic over to you.
Okay.
Well, first I have to tell you I have to do one little little plug.
I have to thank Aaron C. Renekar for getting me a vehicle on absolutely no notice.
I said I was coming down here. I was on my way down and as I got off the elevator,
it kicked in and I had left my car for somebody work,
and I was just warning up in Papano Beach and they were able to come through.
So I thank them for it.
I want to say at the outset, we're not here for hike,
we're not here to publicize something unjustly.
This has nothing to do with the city of Halondale and it has nothing to do with an attorney
who individuals are embroiled in grievances with.
That's your opinion.
No, we know of.
That we know of.
That we know of.
We are here and I am on the air sharing with you a revelation concerning an alleged impropriety
by the city of Hollywood Police Department.
Perhaps the broader and greater issue that this addresses is one of freedom of sexual belief
and freedom of sexual practices.
An individual who we will refer to as John Doe because there's no reason to broadcast his name
unnecessarily at this point was acting as a clerk in the Hollywood cinema theater.
I don't I think it's called the CNA twin theater last Friday night.
At that time, the Vini unit, the Vice Intelligence and Narcotics Unit of the Hollywood Police Department
executed search warrant of that premises and effectuated and arrest of this individual.
Earlier this morning, Neil went on the air saying he believed he was being harassed by a number of people
and this individual on his own contacted the station and then the station advised him to contact me.
He relayed the following statement to me which my office prepared into an affidavit.
I want to say at the outset that we have turned this affidavit over to the proper authorities
for their appropriate review before I even arrived here.
The Hollywood Police Department has been given a copy of this affidavit as has the state attorney.
It will be their determination as to whether or not it should be taken with the appropriate
credence that I believe it should and they will have to make the determination of how to proceed.
That's not for us.
But because it is so revealing, it felt it necessary and I'm sorry, Neil felt it necessary.
Neil was given a choice and as he said on the air, I was listening in the car on the way down.
He was given a choice of going on the air with this or not going on the air with this.
I'll tell you a consequence of it later on because just going on the air with this,
some police agencies would have you believe there's a violation of flour or statute.
Because there is a statute that suggests if you go on the air with any internal investigation of a police agency
or something to that effect that's in this demeanor.
However, that statute is now being challenged and courted by myself, the American Civil Liberties Union,
and has already been declared on Constitutional.
And without any other hesitation, this individual who was arrested during the course of this search,
I'll say what?
Let's do this because that's a good kind of intro.
We have to take a short break.
When we attack, you can just get into this affidavit, which is really the gist of what we're here to talk about today.
You're listening to the Steve Tank, New South Radio, a 610WI, a DIA, Norm needs five full minutes.
So I'm just going to give this thing right back to him.
If you want to take about 30 seconds to kind of sum up and lead in to what you're doing here.
And as I said, we're here to share with the public information provided to me in an affidavit from an all-canon ladies and gentlemen in RESTD,
somebody who working in the SIN-A Twin Theatre in Hollywood, Florida on Friday night was arrested.
He called me this morning when I was working on other legal issues.
And this is the affidavit.
Yes, this is the affidavit.
I cut right to this. We're up on the...
He called me to say that after the offices came in to the premises, the bookstore,
they began harassing him as offices with vice-intelligent and narcotics often do by saying,
how could you work here? What kind of establishment is there?
Can't you get a better job?
I can't. It's not a bookstore. It's a movie theater. There are no P-chows.
There are no quarter movies. It's a movie theater.
Okay. It's... I'm unaware of that. It's a movie theater.
And they went in there asking this person, how could he work there?
And they were executed as search warrant.
A lawful apparently a lawful search warrant at that time to seize two or three different films.
They said, look what kind of people come in here.
How can you work here? And the response from the individual who was arrested said,
we get many tourists in here. We get elderly people. We get professionals.
We get engineers. We get other people from all walks of life.
In fact, he said, we even have nail Rogers sometimes comes in here.
The Athian says that at the moment they mention nail Rogers name,
everybody seemed to turn their head that they were fascinated by it.
Once he mentioned the name of Mr. Rogers, the Athian goes on to say that the attitude
of all the offices dramatically changed.
He indicated that they went from being nasty to being friendly.
He indicated in his affidavit then they asked whether or not Steve came.
Whether or not Steve came, also patronizes that establishment.
He answered no and then they did not ask any further questions about Steve came.
The police, mostly one singular detective, then asked how often Mr. Rogers came in.
How many nights Mr. Rogers came in? What he did when he was there.
And commented according to the Athian that Niel is there probably trying to pick up young boys.
He stated this was pretty much the extent of the conversation at that time.
After being booked and jailed in Hollywood, the Athian then advised me that he was taken out of his cell
by a singular detective and the detective represented to him that he was out to nail Mr. Rogers
and advised him, advised the Athian to call the detective, the next time Niel Rogers came into that theater.
If he did so, he was promised money.
He said there would be quote dollars in it for me.
While the detective failed to say specifically how much he would be paid,
he indicated that the office to imply if you were to call the theater when Mr. Rogers was there,
they would take the necessary steps to eventually effectuate and arrest against Mr. Rogers
for engaging in illegal sexual activity.
The Athian indicates that he never saw Mr. Rogers engage in any illegal sexual activity.
The Athian indicates that he never saw anything other than Niel Rogers being a normal customer.
But the officer from the Hollywood Police Department is alleged to have quote said
he wanted to nail Mr. Rogers.
The officer then told the Athian that he should not tell anybody else about this
or that life might become miserable for him.
But the Athian decided to have the courage, the tenacity, and the honor.
The honor, ladies and gentlemen, to call my law office this morning to relay this scenario to me.
I asked him to come in to sign a statement to that effect and he has done something.
We are at the top of the hour, we are only about 30 seconds left to end this.
If these allegations against the Hollywood Police Department are true,
against this officer are true, does this break a number of laws?
And could you just in like 20 seconds tell us which ones it would be breaking?
Well, let's face it, officers are allowed to pay informants for interrupting criminal activity.
But they cannot solicit that criminal activity to occur.
They cannot engage one to induce another to engage in criminal activity.
And it would appear to be a major impropriety by the Hollywood Police Department.
We are going to break for the news of the top of the hour.
Better when so on and your response was, well, if other people were saying it, they might just be kidding.
But I know Neil and Maniel says that he means it in reference to this alleged trolling for boys.
Whatever, whatever boys is, I'm not sure I know what boys is.
Because boys, I mean 18-year-olds can be boys, but by the definition of law, in fact 17-year-olds by definition of law
are at the age of consent in the state of Florida.
How do you recognize statements?
Well, I'm aware it's come up. Let's just deal with it.
Yeah, I don't know anything that I've ever done or said.
Let's just deal with it and put it to bed once and for all, okay?
Excuse me, are you going to shut your mouth, sir?
We seem to have touched the speaking line.
Are you going to shut your mouth and let me reply to what you're saying?
Or are you not?
Just let me know, because if you're not, I'll just hit the button and now reply with you off the air.
And rather you have you on there, right?
Sure it is.
I have said that in the show I did with Jack Thompson.
I found, I was very uncomfortable with what Neil was doing on the air with Zeta in that particular area.
So, you're really going to go into it?
Yeah, absolutely.
Well, when the guys would come into the studio and you're talking about them sitting on your lap and done tummy and cheek,
but quite frankly, in my opinion, I didn't know how much of it was.
How about when Glenn was talking about the young girls who came in and literally sat on his lap?
Now, how about that?
Did that bother you?
No.
Oh, I mean, why the separate, because first of all, now you know that there were no guys sitting on my lap.
I, okay?
Are you really believe that?
You're asking me a question and I'm going to answer it.
I'm not right.
I'm not saying I'm right.
You're asking me to be honest and to be honest.
I mean, I wish that perhaps they would have been, but you really believe they were saying you're my right answer.
You want a straight answer?
Sure, I'll give you a straight answer.
Now, I'm not saying you're straight as I am.
When I listen part in the poem, part in the plan words, when I listen to that show to be very honest with you,
I was uncertain in my mind as to how, I know when you're kidding and there are times when I don't know if you're kidding or not.
But do you think that is what I plan?
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Excuse me, sir.
They're quite frankly.
Now that I know you better, I don't believe that at the time I did.
That's what I know.
Can we go back to the chapter David one second because Detective Murray says, according to the Athian,
here he says, Neil is probably there, meaning in the adult theater to pick up some young boys.
Now, I could be mistaken, but it seems to me that the law in all of the states in this country says that
ex-rated theaters don't allow anyone of the age of 18.
In fact, many of them don't permit anyone on the age of 21 to enter the theater under a penalty of losing their license to operate et cetera.
So again, this term, young boys, I'm not sure exactly what that means.
Well, I understand what you're saying, but I want to get back to what this caller is talking about.
Now, I want it between you and I, I want it to get back to the original purpose of your call.
So what is your point, sir, because I want to deal with it.
The original purpose of my call is how less moral, my legal, on a moral basis, are you guilty of doing the same thing?
What is the same thing?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Well, obviously you've made the same statement about Neil that being Detective has said to me here.
Well, I think I can answer that, sir.
I certainly think we can make a distinction.
The issue here is that the detective has a badge.
I haven't had a gun.
I'm not talking to the police.
We have to talk about that.
Yeah, but I'm telling you the difference, and it's not illegal.
You're just just absorb it for a second.
The issue is that the detective, if the affinist, you know, if we're taking the statement is true,
the detective has a badge.
He has a gun.
He has the power to arrest.
He has the ability to initiate a prosecution.
He has the ability to start a process that could ruin somebody's career, destroy their reputation,
and perhaps take away their absolute livelihood.
I want to understand exactly what I did that you're objecting to.
What I did was state my opinion to what Neil was doing in my opinion, which I made very clear in no way,
you know, should be definitive as to what Neil should be allowed to do whatever management permitted him to do,
that I found it in bad taste, and I didn't know when he was kidding or when he was.
Now, what the hell is wrong with that?
So that was my opinion.
You have a problem with that?
Yes, I do.
Well, take it.
Let's go to Miami, you're on WIO, Dan.
I hope that clears the air between us, because I'm not your enemy, and we were enemies,
and there was an old saying that goes, I'm not saying I acted in me.
No, I'm glad we can clear that here, because we're not here.
Let's go to another show.
Let's go to this one.
Let me say this, and then you reply.
I'm not saying that everything I did, if I had it to do over again, I would do again.
But there is an old saying that is an old saying because it has a lot of validity,
and that is, in life, the enemy of my enemy is my friend.
And I think it was that dynamic that basically created whatever report existed between Jack Thompson and me.
You had said in those days some horrendous terrible things about me, and they were not personally, not personally know.
No, I don't really want to relive it.
And they come at you, why?
They come at you, they come at you, they come at you, they attribute it to me that I allegedly made about Rachel.
I never made that come in here.
I heard it with my own ears, but you said, what was the comment?
I want to say this, and then I'll get into it.
No, the reason I wanted to avoid this is one reason, because what we are doing now is exactly what we are doing.
And then I think we are going to be playing into the hands of an individual when Coral Gables and Normandy is together.
Oh, I think we ought to clear the ear.
I think that there are some problems there.
Let's make a reference to the ear.
I heard you with my own ears, okay.
Say, you know, something about a show I've done on a child raising whatever it was,
who is he to give advice to other people on a show when his child is in an institution talking about Rachel.
I think it was an institution.
In an institution, I heard it with my ears.
How could I have said that?
I don't have any such things.
I don't know how the hell you said it, but you did.
You were talking about DeSisto, okay.
I said he's in an institution, or I said that you said who?
You said who is Steve Cain to give his advice to parents when his kid is in an institution.
I don't remember saying who I am.
I can remember saying who I am.
You have advice when his daughter has had as many problems or whatever it was.
I can accept the fact that you don't remember it.
I sure don't.
But you can bet your bippy that I remember it, because it's not the kind of thing that you don't like.
Let's forget it one more reason.
But I don't, if I said that, then I apologize, because I have no knowledge to base that on.
But let me just clear the air.
One other thing, okay, we'll get it all out of the way.
There was a show you did.
One of them, one of the most notches to me personally, with Rick Siderman and Bob Kunst.
They made them booze and buddies, and they were embracing each other, so to speak.
And for some reason, out of nowhere, my name, as it so often did in those days,
came into the conversation.
Not of nowhere, has really had nothing to do with the topic conversation.
And Mr. Siderman's comment, being the great humanitarian that he is, said,
well, you know, I guess Bob, you're not so bad.
I don't really hit all homosexuals.
But let's face it, Neil Rogers isn't really a homosexual.
You know, that horrible lifestyle in his, he's terrible, and you're lying about he's so unhappy,
and he hates his mother, he hates himself.
He's a faggot.
Not just a homosexual, he's a faggot.
I found that to be so personally offensive that I can't absolutely word.
Absolutely.
So what is your problem with me?
When Siderman was on my show last week, he started with that crap.
I'm not talking about that.
Well, the way that I came to work, I am not responsible for what my guests say.
Nor are you responsible for it.
You were participating over the...
We were involved.
Have you...
The lost out?
Have you blocked out and forgotten the horrendously horrible things that we said about each other
before we were colleagues here at this station?
Surely you tell me you only remember the terrible things that I said about you,
and that were, of course, totally unregunted at all.
Unprovoked.
It's a great deal of difference between talking about somebody's performance on air,
or their ratings, rating that's professional, as opposed to this low level of personal he hates his mother.
I understand all of that.
I understand.
I understand that you have blocked out the personal things that have gone down between us and the past on your end,
but you have made statements about my mental health and about my compassion, about my family and about my...
Come on, Neil.
I mean, I own what I do.
You start...
I mean, the same people out there listening.
I think you're listening to you when you sit here.
Oh, right.
I'm a loosening man.
Let me just for a moment, and immediate.
Is that fun? Why don't you, your clients, fight?
Just for a moment.
Let me respectfully suggest that while I'll leave two of you, probably have some grievances that can be on air.
Are you so glum?
Or some situations that you can discuss that what happened with the Hollywood Police Department Friday,
probably goes beyond the essence of that.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
No, it doesn't go.
It hides in with it, okay?
Because this homophobic crap is going to stop.
All right?
Now, the idea that you can go on the air and you can attack just about anybody else who's ever been invented,
and you're immediately attacked.
You can attack blacks in the NAACP, comes down on your ass.
You attack Jews and right away, here's our title bomb coming.
As they should, okay?
As they should, if indeed you're making an attack.
I mean, if it's species, that's another story.
But, you know, if you come down and you call gay people, faggots, or anything out of the sun,
nobody comes down on your ass because in this society, it's still acceptable to call gay people every kind of name out of the sun.
And to call them faggots.
I agree with that.
I agree with that.
But that's one of the good news.
What's going on?
No, I'm just going to break.
We've got a break.
Trying to make a connection between the rich side of the world
and the situation we're talking about now.
We have to break.
Okay.
Because we're about two minutes over on our break.
And we'll pick up where we left off when we get back.
But I've got to clarify something in my mind.
We've known each other on and off in a different degrees of closeness over a period of seven years.
Do you think I'm homophobic?
Subconsciously, yeah.
We'll talk more about that.
Subconsciously.
We'll talk about that.
You're listening to the Steve Kane show, six tan my convinced that I'm not homophobic.
Subconsciously.
Because of a single act.
Because of a single act.
You basically, you basically condemn me because of my friends with people that I believe are homophobic.
I'm just perplexed by that.
That's all I don't understand.
Well, I'll explain.
You do all, let me ask you this.
I don't have a friend who aren't all living rules or progressive.
No, far from it.
But they also, I don't associate with anybody who I consider would be a right-wing bigot.
I couldn't do it.
I would have nothing in common with them.
I would find them to be totally distasteful.
I'm not all excuses for human beings.
And I just couldn't spend any time with them.
Well, I mean, one thing to be, I'm not talking about, I have friends who are conservative,
but not ultra-right-wing.
We will not see.
We will be back with the quote.
Before people at this dying for us to get into it.
You're listening to the Steve Kane show, six tan WI-O-G in our left.
We are back with you, six minutes after five o'clock, Uncle Neil Rogers, Norm Kent,
our mutual attorney, and I am Steve Kane, in case you've forgotten who I am.
Now, let's just, let's go.
We have an hour left.
If we resolve our differences, or what, where are we?
As far as I know, I think we cleared it out.
Okay.
Mr. Kent.
Sure.
I think, you know, the Abraham Lincoln once said the best way to defeat an enemy is to make him a friend.
What's really at stake here, one of the best points that Neil's making.
And let's just go back and reflect upon some of the things that have happened here at the station over the past few months.
You did something that antagonized the group of black people and the NAACP is suddenly a voice to be heard from and dealt with.
If you do something that offends Jewish people before, you know, at the Anti-Defamation League is here in force.
When people go ahead and say something about eating animals, the next thing, you know, my good friend Lonnie Wiggins is here with the Animal Rights Actimists.
And if you say something about how and how, and why the gray caucus is here in force, the senior citizens, what Neil is saying, and I think it's true, I see this professionally, I see this personally, is that it gave people our targets for everybody without having a force to speak for them.
They are repeatedly slanted on the air, they are liable, they are humiliated and exposed to public ridicule without having somebody speak up for them as a force.
I like to think that I speak up as a professional, I think we all ought to speak up as persons to prevent that kind of gay bashing on the air.
And that's probably what this is about, and that's why this allegation is so disturbing.
It doesn't suggest that they're out to get Steve King because he decided to go do something with his wife on a beach.
You know, I've represented in 10 years of being a criminal defense lawyer in Broward County, I have probably represented 200 to 300 or more individuals that get picked up for soliciting other gay people.
I agree with you, I mean, I agree with everything you're saying. However, I think there's more involved here because if it's a homophobic thing, what I want to know is why did the vice squad, Steve fit to ask where the Steve Cain attended this movie there?
Well, because it wasn't just a homophobic thing.
But that's the point that I'm trying to make here.
There's more to it that means you, I think we can all agree with that point.
One might want to ask where the vice squad to begin with chose to raise the issue of Steve and Neil.
And where did they get the names from? Who created the kind of conditions that permitted?
And no doubt at the appropriate time you will ask Detective Murray that very question.
I'm sure. Will that occur at some point?
I'm sure whoever winds up representing Mr. Hill will engage in that kind of inquiry.
Okay, let's go to Miami, you're on WIOD. Hello.
