And a very good afternoon to you ladies and gentlemen. It is six minutes after two o'clock
On a day that will live in infamy
Monday, September 18
1989, I am Steve Cain. We have an incredible debate of the giant scheduled for you today
seated to my left inappropriately to my left the good right-revenue Virgin Jason Paulus and
Presently in the men's room on his way up here as we speak
Uncle Neil Rogers are gonna cross swords and Jason I was gonna give you a big speech today about not getting involved in
Theology and stuff like that but Uncle Neil was an ex- I don't know if you know this but in the days when he used to do a meaningful talk show
He is an expert in theology and will debate you point to point if you want to get off on that that would be fine on
Everdick I personally would rather you know here you just both get involved in personal attack and leave the Bible out of it
But Uncle Neil will be here momentarily. We want to thank the Miami dolphins and congratulate the Miami dolphins on a superb effort
on Sunday and
The really good news is we had a hundred bucks on the dolphins
Because you know when they're playing a team that is totally decimated by injuries and they get six points or six and a half points
What can you say?
But it turned out very well as a sterling effort and who knows you know
We don't want to get overly optimistic here, but we could be looking if we get lucky at a 500 season. I
Supposed that's possible. I think that's the bed I had with Joseph Yankee last year. I bet I'm I bet that he bet they would finish over
500 and I bet they would finish under 500. We'd bet a dinner at Burton Jackson
Mm-hmm
And when he chose lost out of the goodness of my heart I let him off the hook for it
But well as possible I could win half of their games this year
That's why you're a football fan certainly certainly and I'm not a pre-vent defense fan red blooded American wholesome
That's true sport right the pre-vent defense has prevented the dolphins from winning for many years
Mm-hmm, and a three-man line is prevented them from winning for many years
So that is an expert on football here on the right little too macho for me that football
Well anyway gentlemen, I guess suppose you're wondering why I've asked you here today. Is there any reason why I have such a short cord?
No, you want you need a longer cord? No, it's alright. Oh you can just hold it near hand
I can hold it in my hand so to say I don't like you Jason excited would you like to be on his left rather than his right?
Whichever you prefer Jason I I came on you ever noticed that he looks a little like Jim Baker
He's much taller than Jim Baker. No, sir. I'm not I'm not making that up basically looks a little like Jim Baker
I could there's a certain resemblance for Jimmy's he's chasing better looking than Jim
Don't you I'm not touching that line
But I don't want to get him nervous. Can you turn this overhead on so I can hear it?
Can't you hear the over?
You're gonna run it on that's good. Okay. There you go
Anyway, Jason. I you know uncle Neil has
offered volunteer to be here today
He is coming out of retirement in essence to do this because he doesn't do issues shows anymore
But he was so outraged at some of the ridiculous and I mean in your last show I must admit
So last show we did together you had did you even I got discussed oh you were taking a position and your position is on his side
You know I am going to let me
You know he doesn't have to take any position. Okay. I can handle
I've done many shows like this in the past trust me
He's just trying to set this up in a way to make it out of them now. Let me answer your question
I'm let me explain my role here. Sure. All right. I am gonna
You know you're gonna have more than your hands for with Uncle Neil
And I'm gonna sort of sit back here and be a traffic cop and just kind of keep things orderly and keep you know
People from killing each other, but basically I am going to attempt
To sort of stay neutral in this thing you know sometimes you know we the best laid plans of my son man
You know, but I don't really plan on on taking what is gonna be a massacre as uncle Neil wipes the floor with you and making it a
An unfair massacre. I know that you're hope. Yes, of course you do have the Lord on your side, right? Yeah
And I'm glad for that. Yeah, and it's also got the good book here
Would you think that would more than compensate for even if uncle Neil and I decided to team up
Wouldn't you say that the Lord and you would make a stronger combination? You guys are well known talk show hosts
But the Lord is well known in the city and I
The other hand I do not think that defensive homosexuality is going to
Sit well with you wait a minute. Wait a minute. That's interesting defense seat you're way off to begin with no not at all
I'm not going to defend homosexuality because I don't have to defend myself to you are anybody else are you a homosexual?
Oh, here is this like the inquisition remember Turkey motto was another one of these good Christians who in the name of Christianity
Did the same thing that Reverend Paul's
You remember Joe McCoy like in the 50s
Same thing that Turkey modded make everybody an offer that they can't refuse which is a good way to
Spread his religion another would either accept it or we're gonna chop off your head
It was a simple enough question. Are you a homosexual? No?
Well, everybody knows that the answer is yes. How about you?
I don't know how about you. How about you? What are you?
I don't know well
It's interesting if you don't listen to my show the outcome is I was driving home listening to your last appearance on Steve
Show as you started your usual returus attack on homosexuality that you brought up my name if you don't listen to my show
Then you know very little about me. I would assume I have heard how do you know that I'm a practicing homosexual?
How do you know what I'm doing? Are you a practicing? I'm asking you don't answer
Don't you're not Jewish so you can't ask answer a question with another question anybody can use that device
I know but I asked you a reasonable question if we're gonna have any kind of a dialogue you Steve would call it here today
I'll have a give and take now I asked you you ask me a question. Are you a homosexual?
I answered yes. I have no problem with that and I asked you if you don't listen to my show as you claim
Then how come for example one day as I was walking out of here
You said something about you need to find the Lord or some of that usual porn again crap that people like yourself like to a spew
I'm sorry. I don't understand the philosophy of live and let live
I don't care as long as you don't harm anybody Reverend. I don't give a good damn what you do
See and you should adopt the same philosophy
No, I don't know I supposed to trying to save me because I don't want you to save me
I want you to stop persecuting people. That's what you're doing and for you to come on
Are you ready?
You'll practice for you to come on his program and give a big song and a dance about other
35-year-old virgin to be giving a song and a dance about other people's sex life would be like Dr.
Mangle are coming on here giving a lecture on medical malpractice
I don't let him get a word in here now go ahead Jason
That was a very opening salvo. I must say but his analogy is clearly faulty
You don't have to be involved in in bank robbing to know that bank robbing is wrong homosexuality is wrong
I ask you if you're a practicing homosexual first of all because are you make a
Because you make a statement
I'm not going to sit here like we're in court on a witness thing
What are you in my private life is none of your goddamn business?
Okay, can you edit that out?
No, we're not going to edit it out. It's not how I'm saying again. It's none of your goddamn business
Well apparently even a liberal Supreme Court disagrees with you because they say that just because it occurs in the privacy of your own home
Doesn't mean that it's not immoral or illegal really that it is really and you know that in the elite
You know that if this in this state that a husband and wife have sex in other than the missionary position
That's also illegal now would you like to go around peeping in people's bedroom windows?
I would find out who's breaking the law
I would disagree with the law
The court says that's the law no, I disagree with your interpretation
You can't ask you all you want
You even know you even know what law that is you know the number of the law
Oh, here we go. Do I know the number of the law really know I don't you're gonna tell you about the number of the Florida
Sodomy Statute is what is it 800.0
Boy, we got him even here. I haven't read you know something you said you don't have to do something to be an expert on it
I'm gonna tell you the same thing. I don't have to know the number of the law. Are you a practicing?
What the law is are you a practicing home?
I asked you a question. Is this gonna be four hours of that? Is that what you're gonna do?
If I might jump in here, I'd like to know the other question
Excuse me every once in a while you're gonna have a chance to get a good one fruit to me if you're not willing to admit it
I I'm wondering why I think some of your audience would like to know
First of all I have admitted
You know first of all let me ask let me ask you this question how many out of the closet homosexuals? Do you know in the media?
How many can you name? I don't go around making that
No, I'm asking can you answer me any question?
We're not that's a silly question how many out of the closet people do you know in the media?
I'd like you to name one besides me. I don't know many people in the media
No, no, I'm not talking about
How many people do you know who are out of the closet other than you telling you as he knows?
But now that isn't enough that isn't enough for you now you want me to come on the year and tell people who I have sex with
Where I do it when I do it etc
That's not your business. That's not at all what I ask what I did ask is are you a practicing homosexual and it's taking
Ten minutes and you still not answered the question. We're gonna take a break
We're gonna take a break. I'm glad to answer the question
I'm not gonna sit here and listen to the reverence in position for four hours this afternoon
For example question if you want to be issues that's why we want to do that
You want to deal with your hatred and your tolerance that's fine your practices are an issue
When we really when we get back home reverend when we get back Uncle Neil says he will answer the question
Then we will try to move on into more fertile ground with the good reverend right reverend with the
Equalist you're listening to the Steve K show on 610 W I O D
We are back on news talk radio 610 W I O D
I just want to briefly announce as I will throughout the show. We have very exciting promotion arranged at playoffs
We have acquired by hook and crook
1968 Nolan Ryan rookie car in close to mint condition perfect coin is perfect centering this card goes
There's highest $700 and we are going to be having a drawing for it at playoffs on October 2nd
That's two Mondays from tonight and the only times you can
Enter the contest or the drawing no purchase necessary you got to come to Monday night football either tonight
Next Monday night or the night of the drawing which will be October 2nd
So anybody who is a baseball card fan you're shot at a almost perfect
Nolan Ryan rookie value close to $700
So we're very excited about that anyway, you were gonna answer that just let's put him out of his misery Neil
You know if your answer is yes, yeah, this is like doing stand major sure you keep turning that monitor down the overhead
What about six and a half?
Great wonderful. Yeah, the answer is yes does that make it?
How are we?
Half okay, let me know since I've answered no, we don't need to response answer the question. Do you masturbate?
River? I
Don't like the question. I've answered it for Steve K and the answer is negative. It's I don't think that's no good question
I never have you do you have nocturnally missions?
You know, I think you're way out of bounds
Practicing homosexual and I'm asking you certainly a human being of your age of 35 years old cannot exist
I think without a doubt no, I'm not out about biologically you cannot exist without having some kind of sexual release
No, no, I assure you that's not true. Oh, it's not true. You can well, that's a biological miracle in other words
You have semen inside of your body from what 30 years ago?
Not 30 years ago maybe 25 years ago. I
Is that what you're telling me your way out of bounds? No, I'm not your way out of
No, I'm not because you're telling you on
It's a fairy tale. I haven't gone over the audience at all
I am asking you a question right online with the question you asked me at all
I have a personal question about my sex life. I answered you honestly. I said I'm a practicing homosexual
Although practice doesn't make perfect necessarily by the way
But and you refused to answer these questions have I won?
Here we go. Have you been your wife?
Have you ever done this?
Etc. What is the purpose of your quit? Let me jump in it. What is the purpose of that question now that that you've gotten the answer
The only practices what what was the purpose the purpose of it is to
Establish whether he's gonna be objective about homosexuality or yeah
Does he have other in other words? I have to be noot or like you to be objective about sex
You think that you're objective those who are involved with your brainwashing that you've obviously been subjected to
Those who are involved in any kind of wrong doing that that would suggest are the words
You're coming on the ear and telling that people ought to be executed because they were born a particular way
Is that what is that what you think objectivity is would you like me to answer? Sure
Okay, there's a reason that people that are involved in wrong doing aren't on juries and that is because
They have been involved in it and they're the least likely ones to be objective about it
You sir are not objective about homosexuality because you're involved in those who are not involved in it
Well, how about me? How about me, Jason? I'm not involved in it or my objective
Maybe I can help you out here as a neutral party. Okay. Would you have any questions you want to ask me?
Well, if you put yourself in in the foray have you ever been involved in homosexual activity?
Oh, yeah, he already is
So that would be like saying that people are black can't be objective about civil rights because they're involved in the precepts
Not at all. The analogy is no good
You mean it's no good? There's no people who are involved. No, no, there's no sin and being there's no fine
There's no wrong doing involved in being black but there is almost sexuality
You have any idea
Statistically speaking from survey after survey you just starting with a Kinsey report and working working ourselves forward
What percentage of the male population has had a homosexual relationship at some time another and that one?
Do you have any idea what the percentage is?
Well the percentage is that we've seen recently say that although homosexuality has has grown
But because of the restraints. I mean I answer on my no you're not you're not
Let me stop you because you're not
Because you're not
That wasn't your answer. You're answering it question. I didn't ask I didn't ask
What percentage of the population is homosexual although from what we are able again able to ask to take statistically that
It goes at around 10% no, it's not no excuse me. I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna debate statistics with you. Well, that wasn't a question. I asked you that Jason
That wasn't the question. I asked you the question. I asked you is what percentage of the male
population has had a homosexual experience at some time in their life? That's a different question
So you are asking for a statistic then so you do want to get into this?
Well, I know what the statistic I'm just curious. What you do?
I would presume the ones I've seen are on homosexuality
Do you assume that every body that every and other words you're not gonna answer that question?
No, really what do you think is way what are you saying is he doesn't have the answer but which is okay?
I mean, no, no, no, no, no, no, he's not trying to say he doesn't have the answer
The fact that he doesn't want to admit that the overwhelming majority of American males have had a homosexual experience during the course of their
Adelaide. I didn't say that they're homosexual. No, no, no, no. Oh, yes. Oh, yes.
Yes, Jason, but it's a matter of your respect and it will stay. In fact, Jason, if you want to if you want to I can put it
We're not gonna go to the phones until for another hour and a half
But if you want to I can put out a little call to anybody who's a therapist in our community to call and I can
Get you 20 calls one right after the other that'll tell you that the overwhelming the over here fact it says high minus
90% it's no we're close to
I want to ask you one question now this is Tito
You say you haven't had the answer to the question. He then tells you
You've made up the test here. How do you know that the homosexual population is somewhere around four percent?
It's not near
I could find me a servant
Josh
I'm asking a question
I don't know how we're gonna have a show it'll be good
You don't allow me to respond
asking you one thing or you're asking you one thing about people who have had an
homosexual experience that doesn't make them homosexual
Let me let me handle this in my own inimitable way. Are you saying that every male listening to this show now?
Who at some time or another in the course of their life has had a homosexual experience as a homosexual?
Is that what you're telling them out there? No, that is not
Well then why do you keep quoting me figures about homosexuals when I talk about
Males who've had homosexual experience at some time in their life? Why you got in the way you try to confuse the two?
I don't confuse you. Are you confused? No, not at all and I'm trying to straighten you out what I said
I ask you the question because this if you have had a homosexual experience you're far less likely
To be objective about it. You don't as a matter of fact. You don't condemn homosexuality do you stay now?
I don't know
Let me just a moment. I've already done four hours here today
I offered to do this show
Steve took me up on a offer he had nidkko you you agreed to come in here and
Have this discussion now if I'm gonna have to meet some other criteria in order to
Debate with you or discuss this with you then there's no point in my being here. What did I stay here for?
What is the criteria that you're saying that I'm not objective?
Okay, I think that you're not objective
But you're a
Not involved in the wrong doing you're not involved in wrong doing so in other words when you come on his show and you advocate genocide
That's not wrong doing that's love and that's the kind of Christian brotherhood that you're preaching no
This has nothing to do with a genocide. Oh, it has nothing to do with genocide
Saying that anyone who commits a homosexual actor an adulterer that they ought to be executed
We ought to make the laws like they do in Iran
And off with their head and off with their hand
And we ought to do the barbaric kind of crap that you think is justice well since you open the floodgates
Let me go ahead and respond to that and I think you owe me that I think you owe me a chance to give an explanation
I believe I do believe in biblical law and I believe if we and establish the moral law of the Old Testament
This land now let me finish of the old testament let me finish this land would be safe
There would be no very very little if any rape no murder people would be safe to walk the streets
Yeah, what was the law on the old land for disobedient children? What does it prescribe in the Old Testament?
Well, I'm not sure you quite understand what the law was
Oh, what it is doesn't say we should stone them to them
If you understand what a disobedient child is it has nothing to do with a little child who will not eat his pee
How do you know that there are people that are so how do you know that well for one before I read the same Bible that you have because both
His parents would agree that the person is in courage
You're going on and there are people today in our jails today that if we let them out we'll commit
Shade crime let me pick up society would actually get her off without them zip it for a second
Let me just I want to pick up on a point and I'll Jason if you allow me to answer no
I'm going to allow if you're going to allow me to run the show all right
Which is very difficult because everybody has very strong opinions here
He don't want to pick up I want to pick up on this point that Neil brought up here like a clone
So let's say we take a child you say the Bible does not the best you can do the Bible
Tell you you look like Jim Baker you have that same little smile while you're talking on a one hand about
Executing people on the other hand you have that cute little smile
The Bible you're a dangerous person you have been severely brainwashed and you're a dangerous
Devious intolerant person it's shameful can I pursue the one that's pointing all a finger in your sinful in your homosexual
And you're in a dollar and the meantime you're sitting there with a glib smile on your face telling us that we got to execute everybody who doesn't agree with your
I got kids more than including our kids who act out you say the Bible
The Bible does not suggest you say killing our kids for not eating their peas
So are you saying that if I have a child if I have a child that just deals a car if I have a child that is a drug out of whatever it is
It's okay to execute him is that what you're telling the parents out there?
No, what the hell does the Bible say what's the quote you're in a chapter in verse?
I can tell you what what is it you got the Bible turn to the chapter in verse and read it is for disobedient child
Even its parents its mother and his father read the quote
You give me chapter in verse. I don't have the
child
By the way because I've read it and I've done this show a million times on a year
It doesn't say in cordial but it doesn't say it's a median child
So that they'll surely be put to death so that the mother and the father and any child that's both the mother and the father think that the
Society would be better off without it
And also the elders of the old man wants vigilante just to this
And that's what we know
No, I'm not going to let you go in there. I'm going to pick up on something you said and ask you a question about it
Let me explain it. What you just said is that any mother or father who decides that their kid is
Incorrigible has the right to put that kid to death
Is did you not just say that I haven't finished
Better you allow me finish but the old testament is saying is there are some
People that are so incorrigible children
Well, this is obviously children doesn't but it's it's offspring. It says children doesn't it's offspring
You can be a child but it's not talking about it's clearly not talking about a child who won't use a piece in carrots
It's clearly talking about one that the society would better off without
If I decide to decide this society would better off without that their kid they should as the Bible suggests put the kids at death
We're going to take a break reduce update. We'll be back. Let's make the Steve Key show on 610 W I OZ
You have one whole show host
You can't fight me come on here and debate this man or yes, but we have to get some water here
We have to get water that's fine, but when I will respond to him
I'd like to have the opportunity. I'm not here advocating anything except tolerance
You're here advocating hatred and intolerance. That's what you're advocating. That's wrong. You're wrong genocide
You have nothing to do with hate. I don't want to believe what's in that silly book more power to you
You tell me no, this is right. This is the answer like all intolerant born again Christians Reverend
You're the same as all of them. It's like you're cut out of some kind of a cookie cutter
The answer and don't ask me any questions and don't make a complicate and you'll use every method possible under the sun to quote from there
To justify your puke persecution not love not understanding not brotherly love and the compassion and these kinds of values
But everything is the book says that we should persecute this one
And this is a sin and isn't it interesting how the born against in these last few years as they always have to find some convenience
scapegoat first it was the women and then it was the blacks and we have all these justification for slavery and that same book
You're sitting there and now it's the homosexuals. This is in this is the new thing. Well, thank you
Well, thank you to homo
Let him get a good. Yeah, let him get a word you said about you know 10 different things
It was the Christians who helped get rid of slavery if you know anything at all about. Oh, yeah
No, it was a Abraham he'll be quiet for a minute
I think you can learn some things with Abraham. I'm gonna learn a lot from you. He re Abraham. Oh, yeah
Was it Abraham Lincoln's religious conviction that gave the emancipation proclamation?
It was if you study history at all you know, you really study
He made a deal with that Abraham Lincoln made it in the many more tolerance for blacks than most of his brethren
Okay, so don't beat me that about Abraham. It was Abraham Lincoln's religious conviction that that helped the rid of slavery
And if you look at the overall picture and in the British Empire
Of course you forget about all that happening. I don't suppose you forget about all that happened
Are you afraid to listen for a while? No, but I
Are you afraid if you want to make a free of? I'm debating here. I'll be glad to leave the rule
Okay, look I'm not interested in your words. I know you're not but I guess about 10 minutes of you
So I'm gonna go ahead and go
All right, wait a minute. Let me ask you quite. I want to throw out a new thing here
I would like you to repeat for Neil and to kind of just about give you a chance to talk about it
Why can't I want to excuse me? I will permit you to go on at length to explain why you believe homosexual should not be allowed to teach in our school
Oh, no, let's get into that later. Do you see the movie Mississippi burning? I know I rarely see it
Well, you might learn you might learn something Reverend paranoia if you'd go out and watch something other than
That's silly book. That's good if the best you can do a main calling here
Nothing going to finish the thought you know you're the best of slavery and that was a true story
You know who got rid of slavery?
No, who would you find their hatred of blacks? It was a man's anxiety black subservient with those good old Christian rednecks in Mississippi
Okay, who used to go out and burn their crosses on the front lawns of black people's houses who got rid of
Slavery in the British Empire. It was a man. Do you know?
The fact is name was James will before you don't know
Do you want to give us this?
You want to give us the
View of world history revered at the fact that slavery
You don't know by the Bible for hundreds and hundreds of years including over 400 years
You don't want to know from that you don't want to know that you don't even know why slavery was gotten rid of
Do I have no idea? I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I'm just a dummy
Well, I'm a parent for averted homosexuals that needs to be exterminated like today now
I don't believe you would really exterminate Neil. Would you really? Sure he would
Would you tell me? Yes, this is not genocide. Give me a yes
I just thought all court of heaven perinoia
Personally, I like you think the law that did that society would better off when we executed Neil is it's give me a yes or a no
And I can give me a straight answer in that I
Would not make it retroactive. I think the law should be on
I'm not going to another word different today on tomorrow
So starting tomorrow of Neil starts to sleep with women. You'll let him live
Is that what you say if the law were enforced today and he is so
Beligerent and so
Adiment in his homosexuality he will be a legitimate and adamant are you beligerent and adamant?
You are a unicism or whatever it is in your being a unic. Are you a beligerent in that in other words
You say that you've chosen to be a celibate. Are you beligerent in it? I believe that's the moral and the correct way
I believe you believe that I believe I believe
I want to ask you a question and I believe you are
Is this a pluralistic country in other words if you want me you can do anything in moral if you want see you always ask you don't answer the question
I answer the answer is a real question
I answered it quite well as a matter of fact you didn't answer it quite well
I ask you don't have the right you don't have the right
This is a pluralistic society but what does that mean it was a pluralistic society during the days of George Washington?
We weren't all Christians in that time, but we had plural laws is my fate George
Why have you really a Christian per se wasn't I think that he or come to a pain? I believe George
I have made a promise Jeffers. I have more quotes from George Washington. See the people that
I found in this country were terrified of people like you and religious intolerance because most of them came here to escape this
You do you are aware of that you know that much real history apparently you're under selective world of history that you live in
Apparently you're unfamiliar with some of the history of this country. Oh absolutely
I like I said I know nothing how many I'm in the end it sits here every day and well
You know how many how many signers of the Constitution do we have and how many of those were present?
You know I feel like I'm back in primary school. Well you are how many of them were Christian
Well, what does that imply does that mean that this is a Christian nation? Well
Never are you going to start that again? I believe a lot of our Jewish listeners are going to be very upset if you do that
Well, there were many Jews at the time a lot of our atheists are going to be very upset and a lot of our agnostics and
Animations and lots of others which are the majority of our audience when you put them all together
How many of our founding fathers were Christians of the signers of the right of the Constitution?
Well, it's all the things on the it's all the things on your definition
You even know you claim that oh history. Do you even know how many there were how many signers of the Constitution is?
Oh, geez here we go that you know your tactic
What you remind me of you ought to be a real man. No, you know what you remind me of you are a broadcast man
Because the little techniques that you play don't you think everybody in the audience sees through this stupid exercise
We're not here today to try to see who the greatest pseudo intellectual reverend
We're here because you have advocated genocide for homosexuals, adulterers
And anybody else in the world who doesn't live up to your moral standard
That's what we're here to do
It's not a non-obey their pattern. Everybody what a genius you are. What a mindless douchebag I am
That's not the purpose of our conversation. I assume by your silence then you don't know
Oh, but this what's gonna go on here for four hours? Well, he assumes by my silence
I don't know what you didn't you just call to all the founding fathers you basically you said that they were not Christian
No, I didn't say that I said I need several specific founding fathers like Jefferson and pain and possibly Washington
Who are there you know they were deers still can't know that that means they were Christians fun
They weren't the it doesn't matter fact. Oh, and I've done some research on that apparently you talk to them
Did you talk to Thomas? Well, are you gonna tell me that Thomas pain was a Christian?
Thomas pain was not one of the founding fathers of this kind of excuse me
Okay, I'm sure Washington clearly was and George Washington was clearly a Christian
I can give you a quote after quote it was one of the epic
Juanicators in the history of the world for heaven how about Thomas Jefferson not at all as a matter of fact not even not even
Not even why do you think it every motel in America? It says George Washington slept here
Well, that's very humorous, but it's not at all. Oh excuse me
We made a little joke and a Reverend almost had a chuckle there for justice. I was very humorous
Do you ever laugh Reverend? I mean, I don't have sex turn
Do you have a sense of humor or are you just like Dr. Mangala?
You'd like to conduct these these experiments in the laboratory and continue picking people to death because of the fact that they don't live up to your moral standard
You Reverend and the Nazis are no different. You're absolutely no different only you do it under the cloak of religion
That's the only difference
And the Nazis on their on the SS belts by the way it said God is with us
There is a lot that they profess to be Christians too don't so now you're didn't they profess to be Christians?
Can you do nothing more? Can you answer a question? Can you know history?
Well, didn't the Nazis profess that God was on their side to be not all as a matter of fact all they didn't
According to the Christian, according to Albert Schweitzer or if you
You mean Albert Einstein who was there he said the church was the only organization stood up against Hitler
But let me answer it
That's why they signed the Concordat in 1933 because they stood up against them
And that's why Pope Pius pretending he didn't know what the hell was going on right because they stood up so strongly against Hitler
You will live in the order twisted try to why he thought Albert Einstein was a great historian
But he was a Jew who was there and he said the church was the only organization
But if you do like to disagree with that
We'll find out if he what he thought about what the Pius did
How about Nemoler and all the rest this stood against against Hitler Hitler was not a great Christian
And he was a
He was a fair Christian. Oh, he was a bad guy. No, he was not a Christian. No, I will suffer eternity for that
He claimed to be a not at all. How about Turkey modesty claim to be a Christian? Let me all you done so far
I can't answer one question. I
And here 43 minutes did Turkey modic claim to be a Christian? I've answered an awful lot of questions
That's the only one I want another answer to did Turkey modic claim to be a Christian?
All you've done so far in the morning call
Because it's too embarrassing
They've had all these predecessors historically who run around
Crucifying people because they refuse to make you make them an offer they can't believe if you are the
Prince again godfather if you're the
Sexuality is nothing better. Godfather is nothing better than homosexuality. Yes. Yes. Exactly. You do
As a man. You're a little embarrassed about it. I'm embarrassed about it. It took you about half hour to admit it
I'm in the year 13 years ago. Oh, it took me a half hour to admit it
Have you ever introduced someone into homosexuality? No
What are you smiling? He looks just like you baker. No, it's disappointed
I didn't have a lot of the yes on them. How many times do I have to answer the question? Well, I know I've never had ever had
Let me ask you can I ask you a question? Did you have you ever introduced a lady to heterosexual?
I'm not sure all the implications
You're any question
What what we don't bring about you don't understand the implications
What's the answer? Let me repeat the question
Well, have you ever
Introduced a lady to heterosexuality? Are you are you saying are you asking sounds like a simple question? Let's let's let's let it go a little bit here
What go ahead now you're gonna have to go ahead? I have two radio talks your host that are advocating homosexuality
I have a whole show
They're putting words in my mouth again. I'm advocating
I'm waiting you're letting them up the floor. Neil I'm not advocating anything
We are gonna take a break what I'm doing is fighting your sickness
We are in tolerance. We are gonna take a break when we get back. See now. I must tell you one thing. See he did that to you
But did he have you had no good? No, could you guys you off on the
I'm gonna find the answer to what you're asking. Well, we are gonna take a
I'll tell you what watch my lips. I'm gonna do it real slow when we get back
I'm gonna give you the commercial to play to search back and do every see me thing you ever done in the history of your life
To answer the question, all right? The question is you asked Neil and he ever introduced a lady with a homosexual
He said no right out didn't think about it didn't qualify. I didn't want to know exactly what you just said no
There's something before you take the break
There's something that just hit me like a lightning bolt okay
Earlier in the Saur as the Reverend was probing desperately for all of these sexual sins that I've committed
And I asked him does he masturbate and he said no and I asked him does he have nocturnal emissions?
And he said no if this is true that means he has never even experienced the orgasm
So again like I said in the beginning of the show him giving a lecture on
Your way
Mangle a giving election on medical malpractice you lost and even know what it is you lost
We have to break here. I'm gonna repeat the question when we get back
You're gonna tell us if you have ever in the course of your 38 years. I want you to explain it in an organ
What do you want to explain introducing somebody to heterosexuality?
You know I teach heterosexuality is true, but I think don't know have you ever?
You know you know what it is. Have you ever introduced by your out?
Who do I have to be to know right from wrong?
You know the case or the case is wrong.
A back year okay?
It's a down year right.
Ooh, come back here okay.
I'm listening.
I am asking you the question in the sense so this will help you to understand in the same sense that you
asked near the question hold on to your answer and whatever it was like bringing an Arab bond to give recipes for
Halivan until we get back you're listening to the Steve K show on 610 W I O D
Hi, we are back. We are on new stock radius 610 W I O D. I just want to remind you a whole you've had some time to think about it
I asked you if you have ever had an occasion to introduce a young lady to heterosexuality in the same sense that you asked Uncle Neil
If he had introduced anyone to homosexuality answer that is what as you explain the answer is no no so you've never
never petted never
touched a girl's breath nothing here I mean will we I want to know for dealing with a real candidate for
Sango already told us he's never had an orgasm so he does never experience but I do
I do object to this and again if you had any if I have answered that question before you have to be an expert just a doctor
and you have finally has to have why is it okay for you?
Why is it okay for you to ask him about your sexuality question?
Oh but but when you're asking the same question I'm so good I don't get into the graphic details of his personality
about graphic detail you certainly are I think that's not about it's not about.
It's not about asking if you've ever had an orgasm that is we're not describing it we're just asking a question
I think that's out of bounds I think it's clearly out of it.
Well in other words like like most born against you set the ground rules in other words we're playing with the
three striped for balls and you just make it up as you go along strike one you're out this guy makes it up as he goes along
in the interest you know if you will get any medical doctor on the phone he will tell you what is physically,
biologically impossible for a year what 35 years old for any male to live to the age of 35 without having an
orgasm either voluntarily or involuntary it is true it is impossible this is true.
Jay don't let you are in fact maybe the second coming I think that you're way out of bounds.
No because I'm questioning your veracity here I don't believe it I don't believe what you're telling
what he's saying in a nice way is that you're lying I'm I'm questioning your civility I think this is
way out of bounds. Oh in other words when you come on and begin the program by by asking me in a very
militant hostile way are you going to be practicing homosexual as if somehow that's a good
deming admission it took you about half hour to admit it because I wasn't going to play your game
right. I don't know I'm not going to sit here and allow you to do a verbal
inclusion every every virtually every religion in the world condemns homosexuality there's a reason
there's a really why they're in the news to you but I'm reading just in Europe this summer and you
know something also I listened to the show you had with Steve it's amazing how much BS you
spew out when you're unchallenged and you talked about all these varieties it's universal in about
how homosexuality is condemned I hate to break the news to you there's no law against homosexuality
in most of the your Western European countries it doesn't exist as a matter of fact I'll go ahead
and matter of fact Denmark is just recently legalized homosexual marriages uh you talk about
societies and their views of individuals so how much sexuality is not condemned anywhere in
the Netherlands in any of the Scandinavian countries in Denmark in fact in most of the most most
of the world let me let me go ahead and admitted that on our show he had sure countries in this world he
had to go into the third world I see there's a limit here but all they accept homosexuality no no no there's
simply mature you know how many countries are aren't like because they don't condemn other people
simply because they're racked not you know how many of the factories are the one the the Iranians
again like you did last time you know how many you know how many countries are in the world and how
many have here we go again with okay well let me go ahead let me go ahead and tell you yeah because
there are a hundred about a hundred and seventy countries in the world and approximately twelve and
we heard the list of them last time haven't only in the last few years really having some degrees
let me ask you no way no way no way how many years did we have civil rights let me go ahead this has
not been a year's if women it has a lot to do with the fact that you're a boy it's finally no
no no only but surely changing so there's prejudices that religion is like you continue to try to
promulgate almost like you're waiting and wearing a way almost actually what you're what you're
going to give in the right to the right to be ready not what you're women minority right to vote
almost sexuality clearly can you hear what you're women given a right to vote it is clearly what you're
all blacks given a right to vote it is not what year was brought to the board of a minority it is not
a legitimate minority you can sit there and you can say it from now until six and it's still
won't be a reason for you to be homosexuality to blacks and to women I haven't
appointed it to any certainly have with the kind of certainly have that you let your kind of
law begins try to promulgate that logic that won't hold water anywhere well we're talking about civil
rights you know what civil rights are I certainly I know what civil rights are that's basically
the no that common denominator and there's a first of all you're a minority and I get into a
discussion of what you just said almost sexuality is not a legitimate art first of all let me
tell you why tell me what the point of court is that about it with black tell me what the
Supreme Court said about it you want you want to listen to what I'm telling you do you want me to
tell you what you want to answer a question you want me to tell you what you want to hear all right
we have got a break one hour down three to go don't go away folks it's just warming up you're
listening to the Steve Cain show with the good right Reverend Virgin Jason Polis and Uncle Neo
Rogers right here on six ten that's what you do as a homosexual back with you on news talk
radio six ten W.I. Do you going to get that information that we requested over here in the
thing would be better you know why that is because it's my show and I introduce people the way I
want to that okay I was making the point that in the in the history of the world the homosexuality
has been outlawed in virtually every civilization yeah like you're a role-menghering in a question
about even right now I'll do the history of the world even in the last 15 years we have mentioned
there are a few countries in Europe that have now made it legal that that represents about 8% of the
of the civil world how much I'm what about the civil about eight eight percent
that we're not going to beat that in our country got a 171 but the 171 that you're talking about
of in the darkest continent of African picnies and headhunters but cry that loud along with the
Iranians if that's the best you can do you're in real trouble you're and you have 12 out of 171
you're sitting everyone else are civilized and and even then of these countries is just in
within the last 15 years and tell me has has morality and improved over the last 15 years or
basically has morality decreased and gone down over the last 15 years it's no quistness to have
measure that well you have all sort of thing is drugs rape incest yeah no quality no question since
there's been a more enlightened attitude about homosexuality the drug problem is directly tied
into that and the murder problem is tied into that and prostitution is tied into that and white
feeding is tied into that anything that's evil I see here we go I would like to hear Jay
from that can't wait wait a minute here we go that how are they laid earlier this you think
it's a co-incident a moral moral or Roberts and the jury fall wells and I'm getting I'm getting
I'm getting a little tired of being compared to people that I have no desire to be compared to
the statement and then maybe you'll understand what I'm getting and I'm not comparing I'm not
comparing you to them I'm comparing your rhetoric to theirs and it's isn't it interesting that
this agenda of the far right born against all it just by accident all mirrors itself all of these
people constantly pointing to the homosexuals and this is the reason we have all of these problems
in our country today it's called looking for a scapegoat it's the same thing the Nazis did in the
30s and 40s and you're doing the same thing you're doing more name just like the Reagan mentality
and playing calling is the best you can do you have well I'm starting to void our history
fan I'm citing this I am but it is true you might add to your list of countries who condemn
homosexual you might add Nazi Germany because they definitely did is that not correct is that
homosexuals in the gypsy where the first ones to go be or is that not a de facto Christians they
were the first ones to go to it is that not in fact a belief system you share with Adolf Hitler
and and you put your shoes on the way same way Hitler did what what does that have to do with how do
you know how Hitler put his shoes on were you there do you understand the point no I don't because
I think that maybe you put your shoe your boots on the same way that he did I would like to get
back to something that you so let's get in a little content here because I think you have some
interesting ideas and I like to have you develop them how do you I think Neil brought up an excellent
point how do you tie the drug dealing in the murder in the rape in the mayhem and all this kind of
stuff what has an increase in homosexuality assuming there is one which I don't but for the sake
of argument we'll concede that how does homosexuality cause all of these other ills that you see
it's a sign well I do believe there's a causal relationship but I also believe there's part of
the sentence what the causal relationship is more importantly it's a simple that more importantly
you say you see a causal relationship I would like you to tell me what the causal relationship
the idea as we've seen the moral slide it is no accident that homosexuality has become more
militant as as basically what does that mean what the hell did you just said we've seen homosexuality
grow basically as we have a fascinating and we've listened to him and we've listened to him and now we
think late 40's early 50's Kinsey said that 6% of the adult male population was homosexual
masters and Johnson said that it was between 6 and 10% you quoted studies earlier recent studies
that say it's only 4% so where's this epidemic of homosexuality drinking according to the
devastating where is it well you can see statistics now you don't like statistics but you can
see them in statistics well they're your statistics it's dropped evidently to 4% so how is it growing
well I think that it that it will grow as a matter of fact I will now it's profit pullers not
Reverend Paul as we have the profit pullers who's predicting do me a bloom in fact we're on the
road of Armageddon and midway down the road will be a big increase you know I want to go back to
something you said before but there we go for no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no I like
attack that because I assure you that almost sexuality is not the same no nobody is born we have
seen we have seen they're all recruited by Neil Rogers we have seen societies we have seen even
even in California and over in San Francisco when they passed gay rights legislation
AIDS became a problem. It is not an accident. It is not an accident.
AIDS became a problem when they passed homosexual legislation.
What did that legislation have to do with homosexual activity?
What did that legislation say about homosexual activity?
As we loosen the restraints on homosexual activity, it got worse.
No, that legislation had nothing to do with homosexual activity.
Oh, it was an accident.
You want an answer? You just want to rant and rant.
I'm not ranting and raving.
It's like you're raving it to you.
It's a re-election against homosexuals in housing and employment.
It had nothing to do with legislation dealing with homosexual activity.
And you know that.
You know that.
You know that.
The 70-eight Vanaryl disease has gone up about 24-hundred percent.
And that afforded homosexuals.
That's only homosexuals.
Among homosexuals.
Among Vanaryl disease have gone up 24-hundred percent.
And that's only an event.
Of course, it's only an event.
Your argument.
The period of time that AIDS came into our society.
Your argument is that it's just coincidental.
No, that is very weak argument.
No, you're saying.
I'm saying there's a definite tie.
And I think most thinking people will, uh, touch you and tell.
Well, Daniel, give it some thought.
I mean what he's saying makes a lot of sense.
In other words, they pass the gay rights ordinance in San Francisco.
And a homosexual or the epidemic of AIDS swept the entire country in the world
because of the legislation in San Francisco.
And that makes no one known.
No, no, no, no, no.
That makes a lot of sense.
No, I did not apply that again.
That's not the point I made.
Don't give you a...
When you take...
When you prefer a fairer way, you're with the fact.
When you take away moral restraints.
There were no moral restraints taken away.
All it did was stop people like you from discriminating against people
because of their sexual orientation.
It's homosexual.
It's homosexuality legal in San Francisco.
It's homosexuality legal in San Francisco.
Homosexuality is not illegal anywhere in the United States.
That is wrong.
No, it is not wrong.
That is wrong.
Homosexual acts are prescribed by many of the states.
But being a homosexual is not illegal in the United States.
We're talking about homosexual acts because it's a homosexual act.
It's a homosexual act that causes venerality.
And by the way, and by the way, the very acts that you are referring to
that are illegal in various states are heterosexual acts as well as homosexual acts.
You are aware of that.
Are you not?
I think most laws, most states do not have laws that would prohibit the kind of activity that you're talking about.
Of course, like in Georgia, the man where the man went to the U.S. for 19 months
because he had oral sex with his wife.
Most states don't have laws like that, right?
You know they do.
About half the state.
The autonomy law.
The autonomy has got nothing to do necessarily with homosexual.
Of course.
It's got to do with sex acts outside the missionary position.
Heterosexual.
You understand that?
I understand that.
That's exactly what it is.
That's exactly what it is.
The etymology of the word, sodomy than you do.
For a man who's never had a sexual experience in his life again, your expertise to me is astonishing.
It's amazing.
Like I said, it would be like a Saudi Arabian coming on the year here and giving us a lecture on kosher, a delicatessen food.
It's just incredible.
I just can't believe what expertise you've got.
You don't have any idea what you're talking about.
Who do I have to know to be to know right from wrong, the O'rodgers?
Who do I have to be to know right from wrong?
Who do you have to be to know right from wrong?
Who do you have to be to know right from wrong?
It dictates right from wrong.
You know most most people.
It doesn't say in your book, Love, Dineber is the itself.
It doesn't also say judge, not less DB judge.
You're sitting here and judging everybody who doesn't look at the world through the same warped classes as you do.
Virtually every religion in the world will condemn homosexuality, both the old and the new castor.
We did not, we did not back when that came to go religion again.
Oh, you're against every religion in the world.
Can you name one religion in the world that says it's okay?
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Let us say, judge, because it's time to take a break it up the host.
Is that all right?
Is that all right?
You're taking a shot.
You see that clock?
See what that says?
What time's it saying that clock?
Go ahead.
You see what time it says?
Three, fifteen.
That's break time.
It was okay with you, Pastor Paul.
I wish that you were neutral.
Well, was that mean we don't take commercial facts to make you neutral any again?
It's getting the operation already.
It doesn't cost a lot.
I'll even chip in.
We will be right back.
You're listening with the Steve Cain show on 610 W I O D.
10 W I O D.
I think we have sort of set the premise for the show now.
We can take a couple of calls.
Oh my God.
See if we can, oh, there's that word again.
See if we can find some, you could, you notice the way when you use the word God that Jason kind of tightens and pushes you.
I don't like the Lord's name, he's clearly using it.
He doesn't even believe in God and yet he uses his name in a vein.
Why don't you name it?
No, I'm not using his name in a vein.
I'm speaking the way I speak.
Okay, and it's America.
And I don't care whether you like it or Senator, ain't no way like it.
That's the way I speak.
It's a figure of a, okay.
But are you clearly using Lord's name?
This isn't a dictatorship.
And it's also not a theocracy.
Okay, we don't have a Pope.
We don't have a religious head of state.
And as a result, if you want to believe all these fairy tales, and I shouldn't say fairy tales,
you're clearly not fairy tales.
You are, believe these bovamaisis.
That's up to you.
You're powered to you.
I don't happen to share your superstition, okay?
That's my right.
Do I have to believe that?
Do I have to believe that?
You don't believe it.
No, no, do I have to believe it?
In this country, you're free not to believe it.
Okay, thank you.
But let me go ahead.
You say that with a, with a kind of a tinge of regret.
Well, of course he does, if he can.
No, I'd have to believe it.
Christianity or religion cannot be forced.
But you like to give it a shot.
But what bothered me, you said it bothered me?
It clearly does bother me.
When I hear people using the Lord's name and they know I don't want to force anyone to be religious.
But I do think society has an obligation to help people to be moral.
You have no, to not help them to make you have, you have no constitutional rights to be moral.
You know the way to make an offer that you can't refuse.
I'm not immoral.
I'm not guaranteed.
I'm a hell of a lot more moral than you are, because I don't run around preaching persecution and hatred like you do.
And I've seen you guys come and go a dozen here and a dozen there.
And I'll always say like you all the time.
You're saying kind of intolerance and the same.
Oh, I know all us terrible faggots who are out there destroying the world and bringing society to us.
Is that basically why you don't want to see gay as teaching in school?
Because you're afraid they'll destroy our young people.
I think they're a terrible role model.
I think the country should do everything that I never had one teacher get up in my classroom.
Will you allow me sexual practices?
Will you allow me to finish?
Did you go to public school?
I think it is.
He won't, he won't tell us.
I think it is a wrong practice.
I think the state ought to do nothing to promote that sort of thing.
I think it ought to be illegal.
I think it ought to be illegal.
What ought to be illegal?
I think homosexual activity ought to be illegal.
How about teachers?
You want to have a witch hunt to find out who the homosexuals are?
It's not a matter of having a woman.
You realize that if they took all the homosexual teachers out of the classroom that most public schools would close tomorrow, you do understand that.
Oh, I see.
So you're saying that the most having teachers?
I did, I did.
Again, putting words in my mouth.
They have to close.
They would allow you to use that school to have the show.
That's a sad thing.
Oh yeah.
Why?
Well, I think he's overestimated their ability.
I'd like you to find one student in the listening audience.
Kids are all out of school now.
I'd like you to find one student who's had a teacher get up in a classroom and tell a class either of their heterosexual or homosexual or any kind of sexual activity.
I never had that experience.
I don't know of anybody who I ever went to school with or any of my acquaintances who ever had a teacher get up in school and even discuss such a thing.
So when you talk about promoting a lifestyle.
Society and government and an obligation to discourage immoral activity.
Did you in the course of going to school?
Not a response to what I had.
In the course of going to school.
Excuse me.
Excuse me.
In the course of going to school.
In the course of going to school.
I just did.
In the course of going to school.
Did you ever have a teacher get up in classroom and tell you who they were sleeping with and why and stuff like that?
Of course not.
Okay. Then why would you assume that if a teacher is up in front of a classroom whether they're sleeping with a man or a woman that a student would even be aware of that?
Well, I think it's a bad example.
I had to.
I was at a bad example.
How is it an example?
You don't know it.
Because you know, you ask two different questions.
I know that some of my teachers as I was growing up were probably homosexual.
No, no, wait.
More probably.
How did you know that?
Well, they had very effeminate characteristics.
Oh my gosh.
And it's not something you go up and ask.
Oh gosh.
You were operating under the stereotype that you can always tell somebody who is gay from that gay by whether what their physical characteristics are.
No, I cannot believe you.
You know, I have homosexual friends who could pick you up with one hand like truck drivers.
Well, maybe a little piece of minstrel against the wall.
They may be true, but it would be a homosexual.
More ordered.
Huh?
That may be true.
So maybe someone I'm talking about being a more stereotyped dog.
I'm talking about the kind of thing that's asking that.
You see the interesting question.
The truth of the matter is most homosexuals aren't like that.
Most homosexuals are effeminate.
How do you know that?
Oh, brother.
How the hell do you make a stable of that?
Well, that's the best one of all.
But I want to hear how we reach that conclusion.
I think most people would agree with that.
Most homosexuals.
That's how you rethink your own claim that most people would agree with that.
I get a chance to debate homosexuals all the time.
Yeah, and of course people like Steve bring on every swishy queen that they can find.
And that's exactly what you love.
I could bring on 100 homosexuals.
It would be a hell of a lot more masculine than you could ever hope to be.
Football players, baseball players, basketball players, bodybuilders.
And that still would make it right, wouldn't it?
Well, that's not what we see how you keep changing the subject.
Well, that is what you're talking about.
That is what you're talking about.
You see what you just did is you exposed your whole sham.
No, not at all.
The stereotype that you want to promote.
The swishy, they're all effeminate, they're all dangerous, they're all promiscuous.
No, no, no.
They're all doing this.
If you are a despicable, you're terrible.
You are despicable.
I was answering his question.
If I'd ever had a homosexuality.
I said that I'm not going to let you know.
Stop, everybody.
Everybody, those sexes.
Those are effeminate.
That's what you said.
Mr. Rogers, stop for a minute.
What I am curious about is how since Jason had all of these probably homosexuality.
How the hell did you ever grow up straight, Jason, with all that evil we can't say that he is.
Well, we can't say that he is because he's a unit basically.
He's like non-sexual.
How did you know, not at all?
You're asexual, you said you never had a sexual experience.
That's what you're getting among the hook here.
I want to know how you ended up straight with all of these maleficent influences around you in this classroom and your youth.
Well, I think it is, you know, again, it's the position that I take.
I think it's the correct position.
It's the right attitude.
But how did you overcome all of these evil influences that you thought in your mind with there?
I guess I can thank my parents.
Did you ever stop to think that maybe you were projecting all of these homosexual impulses onto these teachers?
I had good parents who told me that homosexuality was wrong.
They told me that lying was wrong.
They told me that stealing was wrong.
Well, if they told you lying was wrong so far today, then you've broken that one.
What I'm interested in is your stereotype because I think you'd be, you know me, I wouldn't kid you about this.
The fact is, the fact is a lot of people, because you're a regular, you know, when I say a character on the show, a lot of people know about you.
I get questions about you all the time.
People have said to me in listening to his voice, I don't know whether they're influenced by, you know, your sexual activity or lack thereof,
but they say they have this underlying feeling in listening to your vocal characteristics and some of the women who work in the station who have asked me about you,
they get a sense that your characteristics are gay and I keep having a lot of that.
Well, I tell them that.
We can only vote for them.
I tell them that.
I stand up to you, but the point that I'm trying to make to you is people get the impression from looking at you that you have gay characters.
Not at all.
And I've never been like that.
Don't tell me not at all.
I'm telling you what people are telling me.
I mean, I know you're not.
That's not at all true.
But I think you are the perfect example of how somebody can have slightly effeminate characteristics and not be gay.
I do not think I have a feminine characteristics and I resent that.
Why would you want that?
Well, we certainly know that there are no gay priests or ministers.
We know that.
Well, that really has not certainly not the priesthood.
Is there any, is there some kind of a scandal there that we might need to talk about during this show?
You can talk about it.
Because those people call themselves Christian.
I'd be delighted to talk about it.
I know two priests in South Florida who are gay, who have abused children, who have interfered in people's relations.
And I find that you know, you bet it is.
And I think that they ought to be defraught and I think they ought to be in jail.
And this kind of thing goes on all the time within the so-called ministry doesn't matter.
We want to talk about Jim Baker or about any blacker or any of these other porn or chaos and adulterers and whatever they are.
Excuse me.
We can talk about biblical law.
We can talk about natural law.
We can talk about the laws of the land.
I've already told you that we live in a country of laws.
The biblical laws are not the laws of the land.
Well that's why I'm willing to talk about the other laws.
That's why sodomy is illegal in this state.
That's why I want to tell you.
You realize what percentage of your audience broke the law last night?
Married people in their bedrooms broke the floor to law?
You're looking at one of them.
I don't think you will find them.
Call the sodomy police immediately.
Sodomy generally refers to homosexuality.
Wrong.
Absolutely wrong.
No, it is.
No, look at it.
No, no, no.
He's going to keep repeating it like he has a lot of other things.
No, no, no.
You don't confuse him.
You have a dictionary in the building?
Neil, you haven't even looked up the law.
The law.
I've read the law.
We've had, don't you think I did this kind of a show for 15 years, Reverend?
I will.
Before I decided it was hopeless and that's certainly not what you were feeling like.
It certainly doesn't sound like it, but did you have made a good character?
No, because I don't have a fact.
If I don't have the number of the stands, my mind is the best that I ever know what it says.
The best that I ever know what it says.
Calling which means that you have no argument at all.
Right.
Go ahead, try to defend morally homosexuality.
Try to defend your position.
Defend it morally.
First of all, let me say this, if two adults are engaged in consenting behavior that gives pleasure to me.
You wanted me to do something and now you're interrupting me.
Do you want to let me finish the sentence or not, my Reverend Paranoia?
Yes, you let me answer you.
Yes, go ahead.
As I say, when two adults are engaged in consenting activity that gives pleasure to each other without doing any kind of harm,
how in the world do we have to justify that?
I don't have to justify that to you.
In fact, if you and your other people of your ilk would mind your own business, there wouldn't be any...
That's correct.
All right, we have to go ahead and be very calm.
We have 30 seconds.
Let Jason...
Keeping Jason's.
The Supreme Court has already said the Constitution doesn't confer a fundamental right upon homosexuals to engage in homosexual activity.
And the fact that homosexuals conduct occurs in the privacy of a home does not affect the result.
Is that the same Supreme Court that says it's okay to have abortions?
You don't quote them on that, though, do you?
Well, I think they're one of the reasons I think they're wrong.
So what the hell are you quoting them as a source?
You don't even believe what they're saying?
Because they can't even...
No, no, no.
They can't even have an act or an act of the Supreme Court disagrees with both of you.
All right, we are going to take a short break for this whole thing.
And, do you think we will be back?
You're listening?
We are back with you, Hon.
News talk, Radio 610WIOG.
Let's take a look.
I just discovered something by the way.
He tells me for the last 50, it's 13, by the way.
13 years since I came out of the closet that I've been arguing for homosexuality.
I didn't know that that's what I was doing.
Well, you certainly are.
As I said at the beginning of the show, I don't need your acceptance.
I don't want your acceptance.
I don't give a damn about your opinion quite frankly,
because you're a very disturbed individual.
I feel sorry for you.
But as far as, you know, that line about promoting homosexuality clearly...
Well, you clearly are.
No, I'm not promoting any of that.
And it's clear.
I'm trying to promote you to do that.
I'm trying to promote tolerance, not homosexuality.
You sound like our friend Jack in the Gables.
You sound...
You don't think you've had a conversation with him before the show, do you?
I really need to direct your polling camp vote for everybody else.
I really need to get in here to explore something in your mind here.
Are you suggesting that Niels promoting homosexuality
from the point of view that he is, since he is admitted he's homosexual,
that he then becomes a role model?
He's more than being a role model,
but I think it's an immoral position.
I mean, he's just saying who he is.
Are you saying that that in the end of it so?
I want to explore this with you.
When he said it's all right to be homosexual,
he says that there's nothing wrong with being homosexuality.
Now, here's my question.
Niels Rodgers gets on the air.
He says it's all right to be homosexual.
I get on the air and I say it's all right to be a homosexual,
a homosexual, whatever you want.
Are you suggesting that because Niels and I say that it's okay
for somebody who wants to be homosexual,
to be a homosexual, that you would start having sex with men?
I'd clearly know I wouldn't lie.
But I think that you could...
You could have let me tell you one thing.
There's a whole thing you can't make chopped liver
or chicken liver out of chicken.
What were you worried?
Can I put it in?
Drop it.
Chicken drop.
How do you try to say that no one has ever influenced
into homosexuality?
You are what you are.
Yeah, exactly.
To go back to something, can I just...
That's exactly what I'm saying.
But I give you a little education.
To go back to something Steve asked you the first hour
when he was talking about statistics.
Because someone may have a homosexual act,
because they're confused or because they're going through
adolescence.
Or because they're experimenting.
That doesn't make them homosexual.
You are what you are.
And when you pick up a magazine, when you're 12 or 11 years old,
and a picture of a centerfold in playboy arouses a young man,
that probably means he's heterosexual.
And if it doesn't, then a picture of a young...
Whatever he might be with almost no clothes on arouses the same young man,
then he's probably a homosexual.
Nobody wakes up one morning and says,
Hey, I decided I'm going to be homosexual.
Or I decided I'm going to be heterosexual.
In an genetic...
More and more.
Well, let me go ahead.
Whatever you have in it.
Whatever Jason, you can bring in environmental factors
if you want to.
Whatever, it's not a choice.
It is not a choice.
Nobody gets up any more.
No more than you could go to bed with another man.
No one...
You're no different than anyone else in the world.
He can never...
He can never want to.
He can never accept that.
Because once the thing has started admitting to that,
then their whole argument is gone.
Because they're trying to suggest that they're conscious.
This is a conscious immoral choice.
That would be like saying that somebody consciously wakes up
in the morning and decides they're...
If you have a show, you have to let me answer some questions.
They're going to decide and decide who you like on the air.
They're going to be black.
No, I can't...
I can't just decision.
I can't let them...
Go ahead.
I can't.
I came on to debate two of the largest talk show hosts
that are advocating this position.
I think it's clearly wrong.
I think the majority of the people,
even in this community, think that it's wrong.
Where are you in those cases?
About 80% of the people think that homosexuality is wrong.
For them.
No, the question was, is homosexuality right or wrong?
That's what Governor Martin thought about abortion.
Who actually went out and took a survey?
They found out even a big fact that you're the best argument
is to call me a bigot.
I'm telling you, I'm not calling you a bigot.
You are a bigot.
No, I'm not a bigot.
You are a bigot.
No, certainly not.
You're just another eight-off Hitler.
No, no, no.
I'm not going to retract that.
That's what you are.
If you didn't have the kind of laws in this country to restrict people like you,
you'd be out there stoking the ovens right now.
And don't tell us otherwise because you would.
The best you can do...
Is tell the truth.
And I apologize to me in calling.
It's the calling.
If that's the best of your argument.
If you've ever had an orgasm, have you ever had an orgasm?
Have you ever had an orgasm?
I resent your question.
Why?
It's been from the whole thing.
You're sitting here making all kinds of moral judgments about sexual activity.
Not only homosexual, but heterosexual as well.
Why would you have a reservation?
You won't ask your question.
Why would you have a reservation?
You are.
You are answering that question.
You're talking about sex.
Like all these born against you.
You're talking about sex.
Why are you getting deal with it?
Is it that the answer to the question would make you look bad in your mind?
Is it why can't you answer a question?
It seems like it's an innocuous question.
Very simple.
Yes or no?
I think I've answered it before you many times.
Yes or no?
Yes or no?
Have you ever had an orgasm?
You're out of bounds.
Oh, I'm out of bounds.
You're lost.
You're the basketball referee.
You're right about it.
You're way out of bounds.
And I don't expect you to ask that question of anybody who comes up on this show.
You're lost it.
Why not?
I have really lost it.
Why not?
You're way out of bounds.
I'm out of bounds.
I really think you're sitting there and you're telling everybody in the audience that I'm immoral.
Why?
And that's all these other millions of people are immoral.
And if I ask you a very simple biological question, I'm out of bounds.
I believe both the Bible, both the Old and the New Testions, but there are other religions in the world.
And all those religions, almost all the religions in the world are in them.
I can damn home with that.
Yeah, I can damn a lot of other things in the whole of the world.
I can damn each other as well.
Don't take that.
Why do even countries that don't believe in Christianity who don't even believe in it?
Well, I hate to break the news.
All European countries that I mentioned to you before, the predominance.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
The dominant, the dominant religion.
There are all the countries that I mentioned to you before is Christianity.
And you have a post-Christian.
I'll get out of here in Christianity.
The fact is that the fact is that the direct is post-Christian Italy is pro-Christian.
How many of them go to church?
Do you know what their church attendance is?
Is somewhere around 4%.
Oh, that's about the same level as homosexuals in this country.
Yeah, I wonder if it's all homosexuals.
I don't like that they're like, let's go to that.
Let's go to Pompano.
We're going to take our first call.
Pompano, you're on to here.
Hello.
Don't get upset.
Neo-Rodges is on to upsteed pains ratings which are poor.
Thank you.
That's it.
This is the best we can do for a hate call.
Pretty sad.
Isn't there anybody else here?
Here's some of the degrees we're chasing.
Hang on.
There's nobody.
I'm just trying to find one caller to agree with Jason.
They may not agree as to the extent of how long it is.
I don't think anybody can come out there that want to execute homosexuals or a adult.
We're not talking about the right mind.
We're not talking about the extent of the punishment but I think most people agree.
You did the last time we were here.
We're talking about the embarrassing that they're in tummy.
I should be executed.
Is homosexuality right or wrong?
The majority.
No, we're not here to ask if it's right or wrong.
We're here to respond to the correct thing we agreed on the year last time.
We agree that the majority of people would agree that homosexuality is wrong.
Absolutely.
No question.
No question.
Thank you.
The only thing that the majority of people would agree on abortion is a woman's choice.
Come on.
Now they've taken all these polls.
76% in Florida.
I don't believe in it.
I don't believe in a poll because you don't believe in a poll.
You are.
Every time we have an election, they just don't lose.
Tell them who won the last election.
We had three people who were four abortion.
Three people who were against it.
Who won that election?
Which election you're talking about?
The last one we had.
The presidential election.
No, the local election right here.
We had three people who had been there.
Oh, I see.
And the fact that all the Cubans came out and voted for really on a roster has nothing to do with it.
Tell me who the government is.
Tell me who the government of the state is.
Yeah.
And you know something?
You know something you're a governor.
The governor is telling who the country is.
And tell me who the president is.
And tell me who the president is.
Tell me who the president is.
Oh, geez.
Here we go.
Now the politics start coming in.
I'll roll.
I'll roll.
We have finally.
Jason.
Jason.
We wouldn't take long before the right wing Republican.
We have finally.
We have finally.
You are.
We don't happen to be Republican.
What?
We have to be Republican.
What is it an issue?
You happen to be Republican.
Are you?
Are you?
Are you a Republican?
Sure.
Oh, what an accident.
Another Republican's war.
I'm not ashamed of it.
What a mystery.
We have found we have been raised.
Jason, shush.
Why do you do that to me and not to hand?
You've clearly gone way out of bounds.
You've taken a position and it's clear from this.
I agree with Neil.
Of course.
So what?
Am I supposed to agree with you?
Am I supposed to take out my brain just to be neutral here?
Not at all.
I finally found a caller who agrees with you.
Good.
We're in the fire monitor.
Here we are.
I'm glad to put my IQ again.
Miami.
You're on the air.
Hello.
Let's see if this one can do better in the West.
When are you there in Miami?
How can it be?
Yeah.
Okay.
First of all, Steve, you haven't had a chance to say much today.
But the one thing you managed to say,
if Jason could have heard it and let him hear it,
is the biggest problem with Christianity
is that they got so many different branches and offshoots
of it fighting against each other.
They're not going to accomplish what God wants them to accomplish.
And he is a perfect living example of that.
I thought you were supposed to be in Jason's side.
I do agree with you.
I agree with you.
I'll get to the part where you agree.
Because he needs health badly here.
I'm not preventing any other denomination or religion
from doing whatever they want to do.
I'm clearly not talking about Christian Jason.
Sure.
Let me direct myself towards Mr. Rogers.
Neil, let me promise this by saying,
I promise this by saying, I listen to your show.
I think you're a very funny man.
And I love your show.
However, however, the point that Jason is trying to make
when he talks to you about homosexuality
and when he talks to you about the wrong things
that mankind is perpetuated throughout history.
Like the Spanish Inquisition.
All kinds of things.
And the crusades.
You know, religion is not something of God.
Oh, no way, but why are you smiling and laughing when I said that?
Were those good things?
Neil, religion is not something of God.
God has no place for religion.
I did not try to defend those things.
But you said it's just an instinct that you have to go back 800 years.
Is it for a little bit?
Let's move it up a little bit.
Let's move it back up to the Salem witch trial.
Why was it okay for the...
Go ahead, sir.
Don't get off.
Go ahead, sir.
Don't get off.
Go ahead, sir.
Don't get off.
That's a real intention.
Go ahead, sir.
Make no sense.
You're sure as correct?
Yes.
Do you believe in God?
No.
You don't believe in God.
I believe in ethical Judaism, sir.
It's got nothing to do with God.
Okay.
Can I prove to you that God exists without...
No, without...
I'm not going to hint it about you.
Sir, can I tell you how many of these shows I've done with people like you
and many others try to...
Look, you believe what you want to believe.
Sir, can I finish a sentence?
He's a car.
He's a guest.
But I listen to him.
I want to respond to him.
You cut him off.
Let me explain something.
I'm cutting him off.
I'm not even going to give you a thought.
You're not cutting him off.
Let me explain.
Listen to some academic argument that proves these...
Sir, I believe in the Parliament.
I believe what you want to believe.
I want to explain one thing.
And I will.
Real quick.
A bargain question tries to convert other people to believing in Christ for the reason that that
is his purpose in Christ.
Whether they want to or not.
No, not whether they want to or not.
Sure.
Now, you're absolutely wrong.
The people that perpetuate this who are trying to impose their beliefs on people who don't want to believe them
are the ones who are causing all the problems in Christianity.
You mean like Jason?
Do you think, like, the moral law of God?
Do you think that's just for Christians?
Do you think no only Christians should not lie to you?
Or do you think that's for everybody?
I hung up on him because we have reached a break point.
So we'll be back.
You're listening to this.
Carly, we are back on News Talk Radio 610WID.
Let us go to Miramar.
You're on the air.
Hello.
Hello, Mr. Kane.
Yes.
How are you listening?
I'm listening to the show for a few minutes and it just seems to me like the other guy, not the reverent, but the other guy.
He's kind of losing it a little bit, you know?
Yeah, the other guy.
I don't know what the other guy's name is.
The homosexual.
The homosexual, right, right?
The fag.
No, I'm not going to call him a fag right now.
The homosexual.
Yeah.
He just kind of...
You called yourself a homosexual, so I think you should own up to it.
I should own up to it?
Sure.
I've owned up to it publicly for 13 years.
How long have you owned up to the fact that you're a unit, River?
I never claim to be anything other than what I am.
I hope to be married one day.
Why don't you hope to be married?
Well, you're not going to do it at the right year going.
You're off to a very slow start.
I appreciate it.
Yes.
I mean, could I ask you...
You can ask me anything, sir.
I can ask you...
I want to ask you a question.
But is it...
I've heard so many times.
I'm not a homosexual or anything, you know?
But...
I believe you.
You sound like one, sir.
I believe you.
Does everyone have a swishy voice, sir?
Okay.
You sound a little fruity to me, pal.
Really, okay.
Well, that's okay.
It seems to me, or I've heard many times that a lot of the homosexuals are people that were...
at one time or another as little kids abused or mispeeded or something like that.
No, not true, sir.
Where did you hear that?
Who told you that?
Well, I mean, it's just something that you hear.
It's like people that end up being jailed as a young kid.
If you get to mispeed, it comes out of jail.
Sorry.
No.
Okay.
Well, that...
Well, I have to disabuse yourself of that notion, if I can say it.
So to speak.
Now, how old are you?
How old are you, sir?
I'm 26.
You ever had a homosexual experience?
I had never in my life.
No.
No.
Never thought about it?
Never.
Well, good.
The reverend loves you very much.
Well, nice talking to you guys.
Okay.
Thank you for the call.
I think I was happy.
It was happily departed.
Well, he's starting to think.
No, I think most people will agree.
I agree with you, guys.
He didn't say that.
He didn't say anything of the sort.
He just said he never had an experience.
He said he never had an experience.
I could do it.
I could.
I could.
I could.
I could at least have had some sexual experience.
I could tell the youths.
I could fill these phones for two hours with heterosexual males for two hours.
It would tell you that at one time in the life they had homosexual experience.
And most of them would still say homosexuality is wrong.
How do you know?
I think you can try to do whatever you want.
Maybe most of them don't care.
Maybe most of them are...
I think what you would find is 90% of them will tell you that whatever consenting is all
wants to do is okay.
Well, that's really...
Do you want to do a survey?
You really want to?
Clearly, because you have consenting adults doesn't make it either moral or legal.
They're talking about what the majority of people would say.
I am telling you, we could do a two-hour lightning round here with people calling in.
And you would find 90% of the people here would say that whatever consenting adults
want to do in the privacy of their home is their own business.
And I will tell you, assuredly, that just because they're consenting adults makes no difference.
That's your opinion.
No, not at all.
Just look at the opinion of the public.
Don't you understand me?
Tell me his mind.
He's the deal.
I can blow away your argument right now.
Mr. Rogers, is suicide wrong?
What the hell is that going to go?
It only does that.
Another word that doesn't do harm to somebody.
Right?
We're talking about acts that don't do harm.
Okay, very weak.
You can do a lot better than that.
No, it doesn't do harm.
Okay.
It still does harm to the individual.
We're talking about consenting acts that don't do harm.
And you know that.
So don't bring in some ridiculous thoughts about that.
The point I'm a scientist at you, you can do whatever it is that.
The suicide is wrong.
The suicide is wrong.
You can do better than that.
The suicide is wrong and homosexuality is wrong.
Right.
And so it's where moral don't do.
Moral don't do.
Moral don't do.
What's the reason?
Why is that?
Why is that?
What's the reason?
What's the reason?
What's the reason?
What's the reason?
Why do you keep interrupting me?
Miami, you're on the air.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi, how are you doing?
I'm doing good.
Listen, my name is Terry.
I live in Hong Kong for the city.
But I'm from New York.
I talked to you guys earlier this morning.
I began with who died and left Jason Boss.
I'm not boss, but you were, you know, I'm clearly agreeing with you.
It's just the right hand.
No, no.
My grandmother is a Christian from A to Z.
I'm not saying I'm perfect.
I believe in God in my own way.
The one thing she's taught me that I've handed down to my children and my grandchildren.
And that is, you can hate the person for what they've done, but you cannot hate the person for who they are.
Well, I would...
You're condemning these people.
You don't learn nothing.
I'm condemning homosexuality.
I'm not here to condemn homosexuality.
I'm not here to condemn homosexuality.
I'm not here to condemn him.
I'm here to condemn homosexuality.
Oh, it says, same line.
And homosexuality.
And we love the sinner, but we hate the sinner.
Tell me what is what is what?
We love the sinner, but we hate the sinner.
Do you think God is in favor of homosexuality or is he against him?
Has anybody...
Has he spoken against homosexuality?
I have never heard anybody talk down homosexuality before they're dead.
Have you read what the Bible says?
He's a loving, tolerant person.
He's either the old or the new testament.
Have you read what's his name?
Not just the Christian, but a loving, tolerant person.
The major religion of the world.
Even if it's not acceptable.
He's a human being.
He is an obsessed, the Old Testament.
Christianity accepts the Old Testament.
Listen.
When you ask you, do you know any homosexuality?
What did you tell him?
Do I know homosexuality?
Do you know anybody?
Yes.
And you can't condemn them to him?
I condemn homosexual activity, certainly, and God...
Because God does.
I don't think it can be you.
I'm sorry. Could you repeat that?
I don't think it can be you.
No, certainly not.
All right then.
Because they don't bring it to me doesn't mean that it's all right.
That does not...
I can't excuse that activity.
I haven't had many prostitutes come up to me either, but her activity is still wrong.
If she's a prostitute, and I'm still going to speak against it.
Because they don't affect me doesn't mean that it's all right.
What do you think God meant when he condemned homosexuality in the Old Testament or the New Testament?
Which does condemn homosexuality?
That is wrong.
So, yes, it is wrong.
Exactly. So that's why I'm here to try to help people realize that it's wrong.
When you're raising your kid on a moral quest...
You're trying to help a moral quest.
Isn't that what you said?
On a moral quest.
Why do you...
Why do you not want to tell us what you said the last time you were here?
I'm not executing homosexuals in adultery.
I'm not backing down from the biblical position.
Okay. So in other words, again, he wants to emphasize that he thinks that...
Homosexuals and adulterers and fornicators should all be executed.
Along with...
We can handle all this obedience.
And also disobedient children who are in court here.
If you're going to make fun of the position, at least let me explain it to you.
No, I'm just quoting it.
I didn't say I'm making fun.
I'm quoting him.
People don't understand where Heinrich Wallace is coming from.
It's an ideal, but it's also a requirement of God.
God commanded it.
And also, if we had that in force, we would have a safe land, a land with not nearly the violent...
You know what this is?
I'm here already.
Have you ever heard the excuse somebody...
Somebody does something evil.
They say the devil made me do it.
You heard that a million times.
Same thing in reverse.
God told me to do it.
That's why I'm going to execute your bad person.
Well, is God wrong?
Yeah.
You're full of him.
That's the rule.
In other words, if you're...
You're a person.
Even though who are reasonable...
God.
Even those who are reasonable to leave him.
God cannot say that it's only God who can make the judgment.
And if there's a judgment going to be made, it'll be at the appropriate time,
not by Reverend Paranoid Pollis.
The New Testament did nothing to overturn the moral law of God.
That's the...
Where parents set, they decide their kids...
They're not going to help society.
They're not going to help society.
They're going to stop their kids.
They're going to stop their kids.
They're going to stop their kids.
Do you find the chapter in verse one?
Did you give me the Bible back, please?
I'll trust me.
I'll find it for you.
Okay, you're having a great deal of difficulty.
I'll find it.
All right.
We are...
We are going to...
You know what?
You don't mind him going to your Bible, yeah?
Did the lady have any other questions?
No.
She was going to hung up.
Because we are going to...
We are going to take...
You were having enough trouble with the moral law of God.
The moral law of God has not been overturned.
All right.
We are going to...
I'm so glad to hear that.
We are going to take a break.
We've reached a halfway point.
God bless us all.
God...
What does a tiny Tim say that?
Yes, God bless us that we want.
We are going to know about him, don't we?
We are going to break for the...
They always said that.
That's him.
I was never quite sure.
That's a say, if you guys...
We were...
Tiny Tim.
Don't you know Tiny Tim, not from a Christmas Carol.
Tiny Tim with a banjo.
Right.
Don't you have a sense of humor, Reverend?
Come on.
We are going to be back.
You're listening to the...
Wait, not a little while.
I didn't stand W-I-O-D.
He'll be going through the Bible here, trying to find that...
Good.
Parents killing their kids, according to Old Testament law.
And he has agreed to totally stay out of this next segment because there's something that...
Has come up that disturbs me deeply.
And I need to explore it with you.
And I want to remind you going in...
Not that I have to remind you you're born again Christian.
You're obligated to tell the truth, right?
Everyone ought to tell the truth.
I agree with that.
I agree with that.
I think you ought to start.
I agree with that.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
But that's a good example of moral law.
Everyone ought to obey moral law.
Now, let me ask you a question.
We received a call from a young lady who was sort of telling Nick an interesting story that I need to check out with you.
Do you know a lady named Cher?
Yes, I do.
Tell me about her.
I debated against...
With her at another news...
Park Radio.
JNO, right?
WJNO, that's correct.
She is a topless dancer.
Is that correct?
No, that's not correct.
She was with some of the topless dancers that I debated against.
She doesn't work at Moories?
I think she's Dan's bar there.
Did you ever...
You met Cher on the leaf owl show on JNO, correct?
Yeah, but this is getting into...
No, no.
You have never done anything that you're ashamed of that you wouldn't talk about, have you?
No, but again, I don't...
Oh, great.
That's fine.
Well, it's just...
You know, find out.
You know.
Did you ever call or have contact with Cher after the program when you met her?
Yes, I have contact with her.
Okay, you want to tell me about it?
Well, you know, I haven't seen her since then.
We talked for a while after the radio show.
You never stopped by Moories?
No, no, I haven't.
So in other words, if she said that you'd never saw her after the day of the show...
If she...
In other words, if she said you don't think so...
No, I haven't seen her since the day of the show.
I have talked to her.
You call her?
Yeah.
Yeah, I did.
But there's nothing wrong with that.
Well, I don't think...
I think it's the healthiest thing I've heard out of you in the time I've known you.
I'm not criticizing you.
I think it's fabulous.
I just...
What is your...
I mean, if you don't mind me sharing, what is your interest in this lady who works at a top-less board?
We talked for a while after the show and I have talked to other people.
I've talked to people that have been on your show.
You know, it's...
We continue to disagree.
What's your second question?
I assume Mr. Rogers doesn't want to continue.
If she...
In other words, in her conversation with Nick, if she said that you would stop by to see her at her place of work, she would be lying?
Yeah, I think...
I think she would tell you that I have not stopped by there to see her.
Well, that wasn't what I asked you.
I have not...
I've called...
You know, I've not stopped by there.
You just called her at home?
No, I called the place that she works at.
Ah, okay.
You talked to her.
Okay, and is this...
Is your interest in her to kind of save her from this life of...
So, from what I understand she's a very well-endowed lady, too?
Is that correct?
Am I not supposed to speak to her?
No, I...
Jason, I think this is terrific.
I'm here to help you encourage you along these lines.
I'm not...
It sounds like the kind of thing that I would have done before I was married.
And I think it's...
I want to know if maybe being on the Steve Cain show, I can take some credit for opening up...
Why?
You up in this way?
Well, I haven't gone out with girl before, that's what you're...
Well, but I mean, it's just one kind of interesting that you would call her at a topless bar having met her.
I mean, I didn't know...
And what I...
My concern was whether you were trying to save her soul or whether you were trying to act in a normal way and, you know, maybe, you know, get involved in something physical.
No, thank you for your concern.
I appreciate that.
Can you...
Can you...
Answer my question?
I mean, is your interest in saving her soul or procuring her other parts?
No, wait a minute.
What do you mean by...
I'm asking you a straight question.
If I were to ask her out, I see nothing wrong with that.
I think it's fabulous.
I think it's fabulous.
And if we were to continue our discussion, there'd be nothing wrong with that.
I think that's fabulous, too.
Is this the first time?
I don't think it's fabulous.
I would warn her ahead of time that she's in for a lot of reasons.
I don't feel like that.
I thought I'd agree.
Don't feel like that.
Is this the first time you've ever dated anybody from the topless entertainment industry?
Well, I mean, I visualize you as basically you're going out with Bornegan Christian.
You're a big part of your pattern?
I don't think that I've dated her.
Again, I've not seen her since that time.
You've never asked her out.
You never asked her to get together.
She may be giving us a wrong story.
I called her up to get together and she was busy then.
She asked me to call back of Ivan Busy since then.
We've not gotten together.
That's...
But your interest in saving her soul?
I was interested in talking to her after the show.
But I'm interested in talking to many people after many of the shows that I do.
I think it is wonderful.
Well, I'm really interested in her too.
I'm sure that's why you brought it up.
I would encourage you.
And there's nothing wrong with it.
I think it's quite to the contrary.
I think it's a wonderful thing.
And I like the direction I surprised at it.
I'm surprised at it.
Well, I was surprised when I heard it.
But I would like to encourage you to continue to try to reach this way.
I'm going to say it again.
It's biologically impossible for a 35-year-old man.
Not to have had any kind of sexual experience.
It's biologically impossible.
I haven't found that one past but here's another classic.
This is so typical of God's where he kind of misses the target.
Well, you're hardly afraid.
It says, David said to Nathan,
I've sinned against the Lord and Nathan said to David,
the Lord also has taken away your sin.
You shall not die.
However, because by this deed you have given occasion to the enemies of the Lord to blaspheme,
the child also that is born to you shall surely die.
So again, this is the sins of one generation falling upon the next.
And it goes on here.
Nathan, on the seventh day of the child died.
Does that sound fair to you, Chris?
That's just what God does and loving God.
In other words, if you're out of your mind.
Or a great grandfather did something sinful act.
Therefore, you should die on the seventh day after your born.
That's justice.
Is it?
That's the same kind of sickness.
Well, I don't know what to hear him account for.
What do you think is all true?
It's all true here.
Does that sound fair?
If I admit it, it's the Neanderthal people who wrote this crap
and you know it as well as I do.
Does it deny that vehemently?
What does it sound like justice to you?
If I committed a sin that my child died after seven days,
does that sound like just to be fun to death?
God has the right and he takes you.
If you want to call it blame, God is a big enough God.
It's a big enough God that can blame you.
Does it sound like justice to you?
It's an adieu.
Does it sound like justice to you?
Why is it your angry because you're beginning to see a picture
of the holiness of God?
The holiness and the justice.
Absolutely, just.
That's right.
If somebody else commits a crime, let's kill you.
In other words, if we can't get, wouldn't that be great?
That would be a tremendous way to increase the statistics
with the law enforcement agencies.
You know, they'd be a lot more effective.
If they can't catch the real criminal, let's fry somebody else just to make everybody happy.
From their parents.
From their parents.
From their parents.
From their parents.
From their parents.
From their parents.
From their parents.
From their parents.
From their parents.
From their parents.
From their parents.
From their parents.
From their parents.
It's not there randog we have to say anything?
Sentoms are allowed for lectures, maybe for a ladiesaramczyn  desolit patents.
Would you agree that you attend the commencement?
Jason I mean this is so too hot take it off
We can't say penis on here. See he is hyperventilating now. No, I know that one Jason. You're getting upset. No, I'm not upset
I don't what is calls for a physical exam and you have been I'm not able to work believe me but I think it calls for an exam
I don't think it's you know he could be on her all the do you realize what a hit he could be he could be on her all though
I don't penis got him hysterical penis how about nose
Some you see your problem is like all a born again Christians anything that has to do with sex you become absolutely hyperventilating
You get it. I thought you started quoting the scripturing you start the condemning how many times about quarter the scripture today?
Oh many no not many times but I will tell you the Bible does say homosexuality is wrong and we
We've heard that
The majority of people believe and it also said that whether you're
Your son or not
The world agree
I want to tell you something I want to tell you something I'm gonna do something
Is this juvenile or what mr. Homosexual?
Did you call me?
Because of my meat because that all I am continue because every time he is the every time he goes to the martryu
I'm homosexual and your paranoid
It's not true and I'm not paranoid but anyway the bottom line is that I encourage people to read these fairy tales
You know why because if they will really sit down and get that book out and read it
They'll realize that all right
People who wrote it why they wrote it in a real
Rejected article
Harkey
It's filled with a lot of things. There's no question but when we get back I would like you to find what you said you can
I want you to find that passage where it talks about all the people that God wants to stone and do away with them
You know the adulterism he can't find it. He'll find you can find it
I mean I found that one I can find about the part about homosexual rather rather
Ravada I want the part about it. I want the part about it. I can only find the part about homosexuals pronto man
That's like right in his finger. That's part of that. That's what he wanted. All right. We are gonna take a short break
Let's check in with oh, excuse us
We are back. I see you got a 16 WYOD. Did you get these new prices from Toyota?
Hollywood
This has been an eye-opening. I want to get back. I want to ask him a question. Well, I'll ask the question
But I think that during the break we can we finally got a tremendous concession from Reverend my poor
Making progress. No, I think we will maybe you started out with visions
He's got visions of sharing his mind or whatever that young lady that voluptuous young lady is and
He said we were talking so I said in the Bible somewhere
It says that it's also a sin to spill the seed which means master babe and he said well
He said I don't believe in capital punishment for master babe. I think I think that was such a concession on his part
That I love you any audience may may have a free mind. You may rest easy tonight. Okay. No
I thought that your implication was that they were in the same category and clearly
The Bible I just said it's a sin. I believe that it is I'd like to ask you a question
No, but doesn't it say in a screen? Why is it that it's so difficult for you? It's just a book Jason
Let me help you just that it's a sin. It's a sin. That would you want me to say okay?
Well, it doesn't it say that in the Bible?
Still in your seat is a sin not specifically no. Oh sure does. Oh come on
No, you have one who was condemned who was punished for it
What there was but there were they were mitigating circumstances in that particular instance
But I'd like to ask you a question and he was so would you would you agree that my position is
Consistent with what the old testament. I know you don't agree with it
But you would you agree that it's consistent with what the old testament teaches? Yeah as well as no
No, it doesn't say anything about executing homosexuals or adulterers in the old testament
I mean it's got all it's got a lot of hate and a lot of oh are we gonna have to go through all this scripture again?
It doesn't it doesn't go in I thought it does
I thought it does
In parts of it it does but the part of the Bible he's talking about it doesn't I mean the part that we're trying to find which for some bizarre reason
He can't find about stoning to that the children and all the other litany of
Rook has punished the short and three lines going ahead and read it there if there's a man who lies with the male
As those who lie with the woman both of them have committed a detestable act they shall surely be put to death
That doesn't Leviticus chapter 20
I'd also talk about someone who lies with the animal of it. Let me have the Bible back. There you go
He finally
I'm begging you but will you say now he knows I'm gonna I'll read that I'll read it okay
I have no problem with that you admit that you were wrong about what the Bible teaches no well I'm part of it
Yes, okay, I have forgotten about that great love
For one have no problem in saying that you are equally as absurd in your belief system is the Old Testament is and killing children killing
It's a real testament is not absurd. I give you credit for consistency
You know, I think most people even if they don't go as far as we evangelicals go will say that the the old testament is
At least basically accurate is clearly not written like a fairy tale is is filled with historical
I love where I love in the mind where they talk about blood offerings and all of that so that's terrific
And of course that's so contemporary. It's terrific. What do you think of the Santa Ria?
I'm talking about you believe in blood offerings. No, certainly not
Well, it's in the Old Testament. Oh my god. I believe in the moral law of God that is that is for all time
What about what it says in the Old Testament?
You were you telling me that you can system with the Old Testament? You must believe in blood offering
I don't want to read the segment on blood off. Oh, it's quite long
I believe let's get a little what Jason's into here. Go ahead
Says what is left of it Aaron and his sons already? This is that's talking about
Handful of fine flower, but we get on here to the
Now this is the law of the guilt offering it is most holy in the place where they slay the burnt offering
They are to slay the guilt offering and he shall sprinkle its blood around on the order
Is it that on you wait a minute then he shall offer from it all its fat the fat tail and the fat that covers the entrails
Oh, that's that's the two kidneys with a fat that is on them which is on the loins and the lobe on the liver
He shall remove with the kidneys and the priest shall offer them up in smoke on the autores and offering by
Fire to the Lord who is a guilt offering every male among the priest may eat of it
It shall be eaten in a holy place. It is most holy. You do that Jason. No, no
Says right here. You said that the Old Testament is
Now those the moral law the Old Testament is valid. There's a clearly
Selective piety
You can ask the questions the moral are the things that are always going to be so things like lines teal and cheating murder rape and almost like
homosexuality. Oh, yeah, let's buy the way in that trolling for boys on the year
I think this guy's been hanging out with jackfruit by I really do
By the way in that in the Bible if you want to continue the sacrificial system you have to do it at the temple
And there is no temple anymore. So even if I were to want to I couldn't oh I have to go to temple
But there's no temple of Israel like there was back then. Oh, there's a temple of
Right up in the street and there he said and did they do any sacrificing there? No, because it's pretty there
It's smart enough to understand that a lot of this is symbolic gobbledygook can seem to the minds of protein deficient
No, bad swandering the desert superstitions
The primitive and pericel more and bound to the whole world educated
No voting from this to justify their hatred. That's all it is
quoting from this to justify the
I totally are secured. I truly hope that you turn away from your
Your all I know and I hope that someday you're enlightened enough to at least I don't think you're much
But at least at least be somewhat you're enlightened so that you can get a tolerant tell just a little bit of tolerance
How about that of the hate that you know about all the other nations in the world and the world together?
They all hate homosexuals. They all hate homosexuals. They all hate homosexuals. They all hate homosexuals.
All the nations in the world. We have many
I'm only about
Well, I'm only about 12 out of 17
To be circumscenters. They have a lot of going on getting
All right, okay, well, we're we got a break for a news update
What I want to know is but really because I'm still hung up on that share thing
Did you when you call share at her place of work this topless bar for a date?
Did you have in mind knowing her in the biblical sense? No, certainly not
You didn't have biblical
I want you to know listen you gotta let me read this okay. This is about lepers go ahead
Then the priest shall look at him and if the swelling of the infection is reddish white on his bald head or on his bald forehead
Well, I hope the birds not listening like like the appearance of leprosy and the skin of the body
He is a lepros man. He is unclean the priest shall surely pronounce him unclean is infection is on his head
As for the leper who has the infection his clothes shall be torn and the hair of his head shall be uncovered
And he shall cover his mustache and cry
unclean unclean that sounds pretty good. Well, it was a contagious disease and very contagious
And they were trying to isolate and they did that effectively
And he shall cover his mustache well, that's one that's one of the reasons the Israelites didn't suffer some of the other diseases
That some of those other centuries. I'll cover your mustache is according all right
Well, I wish everybody this week would get out these bibles and read if they if they haven't had a few good laughs recently
They'll be on the floor
There when we get back on the floor there is no book in a history of the world like the Bible thank goodness when we get saved
Maybe mind we get back when we get back we will get a little duteronomy 21 18 check that out duteronomy 21 18 you're listening to the Steve Caincho 610
W I O D all right, we are back on news talk radio 610 W I O D
We're going to write a great wrong which has been done over the last couple years on the Steve Caincho
Where I don't permit the quoting of the Bible
I think we've done a tremendous disservice to the good book and what we're going to do for the next hour if you have
Any suggestions for Nick. He's going to keep a line open and date and and browered about some of these horrendous Bible verses
Like duteronomy 21 18 which we're about to go into that you would like to have past your polls count for
What we're going to do for the rest of the show is we're going to do a little Bible reading on the show
We're going to get into the real nitty-grinayodian favor reading the good book
I'm sure I wish you'd pay more than two thousand to listen. All right
Do you know why you want to trouble finding this because in my Bible it's got twice as many pages because one pages in English the other pages in Hebrew
So I'm looking like way in the back here and it's not it's in duteronomy
So we thank whoever called and this is duteronomy chapter 21 verse 18 if any man has a stubborn and rebellious son
Who will not obey his father or his mother and when they chastise him he will not even listen to them
This son of ours is stubborn and rebellious he will not obey us
He is a glutton and a drunkard
Then all of the men of his city shall stone him to death
So you shall remove the evil from your midst and all his real share shall hear of it in fear
And if a man is committed to sin worthy of death and he has put to death and you hang him on a tree
His corpse shall not hang all night on the tree
But you shall surely bury him on the same day for he who is hanged is the cursed of God
So that you do not defile your land which the Lord your God gives you as an inheritance and then it's time's reasonable now listen to this
I don't listen to this
Listen now here's some that I had never even seen before her although would go nuts
That after oh wait a minute now you've got to hear this chapter 22 verse 5
I had trouble taking a woman shall not wear man's clothing
Nor shall a man put on a woman's clothing for whoever does these things is an abomination to the Lord your God
Well, just what it what let deal with them separately
We'll let the first one about killing the kids. I have big sense. Sounds like good parenting. Well clearly
It's not again. It's not a little kid who won't eat his vegetables
It's clearly something far far more serious and I believe they're people today that are you got to hear our keep goes
That gets drunk oh no
Right to the snow this is if there is a girl who will encourage you to a man
I don't think another man finds a city lies with her then you shall bring them both out to the gate of that city
And you shall stone them today. I mean do
Just before you go on I will but don't want to me chapter 21 and 22
21 and 22 are the best I mean this is a classic example a real good
sampling of the kind of hate and the kind of nation
Well, we're just not stoning everybody of that. I mean if you look at
The crossides don't them today. It's in his head. He believes in this. He's his believes. Yeah
He says he's going to be talented. How do you feel about this?
Stoning if you're married if you're engaged to grow as a version of guy goes to bed with the taking both out
The stonem to death in front of the city you believe that right? I do believe in the moral law of God
Yes, right? The answer to the question. Well, I am answering the question
I think if we had this this is not only God's ideal of God requirement if we had this people wouldn't engage in in the activity that we've described here today
You have you have a land that would be safe
You think we should have you'd have a lot of you have a land that would be safe people would be totally safe
You wouldn't have you know a hundred rapes right? So let's you would walk everybody in and repress them so much that they don't do right
I know that you want the right to be immoral, but there's no such rights
It's just like having capital punishment from murder is now we see this normal murder, right?
I when you've got rid of capital punishment
You know what happened when we did for 10 years capital punishment
But now we have it back. Thank God. Hey, but now there's no more murder right the murder rate doubled when we took it away for 10 years
And just all this time the murder rate double went to the way for 10 you are
Now what it says now that we have you are for stoning
Now that we have it back that the murder rate is going down. I don't think that's a question
I don't know if you think our capital punishment the way we administer our punishment is too lenient
Okay, let's get chapter 23 now this again. These are so good
Because this is a loving God and even if by accident you should have some kind of deformity or some kind
He's also adjusted. Oh no question
No one who is emasculated or has his male organ cut off shall enter the assembly of the Lord
No, no one
I hear again. This is something no one has any can do all these things are things that people have no control over
No one of illegitimate birth shall enter the assembly of the Lord. Okay, so again
You could be an illegitimate child have no control over that you should never let go
I don't want to let go on the time. I want to wait. Listen to this
You want to know but yeah, but let me finish the quote to you
Let me finish believe me. No biblical expert. Oh, I know
He's reading the chapter
I'm as a single correct person. No one has no biblical
intellectual entity assembly of the Lord. I know and you're no jack Kennedy
None of his descendants even to the 10th generation shall enter the assembly of the Lord
So for 10 generations we're going to punish those people
Who are descendants of someone who was born
I don't know. He was your likes to come
Yeah, certainly would he's not talking about punishing them
What he is talking about is requirements to enter the temple or the priesthood
And you know, you know why that is because the priest had to be without blinish
Which again is what the behavior of another lamb had to be without blinish and Jesus wasn't so
But so what you're saying is Jason that if four generations ago your great great grandfather had had a child at a
Weblock and that you were caught up in that ancestry that you wouldn't be allowed to preach today. No, no, no, that's where oh yes
Yes, that is what it said
I found one one
Laws for is like a
Characombs entering into the priesthood. I got one here that so far you haven't gotten any
I got one here as well. You haven't gotten anything. I've gotten plenty. Okay, but not lately believe me
You're no biblical expert. Oh, I know and you're no genius
Number 10. I'm not sure that you know that if there I don't have any evidence here for almost three hours
If there is among you any man who is unclean because of a nocturnal emission
Then he must go outside the camp. He may not re-enter the camp
That's correct
Well, then why did God create that how is that possible? I mean, that's a volunteer volunteer
It's an involuntary thing. You're the one that's saying is you know normal and good
I didn't make any judgment. I just said it happens. It's a biological
It's it's involuntary. I didn't say anything about normal good battery and different
I'm not passing judgment like you are
But how then why did God create the possibility for that to happen? You're sleeping all of a sudden this horrible terrible thing happens
And you're a sitter involuntarily what what God is saying is there
Requiring when you come before you're too much, but there are certain requirements when you come before him
And he has the right to make those rules, right?
Uh, you know a woman who doesn't answer my question again
Well, I say I want to say if I have to go you allow me time today
You didn't ask where you allow me I could retire. Well you allow me. I'm
You're not answering the question you all you don't let up is let it let's get them to go please go ahead
It talks about being ceremonial clean and unclean doesn't have much to do with the actual sin when a woman has her period
That is also called ceremonially unclean
That's not saying that it's wrong is you're saying that's a fact and God is saying that there's a thing wrong with it
No, not at all God in this in this instance is talking about being ceremonial is unclean
Good and desirable in the eyes of God you're the expert has the right to determine you know the people that come before his
Is God is unclean in the context that is using the Bible considered to be good or bad
I you know you're in that particular point
You know God is saying if you're going to come before the temple you have to have
Fulfilled the requirements. He's not saying so there's something wrong with you if you're unclean
He's saying that he won't be lost
And you couldn't if you were blind you couldn't come before Lord
He's not
You couldn't you couldn't be
That's a loving God. That's not why you can't become a priest if you're blind
That's not the point his point was he was foreshadowing as a matter of fact
Why couldn't a lamb a lamb had to be without spot without blinish? Why is that?
Because the Messiah was that way. Jason this is a bunch of
Iberish not at all gobbledy cook not at all conceived in the minds is meddling mario hair would put it of protein
No, Matt's
To loosen it tell it why why they have you know about a thousand prophecies in the Old Testament about 900 have come home already now
We're here with that again. I'd be glad to do a show a whole show about how many prophecies have come true
There's no book like the Bible the correct doesn't do it
You know how many books do you know that can prophesy something before hand
If prophecies are broad and generic and general enough you can
Not 100% look at it is equal to the way of the way of what about the middle of the heart?
The entire it's specific it's specifically says a whole city will be not all destroyed but tossed into the sea now
Exant of the great did just that oh another homosexual. Oh my god
Wow, did you better watch yourself? Well another homosexual?
Did you look at all those what you refute what I just said the prophecy? Can you refute what I just said another
homosexual? Why are you putting Alexander the great? How come if it was prophesized it would take a homosexual to carry this prophecy out?
God can you as many oh yeah, he works in mysterious
You think a hole on that one baby. Oh, just that again. We're gonna take you to be talking about the angel
short great for
Joe Brennan with Metro traffic brought you by Bell South ability cellular network
On this talk radio six 10 W I O D 11 wine fine momentary to hand or later
All right, don't forget to be coming up October 14th and 15th. I just mentioned that oh I turned away from this
I had marked which of course is the part of this real bubble my see here the new testament and
The decimates true. Yeah, oh absolutely no mistake about William Ramsey
You say it's true. I have to I don't have to do any more investigation if you say it's all that
They are theologist have looked up by the cities. No car you can deny that but he can no question about it
You're heard of an oscar as the put his head in the sand. Yeah, yeah
Highly motivated not to believe that by there's no there's no
You're a guy with Reverend paranoia
Because he's made up to mind he's got all back and forth if you'd like to argue I have to do that for three hours
I have no good all because you've got all I haven't heard
I haven't heard of argue on this third of what you are I had a hate monitor that you are no
I have no hate for even I do the kind of eight-offular mentality that you're trying to warn me
Oh, that's good. No, it's not in
It's true. It's absolutely true. I have no homosexual no question about it absolutely and I have no problem with that
I'm just like Hitler and Dr. Mangle you are
No, I'm not
No, I'm not I'm the best looking you for the kind of a hate that you preach has nothing
Just like all of these born again cultists
You know there are a lot of great things to this
You're going to go into this you're what are you equating homosexuals with rapists?
I think the Bible certainly equates them certainly. Yeah, I think they're both
They're not so they have in common the Bible equates them. You know they're clearly
What is the relationship forgetting about the Bible and just switching if you can with an ab switching the common sets for the moment
Well, the Bible is what does rape have to do with a homosexual act between two consenting as oh both are immoral
Yeah, both are wrong everything in God's opinion everything is immoral
Is this not consistent both of you all the air have admitted this very good my position very consistent without the Bible teaches
We're trying to figure out how the Bible feels about you calling share at a topless bar and lusting in your heart only only I would say there are many
That many can't say anything without him. He's too
Now what he just did look what he just I didn't
He responded to that I didn't hear it. He accused me of lusting after somebody
You want to tell me you had no luck now mad you're a Christian. Yeah, you sat there looking at her with her humongous
Mamedia you're telling me there was no lusting
I that was not I want the truth. I think you're an attractive girl
It's as well as an attractive man. There's not a lot of what made her attractive
A good figure but doesn't that make her sexually attractive? Is that a fancy?
You said no of course not but why can't you talk about it?
But I think so what hey I'm not a time what's going on?
So physically and psychologically I'm talking about it. I want to really I want to tell you
You're going to tell me there was not I want to tell you you're not going to help you
Tell me you keep telling me you keep telling me what's in your mind
I'm asking you to get out of your mind and into your heart the bottle of drugs that I'm lusting in your heart are you telling me?
Carter had of course he was in that
As you look
Yeah, that's all I have to do. There was not the slightest bit
Not the slightest bit of lust as you gazed at her breast
I stopped myself from not if I got what he's facing her
Now he turned to the wall
Well, I want you know your friend we foul had I said up so he was
He was looking at her and I was not that's the way he was
But that's why he was called her back after what she'd get a good look from the crowd
All certainly not well, I want to go out with her was there any
Was there a hard one that don't Christians have
Structural dealing to her each other
There's a different my good girl like I said there are real living
There's a great thing for it. This is when there's a real paranoia here
But they're actually between saying girls attractive and they're not any wrong with that right
Sexual attractive and going beyond that and sexually attractive
Let me ask you a question. Are there men who are attractive to physically attractive? I'm talking sexually
Was it really attractive? Sure they're handsome men. Okay boy that was quite an accomplishment
But that doesn't know I'm not I'm not see I'm not doing to you what you try to do to me
I'm not condemning you I'm not trying to sneak something in there
So at least we find have risen to a level where we find that elite and they're not there
I agree that both the Bible now forget about that Bible
I still have a majority of people we have two minutes here before we go off the air
Majority of people if we had an election today and in Mississippi the majority of people would take away
Civil rights and the right to vote for Black
The majority espouses a particular view that automatically makes him all excuse me because I've just exposed that nonsense
You thought he was just
I just did I just did I want to get back we have now 90 seconds
I still have not heard you say as a Christian telling the total truth there is not one little
Itty bitty lust in your heart feelings of lust when you call share her place of
How can their law never experience you're letting him of the hook here was there anything in your heart as you look deeper your soul
What did you say?
No lusts that I tried to stop that yes, I you know he tried to stop us and everything is natural feelings
So what you're saying is you tried because he's a real one really I'm trying to be attractive and not lust after her
Well you tried not so you're saying you tried not to but there's lust there you're getting there's lust
No, it's not no
There could be that could be love it might be that could be that's it is and we are civilized people and we're able to control
So your way of your way of controlling your feelings of lust is to call around the phone and try to get a date with her right?
Is that your way? No, why did you call her and put yourself in that position to take it?
So what you're saying is I'm allowed to date non attractive girls
No, I'm saying that when you realize this potential for lust with this
Bucks him bar made or topless dancer that Jesus would Jesus would tell you to keep yourself out of temptation
And not to call her this denim and equity which he works
So I'm not I'm not allowed to talk to anyone who hasn't tried to say that
I'm saying what Jesus would try you
Jesus would tell you not to put yourself in temptation
What wouldn't he?
I'm not a perplexed
Do you think that if we could get him to pray it could help Paul kill Wistonight?
I don't know
I don't think so
Let's check in with your little
Facebook traffic brought you by bell south mobility back
Mercifully for our what will be our final hour ten people in his congregation
He said I'll be very said like 10 to 25
Well, we have what kind of a congregate in a house. I see so
So because my first is a minister like I'm a brainster look at the look but look with the Lord Jesus did with just well
But correct because my church
You look at the cups. It done with just nine
You're saying that I'm wrong because my church is firing both of you can members
But oh no wait, let me say just chase
I don't think there's anything wrong with you only having ten members of your church
But I think it should be an indication to you that you're not in the mainstream of American thinking wow
I was hoping religious point. Well, I was saying
I can't remember American banking would think that almost sexuality is wrong
They wouldn't go as far as the Bible
We've already been over eight million times
But they know why I think he had everybody who doesn't agree with that
With the majority of them wouldn't want to go as far as the Bible goes or as far as you would go
I think you've already admitted and they don't want to stole their disobedient children to death
Okay, but not sick like the Neanderthals or rotate those old New Testament or like
People want to take care of you. Not only just a little bit wrong, but it's very very very wrong
I'm gonna write that right now
But what Jason
The man has been here. He's been annihilated and wiped out
And lost the after trying to get him to give you a chance. They were thank you. Okay. Go ahead
I'll go of the of the hundreds of the world there about 170
We're beating the same tired garbage a million times. Yeah, you're like an automaton
Lines as he does parishioners. I haven't even finished it. Go ahead only about 12 countries of the world
I've heard this
10,000
I've finished it but you over the last
That's about seven percent of the world's population and that's and that is only in last few years and that is the civilized those that the civilized
I think so in other words in the world
Roman and Greek civilization what are you talking about Alexander the great who is doing God's bidding earlier?
So only the Romans and Greeks was that within the last few years because I was just in Rome this summer
It seemed to me like all those old buildings are from thousands of years ago
Well in Rome almost sexuality was a capital offense if you're really
Yeah, how about in Greece
In Greece of course Greece fell that is quickly. Yeah, they're like well
If you read some their writings what they consider they considered women inferior and therefore they considered the high
You know some of the some writers who had homosexual tendencies said well, this is the high one
No, not some writers. That was a part of Greek culture. Don't feed me that you know
It's amazing how he rewrite history right here on the radio. Oh, you make it up as he goes
Say everyone in Greek culture back then was a homosexual
I can say that
I'm in practice homosexuality
Older men and younger boys was considered the highest
Oh, don't say younger boy Jack is gonna go crazy
He's gonna be right that
Greece and only you
Jack and only long ago it far away and only if you have those homosexuals and again
They're justifications like Alexander the great that they believe that man was a period of women the Bible teaches that men women are equal
Now oh
Boy the five or four hours on that one which is why we have all the female priests in the cabinet right?
That's why women can vote until 1920 in this in this advanced country
Oh of course, oh just as there were strange and
Between being barefoot pregnant in the kitchen being of all the history of the world out in the new room here
First and all the history of the world
What percentage would you say that is made homosexuality?
Legal I haven't got any idea. I have no I'm not gonna take a guess. I haven't got any
I'm the host of stopping this line equating right now. I must have gotten no no no no no
Is the question four hours every time you manage to get the floor or you can do is come back to the same old land
Margana did everybody else
In the building here W.I.D. You put them in a cage again. Okay, I don't want to go to the cage
The people
I'm a racist disgusting society black
Who are
I'm not racist at all
What they quote from the Bible is justify their slavery why they burn their crosses on the front lawns
All those
You do Reverend that are for a cramp like you are lost if you've not now
I'm doing I'm making them up. We've never had slavery and we've never had cross-forties and we don't have the plan and we don't have
The ways of white-breaking mountains and black people those things that it hundreds of years ago you're humorous but inaccurate
We only have 45
I would like to try to help you guys again the majority people don't think homosexuality
You're helpful. Here's me. I know how you're gonna have on our hotline. Yes, share. Oh
Would you be interested to talk to you? No, we don't have share on
Read this hold on one second. Oh
Okay, we have somebody on the hotline that's gonna give us some information. Are you there? Yes, hi. How you doing?
Real good. Who's this? I'm Brady. I was at WTA. I know. Hey Brady. How are you doing?
Real good. What's happening? How much? Tell me what's going on. What's the story with Jason and Cher?
Well, it was sitting about six inches away from each other
You
Six inches
They were trying to print in there. There were five of us in there right and it was interesting
Did you get the feeling that Jason had any kind of attraction and the way he behaved towards Cher? Oh, he was
He was
Wrong with that. No, Brady. Which one were you were you at the microphone? I was sitting next to them as they refer to where the mother superior
Mother superior
What does that mean? What you was the owner of war. Oh, I see I see are well
I'd story want to find out what's going on here. Is there any hope for this this couple? I mean
Get the feeling here. You see what just happened with the lights in there like
The lights just flickered here the Lord is having a nervous breakdown. This man has lost in his heart
Come on Brady. We want the story tell us. Well, I did speak briefly with Cher this afternoon. Okay, and she said yeah
She does verify that they do speak they do speak sounds like more than once
Well, I guess they have spoken on the phone a few times
There's no there's nothing wrong with that
I'm gonna tell you exactly what's wrong here Jason that you lied
Holy yeah, you said I called her once and she would go out and I never spoke to her after that all right you lied
I don't like our flickering
I called the Lord and I said his
The Reverend parent later I was busy and I ever got together and you've never ever seen talk again and
Phone in just how many times if you spoke
Oh, I don't know come on. Let me hear about these families
Reverend come on let's stop that you can be honest you have lost
What they're doing here. There's nothing wrong with me calling her. I called her she said she was bidding
Did you remember
Well
No, no, it's two or three now is something wrong for is there something wrong with me calling now, but I want to know what your intentions
And I'm sure she would like you know there's do it be nothing immoral or anything like that done
It's I didn't ask you what would be done. I asked you what your intentions my intentions are honorable
Don't you guys know what that means?
Is this go back to what we're talking about during the break where you were kind of measuring her as a preacher's wife
What kind of creature why should they
Did you not say that you're you're you're out of mouth. I think it would be hard for a
A person with her background
But stranger things have happened
Well, she may she may be and I don't know her nearly as well as you know
She may be you can be well you keep calling this girl for a date and you it's only maybe the shoes of one person
Why don't know her very well?
You seem hung up for a lack of try you seem hung up on this for some reason
Yeah, if I've never gone out with anybody before well, but we're dealing by the way to share dance
No, she's not a dancer. She was she just a bar made or whatever
Yeah, she's the she's the name bartender and day manager. I see I see is she having any interest in Jason? Just to cure us
That I don't really know
She doesn't talk a lot about it. I just mentioned to her today with my day off that he was on the radio
That she might want to talk to him. I would love to have her fall in here to find out
You know what's what the real story is because you know
It's not every day that you get a appreciate your born again mid-habor to get minister who's you know trying to date a
Top bar keeper, you know, I think I think it has real potential. You think she could straighten about as well
We're really asking I think so to speak
You know, I think you know that your version
I
Believe it was mentioned yes
I see great
Well, that is probably a turn up for I would guess
You think
Maybe we'd like to speculate for us
Well, I could be if you'd be a pretty woman really I guess absolutely in fact
Maybe you wouldn't and share it together might you know explore this with with Jason of course
You know, I can't because I'm there. Oh, yeah, hey, I miss out on best things
But I'm sure there's no shortage of ladies who would be willing to volunteer to round that you know to make it rude
I'm sure there would be a lot of women in the world and have to go volunteer
Thank you. I appreciate your call
All right, so far anyway you if you talk to her we really want to get a whole of
Share you know to get her on the air here to find out the how many times that we've really had conversations
It started like why I think I think
Well, what different does it make it's you know, there's nothing wrong with it. I think it's terrific
I think it shows there's hope these resting in your heart and all that like normal moral. No
There's something wrong with life. I wouldn't go that far. No, he wouldn't go that far. All right. Well, it's short of it
Brady, I thank you very much for calling it
I got the record straight he was trying to sell us this idea
He just called her once and now it turns out there's been a call so many calls he doesn't around. Yes
Brady nice talking. Thank you. You're our best everybody at Maurice and tell the girls to watch out for Jason. All right, I will
Now let's check in with
We're back on news talk radio six and WI out of the US. We now have it gone through this credible period of harassing and haranging and arguing with Jason
Polkner. That's right. We're trying to reach him try to this is talking on this part now. We are we are on the phone. We have Maurice
Topless bar on the phone. We are attempting to get a whole of the lady of your heart who you know calling on the phone
More times than you can remember. No, no
It's being done a show. I think it's three times. She asked me to call back. We talked to your phone
And that's you know vertically now. This is a shit. We have to drive and talk out of people after I've done sure
Because there's that you drive
But I think we're totally interested in this one. There are people tuning in and out all the time
A lot of people don't know what we're talking about. We have on the show the good right reverend Jason Polus
We have uncle Neil Rogers on and we found out that when
Jason did a show in Palm Beach. You were talking about almost like when you did a show in Palm Beach that there was a very
voluptuous young lady who worked at Moorys, which is a topless bar who Jason has been having continual contact with over the phone
Her name is Cher. She works at Moorys, which is a topless bar. This is the lady that Jason has been calling and we have her on our hotline. Are you there?
Cher how are you doing?
You're up working there at Moorys today?
How's business you had Moorys now?
You've got a lot of people up there
Got a lot of topless bodies swaying in the breeze up there
You can't hear me
We have Jason Polus here reverend Jason the man has been calling you continually on the phone
What is the story between you two?
You're sure? Why does he keep calling you?
Why does he keep calling you?
Do we have a bad connection if you want us to call you back?
We're going to have to call her back. This must be an act of gun. You know
Hello you there
Can you hear me now? We have Jason here in studio. He wants to go out with you
They're busy harassing me here and
Would you like to go out with Jason? He needs help. They're having great fun with Jason needs help. Can you help him?
What are you to what? Can you help him?
What are you talking about? I have no idea what you're talking about.
You don't know who Jason is Jason Polus
How many times has Jason called you on the phone?
You see they're harassing me here
They're harassing me here at this
They certainly are. Is there anything wrong with me calling you?
Hello? Yes, go ahead
I'm trying to do business. I understand. We are very trying to speak with us. Go ahead. Talk to Jason
Jason, talk to him. Is there anything wrong? Was there anything wrong with me calling you?
So they're trying to make a big deal out of it?
What is the big deal that they're making that you call?
They act as if we have done something wrong. They act as if we have done something wrong.
You're talking about my kind of business. You're talking about my kind of business.
No, I'm not. They call me. Certainly not. He was just talking about how he keeps calling you on the phone. He wants to go out with you.
No, you guys are out of bounds. Way out of bounds again.
I feel like I'm in a sucker. I'm sorry. I did not want them to call you.
They seem to have some kind of problem with it. They seem to think
What was that?
I don't know Jason. Who did you tell? He talked to somebody at WJ. As a matter of fact, it's been on radio a couple of times.
I've even heard it in Fort Lauderdale in Palm Beach and I don't know how they knew.
You didn't tell anybody? No, I didn't. How would they know if you didn't tell anybody?
I don't know. I was wondering myself. Did you tell anybody?
I was here when he called. Everybody was here.
I see. Well, somehow worried has gotten out of it. This romance I think is fine. I think you worry about it.
This is absolutely right. What is the big deal?
Well, he's a minister who doesn't approve of the kind of establishment you're working in.
That's true.
I know. That's the big deal.
Well, and the fact that he's lusting in his heart to be your volatuous body.
That's all you know. You're out of bounds. You're way out of bounds.
Out of bounds again. Well, why are you calling it?
Why are you calling it? Again, you're trying to get into my personal life.
What's this now? Just tell me. Just say, you know, that you're none of your business.
Just say there's no truth to the room where we're just good friends.
Well, I haven't seen her since the radio show.
But not for lack of trying.
Correct? Well, she's been busy and lately I've been busy.
That's the way it is. You're going to keep calling it?
You know, why don't you butt out?
There's none of your business.
I think we touched a wrong move on this one.
There's none of your business.
Jason, this is mad when a holy my life is one of your business.
When a holy man of God trained your fingers and had his hands on the air
and professors did not have any human inclination towards sex and lust.
You know, calls a volatuous and sexy and lovely lady.
So it works it more easy?
No, I'm always supposed to be non-attractive, girl.
That's basically what you're saying.
That's brilliant.
We just want that in real life.
We just want you to be honest.
We want you to admit that you're lusting after this lady.
I'm not lust after...
Anybody?
Well, you know, I don't believe in lust, so I don't.
I'm very attractive women, but I try not to lust for it.
What is it particularly about fear that you like?
Yes?
I've never seen anyone who's lust for work.
Well, you very rarely give me a chance to say anything.
Come on, go ahead.
Now, what is it you like about her?
Why do you keep calling it that way?
Sure.
What do you think about this harassment that they're perpetrating here?
Jason had a...
Jason, you think...
Don't say they.
I don't have anything to do with it.
I said to you, you know what I'm saying?
I want this to be said.
Jason, would you describe the expression on Jason's face as like the little boy
who got his hand caught at the cookie drum?
That Jim Baylor look is coming back.
Come on, I've not done anything wrong.
I didn't say it, I said no.
Look, he asked me to describe the look.
You have that Jim Baylor look.
I've never been trying to imply that I was not.
No, I'm not.
Not at all.
Wait, what's about fear?
We're just implying that you'd like to.
No, not at all.
I think that those things are starting to surge in his mind now.
I really do like it.
Chad, let me tell you something.
I'm sure you're very lovely, lady.
I never got a chance to see you, but from all reports,
hello, you there.
Yes.
From all reports, you're very lovely, lady.
And I wish you luck with Jason.
You'll need it.
All right.
You think you're going to be able to help him a little?
Can't we?
You think you'll be able to help him a little?
How come what?
You'll help him.
I'm sorry if they call.
I don't know how they got your numbers, but I see.
I don't know either if they're going to find it or miss his car.
I don't know how they got my number.
Wow, real?
I'm sorry.
No idea how we did this.
But anyway, Sher, we appreciate you sharing
your relationship with Jason with us.
All right?
OK.
All right, thanks for calling.
That was it.
I got to tell you.
Did you enjoy that?
I really know that.
You know Mori Pupik is going to be in on this story pretty soon.
This is incredible.
I really want to talk to you about it.
We have a major news story here.
We're going to break for news updates.
Speaking of news, you're listening to the Steve K.
show on 610 W.I.
Putting yourself in jeopardy by pursuing this relationship.
If you want to hang on to this idea of putting yourself
in jeopardy by pursuing any relationship.
Because when you say that you don't want, no, wait a minute.
When you how can you have a relationship if lust is evil and sinful?
How can you have a relationship that ever of any kind that ever
develops into something if you don't lust for someone in a physical
fence?
How is that possible?
Well, because you can have physical attraction for somebody without
lusting after that.
Well, what does lust mean?
Well, I think lust is clearly going beyond just physical attraction.
It's festering the thought in beyond what is it's a sexual desire.
You know, is that bad?
Is that evil?
If you don't act it out until you're wedding night.
Why is that evil?
Well, because, for one, because Christ had to see you.
Well, but let's, let's, let's, you know, Christ out of it.
For the moment, he came back to, get back to share.
And I want to know if you've ever had this feeling.
So it's, sir.
Tell me you have it.
Tell me with a, if you never developed a sexual desire for somebody
even on your wedding night, why would you have sex with them if you
didn't have a sexual desire?
If you're physically attracted to someone, you will notice how
it's known instead of so.
Notice how he ignored my question about whether he had a lot of
sexual desire.
He interrupts the loudness.
All right, now he's interrupting.
So I haven't answered his question.
No, no, no.
I think let's get, why don't you want to talk about the lusty
atmosphere?
You don't have to lust for a woman.
Why don't you want to answer my question?
Many people have not lusted for people.
In other words, if you had sex with your wife, it would only be
kind of like an obligatory.
No, not at all.
Why don't you want to answer my question?
I said, God made sex and he made it very good.
Can we assume from the fact that you're out of love?
How would you know?
How do you know?
He made it very good.
You're really, you're really God.
He made it so good.
You're really letting him get off the hook, here.
He's letting him go back to court with you, the rest of the
outspoken.
He had to deal with his lust for sure.
Because God made the rules and he said it's good within the
right context.
So why don't you want to answer my question?
How did I do that?
Do you lust?
No, I don't.
You never had.
No, I never had a lustful thought.
I never thought of what you would look like with no clothes.
Tell me the truth.
No, I do not think like that.
But she is an attractive woman.
With what?
With large cheeks?
She has a good figure, but that's not there's nothing more
about having a good figure, is it?
But you don't think you're putting yourself in jeopardy by pursuing
this situation?
Well, maybe I won't pursue it.
Maybe I'll make you a second thought.
I think you're doing this, sir.
I think you're shaming him out of this.
You know, I think you're only holding this to be his only hope.
Thank you.
Appreciate your concern.
No, no, I'm serious.
This could be like the chance of a lifetime.
And he's interfering on the year here with this.
And I think the best thing that could happen is that he's
going to be a woman for the right reverend paranoia.
Would be to get laid on this.
There you go.
No, seriously, to get married.
I have a wonderful wedding night in this.
No, I don't want to hear about what you think for me,
because I already know that I'm going to fry an oil or something.
You're going to jog in the van.
You're going to pull the wood.
Why don't you come to my church?
I don't hate homophobicism.
I don't want to come to your church.
I only got life for that people.
And they're probably all ugly.
I hope that there's a little joke.
I hope you put some outbought.
I'm Christian.
I don't hate homophobicism.
I don't want to become a Christian.
You don't hate to be deaf.
I don't hate homophobicism.
I don't hate homophobicism.
I don't hate homophobicism.
You believe in capital city.
In other words, he doesn't hate you, but he wants to.
And I couldn't even take off.
You're a chipper if I became Christian.
You wasn't executed with love.
You're right.
That makes sense.
You haven't asked about love.
If you have any expression killing with kindness,
that's how he's born again, killing with God.
God is the God of love, but he loved so much.
And you're with me.
Look at us cross-eyed man.
Love off with the head.
Love's baking those eighth babies, right?
You're beginning to get some of the picture of the hornet.
God is a whole new God.
No question about it.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's what I'm talking about.
He's ratchell wax hot.
He's up there with whips and chains and off with your head.
There's no, no.
A long, long, long, long.
I wonder what you will say at the pearly gate.
What will you say?
Oh, I'll say, oh God, this is good.
Just like you'll say on your wedding night.
Oh God, that's good.
Let me ask you another question.
Would you like to be a fly on the wall on your wedding night?
Wow.
You're talking about, you remember the seat?
I don't have that invite either of you guys.
I think you wrote where the rockets are going off and ready.
I remember the whole brother.
Talk about, we may have like Mount Vesuvius all over again.
I might be like an interruption in the Europe.
You know, the question I haven't had answered yet.
Why is it that even...
Why are you still hung up with us?
Why are you so many of you born against...
Did somebody teach you was unpleen or was filthy or your body is dirty?
Why do we need it?
In all honesty, I believe it's not a bad looking guy.
Not my type, but he's not a bad looking guy.
Why?
He's a normal looking a lot.
But a normal looking 35-year-old guy.
I resent that.
No, Sam, I'm just joking with you.
But you're a normal looking guy.
Why is it you feel like sexist ones?
Clean.
Why are you so uptight about it?
That's the one thing about the born against, man.
This is what they have to do.
They have to indoctrinate your body is filthy and this is dirty.
That's not all what I said.
This is the product of years of brainwashing.
God does have the right.
I feel I'm already poor.
You're a human being.
Why is it that most countries of the world down the road?
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Come on, you're like a stuck man.
We don't want you guys.
We can't see you guys.
We can't see you guys.
We have a call on a date.
We have a call.
We have a call.
We have a call about...
Cheers.
Hold on one second.
Let's go to Hollywood.
You're on the air.
Hi, Steve.
Hi, how are you?
Good.
When I was talking to Nick, I told him originally that I disagreed with the raven.
But there's something that he said that I agreed with about this call with fear.
When he was talking to her, when you were talking to her, the raven was getting very upset with you
and told me to brought out his personal business.
Right.
And I'm sure that made him very upset when you brought it into his personal life.
Like he's doing the mind.
Exactly.
Because when he's touching his personal life, as long as it doesn't hurt anyone.
Yeah, but he says that that's more role in what everybody else is doing is immoral.
So you got an answer for everything.
I think homosexuality is wrong.
I don't care what you think.
I'm not going to do it in here every morning.
Excuse me.
Both my guests, if you would do it quite, I want to talk to this caller for a minute.
Now, man, I want to just come and know what you just said.
Here is a man, Jason Hollers, who has been on my show.
I don't know how many times.
Preaching the gospel, preaching God, preaching virginity, preaching purity, preaching all the stuff.
And the lower the hole, I discovered that when he's on a show in the JNNO, I'm in West Palm Beach,
with a voluptuous bar made, which works in a topless place, that he's been calling around the phone right and left trying to get dates with him.
You don't find something the tiniest, weeniest bit hypocritical about that.
I do.
I have a problem with that.
So that's why I've got it up there.
Do you think there's anything wrong with it?
The point is...
Do you think there's anything wrong with it?
Well, I think there's anything wrong with what?
With the fact that you are wanting to date this thing?
I think there's something wrong with it.
I think there's something wrong with it.
I think there's something wrong with getting in there, condemning sexuality, condemning this and condemning that.
And then running around and calling somebody that you've met with large presumed on a radio show.
You're out of line.
Yes.
You're out of bounds again.
I think you...
The reason is that the Reverend gets very uncomfortable and angry when other people are on his personal life.
With idle blame and I would too.
But yet, he has no qualms about getting involved in other people's personal lives and making done use.
Well, okay.
When you're a teacher in your child, you teach him not to lie or steal.
So why the hell did you tell me only qualmer once would you call a point on that?
I didn't tell you that.
I told you that.
I told you that you called it.
You delivered it.
I told you that you called it.
I told you that you delivered it.
Come on.
I asked you this one way.
So I just called it once and then we took it together and that was it.
And then you called it five, six times.
How many times has it been?
You multiplied it.
You told me you couldn't even remember having it seven or eight times.
You guys are out of bounds.
You're trying to fabricate things.
Oh.
And the fabrication.
You called it out of me a fabrication.
You're spreading it right and you just call this lady once and you've been spattering the life out of me.
I told you that I've not seen her since then.
I haven't.
And there's a bunch of been trying having you over and over and over again.
The fact that you won't give it to your final lust doesn't mean that you haven't been trying.
You're way off, man.
Out of bounds.
We're way off, ladies.
We are going to take a short break.
A break.
Well, Jason takes a free kick.
You're listening to the key thing.
Show on 6th St. W. I.O.J.
Now it's twice the cup.
I think I think why are you pacing the floor, Jason?
Relax.
Well, he is up here.
He had a major score on the on the break right there.
Very good.
Well, no, no.
No, I don't know her.
I didn't get involved with any of that.
That part of the part is we're trying to prove.
We're not.
That's her.
She's had the good thing to say.
Yeah.
This is by your persistent core.
Let me just tell everybody about what we're going to come here.
A credible sale.
It's a Toyota of Hollywood.
Do you realize that?
I think we should add sincerity to your hard-root.
You do.
Is it I bring this down to you because in the past you've been so nice to him.
You know, you may be, I can maybe do what I am.
You know, I don't think so.
I've been talking for four hours basically about the whole set of you hours.
Yeah, who is this?
That's all you ever talked about.
If you don't want to talk about your own dirty laundry.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I said.
Not because you don't want it to be.
I talk about just about it.
I know that you guys are right before.
We have to talk about less patient.
Let me just talk about you and my best friend Toyota Hollywood.
The last ten minutes exploring your relationship with share.
Toyota, now I think, and I always say, you know Jason, I've always taken a position on the show that I try to help you.
And I'm your friend.
I don't need to get angry with me for this.
I think that you really owe share.
I have to call him.
I have to call him.
That's all right.
Yeah, they're going to excuse the next phone call.
Here we go.
Call her tonight.
No, I think it's I think I think you know, I was wrong.
You did do a favor because here's a perfect excuse for the next phone call.
And I think you should say share.
I must apologize for what happened today.
I am sorry that I have lusted it in my heart.
I do have these high biblical ideals.
But every now and then, you know, I am human.
And I get caught up in this lustful thing and you're just so beautiful.
You're beauty and your charm and your music.
And you think you're making me overwhelmed me.
You're making all that up to you.
I don't think that that's a proper suggestion.
I don't think it's right either for me or for her.
Can I take it out of that?
Can I take it out of that?
Let me have a drink.
You should take my advice.
I used to be pretty good at this with my dad.
I'm very good.
So give her a call and see what you have.
But I'd report back to you.
And you don't have to judge.
I'm sure that you would like that.
I do have a question for you.
I assume that I hate homosexual because I believe that homosexuality is wrong.
And because you want to ask if you there.
Does Mother Teresa and the Pope also have...
Oh, now here we go with the Pope.
You know, I got news for you.
I could get you to attack the Catholic Church and the Pope before.
I was looking at another show and you know it as well as I do.
You don't have any use for the Catholic Church.
So don't start calling the Pope now.
Okay, for simple questions.
And if you want to talk about the Catholic Church.
It's a simple, so many gatekeepers in this rule that you'll start doing it.
If it's simple, forget about your share for five minutes.
And you can not see that you can hate the sin.
Oh, that's the biggest cop out of it.
So that's an idiot brought in.
You saw what happened with her.
How she repented for all the evil and all the hate that she spewed on everybody.
And she said she's sorry that she did it in the first place.
It was wrong and it was disgusting and embarrassing and humiliating and degrading.
I thought there was shame.
I thought there were four hours.
You ought to be ashamed.
And the baby is spewing this kind of hate.
You ought to be spending more of your health.
Healthy young guy like me.
You don't have any church to be with you.
You have nothing to do with it.
You ought to get out there and go to a court chair and you know have a good time.
And you're going to have to start living a real life.
There's nothing to do with it.
I'm not the fan of anything.
You're the one that keeps saying that.
I don't have to defend anything.
You're a proud of it.
I'm proud of what?
Being a homeless actor.
I'm proud of being a tolerant decent human being, which is more than I can say for you.
A 35-year-old virgin who's sitting here right in the face because he has exposed your lustful thinking.
And these then the next phone calls that you're making on the phone with.
You're making allegations that you have no right to make.
I like I told you during the break.
I don't care what you do because I don't like you making a bunch of people.
And you're sitting in judgements.
You're not in here.
This is you.
That's just as you know.
This is you.
You don't quite about that.
What's your name with a beautiful body?
You're not.
You're not.
This is you a homeless sexual.
We're trying to get you in.
Oh, you're a homeless sexual.
I'm not trying to get you in.
No, I'm not.
I'm not.
You're not.
You're not.
You're not.
That's the show.
Gentlemen, I got to say we're comfortable.
You like over here.
We comfortable.
We comfortable.
I want to say the same thing 600 times.
I want to thank Uncle Leo for taking the lead.
He went off.
It was something else.
And now maybe you'll understand and look at all.
There's a little more compassion to know.
I know.
He's still a hateful person who needs more.
Why is he talking to my church?
He's talking to my church.
Oh, God.
He's talking to my church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
I don't want to come to your church.
