And boy what timing man media here not from all over the country the media in this town from all over the world from every country in the world
And all these wonderful stories we're gonna be written about Miami this week in every single one of them is gonna be true
That's all they're gonna be about all right
Let's do a little break and we'll come back and like I said if you're looking for fun and games for me today
You're not gonna get it because I am foaming at the mouth
How the hell long can this go on and can this be tolerated?
Every excuse that these groups of barbarians get man there right there to jump on the bandwagon and seize the opportunity and
One thing I did not hear yesterday when I left here going home. I didn't hear any concern about this community and
What this is going to do to this community and the fact that it's the lead story now on
CNN and every newspaper and every newscast all over America
The only reason we got upstage a little bit yesterday for the lead story was this other
Abberent this horrendous grotesque
Episode in Stockton, California
But that thank God was an isolated incident
Although these things just happened to damn off it in this country
In this gun crazed country well, let me do the breaker. I'm gonna get way behind
I got a lot to say today believe me a lot to say and I'm gonna say it all
Not gonna sit here and I'm not gonna gild the lily and I'm not gonna tell you what you want to hear. I'm gonna tell you the truth
It's 1014 at WIOD Gulf
It's 17 past 10 at WIOD and I got to tell you I don't find anything humorous at all about any of this
There are people I guess who think that this is some kind of a big joke. I don't find it in the least bit humorous. It's
disgraceful and
The episode in Stockton, California brought me back to reality for a while there
I don't know I guess it's getting like a lot of other people and just angry you just can't be angry forever
And so I was you know over the last couple years really changed my opinion about guns and gun control and
I was convinced for a while there that yeah, we all ought to have guns
You know five-year-old kids ought to be running around with guns because only the criminals and all that other propaganda
We hear from the NRA the sick people in the NRA and there are a lot of sick ones
But this country is sick man. They're out of their minds with guns
They're obsessed. They're still living the Wyatt Earp John Wayne syndrome in this country
Now how and you know one of the things I noticed on the story out of Stockton
They can't imagine how this guy
With all of his problems in his history how he got these weapons. How is he able to go in and just walk in and buy him?
Wasn't it like an oozee or automatic weapon? We had three of them three three of them, you know
And
All the shooting that you hear going on the gunfire the exchange the shootouts in over town Liberty City automatic again
All these punks have got weapons and I don't understand why
Automatic weapon, but that's because we live in a real six-society and you people refuse to give a damn about these things
You think that everybody ought to walk around like Wyatt Earp with a gun in the holster remember the period of time when we were
Talking about this and people said oh, yeah, we see nothing wrong
You know as long as you got it the showing you got a holster walk into the malls with it with a with a security at your side
Like wild Bill Hickock, okay? I mean you people are nuts and
That's why in the civilized countries in Europe they look at America
They think we're a bunch of barbarians and you know something they're right
And just like Howard Beale said you know he wasn't crazy. He was the safest one of them all
You watch this crap that comes out of the tube every day and you begin to believe that this is the way things are supposed to be
This is not the way civilized people live I
Was at Pompa no Park last night at the track and I want to tell you another thing that was handled really and a
Board of situation and that's with the Miami Heat Game
Here they've got that beautiful arena down there and
Miraculously they're getting great fans support in spite of the
Horrible baller playing but you know that's to be expected there were new expansion team and people understand that and
The game was sold out over 15,000 tickets sold off for last night and what did they do?
They waited and they waited and they hemmed and they hawed and they did and they got a whole bunch of people
There were 500 people inside already by the time they called the game off and thousands of others on the road on the way to the game
And
Anyway, was it the track last night some of the people who were there were telling me about the episodes that occurred about how their windshield
Were just totally smashed and they said hundreds that maybe they're exaggerating, but at least dozens of other people
Who made the sad mistake of driving into those areas have bricks and bottles throwing at their vehicles and had their windows smashed?
Of the referees were and the referees were assaulted is which made big headline news today in Europe newspapers
So we got the arena there alright, but we can't play a basketball game and I
Heard some of the comments from some of these animals saying well gee they got some nerve
You know they should have called it off one of our people got killed and they're still gonna hell hold the game
That's why we're gonna disrupt everything is an excuse to disrupt
Because some perhaps trigger happy cop and I say perhaps again although at this point I
Don't I don't find anything else. I mean there's just nothing else there
They haven't even made up a good excuse yet
There's just nothing whatsoever in the accounts of that incident on the motorcycle and the shooting
That could possibly justify shooting this guy in a head no less
Not shooting a tie-out on a motorcycle or not shooting somebody in the leg or they armed a disable them, but shooting him in the head
So I'm not condoning that no one can condone it and
And anybody wants to tell me that we just have these isolated
Policens and Incinus community needs a good shrink okay or is living in some kind of a dream world
Because we have them won after another after another
But to turn this town into an incinerator is
Absolutely unacceptable
And how long does it take
The mayor and the chief of police to determine that if they're going to make this community safer people to live in
They're gonna have to act quickly and decisively and not stand around like referees in a hockey game watching from a distance waiting for it to all
Peter out it didn't go to Peter out okay
Oh, yeah
Here's the entire
tire page op-ed page in the
USA today
tire page we made it again folks
The poll question that they take
On CNN national television last night
Do you think that the police caused the
Unrest in Miami that was the poll question
So we're making it every minute of every major newscast
But then there are those people as I said who are on here evidently don't give a damn about the repercussions for this community
I mean, this is like this is like the end. It's like the patient has been in intensive care
Orlando Daytona
Bahamas all these other areas taken all the tourism boy all the business
It's 80 degrees today or 78 whatever it's gonna be it's a magnificent day. I'm driving to work
There's not a cloud in the sky
Micah saying it's gonna be 78 today. We broke the record yesterday 85
All these people are here to have a good time to get some sunshine to get out of the cold to see this community at its best and what do we give them?
We give them the same old crap that this town has been plagued with as long as I can remember
We give them cannibalism barbarianism. That's what we give
Because you live in your little sheltered condos and your little ivory towers placed your dog from all of it and just like Howard
Beale said leave me alone. Let me have my sweet and low and my my strong and my can ask the game and everything will be okay
And this cannot continue this cannot continue
And if they have to round up these barbarians and put them out at chrome somewhere behind wire fences and keep them there
The happiest people of all will be the law abiding black people who live in overtown and Liberty City and
Don't want to be terrorized every day by a bunch of animals. They'll be the happiest ones
It's 1024 at WIOD 1028 at WIOD we got a Miami police officer who worked in overtown last night. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Hi, I'm not with Miami, but I was down there last I do a bunch of people that were
Different departments working last night right the only difference between this and the four or five others that I've experienced
In the last 20 years is that they knew something was coming but
Because they like your favorite tune be happy. Yeah, worry. They wanted to make it all like it is going away
Same the reason he didn't cancel the heat came encouraged everybody to get on the metro mover and come down there while I got a crowd
Moving in the assaulting the overtown station. Yeah, well, you see the problem is that we got the Super Bowl game
And of course, you know as important as to a lot of people it's still a football game
Exactly and the future of this community is a hell of a lot more important to a lot of us than a football game
So the same mood and takers that got the metro rail down into some God forsaken places that it goes
Yeah, the stadium and some God forsaken place. Mm-hmm. You're right. They're
90% of the people probably down there are
decent people and was like to see the ones that were out last night disappear
But that won't happen and they're not realistic about it. We sit back in the city Miami so shell shock now that
They're they're afraid to do anything they took a hit and
regardless of what
Result of this shooting comes out to be whether the guy was right wrong in
Between partly right partly wrong
They can't just stop reacting to the rest of the animals that are out there doing their thing
Yeah, and they have they decide to do that. They're so scared to do anything
They have 30 car caravans before guys each but they're kind of like, okay, you want to burn that down?
We'll build around it and watch it burn. Yeah, we did that all last night. Mm-hmm and
Just getting tired. I think and in the indecisiveness that went on to me was it was incredible
Not just with a heat game, but there was gonna be a curfew
I kept hearing that there was an 80 clock curfew and anybody else who was on the streets after a
Declot was gonna be rounded up and taken away and then next minute
I see the police chief on television I was watching at the race track
They had on the TV monitors and all no curfew were just you know waiting things out in the meantime
All of this went on and on and on and on and um, you know, what are they what were they waiting for?
Well, I think everybody is like you say this is our
Supposedly our week or two weeks in the sunshine and regroup all this stuff
We've lost over the past ten years and it's not gonna happen and who cares?
Yeah, we have to stay here the rest of these people are gonna go away. That's they're coming back. That is correct
You know, I've got a little while to go yet
But I think I better put the house up for sale now because it might take that longer sell
Nobody wants wants to be here in a place like like this
Okay, I appreciate you I'll see it
You took most of my thunder you're I agree with most of what you said. Thanks a lot, but
1031 at W1. You know, I get this a wrap that I'm anti-police and I'm not anti anything
I'm anti-corrupt police and I'm anti overreactive police and I'm anti-bad police
See, I have a real strange philosophy, you know correct me if I'm wrong
But there's certain occupations like doctors and policemen where the individual has the power of life and death over
A lot of people
So I don't think there's a lot of room for error. I mean we're all human and we can all make a mistake
But if a brain surgeon, you know, screws up or if you know surgeon cuts off the wrong leg or whatever it is
And then says, oh, I'm sorry. I made a mistake. It's not a satisfactory answer. Okay
So when people continue excusing a lot of the police brutality and excesses and just plain insanity and try to say oh
Well, these are just isolated episodes and I'm pro cop. I don't buy that. There's no such thing as pro cop or anti cop unless you're just an automata
The world just isn't that way. It can't just put everything into a nice neat little package and say oh
This is good and this is bad and this is a it just life doesn't work that way
Everything every issue every part of our existence involves shades of gray
Degrader of degree
And so if you want to pseudo-intellectualize all of this stuff
I guess you can do that if you want to make it some kind of an exercise like mental masturbation
I guess you can do that
But this isn't a pseudo-intellectual subject. It's real man. It's out there. You can touch it. You can smell it
I was coming to work this morning and as I got off 95 and came over on 79th Street to the cause
I watched
People in the other cars and vans and people looking around there was a certain
uneasiness
In the faces of a lot of these people and I certainly can't wonder why
Because we're right on the fringe of it right here. That's right
And like I said a couple of years ago when they started building the arena right there on the fringe of over time
I was definitely wrong about one thing
I didn't think people would go there
And I didn't think this town would support a loser. I've been wrong about both of those things
They've had great attendance and they've been enthusiastically supporting them through a disastrous season, okay
But how many more episodes like this is it going to take before people start wondering hey do I really want to go back there?
Now those people who want to say that these are isolated episodes again
They either haven't been here very long or they're living in some kind of a dream world
Remember when we had the whole series of
episodes where these punks from over town and Liberty City were getting onto the we're walking onto the
Entrance and exit ramps of i95 and
Acosting people as they were entering or leaving the highway as they were slowing down. Yes
And throwing bricks through their windshield
Okay
Curie Sullivan who was once the program director of this radio station was going to meet me one day when they were first
Couple years ago talking to me about coming to work here
And I went to the restaurant up in plantation and waited and waited
He never showed up and I went home and I got a phone call
They had thrown a brick through the windshield of his brand new car
Hmm now I guess some people forget that governor Graham had ascended the Florida Highway Patrol because we didn't have enough police
To take care of these problems with barbarians on interstate 95
Attacking people and dragging them out of their cars and stealing their money
And throwing bricks and bottles through their windshield
This is not acceptable behavior and the people who do it aren't humans
So I shouldn't say people they're animals
Okay
And I don't know about you, but I don't fancy myself wanting to live with a bunch of barbaric animals
It's 1035 at WIOD it's 1040 at WIOD speaking of sports talk tonight
Six to eight Joseph Gacchi will be talking live from Super Bowl headquarters
At the high-end Regency will be talking to a several guests including
Larry Zonka former dolphin great-running back. So that's coming up from six to eight tonight
Anyway, although I don't I got to be honest with it. There's so much of this over shadows the game itself
Which is unfortunate because whether you like the game or not or you're interested or not is not relevant
It's a game. It's supposed to be fun. It brings millions of dollars into the economy
One of the reasons that Joe Robbie built the stadium was not only that the dolphins would have a you know
nicer facility to play in and hopefully get better attendance which hasn't worked out
But also that we would be a viable site for the Super Bowl a year
Now that the orange bowl had basically by the league been declared dilapidated outdated and antiquated and low and behold here
We have it this year and look at a great job. We're doing man
I think if we all live long enough we might get it here again someday
But not soon. Mm-hmm
Great
So really this is I started to say this before and I sidetracked myself
But it's like the patient has been in intensive care
You know how in the movies or in a soap operas?
There's always always seems to be some kind of a scene in one of those hospital type movies or somebody is
Like in a godfather that was that movie where he was lying in bed
And then we're gonna come to try to take away the life support systems
And in godfather to myrlansky was lying there in bed and he put the pillow over his head
Basically, that's like what's happened to us here now this week
The patient has been lying there in intensive care with all the life support systems attached to it
And now somebody has come along and yanked it all away
And it's like we're a corpse. It's like this community is dead
The beach has been dead for a lot of years, but nobody wants to admit it
They want to keep lying to you and telling you oh there's this incredible comeback man
It's great. They're full of crap. Okay
They're lying to you like crazy
Bob Cox and the morons up in Fort Lauderdale killed that city
Very quickly by the way, I mean one thing about them man. They didn't waste any time you know the beach that took years to do it
But in Fort Lauderdale bingo in two years we went from
God only knows how many hundreds and hundreds of thousands of tourists and all kinds of excitement and life and living and breathing people
To an outdoor funeral parlor
Killing an institution that had been going on for over 30 years since the middle 50s
And in essence saying oh go to Daytona go to Texas go to New Orleans go step we don't want you here
We don't want your money. We don't want
We just don't want anybody here except those who are ready to die
And I get on a year day after day after day and you say these you've got to be blind not to see these things
The problem is most people in this community don't have the balls to say it. Okay. That's the problem
Hey, let's just go along like Alice in Wonderland like none of this you know like the guy said be where it be happy don't worry
Just be oblivious
That was our code word for the day of the day oblivious just pretend it is an out there
Well, I don't know how you can do that. I mean unless you just totally insensitive and have no redeeming human features
Whatsoever how can the hell can you live in the middle of this or even remotely connected to it and just be oblivious
So we got all these disconnected this jointed
Municipalities there's no city here. There's no core. There's no nothing here. I've been saying that for years
I mean in New York you know that man Hatton is the core of what New York is all about
I mean there are millions of people live in Brooklyn and in the Bronx and in Queens
But you know what New York is all about you know where the center of it is
In Detroit, you know where the center of it is with all their problems. They're still an identifiable
tangible city
And in Los Angeles even with all of their problems man
And they got more problems you can check a stick at you still know what the what when you think of Los Angeles
There are still certain things places that you can think of
But here what do we got we got the sunrise and we got Tamarack and we got plantation and we got Coral Gables
We got all these disjointed municipalities where where is where is it where is the center? Where's the tangible center of this world class city
That they keep telling us about it sure isn't Miami
I mean people have been fleeing out of Miami like like there was massive leprosy or something in Miami
How many people in Miami speak English
How many people don't want to go to Miami because they feel like foreigners in their own city
So you see so when you live in the suburbs of Detroit is I have done
Or of New York or of any other real cosmopolitan area
You still feel you know what Chicago is you know what Detroit is okay? You happen to live here as related to downtown
not here
Here it's like everybody's in their own little thing none of which have anything to do to the one next next to it
I mean in Detroit you can live in Royale Oak or you can live in Hazel Park or you can live in Southfield or you can
But he is still in Detroit
Anyhow we put up a couple of new buildings hey look at this
We have people with no vision. We have people have no concept of what they want this community to be
Except an outdoor funeral parlor in a dumping ground for refugees and illegal aliens
And
Again, these are things you're just not supposed to say these things. We're supposed to be an area that has just endless
Infinite capacity to take care of everybody from all over the world. We have infinite endless resources
That's why we got thousands of people sleeping on the streets
Because we have infinite resources
And where are the Xavier and where the hell is Steve Clark bin in the middle of all this is he and hiding again somewhere is he in the damn closet again?
Haven't seen him every time we have a crisis in date county
Steve Clark goes off into hiding somewhere can't be found
I didn't see him down there in overtown or in Liberty City. Did you?
I haven't heard one quote. I haven't seen him on camera. I
Don't have any idea where he is
And he's supposed to be the mayor of this county
These are people with no vision with no courage with no guts with no nothing
And all they do is belly a conviction. Oh the federal government's doing that well if the federal government is doing things to us
Then you folks ought to be doing something about it
Take a fleet of buses and
Put these people back on those buses and send them back to Brownsville, Texas with a one-way ticket to ride, okay?
To spread the word that we don't have infinite capacity here
And we aren't going to let this administration do to us with Jimmy Jimmy Carter today years ago
We can't handle it right away if you say that you're anti-Hispanic you're a big head
You're the I'm so sick and tired of all that crap
And I'm so tired of the professional ethnic mentality that exists in this committee my god, aren't we all human beings?
Or are we just latins or anglos or blacks or whites or Jews or Christians my god that gets so damn old
And how many times have I talked about that stupid thing that they perpetuate here in the media about our tri-ethnic community like this is some
Some bizarre experiment which explains why we have all these social problems here like it doesn't exist any place else
Have these people ever been in Los Angeles
My god there you go into Hollywood now in Los Angeles you drive through there and all the signs are in Chinese and in Vietnamese
And how many million Mexicans are there in California?
Huge Spanish
population in LA
And orientals of every size shape and variety
And I don't hear anybody say Los Angeles is a tri-ethnic community if you said that in New York they laugh at you
I mean New York ever since its inception practically has been a
melting pot a conglomeration of every kind of black white green purple you can name it they got it
And when they have problems there they all well, that's because we have our a tri-ethnic community
That's because we got a bunch of redneck Yahoo's running this town
We've never even been out of the state of Florida. We got a bunch of crackers
We got the cracker mentality. They don't even know what a metropolitan city's all about they wouldn't know and if it bit them on the lip
And
All they want to do is keep running around
Feathering their own nest and bragging about oh, we're a world-class city. We're the gateway to Latin America or this where that that's a lot of crap
I remember when that
Happened in the early 80s. Oh, yeah
We don't have to worry about the Reagan depression. We're the gateway to Latin America and then the devaluation of the peso occurred man
And those people who are bringing all that cash up here
Buying all those video recorders and electronics equipment and everything else they can get their hands. They stop coming
Because their money wasn't worth anything anymore
And you know something they haven't come back
And they aren't gonna come back
Now I know that there are terrible sinful evil places in America like Las Vegas and Reno and Tahoe
Where they have riots every day
I never read about any
I never experienced any I never heard about any of them
But certainly they must have because those are
Dense of iniquity man sin they have casino gambling they have conventions. They've got hotels that are full all year round
Not just for two months out of the year when they call it the season
Hey, man, it's the season now you can come down here. You don't even have to live in a condo. How do you like that?
This
Community needs some leadership some people with some vision some people with bald and we don't have one of them
We don't have one of them in this town
not one
And as far as the black community is concerned anytime somebody offers himself or office like when Marvin done ran for mayor and Miami
Oh, we're not gonna vote for him. He's married to a white woman. He's an uncle Tom
No, let's put brilliant people like Miller Dawkins in office man. There is a great brilliant man who represented the black community right?
Almost like a brain surgeon and I can in the reason that I gave up doing this kind of program two years ago
Is because I could sit here and I could sweat my brains out every day and scream and holler and get my blood pressure up
And it doesn't mean a god damn thing, okay?
It isn't gonna change anything in this god forsaken town
I was thinking when I was coming to work. I talked about you know look out the window in the sunny shining in smag nippers and it's the 18th of January
And I was thinking the only reason it's like this today is because the politicians haven't figured out a way to screw the weather up yet
Someday if we live long enough they'll figure out how to screw that up too, okay, but they haven't done it yet
It's 10.51 at W.I.O. Day. I want to tell you about
But you why would they I could go on for the whole four hours which I'm not gonna do
I could just sit here and ramble on I could have called you and said stay home today. I know I know but I didn't do it
And there's no point in just going on a four-hour soapbox because as I said you can keep repeating the same things over and over forever
And the fact that you got a whole bunch of different groups out there
You have those who don't care and are never gonna care like I said yesterday
You cannot force people to care about things that they don't care about no matter how much you believe they ought to care
If they don't care there is no it's like the old saying you can take a horse
To water, but you can't make them drink. Right, and it's the same thing here
And we've got a community where we have all these Neanderthals, you know
Closed you to weigh in their condos with their little supermarket right there next door and their little dollar movie theater and their whole
Their little buffet. I don't want to say sadies because that would make me sick
You know all of this stuff where they live in their own little world
They're not a part of anything
That's one of the reasons we can't we haven't filled up that stadium once if indeed the game takes place on Sunday if
Indeed it takes place
It'll be the first time since that stadium has been built that it's been filled up and I got news for you man
That's one of the most beautiful stadiums in the country
I hate to use the expression pardon us Tom jica, but it's state of the art. Yeah
The location couldn't possibly be better unless they brought it right to your living room
It couldn't be better. It's right at the daybroward line
Okay, it's right at the turnpike
I mean, it's just so easy to get there that it's on and yeah, they got parking problems life what you know life just isn't that simple okay
It's like when I lived in Detroit and we used to go to tiger stadium right downtown and one of the worst parts of the city
And every time you'd park there you'd pay a kid a dollar to watch your car and he'd see you know
They still would break it and steal stuff, but at least you know they wouldn't rip it up you'd get home, okay?
And that was never an excuse and even with garbage teams during a lot of those years they still packed in there like crazy
But this is a community that just doesn't care because we brought in all the wrong folks, okay
I'd say we got about 70% of the population here that ought to go someplace else like back where they came from
It's like that movie that I saw the other night towards song trilogy and ad bankrupt after her husband dies and the sun says
What are you gonna do now? Oh, I'll go to Florida. He says what for us is oh, that's where we all go
We all go to Florida for what
What logic is there that says that if you were living in reading person somehow you have to freeze your ass off all your life
Until you attain a certain age so you can come here and get a senior citizen discount
What logic is there in that why can't this be a cosmopolitan city with a balanced demographic just like any other city
I don't understand
This is a con game that the developers have been playing for years while they've been ruining this area
The same developers that stole all the beach in dade county and gave it to all the hotel people and the condo people
They just stole it from the public
And now they want to do the same thing in Fort Lauderdale. Of course, I won't make any difference because nobody's gonna be going there anyway
So Bob Cox can have the beach they can just have a big
gigantic majeun game up there on the beach
They're gonna make any difference
Because there'll be nobody there under the age of 100 by the time they get through with it
And I don't have any since you know anybody that comes on a year and starts giving you simplistic answers is a BS artist
Okay, there are no simplistic answers
Because it's going on so long and gotten so complicated. There are no easy simplistic answers. There's no magic pill
And anybody that wants to narrow it down
Well, it's you know the pro police people against the anti police or the racist against the real
It's a lot of crap, okay
The bottom line is that we've got problems just like any other major urban area
But you don't solve the problems by being barbarians and by destroying your own city and burning down people's businesses that they've worked
Their entire lives to build up and destroying their lives and their families
It's like a disease. It spreads its contagious. It's all through these communities
We're just supposed to sit here and say oh it's an isolated incident forget it life goes on a sunny shining right
Okay, we'll come back and get to your calls after the news
Henry is standing by with the 11 o'clock WIOD news and we'll come back at 11.05
It's 11.06 at WIOD we're back for our number two
Steve will be along it to this afternoon. I see that his guest today has been canceled as he got some other guests
Well, we'll find out as we go along. I don't know one of those things. Okay. We have an open line. It's in Boka 278
9463 where somebody got impatient. I can't say that I you know blame him but
It's a way it goes
One of those situations where what I have to say is a lot more important than what a lot of these people have to say if I can say that myself
Okay, our first call of this hour in Fort Pierce. Hello
Uh, yeah, uh, morning
There's an echo but uh, yeah, I called because I guess it was just trying to stress a point that
You made this morning and it's really directed toward a lot of people that I heard call yesterday
Not only on your show, but on a
Steve Kane show and I would classify these people as
You got a radio on that could be it yeah, there it goes. Okay
Um
I would classify them as a gung-ho militant. Okay. These are the people that uh think that the police didn't do enough in the situation
Then should have you know shot a couple of people and I would have made the situation a lot better
Well, let me say this to you. I want to apologize to a caller I had yesterday
Although I was a little suspicious about his motivation
But I caught somebody short who was saying that the police didn't do enough
But in looking back he was right
I'm not saying they should have shot a bunch of people
But they sure as hell shouldn't engage in this practice of standing back and watching people burn down buildings
And as I said you know assume the posture of the hockey referee
You know with their arms folded standing back and watching the destruction of these communities
It's not acceptable
And if we don't have enough manpower and we do have to call in the national guard
Then the powers that be should have the guts to do it and let's put a stop to it instead of just standing back and watching people burn your animals burn down their own community
It's unacceptable
I guess what I was trying to get across them was that you know like in any organization
You know whether the the police department or
The ACLU or even the clergy you're always gonna have a few people that you know or you know just you know
They're I don't know what you call them you call them a schlepper whatever you want to call them
But you know like you have clergy people that molest children and you know you have a couple police officers
No, you don't have a couple sir
Please don't insult my intelligence. Okay. We have massive police corruption in this community
And we've had a succession of these grotesque episodes
We just had the the beating death of this alleged drug dealer Mercado
I mean our police supposed to be the judge and jury and then carry out the justice and kill people is that what law enforcement's all about
See don't please don't get sucked into this idea that it's one against the other
It's either the blacks or the police or the that's not how life works
We have serious serious problems in law enforcement in this community in high a Leah and in Miami and other parts of South Florida
And just to say well or a couple of bad apples and any bunch. It's not acceptable
It's not acceptable and somebody has to take the leadership and every time we have one of these incidents right away
Like when the Mercado case right away here's the Hispanic police officers
Association and they're out there marching in the streets and protesting because the officers
Involved in the incident happened to be Hispanic. What the hell difference does it make what their ethnic background is
You know when somebody kills you you're just as dead whether they're Anglo or Hispanic or black or then make any difference what they're all about once they kill you
You're dead
So please don't be naive sir don't get sucked into this crap about well, and we got a couple of bad cops
We've got a police situation in this community that is disgraceful that is out of control
I don't mind me. I'm not really. I can't say you know. I'm right down. Where do you live? I'm in for Pierce I in Fort Pierce
Okay, sir. Well listen good luck to you. He's in Fort Pierce and he's telling us we got a couple of bad apples
See here's another guy who's in who you know believes that life is a talk show life is not a talk show, okay
This isn't a question of just some somebody getting on and opening his mouth and the you know giving opinions that are all right or all wrong
The bottom line is this is a very complicated mess
Well
Well, Nick has an interesting line on the screen. I could do the entire rest of the show on it line
He says since 1980 in this community every ride or disturbance has been started by a cops error that isn't true
the
You know, it depends on what you want to call a disturbance
The disturbance is on interstate 95 which went on for months where we had to bring in the Florida Highway patrol
Which weren't and they weren't in the same setting as a series of fires and looting and so on
But that certainly was a civil disturbance that had this community in an uproar
That wasn't because of something a policeman it's because we had a bunch of barbarian animals out there
Who were stopping people's automobile so they could steal their money and destroy their cars, but basically what you say is true
So this isn't something new
That we just discovered that we have police
Excesses in this community we have a bunch of trigger happy cops out there
And a lot of them are scared to death and if they're scared to death
They should go to work in birdinds or something. Okay, they shouldn't be police officers
I know they have a thankless job at an almost impossible job
But I would want it for all the money in the world and they're grotesquely underpaid
But nobody forces them to get into what they know it up front. Okay
One of those deals where you know it up front
We have a an ex-co
Well, let's see we got to do the break and then we'll get to him because it probably you want to give him a couple of minutes
We have an open line and you guessed it. It's in Palm Beach 655
WIOD if you've ever been turned down for a loan because of a negative credit rating
Or been aggravated with the credit bureaus then you owe it to me. It's 1114 at WIOD
We have an open line in Volka where somebody dropped off 278 9463
And we'll go to overtown hello
Yeah
Yes
Hello
Yeah
Hey, man
I'm gonna ask you questions. Yeah
I'm on the who you call on the animal and overtown man. Who is an animal?
Yeah, who you tell me who the animal is man. You want an answer to the question?
Yeah, who you call on the animal overtown. You explain that to me. I will if you'll be quiet and listen
It's not just an overtown. It's anywhere people who go into the streets and take out their anger or alleged anger or season opportunity
to
Sure this town has turned into it's good that you bring these kind of things out
I'm a retired New York City detective. I went through all those riots in New York and they named them as as they do this one
Arace riot. I don't believe that that cop knew who he was shooting
He just overreacted and he stooped or whatever and he would have shot his brother if he was driving by an
Immoticicle in the dark. I don't believe that that cop knew who he was shooting. It's certainly not racial
In New York. What do you mean it's certainly not racial? How do you know that?
Do you really think that that that cop was waiting for a for a if that was a white guy in the mouth?
I want me to give you an honest answer. I haven't got any idea. I'm not inside his head. I don't know him
I don't know anything about him. I don't know anything about his record. You don't know him
You know this business again to go back to what you say about a show
It's you know you can go on the air if you want to do this
You know what all these instant experts who have an an answer for everything within 25 minutes of it happening
I don't have the answers. I don't know what he was thinking about. Maybe he was scared to death
Maybe the guy in a motorcycle made some kind of threatening comment or gesture. I don't know
Oh, what I'm saying is he wouldn't be able to be caught in any evidence. How do you know that?
Well, you have to have a bit of sense
What you would have probably say you have to have a bit of a sense
Do you think that the cops that the killed Arthur McDuffie had since
No, but I don't think they killed him because he was black. No, of course not
If he would be I would you know, I was involved in these kind of riots and the cops were scared as the people and
Well, listen if they're scared then they shouldn't be there they should like I said should be opening up a subred hotdog stand on a street corner somewhere and go find a nice easy job
Okay, sir have a nice day while you ponder the situation and 1119 at WIOD
And we have an open line in Broward 524-9463
See it's it's very unusual. I wish we'd get that call for example
It's obvious that the black kid who called before had no idea who I am or what this program is all about or anything about
Anything because the people in overtime and liberty city are not listening to this radio station or listening WEDR, okay?
Or to hot 105 or power 96 they're not listening to these programs
Away Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Meal. Yeah
Yeah, I wanted to call yesterday couldn't get through to you and Steve. How you doing today?
Good show
What can we do for you sir? Yeah, listen. I thought I had a good scoop for you yesterday
I wanted to talk to some of the fellows who work here
They're living liberty city in over town. I wanted to get to opinion on what happened
It gave me a new perspective on the whole situation. I just wanted to be later because only so a small article and a hell about it
I asked them what they thought of when a fellow is getting killed in a motorcycle and
Tell me he says
Who is shot? She's a ghost. He's up dealing drugs. I left my wife before that liberty city
And that is then always right in and his motorcycle
But cops can't catch him well
So in other words you assume that the police officer was shot and knew that is I was just assuming that it's true
Which I have no reason to do wait. I just want to say this one thing
I just don't want the whole community to jump the gun right there
Didn't never Johnson until a year-old situation
What do you mean you don't want the whole community to jump the gun they already did
They already did they had no facts. They had no concept really of what happened except maybe those who immediately were an area and saw it themselves
These other people didn't have any don't you understand that the people who are committing all these barbaric acts
They're not doing it as a response to the shooting. They're using that that as an excuse
Every time there's another excuse you don't go out and and loot somebody's store and steal 80 thousand dollars of worth of food because you're mad that somebody got shot
You do that because you're a barbaric animal
Hey, you got it
The hell came out today showed this guy is arrested two years ago 90 times a man honored the output is convicted
So what about so does that mean that we shoot him in the head?
I'm not saying it that's one point in person but I have no idea what I mean is a joy writing young man
Now a convicted felon yeah, okay, let's call
What he is what he is okay?
Sir, it doesn't make any difference what you'd call and the bottom line is he is dead
He didn't wasn't shot because he was committing any grotesque crime other than speeding 60 miles an hour on a motorcycle that we know of
And the other party who's dead is dead because he was in a wrong place at the wrong time
Well
Just amazing and this is what disturbs me every time you try to have one of these discussions
It's another reason that I'm glad that most of the time we don't do these kind of shows
Is because you've got all these mavens out there man all these instant experts got all the answers and they've got to it all analyzed
Pal you don't have any idea what you're talking about okay
It's so more cut so much
What did the cops shoot him because he was black how the hell do I know?
But are we supposed to assume that it's just a series of coincidences
That Arthur McDuffy was black and Neville Johnson was black and this guy was but just a series of coincidences
And is it also just a coincidence that we can almost never convict a cop in this town on anything no matter what they do
Rarely do we ever convict a cop
Something got to be wrong in that
I
Mean we got so much police corruption here. It's difficult to tell the law biting people from the cops other than which ones are wearing the uniforms
And sometimes even that doesn't tell you
It's 1123 I guess it would be good 26 past 11 at W. I. D. Steve's guest this afternoon a revering Carlton Coleman
of the new Providence missionary Baptist Church
And the some other guest still pending and they'll obviously be discussing the ongoing
Disturbances in our community you know, again, there been disturbances. Yeah riots disturbance is civil disobedience
Whatever you want to call it makes no difference whatsoever. Quite riots. It's still old. Yeah
It's still amounts to the same thing. Okay
So that'll be coming up an in-depth discussion with some of the people who obviously live in these areas and are familiar with the areas
One of the additional brilliant things to go back to that aberrant call we had about 1050 minutes ago this morning they
Started fires in a church in our own community
And so see when you get angry you burn down your own businesses and you burn your churches and no question about it pal
This is definitely the way to solve the problem
Hmm it works every time doesn't it
Now you have USA today there. I wasn't gonna say anything about this, but it really crossed me
I wouldn't have said anything except for the fact that T. Willard Fair
Has an interview on the op-ed page. He also showed up unfortunately on this station yesterday
T. Willard Fair is in a vowed black races to hates white folks
T. Willard Fair bragged in my show many years ago that as a young man in his community when he worked in the kitchen of a restaurant
He used to spit in the soup to get even with the honkeys
T. Willard Fair was quoted several years ago when we had the last major riots in
Overtown in 1982 after the Neville Johnson shooting
He was shown in the newspaper in a herald the next day playing golf out on the golf course when he was asked why he wasn't there in a community
He said oh they got it under control there and meaning meaning that the things that were going on the disturbances in the fire were the right solution to the problem
He says they'll take care of it. They're doing the right thing
And he's being quoted see that's another problem of this community
We got about a half a dozen of these chronic regular spokesmen
You know this one is a spokesman for the black community mr. Kuntz is a spokesman for the gay community
And all these other chronic people who keep popping up in the media and they're not spokesman for anybody
So it's interesting that a public national publication like USA today would fair it out someone as
Distacible as mr. Fair to be a responsible spokesperson under these circumstances
Although I notice his comments have tempered somewhat over the years, but yeah, and I don't see you're right
You know, I don't see Steve Clark here. I keep looking at all these we haven't seen hide nor here
Not of mr. Clark or any of the magnificent nine the metro commission
Now the last time I checked
I could be wrong, but the last time I checked over town and Liberty City and coconut Grove were all in dade county
Now maybe that's changed
Maybe we have something new that happened while we were doing all that frivolous the lighthearted stuff and we miss
I don't think so. I think they're still in dade county and I don't see the metro commission or the county manager
Involved in these things in any way shape or form
But par for the chorus maybe Steve is breaking a bottle of champagne over a boat somewhere
He's very good at that. That's his area of expertise mr. Clark
um my amy hello
Hello, yes, how you doing?
Okay, uh, it's funny you were just mentioning about Steve Clark where he is the commissioner reminds me of Ferrer when he was skiing
Doing the McDeffey rights. Yeah, instead of being down here where he belonged
And uh, this this this been going on for a long time now for many years
Going back to 1980 when we had to put through the police department so many people for affirmative action
Because of the fit the federal investigation that was going to come down
Because of the McDeffey rights
And this is just a byproduct of all the people that had to be pushed through the system
So Miami looked good
Yeah in front of federal eyes
Is correct is a lot of truth in that you know, and now we're paying the consequences, you know and uh
I myself um, I'm uh, I'm disabled. I'm blind and I run a snake barn downtown Miami
Instead of working to provide for my family today
I got to stay home because I have to be scared of what might happen
If I have nowhere to getting out of there if something does happen. Yeah, you know and uh
Instead of you know, you're talking about the Super Bowl. Hell it won't get a Super Bowl until the next century never see it again here
Never ever see it again. Never you know, I guarantee you know
And there are few things in life that are absolutely certain
But this is one you could bet every dime on that you've got that you will never see a Super Bowl played here again
Never
That's for sure, you know, this is an opportunity that we have a golden opportunity
To really change the image in the eyes of other people
Yep, and uh and we blew it. I mean, this is absolutely we blowing it not as a community as a whole
I mean, you know, this there's no fingers to be pointed at because every time you point there's three fingers pointing at you
Yeah, you know, and as a community as a whole we suck
You know, you really blew it you summed it up in one word we suck two words. Okay. Good luck to my friend
Thank you
1131 at W. I. D. We have an open line in date 751 9463
Miami. Hello
Hello, hi. Hi. Neil. Yeah. Hi. I call it because I'm pretty angry about the situation as you are
And I only hope that the person in overcount is listening right now
Because in my opinion there is never excuse for violence
And I can't understand how these people could express their anger in such a destructive way to themselves
One of the things that makes me the angriest is I keep hearing a lot of these pseudo intellectual calls on talk shows
I heard some yesterday and then some last night from people who are trying to say
What they're doing is wrong, but it's understandable
It is not understandable. It is not acceptable human behavior
You know, I'm a social worker and I deal with a lot of people
I sometimes take routes through overtown through neighborhoods that I hope my parents aren't listening because they wouldn't like to hear me say this
And people don't need to make changes in the lot and their lives themselves
You can't expect other people to help you to you know to make excuses that the nigger augwins are coming in and that's a good reason
These people want to work that's more than this person who caught
You know, you know, it's amazing, but until we had that episode two days ago
I didn't hear a word about any complaints about the nigger augwins were coming in and getting jobs for five bucks an hour
Nobody was talking about that
I don't hear anything about that and now all of a sudden that's another convenient excuse to try to somehow in some
Cock-eyed warped way
Justified the barbaric behavior
You know, there is no reason that the barbaric behavior is going on other than the fact as many have said including some of the black leaders in the community
That every time we have another tragic incident. It's the same groups of animals who get out there and exploit the situation and do the same things the same
And the chronic thing behavior over it. Not only hurting themselves, but they're hurting their entire communities and if Martin Luther King was alive today
He would be turning in his grave on his birthday that people had to act that way. That is correct
Okay, well take care, Neil. Thanks a lot. Bye. Here's a quote out of USA today national newspaper from
Annie Gooden 28 a divorced unemployed mother of two who lives in overtown. This is the quote
The only way we get any attention is when some of us loot and destroy and tear up our neighborhood
She says that the area has been ignored for too long isn't that brilliant?
Annie or a real genius of brain surgeon and let me just say this to you. Why couldn't the very same people
If they really are doing these things, I don't believe it
But if they're really doing these things because they're
Distraught over this latest episode police excess and a killing and so on to guide a motorcycle
Why is it they don't all get together in
buses or in automobiles or in vans and go down to dinner key go down a city hall and march and protest and do sit-ins
And do things that are not violent. Okay, that's what Martin Luther King preached non-violent protest
All right, wouldn't that get attention? He and his folks weren't busy setting people's cars on fire and dragging people out of cars and trying to kill them
That isn't how they accomplished anything
And
As far as the moron with his honky crap you ought to go see Mississippi burning and rediscover that
The two Jewish white people who were murdered two of the three
Were white and Jewish the civil rights marchers
That the president and the attorney general who responsible for more civil rights legislation and reform that anytime in a history of this country
Were white Irish Catholics
But don't confuse people with the facts see because we're all honkies and they're all niggers and all this other crap
I mean it's pathetic. I mean if you can't graduate if you can't get beyond that point of metal process
Then you're pathetic
It's 1135 at W.I.O.D. and we'll be right. It's 1152 at W.I.O.D. as
We're speaking the Miami City Commission is having an emergency meeting
And the CNN is carrying it live so some of you want to watch and listen to the same time
Maybe they can fill us in on what's going on right? Yeah, but it is being televised on CNN as we continue making headlines around the world showing our best feet
It's it's really it's just it's mind boggling. I have to laugh a little bit or I'll cry yeah
Okay, Hollywood hello
Yes, we didn't have Super Bowl week
Would you expect swaras to walk down the middle of the street during a ride with the net?
Well, I don't know I really don't know. I'm not going to I you know
I think Mr
Swaras is incompetent. I think he's basically a good guy
I think he's a decent person. I think he's in way over his head
But I I don't think he was there because cameras were rolling
I think he was there because he at least he was there
Which is more than I can say for a mr. Clark and 70s other people. I don't know where they were
Yes, or that is true
Because it seems like they're pointing like a commission to look in it real quick when
Seems like the other rides they
Really pay attention now and you mentioned that's there
Well, there's no question that because the entire world media is in town that they're there under enormous
microscopic inspection and under tremendous duress to do something as quickly as possible no question about that
And by the way right in line with that you know as well as I do and not too many people have talked about this
That one of the reasons that the perpetrators of these acts continue doing what they're doing is because they know that the cameras are rolling
I would say to Glenn during one of the breaks earlier that it reminds me of the riots that they were having in terran years ago
And the hostages were being held there and while the cameras from the US and all over the world were rolling
All of these Iranian students were marching and chanting and screaming and shouting and they had the hankies
They were waving in the placards and the reporters told us that every time the cameras would stop rolling
They would then go about their business and they were eating hot dogs from vendors
We're selling food on the streets and they were laughing and having a good time
And they were just posturing for the cameras
So these animals in over town liberty city and wherever else they're waiting in the in the lurch
They know that the world media is here and man they're going to get on television see
Yes, sir. You're right. They're doing the same thing over in triple every time they turn the camera. That's correct
It's every single time. Okay, my girlfriend
Listening to you in there 10 to 11 hour
Out when you went on
Really letting it out. Yeah, she hates your shell, but she agreed with you. Okay. It's pretty nothing nothing's perfect
Yes, but sometimes she doesn't like your thing, but she agrees with you perfect
Okay, you're right about four-large obi
Okay, thanks for your calls 1155 a WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 524
9463 Miami. Hello. Uh, yes. I would like to speak to
Neil Rogers, please speaking yes
Neil I I would like to say I you do a you agree with what you're talking about because I was down in coconut
Grove about a month and a half ago doing a friend of favor taking him home
I went off the wrong
Street and I thought I went over something in my card to make a long story short a black gentleman came out of nowhere
And he asked me if I wanted a binding crack. I had told him no
And to make a long story short he pulled a knife out on me
And he had said to me give me a money or or he wanted to what knife me
And I was I do live in North Miami Beach. I live with my eagram mother. I take a caravor
and obviously I was in the wrong place at the wrong time and
And I gave him $20 for him to leave me alone. I don't I wasn't raised in a place
Where you know, we're people fight with knives and nothing of that nature
Make well you better say you better come into the real world because that's
That's what the cities of
Unless you want to go out and live in
In the pohoke well, I'm not a good example either. There's got a lot of rednecks up there who not to I can't I can't think of too many places anymore
Where you can to get away from it, you know you used to be you go out in the country somewhere you get away from it
Not not so much anymore is no place to run. Oh sure you are
So right now, but to make a long story short as I was getting back in my car
He pulled off my gold necklace. I called up the police department when I came home and the damn cops didn't do anything
And I just think it's a damn shame. I am very angry at the city of Miami
They have to pull people over for giving people speeding tickets
But the meanwhile they don't go after these aren't me these assholes that go after
Rob being doing good drugs and things of that nature
And I just wanted to call to thank you for bringing this out in the open
Because I just think that the people around here should know what the hells are going on
Okay, I appreciate your call yesterday. I started just getting into something and then we got sidetracked on
Another topic, but the thing about jails and the people in this community like most places in the country don't want a jail or prison built anywhere within
Shouting distance of where they live and as a result we don't have enough prison cells to go around and we we just cannot put away
All the people that need to be behind bars
At least that's the convening excuse
That we have for not going out and regular sweeps every single day and date brown and the probably in Palm Beach as well and rounding up these
Barbarians who stand on street corners making a living making easy bucks by
destroying other people's lives by peddling them every substance has ever been invented
And of course the excuse the one of the stories we keep hearing is well, you know
We're not the ones who are the kingpins. We're not the ones bringing it in. We're just you know
That's a lot of crap. Okay. Nobody can force you to be involved in peddling drugs unless you want to do it
Unless you discovered that it's a very easy way to make a big buck
dishonestly
And it's a lot easier than going out and getting an honest job and making something out of your life
And we got it on every street quarry you can imagine man all through over town and Liberty City and parts of the grow
and other parts of South Florida
And certainly up in brown we got plenty of it in the city of Fort Lauderdale and in Lauderdale right there in Broward Boulevard
There are convenience stores between my house and i95 where a couple of times
I've gone in to get a newspaper or whatever
Or gone with a friend and stopped to have and get a pack of cigarettes and
Immediately approached and to buy some crack or whatever else variety of stuff that he had on him at the time and that's
Broward
Oh, yeah, just mention that in past. Oh, it's it's not hey listen new people in Broward county that think well
You know, this is down here in Miami man. You're living in a dream or you're out of your mind out of your mind
Anyway, we're out of time for this hour. We'll mention again that Steve will have a panel of local individuals who are
In one way or another connected with what is going on at least with what's happening in overtime and Liberty City
One of them are ever in Carlton Coleman of the new Providence missionary Baptist Church
Which is located at 7th Avenue in 53rd Street that'll be coming up on a steep paint show at two
News right now up to be it's 12.05 at wio. They were back for our number three and again
We are not you know, this is what we usually do anymore. I don't know this kind of show in many many a moon, but um
To sit down and try to be
laugh and joking and doing that kind of stuff the last two days forget it just is not
possible, okay, and wouldn't be appropriate when make any sense
Not at all
So anyway moving right along as we continue whistling our happy song. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Is this Neil? Yes, sir
Neil have been on since before the news and I hope you give me a little chance to
Spread some light in this darkness that I've been hearing coming over the radio
You for the past half four
Your caricatures of the people in
Overtown and other places animals is something that I find very offensive and I don't understand whole
Uh, you can
Need those kinds of expression. It's fascinating to me that you're you know, you hear what you want to hear
I said that the people who are engaged in this kind of aberrant behavior are animals in barbarian today
All I said sir let me finish at least one sentence, okay
And I also said that the people I feel the sorry is for are the majority of the people who live in overtown and liberty city who are decent
Law abiding people who live in a constant state of terror
Fearing for their lives and safety because of the same barbarians. That is what I said
No, these barbarians that that that you speak of are people who are locked out of the mainstream of the community
Oh, yeah, here we go in in in in the United States here who are taking advantage of an who I'm not
Given avenues to the proper kinds of education
Oh, no, wait a minute. They're not given they're not given the proper kind of
I'm I'm sure what are you talking about? They're not giving the proper down here
I'm gonna put you on hold okay
Because you don't want to have a conversation you want to make a speech we don't do speak the only speeches on issue are by the host okay
What line is this guy on
Was he on one are you there? No, wait a minute hold on. I don't even know where he was now. What line was he on?
Okay, Nick is doing his own show and there I have no idea
Um on two are you there?
Yes, I want to okay. Well, this is good. Well, just for a while. How about three? Hello now that's not him either
Okay, well evidently he's gone
Because I'm sure was on a date county line wasn't it yeah he's gone
I put him on hold but he hung up because he just want to make a speech and ramble on don't give me this tragic song in a dance pal
About how these people don't get a proper education and are locked out of the mainstream et cetera and so on
Just
Just another convenient excuse to burn and loot and rob and terrorize and abuse and behave like barbarians, okay
So please spare me the pain of
Trying somehow to rationalize totally unacceptable behavior and that's what you try to do
You try to make the unacceptable acceptable and it's not gonna wash here, okay? So save your breath
Pembroke pines hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah, instead of the gateway to south America
It's got to be called the bay route of the western world. That's pretty close. It's we're getting there
It's exactly the way it started in bay route Lebanon had the same problem was a beautiful community
it was warm in the wintertime and
Had money everything was there and all of a sudden
Tragedy struck because of this kind of mentality
And if we don't learn from history, we in trouble
Well, we're not learning from history. So you're not learning a damn thing this this episode keeps repeating itself in this community every couple of years over and over and over again
We're not learning a damn thing from history
Now how do you feel about the media on this? They they playing it the right way
What what way do you want it?
Well, it's in to be editorializing a lot
You know what in what respect what do you want them to say? Well, I like the the gentleman that you just had on a couple before who
Not educated can't get you that's a lot of nonsense. He well, he what does that have to do with the media? I don't know that they don't play it the same way
Well, I mean the herald as I said before the herald has this pathetic page 13 today where they
You know promises to the public have it all been kept strides were made
But you need a magnifying glass to see them and they talk about all the problems that exist
I understand that but that isn't any great revelation. We know about those things
But what is that got to do with with what the kind of behavior that's been going on
But when they when they say those things they dilute the problem they they say
They give me the idea well, maybe they are uneducated. Maybe they they have to do this. That's that sense
They don't have to do these things. You're right. They should have a more
It's not a question of they don't have to they must not this is not acceptable
And that's one of the problems in this permissive society that we live in where we stand back and we just let people go crazy
And we say well, you know, there must be some reason for it. It isn't acceptable
And people who want to do these things have got to be locked up and got to be kept away
And if they want to continue doing them then let's let's open up the chrome detention center or find someplace in the Everglades
And put the barbarians out there in wire
You know and keep them away from people who want to behave like human beings
Now they're the head way to go. Okay. I appreciate your call and and any more of you that you know
I'm willing to listen to all reasonable opinions and have exchanges with people who want to discuss
But if you think you're going to go in here and try to somehow rationalize this behavior and make apologies and excuses for it
And give me a big cry in song and a dance about these poor poor people these poor kids who just you know
Have been locked out from society and don't have a decent education
They got the same education as their neighbors do, okay?
And I'm not saying that all of our schools at schools in black neighborhoods are
As same as schools in choral gables or choral springs because that wouldn't be true. It would be a lie
But Rome wasn't built in a day. Okay, and it isn't going to happen overnight
In addition to which a lot of the teachers who are teaching in those schools
Haven't got any more business being in a school even being janitors in those schools. Okay
Some of them are downright illiterate
In our perpetuating the stereotypes
But when people don't have any priority on getting an education
You know, there's an old cliche it. I hate cliches, but there's one. It's very true
You get out of something whatever you want to put into it
Mm-hmm
And if you don't want to put any effort into getting an education and into learning some kind of a trait or making yourself some kind of a useful human being
Then you're certainly not going to get anything out of it because nobody is going to hand it to you baby
Nobody is going to hand it to you
The old chip on a shoulder routine man, you know chip on one shoulder and a ghetto blaster on together
That doesn't solve the problem that doesn't do it
It's 12 minutes past noon at WIOD if you put any way life goes on it's 1214 at WIOD the near Rogers show and
Steve will be along it too with the panel of local individuals are going to discuss the ongoing
Saga
I don't have a crystal ball so I'm not going to make any predictions. I did not do it yesterday although quite frankly
I was shocked yeah that it did break out again. Yeah, especially at the such a degree. I guess I must be very naive
But I thought that the police presence and the increased presence
Would be such that it would preclude it
But unfortunately it wasn't because the local politicians. I think their main consideration was well
We got the Super Bowl. We got all the worldwide media here. Let's not call him the national guard
And let's not you know
Let's just hope the school of wishful thinking and it didn't work out
So what is going to be the posture tonight?
Yeah, that's a good question
Because you would think you say somebody made a real good point
I don't I don't recall who who said this on the air, but somebody made an excellent point and you can be furious
Immediately after a tragic episode like the shooting of this kind of motorcycle takes place you can be furious about that
But then 24 28 hours later
To suggest that you're still furious
I'm sorry. I just don't buy that. I mean if you're one of the relatives if you're one of the immediate family
Handful or friends maybe you have a dozen a dozen 20 people
I can understand that but the idea that there are hundreds of these people
Most of them probably didn't even know this person who are furious to the point where they're going out and burning and just not a control
A day later. I don't buy it. So if what happens two days later
People will buy it even less. Yeah has nothing to do with it
Maybe it happens again. Maybe the National Guard could be part of the big halftime show at the Super Bowl on Sunday
Well, you make a joke
But let's hope that they don't have
Okay 1216 to W.I.O.D. and let me just make this comment in general not to anybody in particular
But just in general if there any other people in this community
Who can't handle reality you can't handle the truth then you know go back and stick your head in the sand like an ostrich and don't
Don't bother me. Okay. Just go away
Because if you think after 13 long tedious years in this community of having lived through all of this
Through the 80 riots and a Mary L. Boatlift and the 82 riots
And all of the other insanity that has gone on here the 84 riots
The drug crisis then is never ending ongoing situation
The political turmoil all of the ethnic insanity
I mean we've got to start being people and stopping ethnic entities
Just like the reminds me when Johnny Jones got caught with this hand in the gold the faucet
You remember that sure and right away all these people running our oh gee. It's a racist thing. He's black
Oh, I mean he was caught with a good baby. I mean he was just he he betrayed his own people. He did a number
On the whole community, but especially on the black community. He did a notorious number
Just like the thing with the beating of Mercado, you know the Hispanic police officers associations out there
You know, it's what difference does it make what his ethnic background is don't we have a system of justice in this country
Let's go back to the calls Miami. Hello. Yes. No. Yeah. Yes. Um, I stayed far from Liberty City
It's being a black man. You know, it really hurts you to see what they don't have neighborhood
Got innocent people in there. You know, it's hard
You know to do things and number one
Hey, I'm looking on TV the other night
This lady was calling. They got my husband either he was out there in the loon, you know, whatever
Why can't they keep him home? They can't they go on the street at night. They loon and loons who's they get arrested
They run down the street yelling all my baby baby baby. They're gonna go yeah, that really hurts me. Yeah, I can't understand
why
You know, that just cares no part. I can't you know first of all or the family structure is virtually non-existent in many of these communities
And that's another whole area which I touched on yesterday
But we could go into daily spend a whole rest of the program. I'm not gonna do it
But all of these 14 and 15 year old girls who are having welfare babies
That's another whole deal, you know, and then the problem is where you got you know 15 and 16 year old kids who are six foot two and six foot three
And you got a mother who's five foot two and weighs 95 pounds
And there's no father figure and you really think that she's gonna be able to discipline those kids
Lack of control
DMC concerts they can go there. Why can't they organize itself? Oh whoever these black community leaders are and organize something go down to the city hall
Exactly why don't we have why don't we have thousands of people demonstrating with placards and chanting and marching and doing the kind of thing that Martin Luther King
Advocated and participated in I mean why aren't they doing that? I mean that got results
They've got the attention of the media that got to the attention of the government including the federal government
Why aren't they doing that? You know, I'm tired of hearing people keep saying well, we're not a part of the system
You can only be a part of the system if you inject yourself into it
You want to keep operating on the periphery of reality then you're always gonna be on the outside. You're never gonna be on the inside
That's right. You just gotta get organized because when you're minding go there take some time free just organize it and go there
You vote these people and they come to you can really vote for me
You vote them man
Big on your sit back and you respect them and do everything
Why don't we just get off our behind and go there and take care of all problems
Still riding shooting and all this unnecessary stuff. Okay. Appreciate hearing from you
20 minutes past noon at WIOD. There's an open line in date 751
9463 Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes
Yes, ma'am
Yes, I am I just wonder you need a statement about
People in Liberty City and
Over time not listening to WIOD
Well, I'm sure there are some but I think the majority are probably listening if they are listening to a radio
I would think the majority are listening WEDR
At least that's what Mayor Suarez taught yesterday because he went over to the station and the went on the year to make an appeal to them
I just wanted because I needed to clarify that because I was wondering if it was a comment
Regarding you know
You were sort of hitting on the intelligence of the people in the room. No not at all
It's just that you know in Detroit. It was the same way there are two or three stations in Detroit that are black oriented
That the black human just like we have the stations that Hispanics listen to primarily in this community
It's not a knock it just a fact. Oh, I really just wondered because you know
I would have taken a thing to that
So I just wanted you to clarify that well
I was not intended to be offensive. It was just an admission of truth. I mean, I would you know
I'd like to
Delude myself into believing that everybody in the world is sitting glued to this show right now
But I know that that's not true. Oh, okay. Okay. I thought I needed thank you
21 past noon at WIOD we have an open line in Broward at 524
9463 Miami. Hello
Neil. Yeah, how you doing today? Okay. I'm 100% behind you brother
You're not gonna believe this I went over to 62nd Avenue around 22nd Street to a company. I represent
For selling furniture on the streets man. Yeah, I could yeah
I couldn't believe it. I saw chairs and it was a sofa out on the street
I got a couch over there for something like $75
Yeah, and it's got a cut. It's brand new man. It's had to come out of that furniture store about three street over
Yeah, so somebody called the cops. I don't know if they're gonna go over there
I'm better than a flea market man. Just going over. They got some fantastic bargains for you
They may not live to you know take it home, but the hell of a deal
No, it's it's a shame. I got a lot of friends. Oh, I didn't I was gonna tell you this earlier now forget about the guy who delivered the meat
That got beat up pretty bad. Yeah, he got a broken jaw and everything
He said that he pulled up their man and it was about four o'clock in the afternoon and he kept telling the people you know
I didn't do nothing to you. They just kept beating on him man
They stole his truck his meat and everything yeah, and now and I'm sure he's really a big part of the problem
He has a lot to do with all the grievances that these people have got no
What what the whole bad thing is now the most people over there because I got a guy to work when he's black
A lot of the more people can't drive so they will go over to that market to buy their food
The guy who owns a company called him and said you can eat dirt before we deliver over there anymore
Yeah, they're not delivered and now they now they shut themselves down
It's well
That's why all these people who want to call and try to sure coat this or make excuses or explanations and by doing so encourage your repetition of it
They're really doing themselves a grotesque disservice because these animals are destroying their own community
And if people want to live in those kind of conditions well more power to them
But I don't think that most of those people do I really I can't believe it
I don't I didn't like channel seven because
Channel seven was more or less playing it down last night
I don't you know, maybe I just caught a spot more than we were saying
They may have been playing it let me say this to you
They may have been playing it down
But they were sure given it a hell of a lot more coverage you're giving out a lot more information than all the other local
Channel put together
Well
Well behind you man
I don't know I don't know how you could be behind anybody on this though because
There's nothing we can do man
Well the only thing we can do is try to restore some sanity and deal with the problems instead of sweeping them under the carpet and get the rotten police out of the police force
And and clean that mess up that we got over there instead of just paying a lip service until the next election
Yeah, all right, brother. Okay
24 past noon at WIOD there's an open line in date at 7519463
Interesting. I hear some little sound effects from around a building like I heard about ten minutes ago
You know people who were um either mocking or whatever they're doing what I'm doing on a year here today
And that's fine. You can continue being mindless morons all your lives. That's fine. No problem
Or we can bring back um, you know the the board off they used to do this show on midday. That's okay too. All right
Now I'm not I'm not doing this to be dramatic here yesterday and today
I'm doing it because like I'm I'm a sick to my stomach
I'm sitting there at the racetrack last night
I'm turning on the TV and watching all of this and seven did do a really incredibly good
And I'm sick to my stomach
Now those of you that are too stupid to have any feeling about the kind of community you live in
Or care about the repercussions of what this is going to do to this town for years to come
Hey, just stick your head back in the sand man and be professional morons all your lives
It's 25 past noon. It's 1228 at WIOD and our next call is in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. All right good
I just want to make a few comments
I was a place officer and day county from in the 60s and 70s metro. Yes, sir
and I recall in 68
We were
60 second straight in 17th Avenue
We couldn't move into the city limits at the time because of a problem with jurisdiction and once the governor
Decided to allow metro in there. Miami didn't need the assistance. We moved in and mostly we were going from
Storefront just to a front end talking with the citizens there more or less to try to just keep peace. Yep
I can't help but forget I remember that the people
kept saying they were all saying the same thing that they didn't want to rise that they you know they were for us
They were they were behind us. They
Would do anything they could they we fed up a line when they could call and they could give us tips on problems that were
About to start or yeah, the rumors that they had heard and so forth and
You know it goes back to the I think the point that you made several times today
It's not just it's not the people that live there. It's not the the majority of the people there. It's just it's the same
percentage or the same minority of people that live there in the 60s that are there now in the 80s and probably into the 90s that are causing these problems
Uh the 1970s and 1970 with the the problem with the the rotten meat there to the pick and pay
We were out there for like 12 hours and
The Ryan started with with the rocks and the bottles coming from the teenagers not from the people that were
Yeah, having the actual problems behind the meat and being overcharged for the for the checks and so forth
It wasn't the law abouting citizens there. It was it was the thugs and the punks
I don't know what the answer is
It just seems to me that it's more of a of a rehearsed
learned
criminal
activity yeah
Yeah, yeah, it's always there just waiting to happen waiting for an excuse to turn it loose
And as soon as we have a convening excuse so here it goes again exactly always there
It's always simmering underneath and it's you know until
These people are it's made very clear to them that it's socially unacceptable and the most stringent measures are going to be taken
It's going to keep repeating itself over and over again. Well, I believe that the people understand that I believe it's just it's that small minority
That uh now you know you can look at the 80s right?
The ones in 1981 there were 18 people killed on that I think that's a different situation
You had people that were yeah, but it's a matter it's a matter of degree
It's a matter of degree. I mean thank God. We're not having that happen again people are getting dragged out of their cars and having their brains
Gouged out but it's just a matter of degree
You're not right not having their tongues get out. They're not having all selects laid down intersections and cars going sideways through it. I agree with you
uh
The thing that happened in overtown
Uh, you can't say it was a nice lady to do something
uh
What happened what the police officer did from what I've read?
I you know it's it's unfortunate, but it's it happened. It is going to continue to happen
Uh, what do you mean it's going to continue to happen? Why is it have to continue to happen?
Well
There's been corruption in law enforcement and they can't talk about corruption. We're talking about trigger happy con
Why do we have to have people killing killing folks who are committing traffic violations? You were talking about corruption before I'm just I'm just
Just
agreeing with you and that that respect uh
There's always been trigger happy cops in day kind. There's trigger happy cops in every state in this country
I don't know what the answer is. I feel like that day county has the
One of the if not to find is a police academy or training facility in the country
I don't know if there's any answer to how you can uh
predict what a person is going to do in that situation
I'm a Vietnam vet. I'm a next police officer
Uh, I must say that there were times when I was afraid on the streets. I think that's only normal
Uh, I feel like that a lot more can be done in the police academies and the training facilities days to to look for that
For that particular uh
weakness in a person whether or not he is gonna react
The wrong way under a stressful situation
But I don't know what the answer is for that. No, I don't I don't have any of the answers for any of it
But one of the things that's got to happen first is that this is all gonna stop. Okay
Got to stop and it can't be permitted to happen again
And if they have to send an every police unit from every uh from every municipality in date county and the national guard
That's what it takes to make sure it doesn't happen again, and they're gonna have to do it
You know because the media is our you know, we're already all over the world with this so so no matter what happens from here on in
It really can't have much more
I am still that's not a search party out from air park and see if we can fight him somewhere
I might suggest you would be done at the port would be a good idea port of Miami
They're christened a lot of ships and things like that and he's excellent at breaking those bottles
You know the champagne over the uh holo the ship
Okay, we have an ex-so police officer on seven hello
No, it's Neil sir
Neil yeah, how you doing? Okay, I just want to know if you heard the what the chief said last night in reference to like letting the people
First night a little bit around wait a minute. I can't know you could understand you in the beginning
But now it's your phone is muffled or your hand is over it or something what yeah
What with the chief said last night like letting the people run around the first day three and stuff that you get that
Let them run around and do what?
Uh, I just let them run around the first night because it was like a special occasion
Yeah, yeah, I did say I didn't hear him say because of
Well, I think obviously it was wrong
I think they should have gone in there immediately as soon as there were signs that we were gonna have a
Sirius disturbance and they should have used all of manpower
They should have done everything in their power to stop it because you know once you stand back and you watch it
It escalates absolutely. I really got still taked off. I told my wife thank god. I'm not in there
You bet, okay? I just want to let you know that um if
They would have done what you just said
Go in there the first night and really clean house, you know just go in there and
Arrest the people that we're doing. It's a very dangerous job
But somebody's got to do it. I appreciate the guys there out there now because I do know the feeling and
Got blessed them on. I agree with you. You know, I have my problems with a lot of police officers
But in this particular case you're right died and most of us who have any sanity wouldn't want to change places with what they have to go through
You're right. See you later. Okay, 1246 at WIOD. We have an open line in Boka 278 946 3 278
WIOD opalaka. Hello. Yes, uh, I'm
First of all, I would like to tell you that I think you're in rare form today
Uh, I think this is your excellent in what you're doing today
Well, because I'm fed up. I had enough of this. Okay. I've had enough of living in a Neanderthal place
Where we continue being made the laughing stock of the world over and over again
You know, I was kid during that one commercial or number one and auto theft or number one and veneerial disease
We're number one in drugs. Anything that's negative, man. We're number one in it. Yeah
I just like to say first. So I was born here 28 years ago. I'm in Miami Beach
Uh, I but many years. I've spent also in New York and Brooklyn
um, North of ox two
um, I could tell you that where we live we're integrated with a lot of black people and
Two things first of all what like you said before I agree with you 100 percent whatever happens
There's no call for doing what they're doing
Looting their own houses and burning their own big places of business and so on
I just I just failed to understand that instead of doing like we like you said before marching thousands of people towards
A courthouse or towards a municipal building or whatever it may be
Peacefully that would I think attract a lot more media than what they're doing now in a more positive manner than what they're doing right now
But the timing would have been so perfect. I mean I'm Martin Luther King birthday
A peaceful protest and say hey listen. That's what he did
We're gonna do the same thing and we're sick and tired of this
We're not gonna tolerate police brutality and excess anymore
We're gonna you know, we're gonna be out there and get the media and the cameras going and not bring disgrace on the whole area in destroy our own community
The second thing that I just wanted to point out is that I know in Brooklyn where we live where we're integrated with a lot of white people
And we have we have our share of problems obviously, but generally we we always there's a lot of people
Between the Orthodox Jews there and the blacks who constantly aren't
Communication with each other. We always iron things out and in more or less in a peaceful manner
There are some small problems sometimes
But not nearly anything what happens over here and they have I know the blacks there in a lot of the Jews
They're complained of a lot of problems with police brutality and a lot of problems with racial
Lot of racial problems and yet we don't have anywhere near over there in New York, Brooklyn
Which goes on over here like what goes on over there
What goes on I mean you just there's no comparison whatsoever and I and there's a lot more blacks over there
And they have a lot more problems over there
I think and yet we generally live together and a lot of them are working and they're doing what they have to do
And I think they're making a life a life for themselves over there on the other hand over here
I don't see that my can understand why they can't do the same thing over here
I
Don't have an answer for you sir. I have no answers
All right, I appreciate it. Okay. Thank you 1240
Now here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 w. I. O. D
Depend on it. You know what I mean? Oh anyway, it's a 105
At w. I. O. D. We're back for our fourth and final hour. We'll say this going by very quickly here today and
It was interesting and hearing that story that we just had on the news about the comment that the third night is
Usually the quiet how about that I didn't know that let's hope that that's true
Yeah, I don't I don't know that there's any such
predictable pattern that that necessarily is true, but let's hope that's right. Mm-hmm. Anyway, let's go back to your calls
We'll go to West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey Neil Glenn. Yeah
You know, I was born and raised in West Palm in 28
And generally I spent a lot of time. I mean do part of my business down there
And you know, I really like the town. It's a good town. Mm-hmm
And I guess about few months ago my wife she was always really scared to go down there
And I took her down there. We stayed at the main fairhouse and we went out to Halea
One Saturday afternoon to to the horse races and
Yes, I saw sight of Miami that a lot of people don't get to see
And all they hear about is like what's going on now and it's really just a damn shame
Yeah, it really is
You know, I was sitting here. I'm working at home today. I was sitting here thinking this is
Really a good time for some people to learn favor the casinos
To start pushing that again because that might be our only saving grace down here
Sir, let me say this to you. Your intentions are great, but you're very naive, okay
Casino gambling if we live to be 200 you will never see casino gambling in this community, okay?
It makes too much sense
Yeah, also might bring some crime to the area. Yeah, we certainly don't have we don't want to do that
No, I might God forbid bring some tourists and some big bucks to this area and we and some conventions and
Create thousands and thousands of jobs many of which would be for some of the very same people
We're saying that they can't find any jobs and we certainly don't want to do that
Yeah, it's just a damn shame
What you see you know you you sit here and you look around even just within the state
And you see a place like Orlando which used to be just a cow pasture and a bunch of orange grows
And you see the incredible job that they're doing up there and growing and now they're you know
The Hollywood thing is coming in there last time I was up there
They got these big billboards about Hollywood too and the movie industry is coming in big time to the Orlando area and Disney's constantly expanding
And it's just a miracle what they've done up there and of course they tell us got all the college kids now and doing a tremendous job
And we continue sitting here languishing and continue repeating the same self-destructive behavior over and over again
While the politicians tell us that everything's just wonderful
Yeah, I guess it all comes down to just the leadership that we have down here
Yeah, you can't complain about the leadership because there isn't any right?
Okay, you have a good one
What a way to WIOD and Open Line in Palm Beach
655-9463-655-WIOD
I don't really remember I don't you the show we did yesterday was it
I guess it was very much like this, but not as heavy I guess but I I haven't done a show like this in so long
This is what you were doing when I when I fell out I did it for years and I really don't enjoy it
I really don't I mean I feel compelled to do it because we can't see anyone make jokes today and play a lot of stupid songs
But I don't enjoy it because it's such a tremendous drain on your energy and you realize that hey
These are the same people
Buy in large YouTube and talk to for the last 13 years and if they didn't care 13 years ago or five years ago
They're not going to care now
And it's the same old hack politician, you know Steve Clark
He was the metro mayor when I first came here 13 years ago and he still some more now
We don't know where the hell he's hiding but some more now
And you know a lot of these same old tired hacks doing nothing and the same it's just like repeating a bad
Experience over and over and over again. Did you finally say I just don't want to do it anymore?
Anyway moving along I can't envision that we're going to do this again tomorrow already. I hope not oh god. I hope not
I hope you have a good time because I may call in sick. Yeah, uh homestead. Hello
Yeah, Neil. I hope you don't do it tomorrow either. I get more enjoyment
Laughing all day. Yeah. Well, it just not yeah, I just can't do it today. I just not in the mood to laugh to be I can't I'm not in the mood to laugh
Now what is that really something? You know when he's not cackling. It's really gotta be that a strong statement or what?
Now Neil you know
Down in homestead we got a lot of Latin and black farm workers down here. Yep, and I you know something is
Observation I've made is as less educated blacks and the land just cannot give it along
And it's it's you know
I have friends on both sides and it just doesn't make any sense that why when we had to riot in 80
Why there was no farms in Perine or in homestead or in Fort Launardale
I wonder if the Latin cops and these blacks just cannot communicate
Well, first of all, you know not all the cops are Latin number one and I don't
but but the predominance of the uh, you know, the commissioners and uh the mayor of Miami. Why is this happening only in Miami?
You see what I'm getting at. I mean, it's just an observation. I
Well, I think it becomes like a pattern of condition behavior right it's just like like
It's just they do not respect each other. Yeah, and a Latin cop
May not this just this is just something I've seen
May not be able to talk to to a black bird. Yeah, but you're assuming again that the reason that
All of this activity is going on is because of that shooting and I would like to correct you
I don't I don't believe that
99% of it has anything to do with that of just being used as an excuse
No, nothing to do is what happened afterwards is the actual incident itself. Yeah, I don't know
I thought that after we had the disturbances in 82 and 84
I thought that we were going to have all these black police officers in black communities
That was the that's what they told us they sold us a good bill of goods on that and that these were going to be people that
You know work the neighborhoods and walk the streets and got to knew the people and had a real good relationship and rapport with the people
That was you know the game plan, but I don't think it worked out that way did it. No, I don't think so at all
Well, and it just it's just the coincidence is a large black population here in homestead. Yeah, I'm in prime
That the same thing it never happens here that you know, I think in Carroll City and in Opalaka and in parts of Pompano and
Brother parts of Broward. It seems like there's better communications. I mean, you know, yeah
In Miami, I think that that there's a resentment on both sides and and
The black thing that you know that the mountains don't understand them. They don't want to talk to them
They don't want to relate to them and this is you know, I don't I don't condone what they're doing
But I think it's a lot of to do with communications. Yeah. Okay. I appreciate hearing from you. All right
12 minutes past one at W. I. O. D. We have an open line in
Dayed 751
9463 if you're shopping around for a D. That's the best of Neil on Saturday from tentative
Okay, it's 115 at W. I. O. D. and let's go to hypolexo. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yeah, I just wanted to call and and
Say that I do certainly agree with you about the fact that
It's certainly a bit of problem there with the the blacks and the police both and when it all gets said and done
But I think that just to stop if they do just take a minute to stop and look and
And have a look at what they've done at the time take a look and should be a time of inspection
You know for the
Police Department to see you know if they want to keep being a little abusive or
Well, no, a little abusive. I think is the understanding of the century where you keep people in the brain
You know, it's very popular. Yes, sir
And the black to see if they want to keep snubbing their noses that the rest of the populace
Yeah, but you've got to understand don't say the blacks because it's not the black
And more than it's the police. It's it's it's a group of barbarians and I'm not gonna apologize
To either side. Well, no, you know, and in these people if you're asking them to intellectualize the situation
Forget it because they're not they don't have the capacity to do it
These are people who just are animals
It want to behave in this way and they just wait for any episode it comes along like I said to the previous
Caught it's like condition behavior and that's why it keeps happening in the same neighborhoods in the same areas again
Because it keeps being permitted to happen and it's got to stop. Yes, sir
I agree that's not in the next time that it starts hopefully there won't be but if it does ever start again
Then at that time which hopefully the whole world media won't be here and it won't be super bowl
We can be sure of that because it'll never be here again
You know, they'll call out the National Guard and put every possible
You police unit in that area immediately and say hey listen you're gonna mess with us and it's fini
We're not gonna tolerate it. This is not acceptable behavior
And we're not just gonna drive around while you burn down your neighbor's businesses and churches and buildings
We're just not gonna accept it
Uh, I've been living here in the Boynton Delray area so I can't really you know
I can't really get real personal about what goes on down there
But we also have it up here. We have the same
Bad areas the same handful of bad people that you constantly see yep
Representing just because they're there the
uh, the the image of the community and
uh, matter of fact right here in Boynton last night and and uh, it didn't go too far in the press this morning
I was at hospital last night and
Fellow was shot by three gun men jumped out of their car over and uh that given bad area and
In Boynton Beach three gun men hopped out and and blew this guy away. Yeah, and I don't see the town of Boynton
Uh, going up in arms and tearing it up and and you know because it wasn't a white or Hispanic or a cop
You know, but it was it was a another dead black man and and uh, I heard on
Uh, your buddy fall Harvey there. I heard on this show quite some time ago and I would assume that it must be somewhat accurate the biggest cause of
death of a lot among
young black youth or in the 90 percent
Range is young black youth
Killing each other. That's that's correct. Oh, yeah, no question about it
It's just you know the fellow that called earlier and he then he wants to get hostile with you the young black youth that called your earlier the show
It makes no sense and
Really, you know all we can do is sit back and watch
It sounds really helpless and you know
And all that but you like you said early you can't say much about him
But if they would just look at what
When it's all done my point was if they would just introspect if they possibly can on the on
What they've done to their town as opposed to the
Sure, again, I'm throwing couches and yeah, I appreciate what you're saying
But again, your approaches to people who are rational if they were rational
They wouldn't be doing those things in the first place
But uh, you know, man has very good intentions, but I guess it's a little bit naive because uh, you know, a sane
Rational people just don't do those things
Well
Um, I was reading uh in the herald
reporters that were caught in the uh, um violence and and this one reporter Ivan Romer
Talking about uh the crowd. He says they were dancing
Celebrating and screaming. Yeah, well you saw the ones who were at 10 o'clock on the you see an end the young people who were
You know, one of them was screaming and they were allegedly outraged and the ones behind were all laughing and joking and yucking it up
And it's just uh, hey a lot of fun, man. We're gonna terrorize whitey now dancing and celebrate
You know do as much damage as we can and just be as out of control and wild and uh, you know reckless and hysterical and irresponsible and have a good time
Man, that's what it's all about. This is fun and it's a lot of crap. Okay. It isn't fun and it's not acceptable and um
I'm telling you man that idea about the chrome detention center sounds real appetizing to me man
All you people want to be barbarians. We'll put you behind wire fences. You can terrorize each other. Okay. You can just have a wonderful time
Well, even equipped them with the weapons out there. Okay, and they want to shoot each other more power to them
Just keep them away from the civilized people
Which is the majority of the people who live in Liberty City and overtown
It's 21 past one at WIO. They we have an open line in Palm Beach 655
9463
Boka hello. Hello. Neil and Glenn. Yes. How are you? Good. I've been listening to you show with a lot of interest
Um, I heard one brilliant statement
That there's a
Vacuum of leadership here in the South. Well, I think it's worse than that. I think I don't think it's just a vacuum
I think we have terrible leadership very very very polio
And I can touch you many many examples
With relation to the riots, I'm like to
Give you a little bit different point of view. I grew up in Europe and
In trying to understand both sides of of the issue
You really
The really are no easy solutions of course
But to give you an idea. I have a question for you. Why is it that
Britain in the in the country that the village colonized
They took the the trouble or the cause of what have you
To educate the blacks to teach them to be
Clean
To be to integrate into white society much much better than anyone has done here
Can you ask me that question first? Well, probably because they felt it was in their own best interest
They certainly didn't do it out of altruism or benevolence because the British were some of the worst racist and the many of them
Still are in history of mankind
So I really don't think that they did it because I think it was part of their culture and they felt it was in their own best interests
Well, it is in our best interest also in this country
But unfortunately we had to go through 200 years of slavery and racism before finally in 1954
We had brown versus the Board of Education and the Supreme Board decided that hey
Maybe it was okay that the blacks went to real schools and got a real educate you got to understand so that's only 34 years ago
Right right
I don't think that President Reagan's
statement on his radio address helped at all when he if he was the black leadership of yeah
Well, we're very fortunate that mr
Reagan in there too is going to be leaving us and that this racist state years that we've gone through will be history
Although you know again, I see no relationship between that and what just happened here
But you know, it's one of the worst racist records in history of the country and mr. Bush
I'll give him you know the benefit of the doubt. He talks a good game
And he claims that you know he's gonna have a much different attitude
But then again, we've heard that before time will tell okay
To try to find a little something positive in this whole incident somebody just took two or three calls
Well mentioned in cross-section. I think that's an excellent. This is an excellent opportunity
To look at ourselves because we live in a society that is brutal violent
People are very bitter hateful. I'm talking about not not in the extremes of of everyone
Burning houses on every day. I'm talking about just our every day normal course of
Yeah, we're like the shooting in stocked in the other day, you know as I said
It's very difficult to try to tell the American people to look in the mirror and see the chinks in their armor because we've been
Conditioned this number one mentality
We're the best and we're the greatest and we're the all this other crap right as a result when you say hey, baby
We got a lot of problems here and our attitudes are all screwed up and our behavior is just totally unacceptable
They don't want to hear that right and part of this Reagan era has been to convince people that you can be materialistic and
Screw everybody else and you can be a bigot and it's fashionable to do all those things
And so this is hardly the time to expect that the American people are gonna be introspective and look at their values and attitudes and say
Hey, maybe we ought to change and maybe a lot of the things that we thought were important 20 and 30 years ago
We're important and maybe you know how many Gucci
Parah under where we got in the closet isn't that important anymore? Okay or shouldn't be exactly
Okay, thank you very much. Thanks for your call. Thank you
124 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in Boka 278 9463 278 W.I.O.D. and we'll be right back
D it's 128 at W.I.O.D. and let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, you know, I'm I'm just tired
I really am I've been in this community for 39 years now and I'm just tired of all this stuff that's going on here
You know, this this whole situation goes beyond the shooting
It's it's a result of a band-aid fix that they did some years ago that gave this whole community
A shaft
You know, and I want to see a change in this community, you know
We need to work with the system and and it's a shame that
Less than 5% of the community
Uh, can hold it hostage like this, you know, what are we coming to you know if we can if we can I think the word is
Yes, you're right if we can't if we if we can't defend ourselves if we can
Protect ourselves if a law of issues can protect us from
These little bandits of whatever you want to call them, you know, I think you were too mild with them
Animals animals
And I'm a black man and I know you know, I don't know why people are getting offended, you know the Bible says so as you think it's so as you
And I don't even think I know I'm not animals. It doesn't bother me. That's correct. I don't care what people call me that doesn't bother me
Uh, but my concern is
We are just just just grazing the surface of this problem and these far-re
lazy no good
Politicians that are sitting in there to eye for towels and get a coat of paint and put over a dirty wall
And then when that paint begins to peel off in a dirty wall to shorn again
We need to do some about those well
You notice we got another blue ribbon panel now
Which is the latest what is this the 400th blue ribbon panel that we've had and just like the community relations board
And they sit around and try to pseudo-intellectualize all of these problems and to make them very simplistic and pacify
Everybody till tensions calm down
And then as you say we go back to business as usual now it seems to me that mayor Suarez my memory could be wrong
But I think that when he a one election over Raoul Mospadal who was the heralds handpick candidate
And they heralded everything and they're powered to try to get him elected and mr. Suarez won in large part because of voting support by the blacks
Did he not right and as a result of that he said at the time that he wouldn't forget that and he was gonna be a mayor for all of my
I mean he was gonna do this and that the other thing and
Politicians make a lot of those statements at the time of election before and just after and then of course
Subsequent to that they don't do very much
That's right. I just hope that that the people in this whole community, you know
From Dave Broward wherever can realize that we we all need to take the chips off our shoulders. Yeah, and stop
This thing about black white Hispanic Haitian, you know forget about all that garbage
You know first of all we're human beings. That's the first thing. Yeah, all black people all white Hispanic Haitians
You know, none of us are going away tomorrow
You know, we're gonna be here and and we are gonna have to learn to live together in this community and make it a safe place
So that we can raise
Some children in this community to try to show them the right way
You know politicians need to stop this big act stop the gains their playing is not just a black issue
Are some of the people in the white community just want to snub their nose and think that it's just a black issue
It is not just a black issue. It's an issue for all of us to take issue. Oh absolutely
I don't care where anybody lives in
Data Broward County and maybe even parts of Palm Beach
But especially Dayton Broward this this affects the future of this entire area
It affects the economy of this area. I mean I will grant you that if you're a hundred years old and living in a condo
And you got a lot of money in a bank and you're go to see the CD rate every day and that's your big excitement
That you can isolate yourself, but for those of us who are living and breathing people and work and live here
This has a traumatic effect on the future of this community
And if you live in an area and you don't care about it
I mean, what does that say about you as a human being? That's right
Well, we're only seeing it on a small scale here in Dayton Broward
Well, it's just a small scale and the reason that this town is being highlighted is because of the repeated acts that are taking place here
Yeah, so mine is being highlighted
But this thing has an effect around the whole nation
And you hit the nail on the head when you talked about that old time up there in the white house that should have never gotten there
Who has allowed a lot of this stuff people have taken the attitude that I can do whatever I want to do to whoever
Yeah, you know, it doesn't matter as long as my gun is bigger than yours and I got more for it
That's it. Yeah
Well, you got to understand you know when you were like the president who was impotent mentally and physically that you're gonna have a big gun somewhere
You know, so this this phallic thing that he brought into office man is obviously extended all throughout the country and he's really reinforced it
Well, I hope that I hope that something is really really learned this time and not just
You know abandoned six. I hope something is really learned this time
I hope so too. I wouldn't hold my breath because I've lived through it too many times, but I hope you're right
I've seen them all and I hope this this one is different because I'm like you I'm tired of it man
I'm ready to fall down on the floor. I'm so tired. I am I'm sick of it
I'm sick of it people, you know, white and black. They can't go in place this community
They don't know whether you got to look over your shoulder. Yeah, you don't know who's going to attack you
You don't know whether the police wouldn't mind attack you
You don't know that one day you might walk in the shop and send and walk up on a drug deal
You don't know what's going on. You can't go. I got a boat and I'm afraid to go too far my boat
Yeah, it's no way no way for civilized people to have to live sir. You're absolutely right. Appreciate hearing from you. All right
Thank you. Bye
134 at W I O D we have an open line in date 7519 463 and part of the uncivilized behavior is auto theft
Which in this a beautiful facility and it's right there in the middle of all of this and in here last night people
Had their cars attack windshield's broken
People were assaulted
People had to leave the area people had to turn around and go back couldn't hold the game which would have been a sellout over
15,000 people
Because of these maniacs because of these barbarians
So what is it that they really want if they really want to prove it in the area
And they really care about where they live then they wouldn't be doing these things
Well, we also um you made one small mistake when you said that people were not being pulled out of cars
The cbs crew was pulled out of car yesterday and they were all beaten over the head the cameraman suffered
Enough that yet to go to the hospital and have some stitches in tans. Yeah, no, you're right
I did in fact we saw that at 10 o'clock on CNN
And I would just saying that they weren't pulling them out of cars and murdering them
But they were certainly doing their giving it their best shot. Yeah
Well, okay, well have a good afternoon guys. Okay, thanks. See you later
Yeah, it's fascinating how the arena became a different kind of simple. Yeah, well sure absolutely right now
You think about it and it symbolizes the
sadness and the desperation
Of all the good people who live in those areas and of the people who work very hard to try to create some progress there
And you really would hope and believe me for all the knocks about you know the heat and what a bad team
They are I am not one of those gonna jump on the bandwagon and say oh gee, I hope they fail because I don't hope they fail
You know, I predicted they would fail because I never believed that this front running town would support a you know
A team that's one of four and lost about 32 or three games
They just couldn't believe that you know a douchebag town like this would do it
But they have tremendously tremendous and the team is gonna get better
It takes expansion teams years to you know get to the point where they're truly always competitive
But it will eventually happen
What the question is you know in the problem
It let's just hope that this series of episodes isn't gonna start discouraging a lot of people from going there
Because if it does
Yeah, it speaks for itself
Miami hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. This Neil. I think so. How are you doing? This is I'm Rudy. I'm from Miami
I got a question. What did the guy in the motorcycle do?
Uh to the best of our knowledge other than speeding absolutely nothing and you know
I think one of the problems that I should have mentioned a long time ago is the fact that the
Long long delay by the police department and trying to give any explanation of what happened
I mean, maybe they were sitting around trying to concoct some excuse for why this
Outrageous overreaction took place but but even they didn't even do that
You know as you sit and you pour over all the articles and you read the police reports
There is absolutely nothing to justify the fact that this guy in a motorcycle was shot in the head
Yeah, it could for a shot at all because one story that I heard that he made an arm robbery
That's what I was told no
So the way I feel is again he was doing an arm robbery he took off. I can't understand it
No, but they don't say what the guy did I was speeding he was going 60 miles an hour
He was being uh he had his license suspended. I don't know how many times with a lot of similarities to the McDuffies
Situation right yeah, but I think that McDuffie may have been a more savory individual
But nonetheless still you know the idea that it was on a motorcycle he was speeding and there was a you know
Hot pursuit another one of these wild chases
But there is no indication and no statement that I know of that he did anything threatening or threatened the life of the officer
and again the
Very clearly the code of police conduct the city Miami's written out very very clearly their policy
That is that the officer cannot shoot at somebody indiscriminately and let he can only shoot
If he's protecting his own life or someone else's in jeopardy, but certainly not just the arbitrarily start shooting at someone
Right, because see I got friends that are Miami-Dade cops and call gable cops. Yeah, they're everything else and they tell me yet
Some are more tougher than others. Some don't care. Some are big. Yeah, and some are totally irresponsible
Right now they want is the bigger gun and that you know and then and when they pull somebody over
If it's a black guy, they'll give him a ticket if it's a Latin guy they want
You know if they're Latin. Oh no question about it
And in fact, I've said that for years that a you know one of the wrong motivations and unfortunately all too frequent for people going into police work is they want to have
Their prejudices legitimized by the laws and now they've got the uniform they've got the gun
They got the badge and they have the power of the law and now they can terror and again
I'm not saying all police but far too many with that redneck mentality where they can terrorize any
Individual who isn't part of a group that they happen alike right that I understand completely
I'm Latin myself. Yeah, but I was raised and filled out here in West Virginia
So I don't even speak Spanish very good
But what I've noticed is I've got along with the blacks
I've got along with the latins and I don't think the problem down there is with the black people
I think it's the kids the young generation. I'm 28 my brother's 17. He's got more jewelry on than I do
And where does he get the money? He steals it. Well, that's great
You know, I know he does. I mean he's got gold that's worth a fortune. I work as a mechanic
There's guys young black guys with the Latin guys to come in trying to sell you gold
All the time and that's where the problem is soon as something like this happens. They say wow
I got a chance to get something for free
And they'll go ahead because nobody's gonna stop them. Yeah, and I you see these people on the TV Karen Calcies
And all why didn't the cops just go in there and stop it?
You know, I mean it's got to be a little bit of force because they didn't have enough manpower and you know the hair
You got an unruly mob throwing rocks and stones in bottles and unless they were gonna start shooting people
Which would have really created just a total nightmare
And assured of doing that they just didn't have enough manpower to control it
And that was the mistake that was made right from the beginning
You know because I know I you know, I'm 28 so I don't know how the 60s was or anything like that
But I I'm not for an eye for an eye all the way but well
We're not nobody can nobody can be for vigilante justice
It just is not acceptable whether it's done by the public or whether it's carried out by police officers
vigilante justice in a civilized society is unacceptable period. It's not a debatable point
And I understand it's like my wife works now down in the coconut grove area. Yeah, she's got a drive in a black neighborhood
Now somebody let's say something happens a black young guy does something tour
Now I'm gonna have a threat against all blacks
It's gonna be well all blacks are bad and I don't have that feeling. I know that it's a young
Some of the young generation some of it maybe the older generation, but it's not all the blacks
You see what I'm saying? Absolutely. It's it's you know, they're like you got some of the latins
I won't deal with some of the latins because they're just pigs
You know like some of these refugees that came over they got more stuff and gold on them
Than anything in this world. I mean, maybe yesterday my friend people are people and this this obsession that we have and especially in this community
Where did they just hung up on what your ethnic background is or your races?
Difference you're you are either a decent person or you're not a decent person period
You know that regardless of what any of those other synthetic things are that you have no control over
You know, I work hard for my money. I work. I'm right now at lunchtime
And this is the first time I ever made a phone call over a radio
Yeah, and I've got a boat. I've got a house. I got my two cars
You know, and I'm happy. I'm having a kid on the way
But you know, it's just if the kids would just get out there and work. I have them don't even go to school
I mean, you know, I see it in my own brothers and sisters because I've got two
younger brothers. They're always in fights. They're always worried about the
New jeans have come out and when I was young I never cared about that
No, I remember a few years ago. There was a big thing about the
the conditions in overtown Liberty City and some of the neighborhoods where there are rats and there's garbage all over
And I said on the air at the time and I still haven't had an answer to the question
We got all these kids who can't find jobs. We have a lot of idle time on their hands
Now I just can't imagine I bet there'll be a lot of people would be willing to volunteer
garbage bags, you know, big hefty trash sacks certainly aren't that expensive like a couple of bucks a box
And if you have any pride in the environment that you're living in I mean no matter how humble it is
If you got any pride as a human being
Why wouldn't they be better off spending their time, you know, cleaning up all that garbage?
And of course once there's no garbage there are no rats right and
You know making themselves a livable environment as opposed to you know selling crack on street corners and throwing stones and rocks and bottles and
Raging people out of cars and beating them up
And I never got an answer to the question now. I still don't understand you know
There's a good commercial on I don't know if you've seen it
It's about it's where these young guys I'm not sure if it's a
Drinking commercial whatever, you know Coca-Cola one of those types where they show a park and a
In a downtown like area where it's all destroyed and then everybody in the community got together and fixed it up
Yeah, you know, and that's what the people need to do, you know, you have to not just think yourself
Self self all the time, but give a help and answer well
Well, you know again repeat. I don't want to get redundant here repeat the whole show from yesterday
But a lot of attitudes within the black community are gonna have to change too
You in still values in the home and of course where there is no family unit. There is no real home
It's almost impossible. That's why we have a lot of these problems. Right. I come from two divorcey
My parents have been divorced my mom has been divorced two times
I've come from Cuba. I was born in Cuba and of course I lived in Philadelphia
We didn't have anything I lived in a in a black neighborhood very close to me and
Whites here and everything was you know, it was like those apartments all
all the wall
type of things and we all got along. Yeah, we got broken in and they stole the TV that we got out of a junkyard
Because that's all we could afford
But everybody helped
You know everybody in that community if I needed a couple of sugar
I know I could go next door and ask for a couple of sugar if I needed a you know something
Happened to me they would come and help you
You know here you don't see it. I don't even know who my neighbors are in this. Yeah in this area
Yeah, okay. Well listen, I appreciate talking to you make a lot of sense to me and the things you say but you know again
You're not dealing with rational people well. They got to get tougher on them. Okay. Thanks. Thank you
151 at W I O D 155 at W I O D. We got a mobile on a Palm Beach line. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing?
Okay
You've there's a lot of good things being said here and a bit of information that I wanted to pass along to you and
Everybody there the newsroom I left a golf course about 45 minutes ago on West Palm Beach
right just north of Okachoby Road in West Palm. Yeah, and
we in fact saw
three extremely large helicopters flying low
Definitely military helicopters dark dark green
They were headed south and then about another 10 minutes after that another one flew and they're flying about 500 feet off the ground
But they're a little to the west of us and
Could not get well, let me ask you this why would military helicopters be coming here? Well, I would think that would be national guard
They were definitely dark green anyway
Where they were coming from that I don't know I would assume I don't know where a large installation is presumably
Jacksonville or land though. I don't really know
But I would assume that they were definitely
some sort of
Three-in-a-fleet like that and these were the extremely large ones
A lot larger when you remember back to the time when
Nixon was living down there and keep his game when I was living down there myself too at the time for about nine years
I hope it is that and I honestly do believe it is how to go about checking on it. I'm not really sure
But my I guess my question now is the integrity of our good old
Commission commissioners there in Miami and what in God's name took them so long to
Finally throw up the flarence. They hey. We need to do something
You know, I've got a lot of skepticism from over the northeast where I'm originally from and
You know people this could have been and should have been nipped in the bud
Uh, a day ago at least
Because this morning I was on Miami Beach early and watching
CNN news and you know, it has broken nationwide and whatnot
But I hope this does bring some relief and I hope something goes come about from it. Okay. Appreciate hearing from him
Okay
Yeah, I don't think there is one immediate answer
But again, he's right the right in the beginning. They should have reacted swiftly and strongly and had a good
Disho forest and they said hey, we're just not going to let things get out of control
And subject the area to another
grotesque
humiliation, but we have
We've had another not just nationally, but worldwide. I mean media is here. The super bowl is the single
Most watched event in the world. I mean you can't compare anything else even in the world series because the world series is
A four to seven games. It's a succession of games day in and day out
The super bowl is a single event
That is watched and covered by more media than anything else in the world and as a result we have
Media here from virtually every yes technical
Technologically advanced country in the world. So um here they all are and this is what we are providing for them
And they've seen the way we've handled it or not
And they you know the impression that they're getting at what this community is all about of course as you pointed out
You know, there's a whole page there of media people who have been in the wrong place at the wrong time
It got beaten we saw the Canadian Prince and the guy with a blood pouring out of his head and this will be written about for weeks and months to come
So as I said yesterday do not
Look upon this is some kind of an isolated episode or something that we can sweep under the carpet
You know, you need to look at it from the larger perspective of not only how we are living as a community or not
But how the rest of the world looks at us and I just I just don't know you know
I always keep saying it and we somehow managed to survive just barely but
How much punishment anyone community can take I mean it's been going on virtually nonstop for the last eight years and
Uh, you have to wonder how much longer it can go on
Anyway, we're not going to go on any longer because we're at the end of the align for today
Steve is a coming along next and he's got an entire panel of folks are going to be discussing the
riots in over town in Liberty City and I guess we finally did conclude that we can use the word riot today right now
I'll Reverend Carlton Coleman of the new Providence Missionary Baptist Church which is located in the area in questions
Gonna be one of the guests and some others so stay tuned and
I want to thank seriously the audience we had some I'd say 99% of the cost they were thoughtful and reasonable and rational
And concerned and if nothing else show that there are those people out there concerned about the area that they live in
Okay, have a great day. Let's hope we're peace and quiet and the cooler heads to prevail tonight
We'll see you tomorrow morning at 10 here on 610 WIO day
You
