1.35 at WIOD. We've had some real brain surgeons here today. Those of you who are really listening
because you want to learn something, you've learned it today.
Boka! Yeah, Neil. Listen, I looked at it in the morning. Thought he sounds very sexy.
What does she look like?
136 at WIOD. Let's go to Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yeah. How you doing, Neil?
Okay. Just calling in the... How you doing?
I'm doing okay. Well, that's good. I'm doing especially good if you're looking at the...
I'm not going to... I'm not going to dwell on the fourth, too long bird. I just want to make a...
Too much spore, it's pal. Just one comment for the med fans out there before the cups get rolling again.
Just looking at how I want them well went over for.
Yeah, he's sitting about 2.30. Can I leave?
No. He's in about 2.30.
Just two more quick stats for it.
I wonder who you'd rather have leading off to.
Rome Walton or Wonsamwell?
Not a ball game. Maybe a bank with a first answer, something on it.
So Wonsamwell is going to speed.
So thanks for going to three for five and Roger McDowell says again.
So I think the med organization ought to be listening and maybe they can learn something new.
Yeah, well they got David Con pitch in the night so...
Montreal shouldn't score more than 12 or 13 runs.
Well they're the team that's being the first inning. They're the team that beat.
You're right.
All right, so still guys.
Okay, too much sports.
Sorry.
137 at WID. At least he's sorry, okay. He didn't mean it, but he's sorry.
What do we got? Everybody for lightning round? I guess that means we got to play something, right?
What could we play that would take up some good time while we can sit back and relax and you're ready to go home?
Oh, here's a good thing for the guy with the penis problem he called you for.
Well, there's sure a lot of stuff that we haven't played in a long time.
That I used to hear that on I&Z years ago used to play that all the time.
I&Z?
Members say and see?
Who played it?
You did.
Oh, yeah.
Kick an ass when you were kicking ass over there midday?
Yeah.
Yeah, I've forgotten that, haven't I?
Yeah.
No, the only thing I haven't forgotten is all the great colors we used to have over there.
Yeah, that's true.
Never had an hour like we've had.
No.
We had some real, you know, some people who were with it.
We just weren't fixated.
It seems like this station has got a bunch of guys who are like fixated on like between their legs.
It seems to be about the only thing they can think about.
Which was the same at wins, but they were thinking about it in a positive way.
These people are all like wishful thinking over here, you know?
Yeah.
We haven't played this in a long time.
The American cowboy.
Tough, different, smelly.
We settled the west with just a horse.
A gun and a whole bunch of beer.
Our beer.
Zeldin Schlock beer.
When Pat Garrett gunned down Billy the Kid, they were both filled with our beer.
When Kuster confidently rode into the worst ambush in US military history,
he just finished a case of Zeldin Schlock bongies.
Now you can enjoy the time-honored recipe of our founder, Papa Zeldin Schlock.
Yes, even though it's harder to make beer this way,
out of the back of a chuck wagon from ingredients we find in the cow pasture,
we still do it because, well, we're stubborn.
Stubborn and backward and like Papa, just a little bit local.
But that's how you get them around on the prairie, all alone.
It's just a horse and a gun and a whole bunch of beer.
Our beer.
Zeldin Schlock beer.
Enjoy a great tradition of the old west.
Get them drunk and shooting up the place.
Get Zeldin Schlock beer.
Here's another cart that I'd forgotten that we should have been using all along,
especially the sound.
Now let's do the car.
Boy, yeah, talk about fitting in like a wild.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, what are you doing?
Don't take, what is he doing?
Taking my H trying to eat, cleaning out.
You know, I can, you know, it's one thing to get a little carried away
like you notice he took my celery out of here when I wasn't finished with it yet.
Man is just out of control.
You know, I can't hear it a restaurant and the waiters are too comfortable.
It's like my grandmother used to do.
She'd go make it out of your hand.
You'd like you to have a bowl of soup in front of you
and then whatever she was making for dinner.
When it was done, she was coming to shock him.
Okay.
Or the prom beat.
That was amazing.
Broward.
I'm sorry I was gonna ask you about that penis, but I'll spray it over here.
Broward.
Ha, ha, ha.
Broward.
Blank, your magic twanger frog.
It's Buster Brown.
There it is.
I'll be damned.
Dave County, hello.
That really, really crossed my ass a little.
Broward.
That you're in swoon.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
We'll see what happens tomorrow, okay.
We'll be cut into pieces and see what happens.
Was it David Cone again?
Dave County, hello.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh.
Oh.
The bell, my face.
I might even call in because I get the sports champs
on a satellite, you know, and I can realize most of the med fans won't be able to see their team lose tonight.
So if it gets really bad, I might even call in and interrupt the draptio on the air and give a little report.
Thank you for doing that.
Well, I'll try.
Dave County, hello.
You're a bad man.
Palm Beach.
It's too late, Bird.
You're already a dickhead.
Broward.
Radio personalities are ugly.
So tell us something we don't know, John.
Broward.
Rolls-folder E.B.A.L.A.
Dave, it's not only to see King Suck, East Wallows.
Boca.
Same Beth time, same Beth channel.
Broward.
Oh, that's a problem.
I'm Jada.
Too bad we couldn't play a little bit more of that, but we can't re-broadcast their signal.
Okay, sorry.
Broward.
They only got eight inches.
That must be the cone on top of his head that he's talking about.
Oh, of course.
The match is Sheets.
Dave.
I'm a cheater.
Palm Beach.
Get there.
Oh, God, are they good?
They're great.
They're not just good, they're great.
We got more of those today than usual.
Dave.
Coxhead, please.
Broward.
Hey, these are got new rogues on the ball.
Broward.
I'm the clearest cup fan in town.
Broward.
I'm the clearest cup fan in town.
I'm the clearest cup fan in town.
Dave County.
Hello.
For those who missed it, that was a good one.
Yeah, of course.
Volca.
The Volca figure is an asshole.
Palm Beach.
Yeah, with the Witts, McCluffie, at the age of American League.
No, but Greg Maddox for it.
Broward.
They need like one my money back.
Dave.
And the heaps number one pick is Eric Kumaron.
All right, little draft preview.
Now we're finally getting something top of the Volca.
Volca.
There's a line guy who's dated, is that a...
Bob Murphy, Jr., I recognize that voice anywhere.
Broward.
I can rap, be a sick.
Dave.
French players with douche bags.
Palm Beach.
I got a little profit.
I got a little profit.
Broward.
The meth and the Yankees.
Also stuff.
Dave.
Palm Beach.
Dave County.
Thella.
Boy in Beach.
Public drivers.
Or douche bags.
Broward.
Rikki from the Allotted Jewelry is a douche bag.
Broward.
Now Mickey, who's with an eee?
Carlos Jr.,
hella.
Volca.
He's not kidding.
Dave.
I like Kingo.
Oh, wow.
This is fun.
We're getting home.
We're in mower, really.
On the way now.
Oh my god.
I'm going over here.
Yeah, that's what I feel like.
Broward.
I love gay michael.
Like I said, is that Mrs. Von?
Yeah.
Pombi.
15, go up for a telegram.
Dave.
Baseball card.
Broward.
Yeah.
Pombi.
First, I knew lady bird Johnson.
Dave.
Feel like my head going explode.
Yeah.
Broward.
Hey Chris, was it good for you?
Boka.
I'm a Neil Rogers fan.
And a goal will be made then.
And I trust you are too.
Dave.
Boy, just a little bit more.
Just amazing.
Broward.
Hey Kane, is that a ring you're wearing?
Pombi.
Poppel.
Stimmerspet.
Dave.
Doodle Wally Polly all the day.
Dave.
Hi, this is Joe.
It is very round.
Broward.
Love you, Perry.
Wow.
Pombi.
He's been hiding in the dinner.
I can hear the boots in the back.
Dave.
Dale, pack the ear onto the work.
Boka.
Boka, guy on high.
That is right.
All right.
Broward.
Dave.
And the bad ring the rear.
Yeah.
Boka.
Boka.
Boka.
Over time and properly translated the Poma.
Chief, nasty, pretentious bitch.
Worthwork.
Broward.
They don't come any faster than handgover.
Which question?
Dave.
George of the dickhead.
Broward.
Hello.
Hi, Dave.
Sammy, Sammy.
Hey.
We'll preview of the NBA draft tonight.
Specifically on 610, your sport's obsessive station.
where it's more than a game it's a sickness and last but not least in Boka
yeah all right I was good kind of like a little emphasis there was work
or feeding anything all of a sudden have yourselves an incredible day Steve's got
open pose next and then tonight don't forget you got the NBA draft for as long
as we can milk it up till like the wee hours of the morning so stick around for
that it's gonna it's gonna be shameful is what it's gonna be well it's still be
going to speak in a shameful tomorrow morning on the Nick Renekto it's made green
maybe if they just spent more time selling donuts instead of calling this show they
did some business Boka yeah yeah bird how's it going terrific hey listen I've got a
Monday and Tuesday and I'm curious how was the door lady how she looked great
mm-hmm biscuit bird mm-hmm like on a a PBK you look can I ask you a question no
seriously can I how are you married yeah you're married okay is your wife like
holding out on you or something no that was gonna be my next question he's
anticipating I mean you're obviously not getting enough because when you have
to start fantasizing about voices that you hear on the radio I'm telling you I
mean she's a very attractive nice lady she's not Raquel Welch and she's not
the Harry Belafonte's daughter whose name I can ever remember whatever name if
she's very attractive and nice and all that but she's you know she's all right
you know like yeah you'd like there but you know your wife would have gotten
really pissed yeah yeah how about a man can row it wimble then oh right at a
rough time yesterday but you want another incredible 28 after 11 at WIOD we
have an open line in Boko where that's bonehead just hung up exactly textbook
case of a terminally boring okay if you say terminally boring it trust me what
I'm not here you can talk all the tennis that you wanted to take off six months
to get the audience back okay I'm talking to plantation hello yes me how you
going great it's who it's for Jim it's for Jim yeah how my pirates only
Wimbleton yeah your pirates are really exciting boy I'm gonna shut your
mic off in a second we got to have some balance now we don't have to have any
balance it's my show there's nothing to balance okay you're just a flunky
over here okay just keep that in mind because Todd is ready to move in at any
moment go ahead I went by last Saturday but the place with
so damn I didn't stop yeah it was amazing it was really incredible it sure was
they oh by the way Joey Blanc did sing that song let's a little girl down it
wasn't Bobby Blanc no Bobby Blu Blanc sang next time you see me I got about 10
thousand records any time you need anything really well I stand corrected
them yeah first mistake of the year he says I mean this morning all time
you know I'm getting the same problem you know 48 and I'm stuck in here lately I
don't know but the how about that the Mac and Rose I know we're the clock
we're the clock not interested hey no we went to Vegas last summer yeah with
121 the day we got there I don't suggest going there in a summertime I hate to
break the news to you go there anytime it's always great because you stay
inside all the time it's air condition there's no problem at all yeah but if
you try a little level is incredible you try to go just next door it's a wind
blowing 20 miles nice we were there one day when there was a wind a dust storm yeah
it was incredible I've never seen anything like it in my life and all those
street lights went out you know and they were swinging around in the wind I
mean it was like a it was like a hurricane it's saying I've never seen anything
like but it only lasted about an hour yeah right I think they do that on
purpose they got some kind of a device it makes everybody go inside and gamble
their brains out well I had to laugh the guys on a radio were saying but it's
so beautiful out there I'm saying you give me the whole week we were there the
low at night was like a hundred and five I have a feeling you lost I have a
feeling you lost your money okay no no I didn't I sat I went nuts I sat in a
sergeant I sat across the street it's easy to support by watch all the games
but everything I went nuts watch the cops the fires and forget it you know but
oh it's awful but he even the fact to get away to be not keep hearing about
watching but I don't hear anything about gambling no no I don't I don't gamble
you don't gamble you know he doesn't gamble he went to Vegas and he said
there he did all he went to the seasors he went to the start but he doesn't
gamble what is that is that something disgusting that we can't put on here the
top ten list top ten things the bird should never do by a house that number
ten take credit for any of Neil's ratings for example ratings with the bird
six to a seven without the bird over ten take of a game get so that's I know
it's wrong but I'm just reading you have to respond to all of these are they
do that insecure number seven get six so that someone with ten like Ernie
E.J. Joey Meg Green or anyone else fills in E.J. Oh geez putting Biddy and six
allow Bill Cogger to fill in five tell jokes four air penny grievances against
other people in the business who are joining with Neil's criticism distinct
Steve Hank Tom etc. Three butch up to try to do the lightning round without
Neil and number one list of things the bird should never do
he'll superior to Lee Alice Steve Meg Green or anyone else for that matter what
adorks
that the one that called so they sent the great facts must have been we don't get
anything on a fax machine but the guy that sends all those entries from all
the tracks and from finger lakes and the reason we can't get anything else he uses
all the paper up the worst top ten list I've ever heard
I'm gonna go over and look during the break I remember time so hello hi how
you doing good who's this Brian Brian how you been Brian good listen Neil yeah
Saturday at home for you know how yes Brian I'm Danny's brother Danny yeah
from yesterday oh Danny from yesterday yeah and we went over there we were with
a guy Bob Bob and I was wondering are you in that mix related yeah
are you guys were identical twins no no because you guys look like in
Bob right up to that rich and goes hi Neil yeah he felt he felt like a jerk didn't
he yeah and my brother Danny he's the one that said you is that the French
the Garter you remember oh yeah that Danny's okay
yeah Danny's a little and I'm a little black and you're the one with black here
well whatever you say what's your name again Brian Brian that's what I thought
was oh look at it we got a whole bunch of stuff on the facts machine Brian so
well anyway just don't bring it to us because they're too busy getting ready to
eat our lunch I like to say out of Bob and call my brother Danny a door Danny
your door okay Brian and you know something yeah you're right all right see ya
hi I'm 30-33 what do you want to be here's a thank you for turning sound of the
return of Dion you Frank he's a great album and it says um turn people on to
real music on entertainment especially here in Bomb Beach land of the living
dead oh this is in Palm Beach in Bomb Beach that's cute yeah that's boy there
right says don't bitch about Dayton Broward because you don't know what you've
got true so you lose it as Ralph Donna would say as they say over it I hear
the bone swan motel mmm-hmm toward Lauderdale in Coral Spring oh there's a new one
another first class hotel will come to oral springs is official from the
Coral Springs Mall in adult playtime and unveiled this artist's
contraception of the ambitious project that will the bone swan motel is
already established the name of a papa isn't that the one where they have like
the water beds in the in the room by the hour what do they call in rooms right
the freek mower accident injures man you're not gonna be but I think there
could be some pain involved in listening to this this from the Milwaukee Gazette
from from the AP a man who lost part of his penis in a lawnmower accident
out was in satisfactory condition after the organ was attached to his arm
until it can be reattached the hospital spokesman said it was attached to his
arm until it can be reattached and he said gee dad it was a warlet's sir the
details of Saturday's accident are sketchy but apparently the man in his mid
30s was making repairs underneath the tractor-type mower when he was injured
said James King a spokesman for free dirt memorial Lutheran Hospital in
Wawa tosa the tractor was on blocks at the time of the accident attaching the
organ to the man's arm allows it to receive blood so the tissue will not
die King said the reattached an operation could take place within a week so
a lot of you old guys up there like in sunrise and tamarack this could be a
real boon for you if we can say that just to kind of like cut it off and attach
it to your arm the tissue will not die okay good and then when you get the
opportunity to use it just kind of like going to the nearest bar and tie
went on wow wow is right a real that was a real cutting experience 1135 at
W.I.D. we want to tell you about Wings Plus boy they are doing a business up
there now like you wouldn't believe because they become legendary you know
there's some places that become we've got some cigars what a guy
and broke brought me a box of cigars and even sent it matches
hmm boy these are heaven I don't think we could have survived the him and he
were almost eight months at W.I.D. without these all the food has been great
yeah these are like special dying and going to heaven you get your little
bag Roger I don't know I don't know I just birch beer in here maybe he
didn't bring a little bag well back and bring us much we add well no we didn't
a lot hmm I don't want you on your again because I get some people real upset
and if you eat too much and you start belching and
two-pinging and doing bad stuff I didn't even have to tune in I heard the
show yesterday my belching and the same old talking come on give us a
break oh you see you did get your little bag Roger you have a little faith
there's a calling for a lot of them hello yes Neil yeah how's it going buddy great
pal good I'm a big chicken dude what I say what's going on and not much dude I'm a big
med fan but I don't have to do I heard you say they worth the next running
three to two well I was incredible because Montreal left eight runners on base
in the last three innings but they finally got the I don't I wasn't paying any
attention because I was free to pass out but they did finally score in the
bottom of the 14 man you know I'm not a person who claims everything on a man
here but I've been saying you do you got to get rid of the yeah I mean he knows
about as much about baseball I'll tell you who they should have traded like a
year or two ago was strawberry they could you know while he was still good
remember they were gonna get a lot of people for strawberry boy because you know
and he's the biggest he's not playing he's injured now anyway but I mean he's the
biggest loco and the biggest wasted time a big cry baby and I'll tell you that
trade they made with a fillies boy that's looking worse every day that is one
sem well he's got like two hits in about 25 advance for the meds so far
thank you's Aaron O'Hooley yeah that's three seventy what can I tell you
I was sick you're did you watch any of the draft oh sure are you a heat fan no
are you not a heat fan not an NBA basketball I mean I hope that he's do great you
know because it's Miami but I'm just not into being an NBA fan well they got
a CEO Glen Rice is gonna be the best sick out of that well I heard a little bit
about that and W.I.O.D. for six or seven hours last night they're great they
have to rehash they said if Glen Rice under the job they're gonna bring in
Jim Rice and if he can't do it they'll bring in Donna Rice yeah that'll
spice the crowd up a little bit yeah yeah I'm on my way to Paul there right
now great I'm gonna go hit the six six hopefully good got anything in the
doubles all that money for the fixer and the devil now I can't I wouldn't give
you I looked at those names man in the double I just take a pin in like you know
pose your eyes take the program and run your finger up and down and just stop
when it feels good you know that's what I should do because I'm serious when I
handicap I lose no I just do that so just stab as you said all right you do that
or try to get in touch with feel the whole mark your program you'll be rich
no salt men that's a guy okay thanks good luck
thank you anyway hey we have a little something here for you look at my
check would you like one or two of these please one two here come on take another
one just because you're such a wonderful guy okay anyway see it's a little
trade-off there a little one for my check it's well worth it trust me and
half the price thank you very much for me my check here and that great and nice
here's an envelope inside it says they don't ever come back to this building
again I wonder what that means no they're great they're nice people don't you
realize how much because they're the accounting people for like both the A
and F M yeah aren't they right I think so so you have any idea how much
money goes through this joint I never thought it all yeah just a frightening
amount and of course I went by accounting one day and they were like they had
two stacks on the desk on the big desk in the middle area they were like one for
you and I don't know what that meant there's Andy who probably could use
in cheer it probably would like one of these now let's see I got three left I'm
gonna have two of them are you gonna share you're gonna give one to Jarrett or
you gonna eat all yours because I gave two of them to Gary of course it was for my
check now I'm not gonna give yours away if you're gonna get
surely one would you give up one well see now there's other people oh we don't
have any looking we don't need to do it no we just we just have one for
Jarrett one for Andy you don't want any well here's one Andy came running for
this immediately I wish I had mobile and told way specifically don't go crazy
because we don't want to feed the news people today now take one of Glen so give
it to you you'll take a one now come on take one of those you'll be already
it's like a pig in here okay how many more is he got one one but how many do you
have oh I don't know but several okay don't feel bad okay I'm fine I'm out
of the answer all right 1144 oh here comes Mitch again looking at the thing it's
70 it's just nice in here it's just the bombing you know you want to turn out a
couple of degrees I would my couple not to not to 30 again okay
68 that's okay okay 68 sounds great oh no I know we'll bring our sweater no
problem I'm one of these big carcass that when I was in the army in Alaska it's got
the big fur you know I like it for you know that I'm gonna you know I like that
well before I miss just I'm serious I'm gonna be there nothing to do with that
room being too warm because I went in that little production studio there they
cut those spots I got frostbite immediately my hand was sticking to the
real tape was frightening we're sticking to the take-up real which never
happened at Zeta because we never had a take-up real remember that we in fact
Zeta was so bad we had to have listeners and take-up reals that's how bad
Joe we had one guy used to work here I don't want to say what shift but he used
to work I think he used to sell the take-up reals okay what is that say the
small prod is broken what does that mean you know what that means oh the small
production studio I thought he meant small prod I thought that had somebody
with Sally Fitz it's 1146 at WIOD we want to tell you about shells right now
of course it's it's only a radio show
you are a douchebag
it's only a radio show but it's the best of meal Roger Saturday morning's
10 on news talk radio 610 WIOD
why would you think I don't know it looks now there's nothing moving in it well
good not to be early sanitary was only on the floor it's 1150 10 till noon I'll
be damned this thing's almost halfway over I got my check already and we had
once here what the hell we might as well hit the road right Miami hello hey
it's the real Joe no it's not in to Joe junior you really getting it down pretty
good now yeah we're working on it how's it going bet you are yeah well they're
gonna call us will you ask me to call you back remind you you said this week
you're gonna play the casino and then you can tell me goodbye right well I'll
work on it all right I appreciate it good I can find the CD in the next couple of
days all right because I'm not gonna be able to listen to you after this week why not I
called you the day I'm moving on big oh yeah yeah well it's gonna be pretty bad
out there do you hear what I got bitching about the how high it was and then it turns
out the guy doesn't gamble yeah he's adding the sports book watching the ball game
what kind of crap is that we have to fly you know a couple thousand miles just
sitting on some ball game you know yeah he's like just the kind of guy that they don't want
out there what I keep to do that really exactly they don't buddy listen you know how you're
talking about the PlayStation next door how they won't play Dion what you mean 97 GTR
more that one yeah well during the time I say that one okay I during afternoon drive they
have a thing called it you know the top five five or people who want to request what songs they
want to hear well why doesn't everybody you know listen to your show call them up and request
excellent idea this is a good idea great idea during afternoon drive okay
all right everybody call a party and demand of written on a subway laws by Dion yeah I like that
I definitely great and one more thing I asked Steve Cain if he thought you know I'm burning
the flag with free speech he was talking about free speech and he's a little bit free you know
haha he's all for it you bit all right you think while Steve was eating a free meal while
burning a small flag it's free yep that's it all right he's great to give the certainly
weekend yeah he's the better thing she's got a message for me trying to stick him up as
well he's really doing it this week I'll tell you I love her all right that's it see you
five five I love her too well we can't find a casino's yet but we have the next place
oh it's so close oh it's so close it wasn't that the trucking where the casino is the guys moving
the vagus isn't that like kind of symbolic kind of ties right in like that douchebag you called
before is that every dime that he ever made is this some sounds bad doesn't it no yeah that's
what sounds like there's a channel missing well it's a yeah it's 1153 at W.I.D by the way we have a
bulletin from the newsroom president voices he's mad as hell about the flag and he's not gonna take
it anymore okay and he's real pissed off seriously he's ordered a national alert he's ordered out
the national guard he doesn't know what he's gonna do with it but he's really pissed and he wants
everybody to know he's not as big of a wimp as we thought he was okay so there seven minutes
till noon at W.I.O.D. and we have one open line in date boy it's getting a little shaky now because
I got one more burger here we have one open line in Palm Beach and I got a commend the audience
today I realized we had a long way to go but this this has been such a breath of fresh air hasn't it
and just tremendous just what I was thinking yeah that's just one more here this is just exactly
the way we wanted it way and we thank you again you're just the bloke you want to be low key today
which is just nice early oh man it's weird that is so good like I said better than an ought to be
here's a call from Miami yes good afternoon or good morning well pretty close pretty close yeah
really getting there almost more getting there hey I was just want to tell you first of all have a great
vacate a great time on your vacation thank you and I was listening to the program which
which you had beyond on and I thought that was one of the most tremendous programs you had
and I've got the the yo Frankie I've got a tape person let me tell you that is and I hope Frankie's
listening because that is the most tremendous and powerful I think that's the best stuff he's done
I agree it's it's really excellent I mean it's just it's really great I was listening to that program
and the one you had to be on and are you are you like nodding off
so we're real enthusiastic in the beginning I was like you're about to take a hand
now I was just getting my thoughts to get it all I thought maybe it was like the sound of your own
voice it's just a little joke okay anyway I was listening to the program with Deon and that one
person that you were talking to when you're talking about the the valley parking when you're
talking about the valley parking people and you were calling these guys a a jerk and a pods and
all that I was listening to that and I could take that part of it and I did a I was fooling
around with my with my recorder and I was doing like a Neil headroom and if you and if Neil headroom
was doing it here's where it would sound like if he was talking to that same guy
what the hell was that I mean he must have dropped the phone got like one word of it out and then
we got he must have dropped the phone or whatever he was holding a nice setup yeah I was
next when we got about a half a word out that this we got disconnected wasn't us sir believe me whatever
you did they saw your fault four minutes still known at W.I.O.D. Del Rey
yeah I was listening to to to managing this morning and what's his name a bird whatever
name is jerk before word yeah right he was talking about 9.6 numbers and he said that
more downy and as one it's called it 9.36 miles we said that's a dumbest thing since
I'm in a six Neil oh that's you did he really yeah he said that and didn't have that then he
said out he said come on come on what's going on for you yeah who's a big Neely what he is I've
talked in yeah he's talking to him jerk before I've talked to him on the phone wow and he's a big
Neely hmm why do Neely some magic are there oh I wish they'd get their music straight now
they sound like he's a pretty big Neely oh yeah well that's a great report that made my
do all right Neil thanks a lot all right how about Ron
thank John I don't know I don't know he's into boom boom my friend yeah I think so
it's kind of like they are over here next door I hear boom boom on the wall right as we speak Miami
hello hey go on yeah hey you're gonna warm up that soft game for me oh I can't answer your question
sir because of the present company okay well when the fat man leaves town do it to it okay slim
yeah you later bye excellent call
I like boy Nick doesn't know what he's in for next couple of weeks gonna be great every every
douchebag every you'll literate every moron you've been through before it's not
a bad day once you get it warmed up no once you give them encouragement it's not as bad
is everybody said tamarack I but when I get up in the morning I have breakfast when
Renere is talking and when you guys have a lunch I have lunch and I made a big mistake yesterday
that that during draft time I ate and I'm still suffering from the afternox
really well listen if you do everything like intandible with us yeah are you there definitely
that's right I asked Nick if he could do it big if he could put that on me but after you know
yeah I'm doing now we don't let Nick have those cards he could be dangerous oh look at this maybe
Robin will be a sidekick with good wouldn't that be great yeah right probably will happen no
no lady yeah there you go oh thanks how about April I think it'll be me yeah I don't mean I think
it'll just be me hey you just want to get ready to go to the roof of yeah they pull on absolutely
okay listen have a great life you too see you okay we're gonna what is that are they actually
banging on our door now look at that door is shaking the whole door is shaking okay so maybe we
could like knock back like a signal like spoke signals okay we got April wore them standing by
with the new and W.I.O.D. news this is the moment that a lot of guys just speaking the American
flag they get up in salute with April's doing my new last time and welcome back at 1205 Tom
Jitra for Steve at two Hank on sports talk and Yankee baseball with the Tigers at 730 tonight
I'm happy looking the camera now see I've never been on baseball and I've never been on
so stay ready this is the launcher shell this is your brain yeah I wonder if Captain Dave
were here right now I wonder what he'd have to say about his morning show experience yeah I'm dying on the
hand I'm 37 at WI.I.O. I see let's go to Miami hello it's a motion like you around okay are
you gonna be okay it's not a little shaky I'm always a little shaky I'm a push back
okay hold on now I at least like your pizza chain too by the way so much business you okay yeah okay
not to share about that when it was a little shaky I used to like when I worked there I told
us a million times but it was so great because like here we get all this food you know yeah
call because they used to have this blasting we're a rock station and blasting inside the place
and they would like request a stone's record or whatever is we put it on come on Tom let's
sneak in here and we they'd send us this gigantic pizza you know you remember shaky's pizza did they
have it down here what oh Tom's gone too much I mean news don't oh that's he worked for Cox news
anyway I'm just fading a little bit isn't he looks all tan and how's he isn't ready to go
all right you go here's a mobile and brown word hello okay hey you taking over
to your show and you don't think I like to do every time he goes on vacation where did you hear
that rumors yeah but you got a lot of company in that category sir you know why why
the rancels well I agree with you hey but listen that's how I make my living in support my family
but you don't know radio no make up remotes that haven't been invented yet with sponsors
yeah do it no way there you go and you know something I can't believe they do that because you
know there's no speech on the team and you know like the other team like the cubs like that when
for somebody's not doing their job the team suffers well Ryan Sandberg's supposed to be on the
team too but he forgot about it that's why he's old for 500 now so you know I saw it was in
the afternoon sir believe me okay today I know what I'm gonna do what I'm gonna go home and I'm
gonna put the tape on I thought the watch that comes up put it on video tape and then I watch it
on fast forward and I go right to the end and see if they won or lost because the loss I just
shut it off and if they want I can watch the highlights you know hey listen I bet you guys down on
Saturday at that Toyota Hollywood yeah and I just wanted to say for all your viewers you know
you're in deep blowing the radio you never know what they look like yeah then you see
them by the way they were on the radio no I don't you guys feel like absolutely there's no
to hey listen to that absolutely you're great thank you bye bye see you okay great or whatever
now that they see you do the casinos now then you can tell me how it's that how it's here the
casinos and then you can tell me good thoughts and I listen to you call her well we I don't have
the handle okay so what do you guys say Tom Tom has got the people from Channel 4 and 6 and he's
gonna rip them an ass man like they've never heard Jane Newman the gentleman we're gonna try to
find out how come nobody can see that picture and Dick Lobo the GM for Channel 4 we're gonna
find out what they can Jim Brase they're on their way over and they're a little nervous about
I think they heard Steve's from us by all you can do the scripting and I could get a brutal yeah like
cramp and okay 148 at WIOD and of course the Tom has got quite a show to stand and how long
are you going to be pissed on a couple hours they promised me an hour each and let's do that
goes what do you mean our each they're not coming together and Steve's the one with having
wrestling on the floor I thought they're gonna be in the Lobos not gonna be it's like four o'clock
oh four o'clock yeah so like two to three with Jane Newman and then you're gonna have
open three to four or maybe around a while I probably get a lot of calls and then
and we'll see take it from there okay because I want to hear you talk about your
satellite dude you're not nice we've covered it all pretty well I'm not a
Mexican last night I don't know what that was disgusting last night I mean they played like
little weeks I was sweating I'm not believe got picked it off in the 1230s I
look like Mitch wedger under the mask jump right in here going and he's like well it's
lightning around some of me I heard driving on down yeah no he's always done okay let's
get this over with okay and make it painless Patti
yes he rode I bet you said hey hello this is Dr. Benz over
brown life live it
bokeh yeah bolecky and very help the Bosnian Adams
go to get your socks
browners get out of these night clubs get a little fun guy and
face error oh my god they
the else people make me want a pill
what was that the golf game oh funny I didn't recognize it I can't believe it's
brown I'm looking for you
that's right in the shower I stay in there for a while time pal to make sure the water's
real cold okay bokeh come chicken you dog racing
buddy wait for you I could call on the light
okay I'm sitting you've got some tapes ready for you today okay uh date hello
hello I'm not the big blocker another big blocker
fun yeah we know what you are browner Neil you're a joy
homie win in training over here
huh I don't be exciting so far date hello have heard of panda making it for
hours what
oh
browners bring back the keeper of the kids oh right
oh now we're getting all right that's our third vote for stew so let's keep
that okay
homie what's the question
browners the cobbler are butt men
day
playing right play right play right
brown okay there's our first little jump of the day why
if he wants to do this it's a chance to
come so that every day we get one or two of those and
breathe there yeah only wait for the lady to build back up again
anyway uh after Tom we got Hank Goldberg with Glenn Rice tonight
you never want draft pick of the mommy heat in case you didn't hear our 75-hour
NBA draft Joe last night to tell you what really pissed me off I go to the store
I listening to a little bit of our draft show for about four seconds and I figured well
maybe I better turn over and see how the mess game is coming okay I punch up QAM
and there's one the draft also how you talk about over two
I'm sorry I'm broiled in this brutal game which I did see the end of what I came back
but it must have been like in about the 10 to 11 thinning when it was going on and they're
doing the draft we covered with a blanket okay and it was on TV yeah and it was on TV so
this market really uh they're not well okay not well I mean if you're going to care
for them it's over there carry if you've got a carry at the loss okay yet
both okay hello
hey hello hello I'm off
honey well you're a bad day
day counting hello Sally kids please call your doctor
oh boy too bad attitude coming over today maybe a little later on
brown or hello you're gonna be watching a lot more
there you go hello
well I was standing here wasn't it I could tell day counting hello
oh uh listen the wrong one brown or I've fallen and I can't get up
um browners
very good question there you go day counting
and last but not least of course additional final call in
okay well that was great well this was a quick four hours
yeah we deserve Tom jick is standing by
for Steve today so it's gonna be very exciting as Steve still not always
is standing at the cup game
who's you here hey
browners
browners pointing in and QAM pissed me off last time
hum big
what did they do just didn't carry the game where they just left it and never came back
I think they were going back and forth from the draft to the
oh you know of course Montreal had like about 85 base runners in last four
readings so it was really 10
what did it's funny thing was you know they had cappalown down the
end of four o'clock and then he stays on to the last day
he's 117 and he was on 430 yeah 4 in the morning
he's a good gubby he's a rascal on my message that I apologize for
usually or I didn't give that message to you I get out
saying thank you getting sunstroke was about a hundred degrees
and I forgot it and I said hey remember me and I say I sure you know and I
just kind of blew them off but he's used to that he works
it's a day hello
why oh really got some interesting information
day time hello that would end up what I can
browners the open has returned oh are we lucky yeah see on the lightning
ride that's a good place to get it out of bed is your place for him
hum big
polka
yeah sorry pal browners
y councilman
browners hey fight
the area homie
date picture number
再见
Dave
Yeah, that must be your hot neighborhood
Broward
Hey, Glenn, get a real rap
Palm Beach
Palm Beach
Little slow, little slow, little way
Dave, this is Joe, you guys seem very
Oh my god
Broward
Yeah, no more than ever, I want you to talk to a poor ladies pan
Dave, be on tape, but he hasn't asked
