I'm a cup fan and a bud man and I trust you are too.
Okay, that's what he's saying this morning.
10.05 at WIO dates a very quiet Wednesday and all the powers that be are allegedly in
meetings.
That's the excuse.
They're all in big corporate pow-ows on the...
If there's anybody who wonders by the way, why very frequently on the show, we catch
about the WIO, the sales crew and their mental state, the corporate sales consultant is
in the building again today, who's here yesterday.
He used to be our general manager at WIO and Z.
I'm not going to mention his name because I go into shock when I mention his name.
I start hyperventilating and going nuts.
By the way, the ratings are out the trends.
Reneeri went through the roof this time.
He just did so well that like you said, next time you'll probably go down a little bit and then they'll
start talking about it.
See, it's interesting.
The trend came out yesterday and you notice how they're none of them here.
They had great job.
You know, I would ease up to a 5-4.
This is probably the first time that they had three upbooks in a row in centuries.
Okay.
Since they had the wireless.
But conveniently, they're out of the building.
There are these big meetings.
I think what it is is they're taking like 10 days off for memorial days.
What it is.
There isn't a question.
Yes, there are not any questions.
I mean, we're sitting around the computer yesterday afternoon waiting for all this crap to finally come out of there.
And like they're not even in the building now.
They're not even in touch.
They're already left.
Haven't they for the long and well-daired?
Well, they're in meetings.
Oh, alleged.
Now, it's possible that they are having meetings out there in a golf course.
They're always playing golf.
I'm absurd.
It's unbelievable.
With no balls.
That's an incredible part of it.
It's really something to watch as guys out swinging it air.
Okay.
It kind of looks like Sean Dunston at the plate.
Although Sean did hit a home run last night.
We don't want to get carried away.
But for all you meds fans that comes our game ahead.
They're in first place this morning.
So I'm taking a picture of the standings.
Now, speaking of standings, our horses yesterday are so running.
But we finally wised up.
We're going to stop picking out of the sunset.
And that's why we had a little slum.
Because they're graded entries, man.
I don't know who makes those, but I think they've got somebody who had his brain removed in San Diego a couple of years ago.
Speaking of that, I see your pick is in a second race today.
Picking the chalk.
Final cat with Steve Gaffley-owned.
Oh, boy.
Not for me.
Not with my money.
But I guess we'll get to hear that later on.
And mom picking into seventh race.
Katie Oversthreet with Mike Gonzalez.
First of all, it's a short field.
Second of all, he's picked right on top.
And thirdly, I need another winner, Desperate-Lace.
That's right.
That's where I'm.
Is that a sprint?
I hope that, yeah, six four longs, Phillies.
That looks pretty good.
Okay, so that's what's going on.
That's Hi, Alia, which closes Sunday, by the way,
that'll be closing day, be free admission,
and call her, be open for just forever.
And we'll get out there all.
For the summer.
Yeah.
And then some.
Also, Steve today has got a very unusual thing.
He's got another rabbi on.
And one he never has on the show.
Myer Kahana is back again.
No, he is.
I don't even want to read that.
I'm sorry.
Steve, you're a wonderful guy, but I don't want to read that.
I'm okay.
It's disgusting.
Now, Ranieri went through the roof of the trends.
He just went nuts.
And we went up a little bit again.
You know, it's, uh, uh, uh.
Well, it gets to a certain point where it's a law of diminishing return.
You can only go, didn't I tell you the other day?
Yeah.
You can only go so high.
We're not going to go keep going up forever.
But I know now on the one trend when we do start going down,
that'll be the one when they don't have any meetings.
They will be in the building for that.
Oh, yeah.
They'll be here that day.
Wow, it's it.
It looks like he's kind of peaked out now.
We better have a talk and that eating on the air is getting out of hand.
And I don't know.
Maybe it was just a mistake in the first place.
Yeah.
Because he don't get along with a sales department.
And that sales consultant, you know, he's with the BDIs.
They don't get along.
So you're probably, you know, be here today.
The next trend comes out.
But anyway, we'll take a little time.
Now, those of you who don't care about the ratings,
let's see a little flash on the phone and get rid of these first two.
Well, we're ready for you to call.
We'll let you know.
Okay.
Don't try to impress us.
Oh, one of them was a spy report.
Well, I they'll call back.
Everybody who is sick and tired of hearing us take a lot of time
about the ratings and think it's monotonous and boring.
You better like the lines right now and we'll just skip it.
Okay.
There's three, four, five, six, seven.
Everything but Palm Beach is lit.
Well, that doesn't count.
Does it?
Palm Beach?
No, you take those into account too?
I don't know.
Neither.
Yeah, that's Palm Beach.
So I guess they're anxious to hear about it in Palm Beach.
Or they just don't care about anything.
All right, just a second.
Now, there goes Palm Beach is ingering out.
Oh, they hate it.
They're sick and tired of it.
Okay.
We cleared all those lines.
Now, those of you who are dead.
Now, come on.
Don't monkey around here in Boka.
Remember that day I couldn't put it was like putting out brush fired.
Put it out.
Put it.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
When you want them to call.
Look at that.
I said that's enough.
Every line.
Now, what is this?
What are you calling for?
Yeah, see, yeah.
Palm Beach.
Hey, how you doing?
You say what, sir.
Like I said.
Oh.
They're not even listening.
They're not.
See, here's proof.
It's only taken me 13 years plus in this market to determine the reason why when we bring something up.
They never respond.
Because they're not paying any attention anyway.
We're like the test pattern.
We're just there in the background.
No, just.
That's how they know they're still alive.
That was incredible.
Now, you said that we can only go so high in the ratings.
But I noticed that one certain day car solo keeps going lower.
Yeah, on another stage.
And lower.
Well, we'll get to that.
We'll get to the.
Colonel and his army.
I just, I don't understand what they're doing.
I mean, how long can it go on and on and on?
And I don't wish any of them ill.
I don't even know the Colonel, okay?
And Brad, although he is kind of a pain in the ass, he's, you know, he never is still afraid to.
And a captain, Dave, in spite of the fact you hate his guts, I like them.
Come on.
You do.
You hate his guts.
Only because he rips me.
Only because, but that sounds like yes, you do hate your, his guts, but only because.
That's not true.
No, I didn't.
I just had a real interest in it.
No, don't answer those phones, Roger.
Don't be out of your mind, okay?
Broward County.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Neil.
What do you say, sir?
How you doing?
What do you say?
Not much.
Wow.
But I mean, why did you call your wrist?
I asked something.
My head.
What were you saying?
My head.
When you dialed that phone and made the line flash, what was your editorial comments, sir?
Well, the other day I was listening to you.
And you said that when Walt Disney comes back from being on a froze, and I just want to let you know that I heard he's not really froze.
Okay, well, that was good.
Mike Disney, who's frozen, okay?
1013, mentally that is.
1013 at WIOD.
What about you?
It's 1016 at WIOD.
So Sharon was just in here, and she's very upset because I left Jared out.
We've been talking about the interns, which will be pleased to know Dorothy has got two young lady interns now.
You're kidding.
Well, she even heard you were upset.
Yeah, I'm real upset.
So Jared, who of course is the one who wears the high around his neck, who's a wonderful young man, but that goes without saying.
Okay?
That went without saying, but Sharon's very upset because we haven't given Jared any time on the year, and of course Todd will be.
And so we have lunch from Wings Plus today, which reminds me, you know, Mr. Food that fatslaub on Channel 10.
He's about as appetizing looking as, have you ever gone into a restaurant?
Remember, I can mention it because they're not in business here anymore.
Remember Nathan's?
Sure.
They're long gone, right?
And you remember you'd go into one by U of M, which went out moons ago, but right across from the campus there.
You know, I'm talking, what is that red road?
Yeah.
Yeah, it is.
And years ago when I was there when I was doing the ball games, once in a while we'd have a double header or something and Bob Berger and I would go over to Nathan's.
And the guys they hired behind the counter all had like long greasy hair. They were real hairy.
You know what I'm saying?
And you'd get the feeling like there was going to be hair in your hot dog.
It just wasn't appetizing and they obviously didn't do well.
And they disappeared real quick.
Now what was I just talking about?
Oh, Mr. Food.
So anyway, Mr. Food last night on Channel 10, which I never watched, but I was at my mother's having dinner and I'm a captive audience and because she watches Oprah every day, then Channel 10 news automatically.
So Mr. Food in the 536 segment is talking about chicken wings, Buffalo chicken wings.
And I thought, boy, that's great because wings plus is coming tomorrow.
And you know, we're just nuts about their food.
Well, what it turned out to be was a two minute commercial for this other wings Buffalo wings chain.
Which I've never been there and I probably is great.
I don't know. I probably do a good job.
But he never mentioned wings plus. He made it. It was like a commercial plug.
Now I thought Mr. Food was like a restaurant, not a restaurant, but I mean like a food preparer type guy.
You know, some of your little recipes does that.
It's indicated.
And it was a commercial.
How can that be?
He was in town for this one.
You know, in four hundred days.
Really?
In this particular place got four locations.
And I thought, boy, that really pisses me off, okay?
Because wings plus is outstanding and we didn't get a mention and he acts like the only place you really get authentic Buffalo chicken wings is this other chain, you know.
So Mr. Food, I hope that the bird of paradise drops a good one right in the middle of your baked lasagna, okay?
That Mr. Food.
Yeah, what a douchebag.
He fits in perfect at Channel 10.
I don't like Channel 10.
They don't like me and I don't like them.
I'm trying to think, well, I like Brian Norcross.
Brian's fun in his own way.
Yeah, I was just going to.
But what does Don know?
Yeah, what the hell does Don know anyway, right?
And then of course that what's your name that you were so excited about who can't get your hair straightened out anymore?
Oh, that is your name?
No, no, the other one.
Diane finally got her hair straightened out.
Terry Merriman, she's still doing promos over there on that show that's about to go off the air.
So I think that should give you a real good insight as to where their tastes are.
Well, you know, she's into the Zeta morning show too.
Well, speaking of that, these Zeta morning show, now I'm going to take just a few moments under ratings because first of all,
nobody else around here is going to pat a micron area on the back for an incredible.
Well, we did very well too.
And Steve, we all did.
In fact, the station is dominant in the AM.
I mean, there's nobody close.
Five point four share that's the highest the station's probably had.
Maybe ever in the modern era, five four is just.
So we went from a four six, four eight, four seven.
In fact, these are the one two three four five six.
These are the six months that we've been here.
Station went four six four eight four seven four seven five one five four.
Okay.
Okay.
So it continues inching upward.
And once you get into the fives on AM especially, just in fact, the next English language AM station.
Yeah.
W snooze has a three four.
Yeah.
So we're being about two full points plus most of our people are alive.
Oh, their demographics are horrendous, man.
I mean, they're so ancient.
Anyway, before we get into the day parts, which went nuts, Zeta stayed flat overall.
I had a one six and 12 plus.
Oh, but in the morning, that's the real story.
Yeah.
When you think you've bottomed out, you know, you've got about as low as anybody can go.
Six to 10 AM 12 plus Zeta four from a one seven.
Well, let me just check.
I want to be sure I give the right number is because it is.
Okay.
A one seven one seven one five this time.
Okay.
Hitting a new low.
They're in the areas now that only only joy rentals has had the courage in recent years on a major station in this market to explore the depths at that level of once.
One five for that morning show.
Now, correct me if I'm wrong.
They've gone from a five five to a one five in seven months, six months.
And this is only through a yeah and all the same management team is still in place.
All the people responsible in December, Jennifer and Marjor and five months five months.
They went from a five five to a one five and everybody is still there.
Bulger is still there alleged.
Yeah.
And the morning crew is still there.
No, not everybody.
Casey got canned and of course he was on at night when their ratings have always been in recent months of bismill for a long time.
And I don't think it has anything to do with the music to you.
Anyway, let's do a little break then we'll come back.
We'll go about the big numbers at W I O D will give you a couple of others.
Some ironies Y 100 I know Sonny will be upset but while 100 I had a big increase and they just fired their 10 year old program director.
So that kind of interesting and she had a pretty good increase to GT are a little shaky.
Let's rip the crap out of them.
Okay.
Where is Bill wise?
What is that?
He's on the golf course.
Let's rip the crap out of them because you're out having those big meetings and powwows with those Cox executives today.
That were really impressed.
Okay.
It's 1022 at W I O D 1026 at W I D.
Okay. Now we can start gloating morning 12 plus hot which of course doesn't count because they've got all ethnic kids under the age of three.
Renere went from a six to a six five plus in the morning.
Wow.
Number two in the entire market.
Oh.
First on AM English language so far ahead of any wins for example at a four five.
Uh huh.
So that's by two points.
Also he probably don't even know it because they don't give him anything.
They keep him in the dark all the time.
They slip him a little wine and keep him as quiet as possible.
But 18 well 25 to 54 he went in the morning from a five three to a six one.
Whoa.
Which is gigantic.
Also in men all across the board to station number one.
Seven seven overall.
Renere in the morning's got an eight eight is number one in men and today we got an 11 one.
Steve's got a seven six so a separate nighttime which went way up by the way nighttime.
Now that we finally got rid of Bush BingBang we got some baseball in April.
It'll do well.
That's 6 a.m. to 6 p.m.
We got number one in men by far.
Anyway 18 to 34 which is shocking.
Wait till you hear this.
18 to 34 which is living and breathing people.
Renere went from a two five to a three eight which is an increase of 50%.
And we went from a six one to a six eight.
So we hopped up one we were number five now we're number four in the whole market.
I can't wait till the day we pass GTR.
34 they're going to be so hysterical around this building.
Spike wise will be throwing his newborn baby off the wall.
He'll be going nuts won't he?
Ah it's going to be a mistake.
We're going to call belt still right now.
They are sampling right.
Every time the trend comes up man he's got the same tired old star.
We're sick and tired of hearing it Bill.
Okay.
We're tired of hearing it.
You know the fact is your music sucks.
Okay why don't you just admit it.
We like honesty don't we?
So anyway Renere went nuts and we went up from a seven three to a seven five.
We didn't have a little drop there in 25 to 54 from an eight six to an eight.
But you know I'll take that.
You bet.
Because we're still number one in 25 to 54.
Not only that but we're number one by more than we were before.
Because magic dropped from an eight to a seven.
So we're beaten by a full point.
Are you following that?
Mm-hmm.
And then Steve in the afternoon from a four seven to a four six.
So he was about flat.
But in 25 to 54 he stayed just about the same.
Which I can't even find it.
Because there's so many pages now they're getting all unglued.
But he went from a five five to a five four in 25 to 54s in the afternoon.
So we're just doing great.
We're really doing it.
Now of course the only way we can keep going up is if you folks start making those phone calls to everybody you know.
And get people to listen because this place gives us nothing.
I mean no promotion.
I got some t-shirts buried downstairs somewhere.
And we got a couple of billboards finally in places where living people actually drive.
But other than that they're just not promotion minded at WIOD.
There still were still trying to wean them away from those old evil ways.
So not easy in this joint including the sales department for speaking of evil ways.
Why do I keep bringing them up like constantly now just like I can't even go through one minute of my life without one of their faces popping into my mind?
Can't we get an elevator so.
Oh.
Who we don't have to walk by that part of the building.
Why heard the Dennis Collins.
Wait a minute.
Seriously this is a room where it's only a room where I heard that Dennis Collins got wind of when we were discussing that the other day and he thought it would fit their building better.
Because the role where is there going to be playing elevator music on AM and FM so we're kind of fit in.
Yeah you're getting your little elevator downstairs and you come up and you're listening to Ray Connick.
You hear this in the elevator.
Yeah.
And you get out in the hall and you hear it on AM FM PM and BM.
Now did we beat guns or do we want to talk about him?
Do we have to talk about the guns?
No.
Well we will.
Oh good.
Midday.
Well life beat us.
Life had a nine one.
Make no mistake about it.
For that elevator music you can't beat it.
That's midday.
And then a hot went down to a five eight.
So we clearly beat anybody who has an audience that's alive.
That's real.
We got a seven five.
Hot's got a five eight.
Magic's got a four five.
Hmm.
Boy.
And what about Sandy?
Well GTR midday has a three eight 12 plus.
Well we don't care about 12 plus.
We're one of those younger demos.
Yeah right.
They really went in the old cramper over GTR.
Now I'm going to really rag on it.
You know because they make me sick over there.
They make me nauseous.
Love.
And we have I haven't see I haven't really looked at a lot of this stuff.
And now that Yolanda was kind enough to give me all this stuff.
We can just milk lots of time out of this.
Maybe right up until lunch shows better than when it's plus today.
And then Todd's coming in today.
Boy we got an exciting day today.
We got some heavy duty stuff.
What is that?
We got a cart.
Look at that.
Rogers got a real evil look on his face.
And we got some kind of a cart.
What is it?
Oh isn't that cute?
It's about Rob Lowe.
Our Rob Lowe?
We shouldn't waste any time.
Did we?
Well let's get it right on.
All of Hollywood's a buzz.
On actor Rob Lowe's a let's home for a flick with a 16 year old girl.
And I know we're late to the question.
Did Lowe ride her?
No.
What?
What?
Oh a little slow.
Oh.
Gus is on.
Yeah.
And you're only with Lowe.
I've already said they have no doubt that it is Rob Lowe.
On a pornographic video with a 16 year old girl.
The Brad Pack actor is currently in production on the film.
He's got use in food.
No.
Brad.
Like camera.
Action.
Down your cam.
Car.
The let's get a little action.
And make a pornographic.
But you got to make it quick.
Cause he's got to be in full tomorrow.
Ha ha ha.
What?
You need to mold when you're a copter.
Or if you're purr.
Man's will be just like at the end.
Make a pornographic with a young devil rapping.
Now you're on to jail, quick and do all the...
No.
What?
You know this is only sexy.
And now this hotel.
Will it be your last scene?
Make a pornographic.
But you better make it quick.
Cause he's got to be in full tomorrow.
Oh my god.
Hey you guys.
It's showing that video or Rob Lowe video again.
Where where?
Oh my god.
Look just that way.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Look just that way.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Look just that way.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Look just that way.
He's the host that she's the host of in Skandle.
Ha ha ha.
He's the only 16.
No I know how she gets the story.
What could have happened?
He's an oh, she won't provoke her.
Okay.
We had to get Dick fatherly on it.
Yes, we did see the thing in the herald today.
Lord is an Ace of A to home.
Sure is a very nice person.
But she is so out of touch with reality.
She's got this thing about Dick fatherly and being on QAM in the morning
and how they're rating suck and all of this.
And then his comment, where is that thing about how he hopes...
He says, audience sharing is the way he's going to do it.
I want WI would need to be very successful.
The father and bigger, they become the better chance we have the feet off their tune in.
Now I'm not sure if that's because they're next to us on a dial
or because we talk about our good friend Dick all the time on the show.
But she makes no reference to that.
She's oblivious.
So she prints that.
But it just sits there.
You know what I'm saying?
So if people aren't in tune to what's going on here every day,
they have no idea that he's an oh, she won't provoke a tour.
Exactly.
Now she hasn't got any idea who we are, where we are in the dock.
Neal, who?
Yeah.
Is he AMRF?
Okay, it's 1034 WI would do.
We're going to start really sinking our teeth deep into the ratings.
We got it.
Oh.
The belt.
Yeah.
For the most significant problem facing man today is...
Yeah, I know.
Is these trends.
Now we'll just spend a little time.
We'll do whatever the hell we want basically and you'll like every second of it.
But really, you folks who got to start picking up the phone
and calling from four ARD VARCs in the beginning to triple Z Zebras in a back at a book,
because that's the only way we get any publicity is if you pass the word, right?
Yeah.
Word of mouth.
Remember, tell a friend?
Remember that stupid...
Yeah, it was pretty stupid.
Anyway, it's 1034 WI would be right back.
1037 WI would be Steve with Rabbi Meyer Kahana for the 18th time this month.
No.
No.
And tomorrow morning, hurricanes will be starting the regional up in...
...Kainsville.
And for some reason we're not broadcasting that game.
I don't know. It starts 1130 in the morning.
Well, what the hell does that have to do with anything?
Are we into the Kains or not?
Okay.
Well, why?
But anyway, Sonny is up there and he'll be calling in with reports throughout the game.
And of course, we'll also have an in-depth report on how Greg Maddox and tonight's Cubs game
is they try to sweep Houston.
Anyway, looks like Sonny, if you're listening, don't buy the call in him because it's going to be very depressing.
WI 100 had a big increase in this trend.
For example, 12 plus they went from a 3-8 to a 4-5.
Number 5.
Right behind power that's got a 4-7.
Wow.
Power went from a 4-3 to a 4-7, but WI 100-3 to a 4-5.
In the morning 12 plus, WI 100 had a 5.
See, I'm leaving hot out. That's not fair.
I mean, hot's got an 8-1 overall 12 plus, which is just monstrous.
They dropped a little, but not much.
8-3 to an 8-1.
So their number one of everybody in the market.
But in the morning, hot's got a 7-2.
WI 100's got a 5.
That's up from a 4-3 and power is got from a 3-3 to a 3-6.
So WI 100 had a big increase.
And of course, the 10-year-old program director that was here, he's gone.
So I guess they couldn't wait a few more days.
They just decided audio.
It's not that he was any genius, but he haven't only had something going.
Right.
That was his last trend.
Yeah.
That was his last, his farewell.
She was part of a shot.
And then in the afternoon, I better give this or else he'll call in Cox.
No, he did Cox went way up to a 5-2 in 12 plus.
WI 100 had a 4-7, which again, a big increase for them.
And hot had an 8-9 in the afternoon.
Okay.
Wow.
And dentures.
Yeah.
That dentures, the Greece race, who comes up with all these stupid rumors that have ever come true.
Anyway, 18 to 34.
I'll give whatever the hell I want to give.
Okay.
Look at that.
GTR, 18 to 34 for the weak drop from a 10-7 to a 8-6 in a hot state at a 14-9.
They're just beating the crap out of GTR.
But they're not competitors.
Are they?
Of course not, because GTR is AOR all over the road.
Now, let's take a look at Love 94.
Let's start looking at some of our favorites.
We don't give a fuck about these idiots on the phone.
We don't want to talk to them anyway, right?
And anybody in the audience who doesn't care about this stuff, you've got to be a moron.
What would you rather have us talk about?
Okay.
Rob Lowe and his four toes that were sticking out of the bed?
Anyway, let's see.
Who do we want?
Love 94?
Oh, please.
Yeah, because you hate them with the passion.
That's more fun to talk about that.
Love 94.
Oh, we never did get middays for Gonser.
Did we?
We don't want to let old Jeff on.
Look, where we get to one or five in the morning.
Boy, that is just tragic.
Okay, we had a seven to five in midday here on this show.
And we thank you so much for being stupid enough to keep listening.
Love 94 from a three-five to a three-six in midday.
Mm-hmm.
Who is that?
Um, yeah, nobody knows.
How did Ron St. John do it, the magic?
Is he on a midday?
Afternoons.
Oh, excuse me.
Eric 49 to a four-five in midday.
Oh, Eric Brandon.
Oh, yeah.
That bleached blonde guy with a...
Yeah.
With that real DJ voice.
Mm-hmm.
Sandy had a three-five in midday.
God bless, Sandy.
Oh, isn't she something?
And W.I. and Zimid, they had a one-nine.
Oh, right.
A one-nine, ladies and gentlemen.
A W.I. and Z.
That's from a six-four in the spring of 87.
No, wait a minute.
What am I talking about?
It's from a nine.
That's right.
Oh, this is 12 plus from a nine in the spring of 87.
Two years later, a one-eighth.
Do you remember when we started?
Well, no.
The Zayda Morning Show, we made a big deal.
We started with a one-seven.
Mm-hmm.
And we got it.
Oh, John's here.
Went from a one-seven to a one-six.
Just a little erosion there.
Just a slight bit of erosion.
But of course, wasn't there a big story all those 18 to 34 numbers?
They were doing so great in the book.
Oh, yeah.
Wasn't that the big thing over at Lutley?
Well, let's take a look.
18 to 34 for the whole day.
For W.I.
Z.T.A.
They're starting to lose some of the luster off the banana.
I can say that.
In a morning, 18 to 34, where we used to have double digits
from a three-eighth down to a three.
Oh, no!
What happened?
Come on, Colonel, that can't be.
Say it isn't so.
Let's get Brad on the line, OK?
He's their savior.
Wow.
Not working.
Midday, 18 to 34.
I thought this was their big story.
More two down to a three-eighth.
See, they had one fluke month in there.
That's right.
And I thought this was their big story.
They're coming back to reality in the 18 to 34s.
She, by the way, would look at this afternoon drive.
She went from a three-nighter of a five-five in 18 to 34s.
Wow.
GTR from an 11 to a nine.
Boy, I think things are slipping again.
Wow.
Better get off those meetings in the golf course
and start paying attention to business.
You know what I mean, you idiot?
Zeta 4, 2 to a four.
And you have to know in the 18 to 34s.
And of course, at nighttime, which is their strong suit,
as they would say, from a three to a three, they stayed flat.
That's not so bad to be honest with.
Of course, he's gone now.
Yeah.
But 18 to 34s not there.
Well, maybe they did great in 25 to 50s.
Do you think so?
Should we give it a look?
Huh?
Let's give them a chance now.
Okay. All right.
Well, now they, you know, they got somebody fighting on it.
Let's be on it.
That's true.
I think it's pretty funny.
Two-four to a two-six overall 25 to 54s.
See, where you're getting a little...
See, they went up.
See?
premature in your...
Evacuation.
Evacuation.
premature evaluation is illegal in this town by the way.
Let me take a look here, Presida now in the morning.
25 to 54, two...
Oh, boy. Now that's the AM-2-4.
Two-three to a two-four.
So they're really picking it up.
Oh, he went through the roof.
Yeah, we had a seven.
We take it all back.
Uh, 25 to 54 midday.
Gonser, I bet you're doing a big number in this.
He's a talent that is yet to be discovered.
He is.
He's a big talent.
Here he is.
Two-four to a two-four.
Consistency is his byword.
He's always right there.
And...
And he had to do that Mike Lyons, who really...
Nationwide search.
Don't forget to keep him.
He's an math, I think.
And they should let him go.
Two-five to a two-eight.
Oh my God, that's where it is.
See, this month it's the 25 to 54s that will keep them going one more month in that God forsaken format.
A 25 to 54s that W snooze are so embarrassing.
Alistop from a 1-6 to a 1-4.
Steve had like a 5-4 and he had a 1-4, Alice, so.
4.
So...
I was at a friend of mine for a week's story yesterday over in Westchester and she had on Waxi.
And Ricky was on?
Yeah.
And I was sitting there and Ricky played Moon Dance by Van Morrison.
Now Ricky didn't just click it.
I mean, you know like how he does on that tape with Dream Lovery just kind of...
And he's like...
I mean, he was stomped up.
You know it's only got like a 6-second intro?
You know the feeling when you're a disc jockey and you talk for 10.
Yeah, you're like doing your rap and then all of a sudden they start to think.
Yeah, and how awful that is.
You know what you do when they do that.
Even with the so-called food surpluses that currently have plagued the United States and the Western world.
I think if all the food in the world were...
We can only distribute it among all the people in the world.
We would all be in a state of starvation.
I mean, somebody's cheating somewhere along.
I think we're the ones doing it.
Let me just pass 11 years Bobby Dare Dream Lovery.
Oh, that's not a bad thing.
Now we gotta try that again.
It's a very classy program for the entire family.
Don't like to run over the records when they start singing.
Okay, here we go.
Hello there, the Rick Shaw Show Sunday night.
WQAM, here's Bobby Dare to say,
Grave Lovery!
He can't...
Every time I hear that I just want to plot.
He can't start a movie anymore.
There's no records anymore.
He couldn't do it.
He starts the CD over again.
Very simple.
Oh.
You're gonna do his punch it in again.
Well, but when you're on tape...
It's a little tough.
Yeah, when you're on tape, it's hard to start over.
There's no question about that.
Anyway, let's see how your buddy Gregory Benjamin did.
Maybe he'll call into his sonny foximitation for...
Gregory Benjamin.
Gloves 94 in the morning.
Mm-hmm.
Well, you know that Reniri beat the crap out of him.
There's no question about that.
Oh, yeah, Mike had a 6-5.
And Gregory Benjamin is not on the first page.
He hit the bottom of the second page with a 3.
Oh, Greg, say it isn't so.
Say it isn't so, sweetie.
A 3.
God.
I mean, like, while 100 out of 5.
And Reniri had a 6-5.
And, uh, wins even out of 4-5.
Whoa.
And magic at a 3-7.
GTR, even those two fakers in the morning,
Herman and McQueen had a 3-6,
which is a half a point drop,
I just mentioned in passing.
Tanner had a 3-6.
Waxy FM, those two guys who are big groupies of ours,
but are both brain dead, Rick and Puts,
had a 3-3 down the page.
And Greg had a 3-share
in a cum drop of 15,000 people.
I heard a rumor.
It's a cum's down to 118,000 people.
What kind of a book is that, Greg?
I heard a rumor.
He's here today.
About, I don't know.
It's doubtful.
I don't listen.
You know his sidekick, Joanne Rice?
What?
I heard Gregory yelled at her
because she wasn't laughing loud enough at his joke.
Yeah, when are you going to start laughing a little louder?
I've been meaning to talk a little bit.
I'm getting pretty sick and tired of this.
Anyway, let's see 18-34.
Let's give them a break here.
Let's look at some of these demos.
Are you folks enjoying this?
I am.
You've not dropped it.
Oh, 5-7 to a 5-5 in 18-34.
It's a more not a big drop,
but an acune drop of 10,000 people.
Wow.
Woo!
Oh, okay.
Let's take a look at those 25-54s,
because that's Love 94's bread and butter.
I'm sure that that's your...
Oh, yeah.
Let's see, overall, they drop from a 5-1 to a 4-6.
Huh.
Boy, wait till we get to afternoons at Love 94, you know.
That's the part you like.
Down, I already looked at it.
Oh, really?
Did you sneak a little look?
Oh, my God.
46 to a 4-5, Greg.
You know, it was 25 to 54s.
And a drop in cum from 100-4,291-13,000 drop in cum.
Wow.
God.
Boy, I'd be really hysterical about that if I were...
Okay, let's take a look at the...
Ah, it's just a trend, you know.
It's just one stinking trend.
3 to 7 pm, 18 to 34.
I love 94.
That's Irene pardon me for being a douchebag,
from a 6-3 to a 5.
Oh, big drop, like a rock.
Wow.
Dropping like a rock.
God.
How about in the afternoon?
That was afternoon.
No, I mean, 25 to 55.
Oh, good.
I'm getting ahead of myself here.
And I keep starting with the first page.
Oh, they are on the 5-2 to a 4-4.
Ooh.
Wow, and a drop...
Listen to the cum.
100,000-585,000 six-minutes.
That's about a 16% law that didn't come on.
It's big, really afternoon.
Yeah.
With that Irene pardon me for being among brain-richer.
It's...
Pardon me for being a Yanta Irene-richer.
Anyway, we're just having a good time here.
We're looking at all the people who sucked in a trend
and having a great time rubbing it in,
just rubbing it soft out of their wounds.
That's what it's all about, okay?
When you're doing well, just remember,
it's not important that you succeed
but that your friends fail.
You're good friends like Irene.
Oh, yeah.
And the Colonel, etc.
It's 1049 at WIOD Toyota.
By far the most significant problem facing man today
is the production of...
That's the way.
Yeah, yeah.
He's really on a roll.
How did Waxi do in the afternoon?
I wonder, wow, we don't...
Nobody cares about that.
That's really pushing it.
Now, nobody does.
Nobody cares at all.
Even he don't care.
It's Ricky.
Yeah.
Nobody cares.
Well, he's on tape.
And those tape shows, boy.
They really need to do it.
For example, a weekend's a WIOD.
That's the soft spot.
Okay, here we got a 5-4 overall on this station
where hot is a pistol
and a weekend has got a 3.
Ooh.
Even beaten by W snooze
and INZ on a weekend.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
A 3.
Wow.
Now those tape shows, man.
They really do it for me.
Why don't they come to their senses?
Of course, when you're dealing with 10.53.
Well, you know, what am I talking about?
Come to their senses.
I think they already have overfilled their capacity
with these people.
Anyway, so that's a story.
And of course, if there's anybody else in a business
who's dying to know,
as in we're dying over here,
anybody wants to know.
We got it all.
35 to 64.
We went down a little bit.
Probably as we get closer to 64.
Probably some of those people
speaking to dying a little bit.
Let's see, Zeta,
a 1-2 in 35 to 64 in the morning.
Boy, they are really doing it, aren't they?
God.
A 1-2 in the morning.
Midday, we went from a 7-8 to a 7-5
in 35 to 64 on this show.
That's just, that's okay.
Yeah.
Because we don't really care.
Once they get past 20 with them.
All right, 10.53 WIOD.
We might take some of these calls.
We're going to let them ring today.
We're just going to let them flash
because that's when we have the most fun.
Especially after 11 when the Nick comes in
and when he starts screaming,
they really screws it all up, you know?
Well, we talked four hours of boring
racing the other day.
You know, Nick is just such a sweetheart.
You know, he's such a pleasant guy.
He got such a good disposition.
That's the thing I like about him the best, you know?
And he's so much into the show.
That's the really, always coming in at noon today.
Oh, no wonder I felt so good.
Dave County, hello.
Hello.
What kind of a connection is this?
Are you on a phone or a tin can?
Phone.
Boy, it sounds bad.
Pretty weak.
Speak up.
I speak the nail.
You're speaking to him?
Oh, nail.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
Wow, dude.
Do we interrupt something?
Greenless is the best.
No, my name is George.
How you doing, George?
Hey.
Is this the first time you've ever used a telephone, George?
See the little round holes in that thing?
That's where you speak into, George.
Good.
Say it works.
Do you remember a color in the yesterday name?
Morning.
Name what?
Morning.
Marty?
Morning.
Marlin, yeah.
Marlin was 14 years old and lived in, where was it?
Yeah, I'm a spell.
Surfside, that's right.
What about it?
Oh, is there more to this?
Yeah.
I'm his brother.
Great.
How old are you?
14.
Well, you'd like twins?
No, not twins.
Well, how can you both be 14 and not be twins?
I don't know.
Oh.
Okay, well, look at the dot.
Now, you're staying home from school today, right?
No.
No?
What do you call him from class?
What are you doing today?
Um.
Are these questions too tough for you, George?
No.
I got sick.
Oh, you got sick.
So you're staying home from school today, right?
Yeah.
Because you're sick.
Yeah.
Now, I have a feeling it's not the first time you've been away from school, right?
Because when I ask you these tough questions and give me those real pointed answers,
it kind of tells me a lot.
Now, let's go by again.
Now, your brother's name is what?
Mine.
Marlon.
Marlon?
What is it?
Morning.
George, how do you spell it?
Huh?
You've gone over the line.
George, how old is your brother?
14.
14.
How old are you?
George.
I'm 14 too.
Now, what's your brother?
No, all right, we'll get to the bottom of this.
What's your brother's birthday?
When was he born?
Um, June 8th.
June 8th.
And what were you born?
September 20th.
Ah!
Now, you know, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Maybe there's another answer.
You have the same mother?
Yes.
And the same father?
Yes.
Now, have you thought about calling the Guinness Book of Records?
Yes.
Now, wait a minute.
He was born.
No, no.
Wait a minute.
Maybe I'm missing something.
Oh, in other words, his birthday is coming up in June.
He's going to be 15?
Yeah.
He's going to be 15.
October and November, December, January, February, March.
Oh, yeah.
November, December, January, February, March, April, May, June.
That's nine months, boy.
That's pretty quick.
Neil.
Yeah.
I want to speak to you.
Okay.
Thank God.
Marlon.
Yeah.
What's George's story now?
I don't know.
Is he a little slow?
Yeah, he's a little slow.
Now, what's your story?
Staying home on permanent vacation?
No.
I'm pretending I'm still sick.
Oh, you're pretending you're still sick?
Yeah.
Okay.
Now, I'm really a little bit sick.
All right.
Let me ask you, because I know you're a bright guy.
We talked to you yesterday.
You even know where you live, which is something.
Listen, Marlon.
Listen, be careful.
Your name is Marlon, right?
Yeah.
Because your brother can't say your name.
I know.
Now, why does your brother sound like a little defective?
Is there something?
Huh?
How old are you, Marlon?
I'm 14.
And how old is George?
He's 13.
Oh, he's 13.
But he didn't want to admit it on here, right?
No.
It doesn't want to admit that he's like the Pipsqueak in a family, right?
Tell him he's the Pipsqueak, okay?
Marlon.
Hey, Milly, I just kept...
Milly.
No, Nilly.
I don't think we know each other that well yet, okay?
No.
All right.
Hey, Nilly.
Yeah.
I can't help it.
I keep on calling you.
I want to call you every day, or doing some vacation, too.
Wait a minute.
Reneerie called and he wants you and your brother to call his show.
He said that could put him ahead of life, okay?
So anyway, my big brother just went diving today.
Yeah.
And the keys, and I just want to tell him to wish him...
Well, wait a minute.
Which brother is that?
Alex.
Alex, you know.
Don't want to call the piecebag, yes.
How old is Alex?
He's 27.
Oh, he's 27.
Yeah.
What a family.
Something about this family.
It just doesn't sound kosher.
He's 27 and your brother is 13?
Yeah.
And I'm 14.
And you're 14.
Yeah.
Is that all there is?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, listen, it sounds like you and your brother are doing little scuba diving there for something
together this morning.
Is that what's going on, George?
Alex, whatever your name is.
So you're...
You're...
Who are you?
Oh, Marl and George.
How could I forget?
Well, listen, Marl, have a great...
Are you thinking of going back to school anytime soon?
Yeah, Marl.
Oh, tomorrow.
Yeah.
Oh, and then of course after that, it's a holiday weekend, right?
Yeah.
Good.
I think radio management should be the people that you go into, okay?
Because you've got all the scheduling, all straightened out.
You're already ahead of the game.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Say hi to George Forest, okay?
All right.
Done to get a life.
See you, Marlon.
All right, bye.
Wow.
Good.
Have a call of the century, ladies and gentlemen.
When you least expect it, one call in the hour and that's all that that's all you needed.
You bet.
That wasn't the only call we did in the hour.
Didn't we take one much earlier?
Oh, yeah, we took a couple earlier.
Don't you remember when I was asking my little pull question?
Oh, well, that didn't...
And one guy wanted to do a BS?
Those weren't call.
I don't know what they were.
Well, listen, we're doing a little screenless today.
And of course, that's a little sample of what comes up when you do screenless.
You know, these board ops screen out there really neat callers, okay?
Like George, Marlon and Duschbag.
Speaking of that, Henry Barrow standing by.
Henry's had a little tasting session going on.
So it ought to be a real spicy 11 o'clock news this session here.
And we'll come back at 11.05.
Steve with his ponderous guest, Rabbi Meyer Kahana, at 2 this afternoon.
I know it's hard to believe, but it's true.
..
Aitan from their old school.
Man, you can't trick this guy, you can trick him in other places.
Anthony W. W.I.O.D.
Well, it's too late for me to be wearing that st fruit sod.
Tron books look at this good. How do you like this going back 10 years ladies in
gentlemen. Wow. Here's October, November 1979, the fall book. When I was doing
nights at W.S. News, but 10 to 70. Now what I'm looking at, what a W.I.O.D. have 12
plus and all these they had a four nine. But that was pretty good. That was a
dolphins book, though, wasn't it? Yeah, October, November. That was the ball book.
Four nine. In fact, you could see the yo yo the bouncing ball. Four seven and
out of a three three four five down with two nine and then up to a four nine.
Because every fall, back then there were only two books summer spring and fall.
And the dolphin book when it games were on like on Sunday, let's look up Sunday.
Okay, to see how bogus these numbers used to be because the dolphins got that
gigantic humongous audience. Okay. Here we go. Sunday Sunday, 10 to three. Because
of course we start the dolphin games at 10 in the morning. Look at that W.I.O.D.
a seven three and Sunday three to seven. It's got to be yeah. 17. 17.
17 three share during dolphin football. Okay. Yeah. So that kind of like distorts that
fall, but well back in those days, remember the games would be blacked out and the only
way to hear them was 17 three on Sunday afternoon drive at W.I.O.D. and it's for the
dolphins. That's when Henry was still on the games. That's why they had such big
numbers. That's all right, Henry. That's why he turned the bottle after they said,
Hey, Henry, we don't want you on the sidelines anymore. You're just too old. And he said,
who the hell are you talking about? Look at weaver. Anyway, that's a little joke.
Rick, it's a little joke. That's a little joke. Believe you said. Why? Oh, Rick's got a great
sense of humor. He just doesn't know how to show it. This is fun. You know what? Hello.
Hello. What do you think of this so far, sir? Well, so far I got to say it's a little
bit ponderous. If there's one thing I'm concerned about, what's that? Okay. The new sports
voice out of curiosity. By the way, I like the new part of our format on the 11 o'clock
news every morning. I wish Henry were still in the room there where he says, and Twonette,
are you there? Are you there? Annemarie Alspighetti, whatever her name is. And she's like,
way, either not there at all or way off in the back row with that traffic report. I love
that. I know. And then there's always a lot of accidents in Dave County, a lot of cars
on the road. Well, when you get on the, oh, this morning, I'm coming through the golden
glades and there was an accident off to the side of the road. Everything was off the
side. And these rubber neckers, man, it's been like an extra 10 minutes because these
morons out there all sitting gawking and looking and credible. And there wasn't even any
blutter guts or anything, you know? When I talk to the side of the road, it creates
more of a problem than when it's right there in the road. Here's the spring 79 book. Look
at that W. I. Z. In the morning had a 10 four with the all news, 10 four. Anyway, the
new sports voice Q. A. M. How did they stack up again? Oh, now you want me to get to the
current ratings. Oh, brother, for what? Like 12 plus, you mean a whole, what do you want?
You got to just the more prevalent numbers. Well, they don't have any prevalent numbers.
Okay, they have malevolent numbers W Q. A. M. And I'm looking from the back forward.
That's the easiest way to do it with them. Yeah, they had a one. They went from a point
eight up to a one. This is with broadcasting sports all night. And they just, well, let's
see what they did at night. Let's be fair to them. Okay, let's give them a fighting chance.
Let's look at seven of midnight for W Q. A. M. If we can follow starting again at the
back page, the one that Zeta is always on with radio. Swave and that crowd. There's Zeta
with a one two at night, but one two. Wow, the hundred thousand walk class.
The FM. I'm still looking for Q. A. M. Here's radio. Swave. Here's R and W R. M. W M.
Q. A. M. A two three at night up from a one eight and W. I. D. had a four one. Well,
can anything more be said? That says it all, I guess. But Dick Foddell, he's going to turn
it around. You know why, sir? Why? He's an ozone provocateur. Okay. See you.
Can pass to 11 at W I. D. Here's a spy report on the facts machine this morning as Zeta
spy report. It says far be it from us to spread rumors. But whatever we walk past an unfinished
puzzle, we'd like to try to fit the pieces together with the sale of recent Waxi. I should
say with a recent sale. Shouldn't I mean the grammar on this is pretty down with the
recent sale of Waxi to the billboard company. It seems more unlikely that Mrs. Boone's
favorite grandson will come aboard for mornings as was widely speculated. This mumbling
Michigander has worked with Robert W Walker before just as R. W. W. Would I mean? You know,
either that or it's Rick somebody and has a history as a way of repeating itself. So it's
in other words, maybe Sonny will be doing mornings on the new pirate radio over at 94.9.
In the meantime, we've heard that Ron Hersey departed the Boone's and his joint former
W. W. 100 PD Rick Stacy on a morning show of power 99 in Atlanta. But nothing is forever.
Love and kisses from our Zeta spy. Whoever that is boy, we got some heavy duty stuff.
Today we got food coming from my wings plus Monday, which we're going to be here on a holiday.
Would you believe that our good friends over at Royal Castle, Mr Arnold is going to be
kind enough on because they're open every day 365 days a year. No, coming on Monday.
There's little cheeseburgers. So I got an idea, even though it's going to be a holiday,
maybe like all the interns could come in on Monday. And we have a little party and Rob
Low could come. It's 11 past 11 at W I O day wouldn't it be something of a turnout
that Sally Jesse was in that room? Huh? I'd love that. Yeah. I think that would make
more sense to me. Anyway, char hut. I want to. 11 16 at W I D. We're looking back at the,
I know this doesn't mean anything unless you're in the business, but that's half our audience.
Anyway, can you imagine if the people in the business could get diaries about an 80 share?
Anyway, here's the this is the spring 80 rating book W I O D and it shows the last five numbers.
There was a three four. This is for the whole station before that in the fall.
49 before that a two nine four five and a three three. So it was like the spring book would be
a disaster. And then the dolphin will go up in the four is the highest number I see is four nine.
And the latest trend here, we got a five four. So that may be a record breaker for the modern era
of W I O D. In fact, the highest number I see in mid day. Well, see, Reneerie was on even then.
He's got a six one and one of these in a five nine. He just he just shocking. I don't understand. He
doesn't understand. He knew. But mid day three seven was the highest number. We got a seven five now.
And then the afternoon, the highest number was a three three out of these five books. And Steve is
doing a four six. So we may be breaking all kinds of records here. And of course, they don't want to
tell us about that because then that we want some money. You know, October, November of 1980.
Okay. Boy October, November of 80. Isn't this exciting to me? He's talking to these morons out there.
This is history. Now, what was the name of K 102? We don't know what the call letters were, which is
remember K one magic. What were the call letters of that station? I'm looking down the list W C K O. That
was it. Yeah, they had a one five. Yeah, always. Wow. And look at this. Oh boy, the fall book, the
dolphin book of October, November 80. I would do it from a three four only to a three six.
They must have been really plots in here then. And I have one book in here that says on the top of it,
it's written, Vian. Bill Vian's the former GM one of many, many who is flown through these halls
and doorways at W I O D at the out of dreams. So I got a whole pile of stuff here, boy. It's nice
coming in early in the morning and having piles, isn't it? Boy, that's what they say at W O L D.
Yeah, all our listeners have piles over there. Anyway, it's 1118 at W I D. We're doing
scrimless and we're going to start taking some calls. So this is a jazz that we got a couple lines
not flashing now is totally there. We go. Broward and Palm Beach is not flashing. It's totally
unacceptable, right? Well, Palm Beach, you can't count that. Now, come on. Okay, those of you
like in San Francisco, yeah, and in New Mexico, people out of town. Good time to call in because we're
doing scrimless and the Palm Beach line is open. Dave County, hello. Yeah, Neil Rogers speaking.
Oh, hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay. What happened? You didn't let mention why 100 ratings?
Yes, I did. I said they went way up. Oh, you did? Yeah, they got a four, five and 12 plus.
They went up from a three. They went up about seven to eight or nine,
tenths of a point all across the board. They had a great trend. Yeah. And they just fired the PD
a couple of weeks ago. He's gone. That was a shame, wasn't it? Well, what can I tell you?
What goes around? All right, I can tell you ignore my boys over there. Not at all. Okay, they're killing
them. Okay, they're killing us too. Okay, not literally, but, you know, if you've heard that show,
they're killing me. Now, I don't know. I don't know that much about why 100. I'm just about grown it.
Yeah, I mean, kid like hot 105. I don't listen. They're doing great, but I don't listen to me.
Never. I listen more like to the mellow rock sounds of I-61. Like Spike Wise does.
It's a. I can't wait till we go past them in 18 to 34. He is going to be so pissed. You won't be
able to speak to him again. He'll probably even take the CD back. You know, the ETR and CRT. Now,
was he there at the computer yesterday when they know he wasn't? Don't you understand there was
nobody from management there must be the world these big meetings in powwow. Don't you understand?
I thought it was the boy. They're having like a another busman's holiday this week. They got
another big all the corporate head hot shows. And of course, we're lucky enough. We got the corporate
sales consultant radical is in the building. I don't want to mention Chris Beck's name because I
start breaking out in high. How can there be such a thing? And when I see him in the hall, I just go,
oh, God, can this really be happening again? Sales consultant for the whole chain. What is that?
If you think that is that? Oh, God. And he looks at me and I look back at him and I think, man,
oh, man, oh, man, I told Jerry Lawrence, whatever you do, Gary, don't buy a house.
20 past 11, let's go to date county. Hello. Hey, male. Yeah. I got a spy report for you. Okay,
lay it on his pal. All right. In the Miami review, have you heard about it? No. The Miami review,
there's an article about Jeff Gondze. No. Filing for bankruptcy. Get out of here. I am not kidding you. Huh?
What? I don't have what he's making reasonable money over there. I'm not a balance. No, the article said
the two suspended like five grand a year. I'll close. Is that radio? That's honestly. Well, when was
he wearing him? He never wore him while we were over there. I don't know. He used to wear these
tacky Hawaiian shirts like I used to. I don't know. That's what that guy's on his truth. Okay. Well,
we'll check it out. We'll get our Zeta spy right on top of that. Okay. Okay. I don't believe it.
21 past 11 at W. I don't believe it. Joke. Frank. Okay. Frank. Can't possibly be Jeff Gondze. It must be
a different Jeff Gondze must be sure. Yeah. Has to be. Where's the food, by the way? Wings Plus is
coming today and boy, they got that good stuff. I may even have some wings, you know? Really? Yeah.
Well, you know, when you're Jewish, you kind of try to stay away from chicken for a little part of
your life because you've been forced back in chicken for years. I mean, there's so much. That's
whole, the whole part of being Jewish is eating. In fact, even Grivenus is like with chicken fat and
lard and the chicken dripping, which here, all of course, keeps promising that she's going to make
Grivenus, but she never does it. She wants me to go up to this certain market in sunrise to get the
lard or whatever the hell it is. The whole chicken fat. Oh, the chicken fat. No, you know, seriously,
it's chicken fat. You put onions in it and whatever else. And it's like fried mung is what it is.
And it's very bad for you. And my mother, who's a great cook, she another great dinner last night,
but she refuses to make Grivenus. She doesn't hear this. Okay, she just pretends that she never hears me say
this because she wouldn't want to feed me that, but it, they're so, it's tasty. It's like almost like
Jewish onion rings. Hmm. You know what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. Okay, what a good time to go into
neutral system right now. Well, it happens to be the time. We have lots of people in the building,
even rich with some of his indiscretions here inside the studio. And the other day when he was
eating that double chocolate fudge for a little cleansing of the palate in between courses,
rich is still up there at about 60 pounds off. And almost everybody in the building who's tried
neutral system is one thing I've noticed is nobody has gained the weight back. Have you noticed
that? Because we've been here almost seven months now. And nobody, well, Rodgers, tried to know,
nobody has gained the weight back. Maybe a couple of them, but not the, but not the crazy. Because
neutral system really gets you into a whole different mindset. You just don't pick out constantly
day in and day out. And you're a lot more satisfied with much smaller portions. Okay? So get yourself
involved in neutral system right away because the sooner you start, the sooner you're going to shed
those ugly debilitating disgusting pounds of fat. And then once you get to your weight gold,
I'll put you on that outstanding neutral system maintenance program. Call them today for your
no obligation, computerized weight loss consultation at their toll free number. Where am I gripping a
and one eight hundred three four four thin that's neutral system at one eight hundred three four four
eighty four forty six. When you call, by the way, ask if gribbiness are on the menu this month.
In celebration of this year's national census, six 10 W I O D presents another talk show host
senseless little known talk show host facts you probably never knew or probably will never use.
When it comes to favorite junk foods, our talk show hosts are Richard Simmons' worst nightmare come
true. While Steve Kane can't eat just one potato chip, my greenery keeps artificially preserved
on twinkies and Neil Rogers enjoys a little pizza on the side. Truth that you are what you eat.
It takes all kinds to make the greatest talk show lineup in self-loader radio history.
Greenery, Rogers, Cain, only a new talk radio six then W I O D.
Can you give me that Jimmy? You mean the 89 S 15 Jimmy from CN GMC that comes with
five hundred dollars cash back? Yeah. You mean the Jimmy that comes loaded with options that
Jimmy with a powerful four point three liter board tech B6 engine automatic transmission air
and AMFM stereo? Yeah, can you give me that Jimmy? The 89 Jimmy that comes with power steering
cruise control tin at glass, reclining seats and more all at CN GMC. Can you give me that Jimmy?
No, we're all out. What? Just kidding CN GMC has plenty of 89 Jimmy loaded plus five hundred
dollars cash back. Can you steal Jimmy? That Jimmy you bet your four wheels drive just get to
CN GMC US one and pop it all fast to make your best deal on an 89 Jimmy. Just remember the big three
CMC truck dealer. CN, Sirwood and King's DMC. Thank you kindly. For cash back you must take
retail delivery at a dealer stock by June 5th 1989. See your dealer for details.
You get all steamed up when the Dow is down. Does your blood pressure go through the roof?
When your stocks are having in the opposite direction, is that any way to live?
Ah, not when you have a high yield low anxiety alternative like Jimmy Mays from Covr and
Don Jimmy's pay ten and three quarters per cent today and they're backed by the full faith
and provided up a good old USA. You get a principal in interest check every month.
Guaranteed by the unparalleled credit of Uncle Sam. For high yields without high anxiety.
Covr and Don now at 444-6601. 444-6601. Covr and Don. The low anxiety investment firm.
Remember NASD and SIPC. You based on accelerated principal payments from a Jimmy May
or just a presently available discount. Principal value and maturity may vary.
If you would have told me that sooner we wouldn't have talked about ratings today.
26 past 11 at WIOD. Look at this. WNWS. This is the what is it fall of 1979, boy? This was the
beginning of those for the days. WNWS. 18 plus adults and 11 six. However, 25 to 54,
what did I have for two? Well, I wasn't too bad for two nights. Yeah. But 35 to 64 was in 11 four.
And if they would have had 65 plus would have been such a big number, they wouldn't have had
room for it. What is that Sharon? Sharon just came in with a little box. Who I shouldn't have said
that. From Valente's. Oh, not Valente's. Oh my God. Wow. Roger, when you see this,
you're going to just get spastic. Do we have some forks? Where's Cheryl? She had to say one for her.
No, we don't say. Tell her to get her ass in here now. Okay, we don't say because,
unfortunately, when the rest of the food comes in, you know what happens. Okay. Plus, Todd's coming
in today. Well, I don't know, but it was messy. It's delicious to eat it with your fingers. That's
disgusting. This is from Valente's Italian specialties on 35th Avenue in Miami. Italian rum cake.
Thank you, Charlie. Italian rum cake and there's, um, Tortoni and Spamoni and a partridge and
an pear tree. They supply what? Pizza loft. Oh, these. Oh, this is what this is. These are the
guys who supply these great Italian desserts to pizza loft. Now we understand. Thank you, Charlie.
These look incredible. Wow. Wouldn't that be nice to have a little dessert to cleanse our palette
before when your plus comes? Well, I'm old school, you know, I eat dessert. No, no, I see you can
turn it around because you have to cleanse your palette. My palette's clean. Some of those calls
we had, though. Didn't that leave a bad taste in your mouth? Well, that's a good point.
Can't argue with that. What's happening with, oh, here we go. Look at Sharon, boy, she is so domestic
and so right on top of things. She's only doing this because I promise you could give a little
squeeze to Todd when he comes in and Ross tomorrow. That Dorothy, man, I'll tell you, Dorothy is
incredible. So anyway, do you want something, Sharon? Are you going to have a little bit of this?
Because Roger just came flying in here. I think I'm going to have some of this these are
spamones. I'm going to have a spamoney. I don't know what those are, but please, what do you have?
I don't I haven't even looked at them. Okay, we have a little dessert here. You guys break up
the desserts. Now, it's Todd here yet in the newsroom. What time does he come in? Does anybody know?
We got to start keeping closer tabs on him. 1129 at WIOD, we got Wayne's Plus coming with lunch,
and we have a little dessert from Valente's. What? Well, he'll save it for later.
Yeah, you can't let it sit there. Ferventies are all refrigerated, a little bit frozen,
so they didn't melt. So I think you can probably just just pick at it. Okay, no, don't smell it.
It smells great. I don't know about people that smell everything before they touch it.
Well, it all depends on him. Yeah, thank you. Thank you.
I wonder if Rob Lewis smells everything before he eats it. You think so? I wondered the same thing.
It's 1130 at WIOD. We got a call in Dade County. Hello.
Good one, Neil. Good morning. Hi, Bert. How you doing, pal? Well, I heard that comment.
That just came in time for dessert. Wonderful. I heard that comment. You made this morning
about Mr. Food and the Buffalo Wings. You must have missed the Monday night because he did a
little shopping and a bit on Lorenzo's delicatessen up on 136, 133, and this thing. Yeah,
that used to be a sponsor, might as a good point. Yeah, good food. I mean, but it's a great
deli, but the channel line is getting pondressed now because of its sort of old. I thought that
last night's show was absolutely, I don't know where he's come from, maybe on a shave or something.
Yeah, he looks pretty, he looks bad. He looks pretty schmutzzy to me. Well, I just finished having
some chicken wings myself right now, but I don't have any that Italian dessert. I thought maybe I'd drop
over. Okay. Goodbye. Good luck to pal. It's 1130. In fact, it sounded like he dropped over right at
the end of the day. I can hear the thud when he hit the floor. But this pommoni is great. Now,
how you doing? What is that? I don't know, but it's great. I have no idea what it's got. It's like a
nut round ice cream ball with nuts. It's real good. I never heard anything quite like it. Don't let
our management see that. They'd start crying. 1131 at W.I. Do you have to think on that for a
little bit? Anyway, we've got all these old rating books here. Boy, this is great. And even some of
these, oh, these go back to the late 70s and early 80s. So these were like before Steve was even in
a market. Okay. That's right. We can't look up any of his old bad numbers. Broward. Hello.
Well, I was going to come down there today for the big rating. Hey, it's a superstar, ladies and
gentlemen. I was afraid of wearing the same shirt. Yeah, why don't you go out and buy a new one?
In fact, maybe you could borrow one of Gonsers, okay? There is no truth to the Robert W. Walker room.
I just got off the phone with Nicole. Really? With who? Nicky. That's his wife. Yeah. Oh.
There's no truth to that. Why don't somebody tell some rumors that there is some truth, too? Okay.
It would be a great comparison. Yeah. I didn't think that was true. Rob's and busy. Rob,
low, Rob Walker, Robert W. Low. Yeah. You know, when I was there for Gwendoff birthday party, I
gained four pounds. That was that's quite a shock. Yeah. If I wanted to sew those two new shirts together.
Now come on. Come on. I'm only going to pump it like, um, could stop China. I'm there maybe a
max of one one time a month. And it's all it takes. I don't remember what I wear from one month
over the next. You wear the same shirt every day this man. Okay. It's amazing. You wear the same
shirt every time. What did WSHE have back in 1979, 1980? Well, why don't you ask? Okay. Because I'll
open up the book. He's right in front of me, John. This is Johnny Dark, by the way, for those who don't
care. WSHE. Wow. 12 plus they had a 22 22 22. Yeah. They didn't the men 18 plus they had a 39.
We got to get into some of these more narrow demographics, I guess. For example,
this is going to take too long. Okay. No, I thought they had gigantic numbers. No, I don't think
that's about 85, 86 and then they started declining rapidly. Oh, well, that was. Yeah, this is too early.
No, that was under or she hit their glory. Oh, just before all the people who listened to them got
the good drugs. What did you do, midday? I didn't get to I heard everybody else's number right in
your ears. Now, seven, five up from a seven, three in the book. Terrific. Just a minor increase,
but we'll take it. And what did Joy do overall? Joy. Boy, you are so boring, Johnny. I want to
show you a great TV ads paid off for them. Well, let's see what we got here. Okay. If they put
the boom boom on Joy, I bet they do it. Well, we're looking 12 plus joy. They went from a 27 to a
two eight. So obviously that campaign paid off big dividends. Okay. Robert Eric is really whatever
is name nobody cares about joy. Don't you understand why would you even ask that question? Joy
107. Boy, that's such a vanilla station. It's like tapioca pudding. Like they play Robert Goulet
and Chris Cross back to back. Why does find it interesting in a town that's big that there'd be
somebody doing satellite programming? That's all. Now, I can see it's really paying off just like
what you call it. Russ Oasis in that abortion he's got there. Speaking of that, what did they do?
Well, let's look at that. Let's see if that big satellite is really paying off for it. They're not
on a second page. They're at the bottom of the third page. You went from a one eight down to a
one six and 12 plus. Okay. And dropping like a rock. That's working for them too. Yeah.
It's working big dividends. They're really doing a great number with that facility. God.
But I was it. I just wanted to find out what was happening. Well, that's good. We always
like hearing us down your voice being super and have a swell day. Hey, she. It's 11.3.
Very high at W I O D. Well, I'm telling you this. This is what life's all about. You know what?
Oh, now what are we going to do with the rest of those desserts? They're going to melt. Did Nick have one?
No, he's acting hard to get today. He's playing them a little hard to get. Maybe the newsroom's
going to have to come in and have a little dessert. Now, did Cheryl come in and get one? No.
Cheryl, it's never now or never. Don't say save you one because they're going to melt.
So either get your little very invisible high and you up this end of the building and have one
of these or they're going to be long gone. Okay. In fact, if she has one of these little
sweets now, she have a nice little sweet disposition when all the big shots get back afternoon.
Although their meetings are ready to get new. That means there'll be on a three hour lunch now to
kind of like digest all the. Yeah. Yeah. All the big confabs and powwows they had on their AOR meetings.
Yeah. I mean, when they don't even play Royal Orbs and they certainly wouldn't play the Deon
cut because it's too good. What does that tell you? He won't listen to anybody. That's
like he's like Adam. Another one of those music mavens kind of like Rose Bulger. Bullheaded.
Rose Bulger. That's good. I like. Hey, listen, speaking of great chicken wings, we have that food
coming almost there. She is. We had a prod her a little bit. But finally, she crushed up the
hall and reluctant. The Buffalo style chicken wings in wings plus are the best in the world. Okay. I
don't care what anybody else any faker tries to tell you. They are so good that they're just
orgasmic or try their cat skill mountain style garlic wings. You don't even have to be Jewish to
enjoy those. Okay. That's how good they are straight from the cat skills. Wow. And then of course,
with every order comes the celery and blue cheese. Which I do got to be kidding me. Your memories
getting bad. Well, I'm back. I'm back. I'm saved up. Don't you remember when Rose several times
came in and threw a fit while we're on the year? Oh, sure. Which is unheard of. Yeah. Came in the
studio with that look and stopped in there and gave us three looks and what running on the most
bushly crap I've ever seen in my life. Right in the middle of the show. Yeah, he apologized one
time, I remember what a jerk freaked out. Anyway, it's 1139 21 till noon, but we want to congratulate
the morning crew over there. The Colonel's army boy, God defend us. If they're the ones protect
the heart. Right. God with a one five in the latest trend down from a one seven. Just when we think
they've hit rock bottom, they're new lows in the history of this market. If they if I think Joey
and one trend had a one three, I could be raw one four seems like now. There's still there when
the next trend comes out. Well, the next trend will be there's anyway because it's already
over with. Yeah, you know what I mean? Yeah. In other words, it ends. What's it ends today? Does it?
Yeah. So when the next trend comes out next month, even if they're not still on the year,
it'll be their number. Good. So let's see if they can break that one five. Okay. Well, now they've
already in this book of record. They've already broken Jean Cashman's record of one seven. Oh,
low ratings. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Cashman. Now does that tell you anything? Let me see one of those
other things over there. Were there because the people of it only are not going to come in here and
eat the rest of these and that would be wrong to let these melt. What are what are these? They look
up seen to me, but let's see. Oh, my God. These are like tortoni. See, I don't know about a
child. I get the other one's spamoni, just the ice cream. And these are tortoni. Yeah. They're
like three kinds of Italian ice cream with a layer of chocolate on the outside and a little tiny
bit of whipped cream and a cherry on top. Okay. I'm going to have at least one of those. Anyway,
it's 20 till noon at WIO. Do you call her in Boko? Hello. Okay. Thanks so much for holding on.
You jackass. Oh, Howard. Hello. Hey, Daniel. You look sick at your last remote. Yeah. You know what?
I'm looking at you right now and you look sick all the time, pal. So what's your story?
Did county. Hello. Hello. What good? No, I'm just working. One more in date and that's it. Hello.
Good morning. Yeah. Gordon Stevens. Gordon. How are you? I'm just fine in yourself. What is this
shocking first Johnny Darken and Gordon Stevens? What are you doing, Gordon? Well, it's nice to be
remembered. I tried to get through yesterday when you were reminiscing a bit about the Yankee Clipper hotel.
Yeah. You're good old days. Well, that's when we actually had tourists in for Lauderdale. Remember that,
Gordon? All that beach is to be mod in the springtime. Yeah. Lot of good shots out the window. Yeah.
So that's good. Yeah. Also, a lot of good shots at that bar with the swimming pool too, right?
Yeah, especially tonight that some Italian film company was doing a movie.
And we set up some cameras downstairs and filmed the guys doing the movie. Really?
And she had a girl in the movie weren't wearing a whole lot of that recall. I don't know whatever
she came to that movie. I don't think it ever saw the light of day in this country. Boy, this is
almost as shocking as the Rob Loastery. So what are you doing these days, Gordon? Trying to get
a life. Are you? Yeah. Well, there are a lot of people like that in this business. Just trying to
get a freelance thing going since TV stations around here no longer interested, I guess. Well,
don't say no longer. You never know. You know, this time, never say never. That's true.
Instead, you got to mention in the new times this morning. Really? Yeah. I read it to you. Oh,
yeah. That little thing about seven seconds. They really got a sense of humor over there. Don't
think, well, you must have a busy life if you're reading new times, Gordon. Well, it's real busy.
And I also want to thank you for that recommendation. You're Frankie. Oh, yeah. I bought that the
other night. And of course, I can't take it out in the car with me during the day because then I
might want to play that and read it and listen to you. Yeah, we don't want anybody doing that.
The hamburg better not be doing that. Now, he's got good taste, I guess, huh? Oh, absolutely.
All you guys from Channel 4 have good taste. I'm not from Channel 4. Well, I mean, you used to be
from Channel 4. If I used to be from Channel 10. That's right. You really want to go back? Yeah.
See, we've been following your career for a long time. Channel 4 before that. For two lifetimes. That's
right. Well, listen, take good care. I wish you all the luck in the world and give us a call
again sometime, Gordon. Or I wouldn't want to be a chronic. Don't have no fear. Take care. You too.
Bye, Gordon. Steve, what a nice guy. I mean, yes, I met him one time years ago. Very nice man.
Very nice man. That's what he worked at for. The nice people work at four. Have you noticed?
Some nice people work at seven, but not too many. Few. There's still a bunch of snooty douchebags over
next to them. You notice in the parking lot they don't look at you. They like walk around with
their head up in the air and their finger up there or whatever. We're TV. Yeah. We're TV people over
here at the big seven. And of course, I've watched and you could fool me. Now, they really are doing
better now that they lost the peacock. I must confess I think they're doing better. They are.
I don't know if they're making any money. They're doing good. I look good. I hope so. They sure look
good. But that's Sally. So it gives me fits. I know that. But the nice people most of them work at
Channel 4. You know, I didn't say that just because Gordon called because you don't work there anymore.
No, but it's true. And Rosemary is a great guy. He don't work there anymore either. He's in Palm Beach.
That's right. On 25. Has anybody seen that station? I don't get it. I don't need there. I don't get it.
I thought they always say about Palm Beach. I don't get it. Even when I work there, I said I don't get it.
I JNO, which is of course the really important station in the market. Wonder how he followers doing.
Wonder how he did in the Palm Beach trend if we're still kicking everybody's ass up there in midday.
And we'll never hear from him about never heard from Lee.
Lee is conspicuous by his absence, isn't he? Didn't he?
With that paranoid John Picano up there, JNO.
1144, W-I-O-D. Should we try Boka again?
No, yeah, Boka. No?
I got to. Wait a minute. Is this a bad time for you, sir?
I was on the ozone, the ozone provocateur level here. Yeah, it sounds like it.
I have a theta spy report. All right, lay it on a sir.
The other day I was listening and I kind of let Zeppelin song, and I remember what it was.
But during the instrumental part of the song, all of a sudden they started hearing,
and I thought I was dreaming, but it was true. I started.
I thought Budell showed us morning, let Zeppelin, a whole lot of gloves.
No, I wasn't that hot. Here's a joke, sir.
I got it. I got it. And all of a sudden the Casey Kasim bit started playing
for a post on the on the Lec Tupel and the instrumental part.
So I thought it was very bizarre. I don't know if they're doing it.
They've been doing that now for a couple of weeks. They're trying to slowly but surely steal a few of our bits, you know.
I think you should see them. Okay. Bye.
See you.
Boy, this is great.
Hmm. You should have the other one. No.
No. Well, then you won't be able to eat when you're satisfied.
Exactly. But now you close that up. I'm telling you they're going to melt.
What would you like me to do with? Well, I can't eat another one.
Well, I'll take them over to the newsroom now.
Now, don't take them over to the newsroom. If they can't walk the distance from the newsroom
into here, you don't have to be delivery boy. Okay. It's bad enough we have to feed them.
All right. Okay. But they'll melt. Are you just looking for an excuse to go over and squeeze on April?
I'm not dummy. But
whatever. That's great. It is bad radio though. But I don't talk about it on the air.
You got a 75 share midday on this God forsaken. What used to be a God forsaken radio station
with a jury entry audience used to him. And we had memos. It's bad radio.
Boy, I wonder what kind of bus for Louisville.
There are a lot of these books that are the same. Really? I like those vines books.
Yeah, the ones that I've built vines names on them. I get excited about that too.
I once had lunch with Bill Vines. He offered me a job. Huh. And he said,
oh, seriously, he said, wouldn't you like to be liked by everybody? Like Sandy and Bill?
He did. And I said, no. I said, you nuts, Bill. Bill Smith. God almighty.
Would you say, look rather than everybody love you. And I said, no, I don't want to be boring. Okay.
And then no, seriously, he was going to hire me back then. Thank God it didn't happen.
But then he got transferred to St. Louis. He got dumped out of the market.
And so 1147 at W I O D 1150 at W I O D. I like that new part of the 11 o'clock news Henry,
where we say, what is your name? Annamarie, are you there? Are you there? I love that. See,
we plan that out. A lot of you think that's by accident. Anyway, let's see. This is,
what is this? This is book is October of November of 1980. Is this the same one I looked at before?
I'm losing track at this point. I'm looking for afternoon drive. Well, they only had a 13 share.
So that must be Henry, I think, missed two games right here. He was in intensive care. I had a
bad knee dropped a bottle on his knee. Anyway, it's 1151, nine minutes till known at W I O D. And the
notice the newsroom just came even Steve Stancell from over a GTR. How about that? He's wondering
in momentarily. Now Steve, we'd love to feed you, but the food from Wayne's Plus will be here momentarily.
This was just a little dessert, a little appetizer. It cleans our palate. Are you okay, Henry? Exactly.
Now, now, last week on his birthday, we cleansed our palate with double-budget cheesecake in between
courses. That was good. It was nice. And it worked very well. He's sharing, gave me this. And by the way,
yeah, interesting. How Henry just kind of wandered in here and started hawking a china. He's
a sales fantastic. What's going on here lately? You know, pretty soon some of the people from
the sales department will start wandering in. No, we can really examine their IQ on the air
in a very brief period of time. I like the books that say Bill Vines on the top. Vines. So that's
exciting. It's like a little chapter of history. Isn't it like a little showbiz history that I
have sitting in front of me here. This pile, if I can say that. Well, good luck. 1152 at W I O D. And
of course, now that we have the new team here, now we really got some surrush. You know what I'm saying?
Anyway, let's take a call from Dave County. Hello. Just one of your favorite can't get any worse, Henry. Yes, sir.
How are you today? Great. Listen, I got a spire report for you. Okay. Veda. Oh, yeah.
And the smoke. Yeah, you got it. You got it. Yeah. They were doing that today.
Doing what? That by the way, Nielis. Wait a minute. They were doing what? That noisy yet. No.
No, they weren't. Are you serious? I'm positive. What? Yeah, but it could have been real. They may have seen the trend. You know what I'm saying? That's probably yet. You know.
Listen. One of the names by the way. Is that the major in the captain or? Yeah, the captain and Shlamil. It's captain and Shlamil. Okay. Well, I just wanted to bring that across your way. And Niel and
have a good day. Okay. Have a great life, sir.
Must 1153. I find that very difficult to believe it would rip off any of our stuff because I think we invented it.
So there was just a little like that. Half a one there. Bokeh. Hello. Niel. Yeah. Hey, how you doing? Great.
Question for you. Let's get the bird a little early. Why didn't you get a job and quit hanging on your
co-tail? Exactly. In fact, April came in here just a minute ago with the rest of the news team and Steve Stancellall trying to get rid of the
rest of the desserts for us as a public service. And she looked at him and she said, what is his problem?
She's got a wonder. Isn't her boyfriend getting pissed? Who's that, April? Yeah. Why April's got a boyfriend? You didn't know? No, you're confused with Laura. Laura.
No, no, April. I saw her last week. She's got a boyfriend. He's pretty big. He works at the same gym we go to. Really? You better tell the bird. You better see him as Niel.
Have a good day, Niel. Okay, one of your fans. All big fans. Sir, you're going to have to dump me if I say what I want to say to you. Don't do it. I know. Don't do it.
I should have done it while he was on the phone. Just try this remain calm. Okay. Well, why does he mind his own business? His own god damn business. Exactly. Thank you for putting it even clearer. Okay.
Broward, hello. Niel. Yeah. Someone should tell the Colonel that Elvis has left the building.
Has a. Yep. What does that mean? He's left the building. I wasn't know what Stan used to say all of the time. He's left the building. Well, you know, it's easy to forget Stan.
Is that it? That's it. Okay. Good call, pal. Dave County. Hello. Yeah. Have a nice day. Dave County. Hello.
Niel. Yeah. This is your favorite Zeta spy reporter. Okay, boy, we're really Zeta and 10 to know that he finally reached that one five level in the morning and people are going nuts. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Made a phone call to my friend. The guns is gone. What? Get out of here. He said it was true. I think management's bugging their phones over there because he said I asked him. He said, yes, it's true. And hung up. Huh? I don't know. What do you mean? Is he on here now?
Huh? Well, he's on right now about him filing. He said that was true. What about him filing bankruptcy? Yeah. I don't believe it. I don't know. I don't know. He said, he said, yes, troops. Any hung up on me? Yeah, that's true. Any hung up? We never had guns or rumors. No, because he didn't have enough people to know who he is. That rumors about him. Well, we'll check it out here. We'll check with our impeccable sources. Yeah. Niel, we have one more thing to say to you. I'll bet you do. But we have 11.
156 at WIOD. He sounded very familiar. Then he's terminally boring. Sounded a chronic to me. Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. I like talking to me. You're speaking to him right now. Yeah. How are you doing? Aren't you lucky? All right. I feel good now. Well, do you? Are you doing fire? Just wait till the show's over, pal. Oh, well, you never know. I got a good data. Fire. What? Every call? Every call? It's getting ponderous. Every call? Well, when I'm here, you're going to be fired. All right. You're definitely going to call me an O's.
I'm going to be a good one for a walker tour. This is Dan, the phone man. Oh, no. We don't tap anybody's line. Yeah. But I accidentally. Dan. I clipped on the car. He was calling home. You want to hear what he had to say? Sure. Whatever you got. Okay. Got here. It comes. Oh, man. The tapes must stop. What happened, Dan?
He's an O's on the pack of our tours. Like I said, 150 11. Oh, that would have been nice. 157. Wow. That would have been great. But then we would have missed the great lunch. It's coming from wings plus. Okay. But 57. A W I O D Palm Beach is not flashing. We're doing screen lows today. Okay. So when I punch it up, you don't have to say want to talk to me and I go through a big simous, okay? I like ones that don't believe it. When you say you're speaking, yeah. I'm, I'm, I don't want to be able to go so long. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I know. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm. I'm, I'm ready. I'm, I'm ready to go. Yeah. Oh, I'm, I'm ready to go. So I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I
yeah
will put them on hold and let him talk to uh... whoever picks up the phone somewhere in
the building certainly not in the control room
let the salespeople pick it up okay that'll be quite an experience for that
will teach them did county hello
uh... yeah
hey i got a uh...
there a king's part for a lot of spies in a lot of reports on the show today
issue of our news week no
it's got a quote in it by dot com during interview with larry king
and what he's saying
is uh... you don't mind if i said that you're brisk smells really bad
well now who said that
uh... don't come to that
donald trump said that to larry to the broadcaster of the year
wow
that breathes the year
okay in fact rogers is uh...
he saw it's his in way of intimidating
king is that it that was his way of it was his way of being honest to i
okay thanks a lot
uh... by the way i'm eating right now it's a bad telephone it's back
uh...
uh... isn't that something your breath stinks
now king was a broadcaster the year
dick fatherly was also
protested
broadcast personality here and six years ago
eighteen eighty three eighteen eighty
american
maybe wanted to don a cashima check you know that's possible
ha ha
maybe wanted dot it came to the track in the by-event twenty or thirty thousand
dollars worth a ticket something like that
well he shouldn't mind that anybody that buys a hundred thousand dollars
worth a lot of the tickets in fidel vania
try to undermine those poor working people working those steel mines and coal
mines and
all the food is coming through the door what great timing okay
so far news to par well i shouldn't invite them in the let's get first
please this time okay is yesterday was sitting here with an empty plate
yeah please let's
seriously i'm sitting here yesterday for like ten minutes with an empty plate
and he savages these these great robbers out there that they're like going
nuts true so give us a couple of minutes to uh... delved through it and see what
the good stuff is that after the news will let them come in here single file
please with their trays and napkins and four and they will let them in on it
okay but i'm sure i can come in at any time
april war them standing by april's kind of surly today she's got the new and w i
o d news will be back at twelve oh five and steve i know it's hard to believe
another rabbi myr kahana show setting new highs in the history of broadcasting it to this
afternoon
was six new stock radio six ten w i o d presents
neo ranger to get in touch and talk call seven five one w i o d in day five two four
w i o d in broad or six five five and two seven eight w i o d in the palm
other areas make all collect the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not
necessarily those of the station now here's neo rogers on new stock radio six ten
w i o d well now we're really happy on twelve oh seven and w i o d and the food is just
coming from wings plus why are these great guys huh now the tide in the building
tide isn't a building okay now tide has got to come in first
and then ande and jirat and all the other people can but taught is going to come in first
because he gets like first pickings right is he in there april of course can come in too but she's
upset with you so she probably won't come in what have i done he doesn't like you today sitting
here a jerk today she thinks you're a jackass sitting right minding my own business doing my job
problem now you've got a four lit of problem it's called life and i said yeah they did be to
send a book life and she said book what's that oh here they come oh here they come
fast in your seatbelt uh oh i see a head's out there in the hallway now where's Todd Todd gets first
pick Todd's not coming in here well that's okay get call Ross at home okay there he is
you know we didn't let you down okay ande come on in everybody from the newsroom come in slowly
quietly so he doesn't get agitated again here's little april oh april is heading right over
toward the bird look at this now what to put a little kiss on his ears well i don't know what i
did i was like sitting here just now we got plates and some things or something like so just open
up all these things was this too much for you overwhelmed on we got a great one you're not for you
you want to salad yeah boy this Andy i'm telling you what a faker this kid is you know
dang
golly now he's finally his origins are fighting the starting to show you know his plant city golly
sound like he ought to be on with Andy Griffith or something you know on maybe you're maybe we are
are the i can't even say it open there you go i'm not into those shows i'm sorry and here at of course
who's always left out in this stuff i have no idea why it's just like kind of the odd man out
but that isn't a good way to put it oh is that what it is oh worked
it doesn't seem to bother the rest of these people
no no
1209 at lunchtime at the mold you know i i may have one of those that you want some chili do you like
chili i'm just looking at what all you have what all we got what what does that mean Todd you
want to see what i got not much not much let's see what you got done anyway there's this uh
some sandwich here which is great i'm going to have just one quarter that anybody want for
Italian sub no well i'll eat the whole damn thing to how would you guys okay yeah all
other stuff now what do you i want to make sure you get everything you want because otherwise
then you'll go into a rage i'm going to have some of the celery with a blue cheese well
these guys are just going to nick better dive in here real quick because these people are like
you know feeding for a while you don't have a couple of those celery because they sound good
crunching on the ear and some blue cheese thank you very much you what i look at this even
Mitch came criffing in here a little bit late so you better get right into the fish would you
like to come over here to a microphone and repeat the thing you told me out in the hall would you
like to say that yourself brothers and brothers what it is if um those are mushrooms aren't they
aren't those the uh would you pride mushrooms yeah you want to say it on the air listen to this
state with horse radish sauce you told me out no oh it's fish if you go those are kosher too
here it's got a little circle you want to get you the thing there what did he say i said
that sales people are at home exactly we don't know okay we all know that i just like the way
you put it yeah yeah he did you want to put that out would you do me a favor and that same voice
put that on a cart okay one that recues real fat no yeah in that voice yeah boy i love that
hopefully bill mullet will be tuned in when we play uh anyway it's 11 past new to w i
do everybody seems to have gotten what they want so to speak everybody was smiling anytime
any there's lots more here so don't the hold back because i know you won't good behavior yeah
they were really good today they were today hard looked incredibly good today didn't they
anyway it's uh oh well are there any wings because i was going to have one of the garlic
with oh there's a whole million of mokai i'm just going to try those because like you know i'm not
big into chicken and you're munging all over the place what mitch is going to be hysterical
hmm i feel like mr food i mean not quite so ugly uh oh is that good can we say that or is he
got a patent on that mmm the garlic wings are sensational these are like the cat's skill garlic
uh here's here's what here's trouble who was it all right all right who was it
it was Laura oh Laura come on now Laura please don't play hard you can ever miss today
Laura has never missed any lunch here but what are you doing now like come on Laura you don't have
to wait for the break i will not do the break to Laura comes in the studio okay uh oh oh my god
everything was going so well wow so smooth everything was so quiet and all the
time you're meeting yeah come on back to your meeting mr micky maus just showed up in the
controller room okay back to your meeting they're going so well i knew i was feeling good for
some reason all of a sudden my old iod allergies acting up again but you'll be pleased to know we found
in a closet all these old arbitrawn books okay and they all got bill vines name on them all right
so just govern yourself accordingly in there 12 minutes past noon it Laura aren't you going to
come in here and eat oh yeah do we have to beg you or have you been doing a little a frisky
business with Todd there in the newsroom is that what it is you can't wait for Ross to come
in tomorrow you got to start the hitting up on Todd today aren't she's out of control as we can she
better have a long talk with Scott see what's going on there it's 12 minutes past noon at wiod
back double pack the subway super first we take the bread from the oven then we stop it we stack
on a thick layer of meat then double package with another layer plus cheese and all the free
fix and submit try a super VMD a super club or a super combo and get twice the meat
back double pack where it really counts a food and more to love
right now it's subway by any regular six-inch set which for only a buck 99 that's a dollar 99
only it's subway i'm what you'd call a financial conservative i clip coupons go to early birds
special make my own shoes i've even found it properly washed and dried used paper towels are
perfectly serviceable recently however i did something quite exciting i opened a new kind of
pass book savings account it's called the premium pass book at carl gables federal because it's a
pass book account it's convenient and handy i keep it right in my sock drawer and because it's
from carl gables federal one of america's strongest financial institutions i know it's safe and
secure now here's the best part it's earning me more money more than any pass book account i've
ever had in fact i get high market rates without tying my money up in the cd and there's no penalty
for early withdrawal if you're a conservative saver like me you'll pick up your phone right now
and call carl gables federal about their new premium pass book it's a local call so there's no
charge remember if i see excuse me i didn't know palikin strength florida grapefruit juice oh
yes we get very safe and refreshing is it good we get thirsty all that's ish
macro herring so grapefruit juice refreshes one thing alone takes away my face grapefruit juice
from florida goes grapefruit juice from florida was he a drink at a loner on the rock alone on the
rocks in the air everywhere refreshing florida grapefruit juice 100 percent pure boy was high
on your next trip to albertons pick up trump account a 100 percent pure florida grapefruit juice
it's a deal too good to miss a channel six action news follow up report we are victim
and we are that on the stir over town for four months we've asked some tough questions
even are still without jobs and uh mothers are still without child now he asked what's happening
and what hasn't the improvements are coming and uh hopefully there'll be more and more visible
Beverly County Rotary Games follows up as a search for answers continues tonight at 611 on
channel six action news in another inside edition exclusive Ralph Nader investigates a
Houston businessman who is slaughtering our redwood forest he says he owns them can do what he wants
but he's cutting 129 football fields of trees a day which is more important a person's rights to
private property or the public rights to environmental protection see the hidden story when we
turn the news inside out on inside edition watch inside edition tonight at 730 on the new channel six
all right try to control yourself now 1216 w i d no Spencer is in the studio now
i don't know if i bring the vet back next week he's going to put it back into that was a mess
Spencer oh not only did they get the bugs off all those love bugs but it was shmiered and
just the ruined you know all right we want to do it you're going to do it are you ready you
got to do it again again i'm sitting up right oh why didn't you get out from it and wrong he's
today um there was a nightmare i would never expected it from you you do such great work all
rest of the time i'm going to do it again so you're going to have to personally supervise this
one next week okay thank you Laura i was very kind come on dig in now it's um we've got to get rid of
it why are you thinking out of this this is not in two two like a pig all along exactly see a
Spencer yeah see you nice job on that supra good didn't smear it all up did you okay take
care of yourself now because you only live once okay Spencer yeah by the way sicked by the
other kernel for his next Monday when you go over there because i don't think you'd be seeing
him too much over there yeah yeah tell them more the fans yeah see you Spencer get out of here
yeah i drove you out all right 12 18 what a day on lunchtime at the oldies is that what this is
surpluses that currently have plagued the United States and the western world yeah and we're taking care
right now well this chili is great okay and the garlic wings from wings plus
because i'm not a chicken person i'd put you that i'm just usually just eat the Italian sub which i'm
also having a little slice up but the the garlic wings are so good that it's it's obscene and they
are great they're quite a just a little hot it's great just a little spice you're great just a
little touch this is so pleasant today everybody who's on a good behavior best behavior today everybody
time came in and made some kind of grotesque comment and everything was great and it's it's nice
like it's like a picnic isn't it all right when you made that one comment when it came in he said
what do you got there and i showed him he started breaking out and tears I seriously was crying
yeah and i can relate to it 12 18 at w i o d and the Roger head little snack there and Nick has
been picking out his usual in his own quiet disgusting way and we're just having a great time
okay aren't we yeah we are they aren't we mm-hmm snack time at the moldy this chilly boy is great
and i don't even like chilly mm-hmm well see i don't like mocha because mocha has got too much beans in it
and not not for me you know not for me okay let's take some calls we're doing scrimas today and we're
off going over the ratings and just all kinds of huzzle right to kill some time i couldn't believe
when disney came back into building was that shocking frightening or what yeah thanks boy when i
saw disney all of a sudden i started to uh what a surprise start to back up a little bit some of the
food date county hello well i was kind of a cute call i'm too bad you couldn't hear it yeah
yeah you missed out on a real cute um provacad to her call yeah i don't think cute the word
yeah sure glad you're taking these calls every now and again yeah every once in a while just to
spice it up this for a little variety i think you're part of it speaking of the kernel
i thought this song might be appropriate today i'm a traveling man made a lot of stuff
funny afternoon at a w-i-o-d
the rock of south florida see ya rowered hello hi how you doing great
oh good couple things first of all this isn't light is it
hi i listen personal you could tell me uh both of the ratings for the motivation channel tell
you why it didn't show up because i write it because i turned on it never show up they don't make it
yeah so i was dipping through the channel for an a-m and i happened to listen and there was actually
a ten minute election one guy was given on those little square yellow stick them pads uh-huh
and that was it there was a whole thing a ten minute thing on that and i figured you know that's
got a draw audience is like a magnet oh yeah they can't they can't even motivate anybody to
well listen to the station yeah no i know it listen i'm the guy who called yesterday and asked you
to play the tired wolveries to record it yeah you remember uh well you're not going to believe
what do you do call back no no i'm not a good record to this i had i had Georgian marlin recorded for me
they're recording the recording of the marlin down he didn't come out but listen i read the
instruction book right now this is recording the recording level of on remember the guy on
zeta that time you played a bit for me well this was the same thing yeah call back i wanted to
just to play damage recording now playing again play this pal okay we do your mind dug it up
played it for me and i even played a little ricky ticket in this special thing for that it didn't
record okay never record now we don't we don't just uh turn the whole show around on demand for
some demented douchebag like you so you're a wonderful guy and you sound like you're really under
the age of a hundred but get lost god boy that's good huh those recordings are real complicated
you gotta hit playing recording now i have one more of those garlic wings okay just for the hell of it
because they are just tremendous god are they great
excellent man hey or Houston's real nice
all over the world
Houston you know dallas real nice yeah this is the most and perfect
and yeah the radio or as most people say when they're asked if they listen to the morning show on zeta
El Paso.
Whoa. Yeah. What a setup I did for that. Yeah. I sure did. That was a good one. I didn't even write it out long-handed.
Mmm. Are these garlic wings good?
God. I can't believe how good they are. I've been missing out on this. Yeah. Yeah.
Mmm. Mmm. The best.
Mmm. Wow. Wow. Mr. Food, eat your heart out. Okay.
23 past noon at good old WIO D. Did anybody come by and say, hey, nice job in the trends yesterday?
We get a little note under the door. Anything? No, they never do that. Well, on the book came out.
They said, hey, pretty good. Huh? Go to hell.
Mmm. Well, they're up suckers. DGR. You'll keep sucking wind. Yeah. Yeah.
Can we just station just keeps going up and up and up and up and GGR just bounced around like a yo-yo.
They don't even have the dolphins. At least that yet.
Boy, I'm in a celery with a blue cheese.
Football does well on FM. Remember the Super Bowl on today. And it's only 17 years till the first game.
Stay tuned for those hot 60-second promos exclusively on WIO D, where the weekends are deadly. Okay.
A three on a weekend. Can you imagine if we had like decent numbers on a weekend?
Oh, we have a six on this stage. I know. We had anything but those taped,
mung things on a weekend. But we don't want to interfere because it's not our bailiwick. Okay.
That's not our thing. Oh, 24 past noon at WIO D. Toyota of Hollywood is the sound.
I know you're going to be all right. We're having a little choking spasmy.
That's like my big dog. He eats two of them. Yeah.
Jam's it down and then he starts choking occasionally puking and disgusting things.
And it's just disgusting. Well, it was the water this time.
Went down the wrong way. But it's amazing. It happened during the bridge.
Whoops. Yeah.
I like the cold. Yeah.
The death on a year.
Yeah. Okay. We're doing little screenless here today.
We have an open line in Boka at 278 WIO D where it's not flashing.
The Italian sub is great too with these spicy side and cold cuts.
Whatever from man.
God. Yeah. And of course this is bad radio.
Anybody seen boy Gary? Do they put him on the back of the bus?
High door hair. Nothing. How about spike wise?
Nothing. Well, you won't see him.
Well, Mike Disney really was sufficient.
You know what I mean? Yeah, that was more than I know.
Because you know what I've always said.
Sales people are rassles.
1229 at WIO D. Now, why is this bad line ringing?
Shall we punch it up?
Because he's not even. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yeah.
It's Rick from Los Angeles. How you doing Rick?
Where did you get this number?
Very good. You gave me the bad line number last time I called.
That's right. I just wanted to see if you remember.
Oh, yeah.
So what's going on Rick?
Oh, not much. I imagine you guys have gotten the news by now.
What's that?
It's a little talk about Rob.
Yeah. Oh, do you think really that story got to us way over here?
Maybe.
Oh, this is Roblo's friend Rick.
Yeah. Now, what do you make of all that?
Well, I can't say a whole lot myself right now.
I can't let general little information
about it. Rob plans on coming out
with a statement later this week.
Well, wait a minute. Plans on coming out.
Yeah. No.
With a statement.
Oh, with a statement.
Yeah, later this week.
Now, I saw him on the news this morning from Can.
They talked to him.
From the Can?
From Can France.
All right.
And his statement was so ambiguous.
I mean, it was, well, I think that's a big wish when you come right down.
It didn't say anything.
I didn't even see that.
I don't know.
Said anything yet.
Yeah.
But really, you didn't miss anything.
Really?
Yeah.
Not it was so veiled.
It was wearing a veil in the can.
That Roblo, man, I'm trying to look on the kinky side, I think.
I saw the film.
It turns out that the girl was really river Phoenix.
Is that possible?
Uh, no.
He's married to some guy, yeah.
Name Marty.
That's right.
It's pretty bizarre.
This world of day, you can't be sure what the hell is going on, you know?
This is good.
Even if the body parts look like the right ones, you still can't be sure.
You know that's the thing.
Yeah.
It really is.
Nobody knows who's what or what's what anymore.
You have to practically bring it a battery of, uh, of biologists to find out what
is involved in it.
Well, when I saw the film, it's very hard to tell who's who in the, uh, and what's what?
Yeah.
He's all the uncensored film.
Yes.
Well, you did the whole 22 minutes.
Now, who is in it?
Well, there's a person named Rob in the, uh, yeah, they call him Rob.
They do the name, was that, is that him?
I don't know.
You don't know.
I really don't know.
And then there's a guy named Bruce.
Well, yeah, they call him Rob in the film.
That's true.
Isn't that coincidence?
It could be.
Oh, yeah.
And then there's a couple of girls who look like, um, River Phoenix.
Well, actually, Madonna.
Well, actually, there's only one girl in the film.
How many guys are there?
Two.
Two.
Well, I figured.
But, uh, I think he'll come out with a little more, uh, a little bit of a...
A little bit of a...
A little bit of a...
A little bit of a...
The next time he comes out with something.
Okay.
Well, well...
Yeah, he comes out with anything ever again.
Yeah.
If he ever brings it out again.
Yeah.
Okay, well, I'm sure that you're just sitting there with Vated Breath.
Give us a call if you get any updates, Rick.
I sure will.
Okay, have a great life.
Yeah, you too.
Bye.
I'm excited.
Well, that's what everybody's interested in.
That's Roblo.
Big story this week.
Well, I was always interested in Roblo.
See, I'm always like way ahead of everybody else.
I had a...
Yeah.
A front runner.
Mm-hmm.
How about those cops, by the way, a game ahead,
well, all the Metz fans must be really up-sourish today, boy.
They won't even talk to us.
I'm sure we have one open line not flashing in Boka.
278-9463-278-WIOD.
Now, we've got to get some more help on this food.
Okay, this is not a joke.
We've got more garlic wings.
We've got several more of that.
What is in this thing?
The tuna planner.
Oh, look at that.
Look at how beautiful that is.
Is there a dill pickle in there, do I see?
Because I'll eat the pickle.
Well, I mean the dill pickle.
Because to let that go to waste would be criminal, man.
Don't think about us Jews.
We never let dill pickles go to waste.
Oh, look, there's some eggs.
I can't believe the jurid wouldn't be eating the dill pickle.
Can you?
Yeah, there's some eggs in there too.
I like those.
Boyle eggs.
So anyways, we approach this next break.
You guys better make one last stop.
And clean up the rest of this here.
Okay, there's wings and there's the salad and there's celery and there's all kinds of stuff.
Okay, they did a pretty good job.
Well, they did a decent job, but I don't want to see in this more of this sub.
There's like half of the Italian sub left.
Speaking of food, which we really do want to show.
Siam's dog with that great Thai food up there in Lauderdale.
Lakes wants to pass along the word.
They want you to come in when they're not there, right?
No kids.
So boom, call you the other day.
In fact, they're coming Friday.
Aren't they?
With food.
How do you like that?
And that unusual somebody's bringing lunch on Friday.
And Siam's dog will be closed this Sunday, the 28th and Monday Memorial Day.
And also starting in June, which is just a week away.
They'll be closed on Sundays throughout the rest of the summer.
Then they'll reopen on Sundays in September.
So we just passed that long, you know, for those who care to send their very best.
And if you want to sample some of that great Thai food, which is just delicious,
it's spicy or if you really like it extra hot, they'll make it that way.
But whatever you get on the menu, it's fantastic.
Including the curry pop and the saute and all those delicious appetizers.
And all of the delicious entrees as well.
The prices are very moderate and the service outstanding.
Buonin is family will make you feel like a king or queen.
As the case may be at Siam's dog.
They're at 44 61 North State Road seven.
That's in the Lake Town Center in Lauderdale Lakes.
For exact directions, you call Buon at 731-8328.
731-8328 for the finest in Thai food, Siam's dog.
The rapid growth of pleasure voting is at our coast like a tidal wave,
making Florida's entrecocho one of the deadliest bodies of water in the country.
You can still use the high-speed action on campus.
Add to that the jet's key craze and you have a problem that runs deeper than the Thai.
Rickless fun seekers are leaving a wake of tragedy.
This is John Turton.
Is it safer to stay ashore?
Watch my report.
Enter coast out of control.
At 1010, I witness action tonight at 611.
And watch Nightline with Ted Couple at 1110.
A.D.C.
A.D.C.
A Merry His Choice.
A lot of people bet the lottery.
A lot.
Not too many wins, though.
That's true.
Not much fun just losing.
Not much.
Went to highlight the other night.
One a couple of bets.
Came out of over 70 bucks ahead.
Not bad.
Fellin' next to me won the Superfept.
The same game I won at Quenella.
Over $2,000.
No one said to me.
No.
He said it's nice if it next to a winner.
Back.
Thousands are won in single bets every night at Miami Highlight.
Go with the odds are good.
Miami Highlight.
Turn out problem.
1236 at WIdeas were trying to.
Now is there a couple more garlic wings?
Those are two good to waste.
I'm going to have one more.
Maybe.
I don't want to make a big mess here because somebody
would get a hysterical.
But these are just, and the smart thing
news, you dip them in this mong.
And a garlic mong?
Yes.
What is the mong?
Well, what do you call mousse?
Juice.
Well, that sounds disgusting.
Ha, ha, ha.
God are those good.
You're not good.
You're not good.
You're not good.
You're not good.
Oh, look at this.
Nick is coming to help us clean up a little bit.
So that's big.
You're not going to take that whole salad?
Ah, geez.
No point.
The newsroom is really letting us down, aren't they?
They really are.
We got a little leftovers in here.
We wish they would just come.
All the next seems to be doing a real good job.
Yeah, it's Cesar.
Did you have some of these already?
Yeah.
The best.
Well, I don't even like chicken anymore.
OK, I've been chicken to death.
But these are too good to be true.
Call 37 at W.I.O.D.
I know this is disgusting today.
We just go on overboard, aren't we?
Are we doing just a little bit too much today?
And we had the desserts before we started.
Too garlic.
Well, that's it.
Guess what's coming up in the next break?
Two garlic wings and a little salad.
That's all that's left.
They picked a clinch.
Don't you think Todd ought to come back and finish that up?
Just for old time's sake.
Anyway, let's take a call and have a rowdy.
Hello.
Yes, is this the Neal Rogers show?
No.
Is this W.I.O.D.?
Of course.
What do you ask a dumb questions, Pound?
Well, I like to talk to Neal Rogers.
Oh, I think it's good.
Oh, OK.
Oh, Neal used to be on 94th, all right?
Mm-hmm.
See, I've been out of town.
I've been out of here.
We've been here almost seven months.
Well, no, I've been out.
I've been up.
How's everything?
Everything's great.
No, that 94th station back to music?
Yeah, well, no, they got this morning show.
They got a one-five show in the morning.
They're really knocking them dead.
Really?
No, it's good to hear you.
You know, this is a very strong station,
very big following.
Good to hear you doing well.
It is?
Oh, yeah.
W.I.O.D.
Sure.
It is?
It's fine.
I never heard of it before I came over.
It's great.
Listen, I just want to tell you good luck.
And although I still hate your style,
I hate everything you say.
I hate everything.
But you got what it takes to get on.
I don't think I can say it.
But you got big ones.
Yeah.
That's what you think.
Good luck to you.
OK, pal.
All right.
We hate you, too, OK?
You said everything else?
Why couldn't you say that?
Yeah.
You didn't hear all that call, did you?
No, I had a dump.
One thing you said.
But you didn't want to say balls.
That's incredible.
Mm-hmm.
But you said everything else.
The management was playing golf without him this morning.
So why should that stuff him?
1239, 21 till 1 at W.I.O.D.
Date, County, hello.
Welcome to our eat fest.
This is your man on the street for W.I.O.D.
Well, it's been nice talking to you.
We all these comedians, man, we're not interested.
Don't you understand?
We're not interested.
Get your own show, OK?
In fact, after seeing these numbers,
there ought to be a lot of possibilities in town.
Palm Beach.
You know, they're so slow in the uptake.
Well, listen to the music in the background.
Well, this is another one of these guys
who's playing material for us on the ear.
He's in the diamond world.
And the music is in the attic, OK?
And he's holding a phone up.
Can you hear it, Neil?
He thinks everybody can do like Lee Fowler.
You know, just open the window and it goes on the ear.
Broward, hello.
Broward.
Yeah.
Hey.
Hi, guys.
What's shaking, pal?
Not much.
You know what this is.
Who is it?
Carlos.
You got it.
Well, that's depressing, Carlos.
What do you want?
You're not even asking me to call.
That was just a joke.
You think that's serious?
We want to hear that machine, Carlos.
I'm setting it up.
Yeah.
I got it.
Setting it up.
I've been set up before Carlos.
You know what I mean?
I don't know what you're talking about with me.
I never...
Joe, Joe with two ends.
You know that guy?
You know who that guy is who hasn't called
since he made that trip to my house
when he was doing little surveillance?
I know.
I've never...
Pretty boring, too, because there wasn't anything going on.
I guess maybe that's why we don't hear from him anymore.
Well, I've...
If he wants to come back,
I'll be more than happy to fulfill his desires,
whatever it was.
Well, I've nothing to do with that.
I don't know what...
Well, he talked about you at Great Land, Carlos,
and then all of a sudden that following Monday,
you were the first caller.
And I thought it was pretty suspicious, Carlos.
All he said was that he...
That someone asked him about me at Shared in Seven, right?
That's what he said to me.
Yeah.
And that's it.
What do you mean that's great, Blake?
Or did he say some more stuff?
He said you were an Ojampra Vaca tour, is what he said.
Basically.
Yeah.
I don't know this Joe guy.
You don't know him?
No, never really.
Well, he's working now for the CIA.
Ha, ha, ha.
I don't know who he is.
Yeah.
He and the STEM are working for the CIA.
Ha, ha, ha.
They're going to be a team of brain surgeons together.
A bird, a happy bird there.
Thanks, Carlos.
Thanks a lot.
This is my bird there a couple of weeks before that.
You're a tourist?
Yeah, are you two?
Yep, me, fifth.
No care, kiddo.
Nobody cares.
Ha, ha.
How's work going?
It's going good.
It's going good.
Yeah, how come you're being so mean to me lately?
Hmm.
Why should today be any different than...
No, he used to be really nice to me
when I first called the first couple of times.
And I only...
Till I got to know you better, Carlos.
You never got to know me.
Thank God.
Just a radio show, Carlos.
I made you show.
Hmm.
This is your friend, right?
No, your friend.
Say, if people are assholes.
Ha, ha, ha.
That's a great car.
I just came out of nowhere.
I like that a lot.
You love it, Carlos.
You love people being mean and cruel
and tying you up in the corner and whips and chains.
Isn't that what you're into, Carlos?
Be honest with us.
I love it.
Yeah.
I told you.
I told you if we were nice to you,
we wouldn't know how to handle it.
Hmm.
How come your phone is getting so muffled,
we can't understand it.
I'm again, but a phone?
Yeah.
In closing.
Wait, wait, don't hang up.
There you go.
There we go.
We can actually understand it now.
What kind of a phone was that?
Was that a pornograph?
No.
I just got a switch phone.
Oh, Carlos, you are so boring, man.
It's called, I may pass out.
Ha, ha, ha.
Why I just came to explain to you that,
I don't know what's going on with this Joey guy.
Well, we don't either.
Like it's Mr.
not Joey.
Joey is another guy.
OK, Joey's OK.
This is Joe with two ends.
Yeah.
Very mysterious, very strange, bizarre,
and has disappeared from the face of the earth.
All right.
You guys ready?
Here we go.
Let's do this.
How was that?
Yeah.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Have a great day, Carlos.
Thank you, Nathan.
We'll see you.
A little woe.
Call 43 at WIOD.
Open line in Broward, 5249463.
524WID, again, we thank profusely our friends
at WIVS Plus for relunch.
That's obviously going to come back over and over again.
That's tremendous.
God is a good.
I'm disappointed though that there's
a little stuff left over here.
And that Todd, you notice how Todd like sucked out of here?
He never came back in to finish it off?
I think good.
No, I didn't notice.
I know.
Well, I pay very close attention.
Wow.
I think there's like part of a sandwich.
There's a lot of the celery.
There's more of that tuna salad planter
that's sitting over there that's I'm going.
And there's at least one or two of those wings.
One.
Only one.
Well, I made that.
I made it finish that off.
Like I said, you're not the...
Are the people like hovering or is somebody
putting mail in a bottle?
Well, you can't tell out there.
I keep seeing these heads in the hallway out there.
Nothing going on out there that I could see.
Sure.
I don't see anything.
Can you see it there?
A little bit.
More than you.
Well, they did it on purpose, probably.
No kidding.
44.
Boy, this was really something special.
Now, what's tomorrow?
Tomorrow's Thursday.
And we got natural eats.
Fernando.
We'll be here briefly.
Briefly.
Fernando's going to have a very limited visit.
Well, that's nice.
In other words, just slide the food out of the door, Fernando.
And natural eats.
And then Friday, we got boon in the box with Saiyams Dal.
Boon boon.
And then Monday on a holiday, no less.
Mr. Arnold is coming back with those incredible little rock
castle cheeseburgers.
You're amazing.
I don't know how you do it.
I do it.
Now, I'm curious about this, though.
OK, I don't know whose schedule.
I guess Todd's supposed to work Monday, Wednesday, and Friday,
and Ross works Tuesday and Thursday.
And Jarrett works whenever he feels like it.
Who's going to be in on Monday?
Are you working Monday?
For what?
When?
This Monday?
Yeah.
It's a holiday.
It's a holiday.
It's Memorial Day.
And you're still going to be here, because we
got Royal Castleburgers coming on Monday.
Oh, yeah.
I work even on holidays.
This is summer.
I'm always on Monday.
What a guy.
Yeah, it seems like it.
Now listen, there's just a little stuff left over here,
but we don't want you to go away hungry, OK?
And Laura said that she was wrong.
She said, Ross, look good, but she's
taken a good second look at you, and she's
having second thoughts, OK?
He's not interested in Laura, OK?
I don't want to hurt Laura's feelings.
Todd just said, he didn't say it in so many words.
But he just said, I didn't say it.
What?
Don't say it over there.
No.
I won't say it on here.
How about off here?
He's not interested, Laura.
He thinks you're a dog.
Anyway, it's 12.45.
Now you would like, for example, if you were just
bored for a few minutes, right?
Yeah, go ahead.
If you were bored for a few minutes, and Laura stopped
by in there, and there was nobody else like Monday
when it's a holiday, you might entertain her for a few
minutes, right?
Oh, yeah.
A few hours or hours.
A few hours or days is the case, maybe.
OK.
Well, listen, Todd, don't stay away too long.
12.46 at WIOD, it's time to talk more food.
Now, the Armadillo Cafe.
You want to think about this show?
We don't overdo it on the food, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, take off.
Well, not the garbage.
So you can come back.
I'll say now you're liking him a little bit better,
because he hates your guts.
He just, he just, now he does.
He hates your guts, don't you?
Don't you hate him?
I don't even know the man.
How can I hate that man?
Well, I never stopped you before.
It never stopped you before.
If he had, maybe if he had a couple of large breasts
or something, you might like him.
And then he'd probably get on her although,
and then you'd wish he had known him better.
Why are you bringing me into this?
Well, because you've been surly all day.
Even April came in here.
Usually you're like cuddling April and you grab everything
you can get.
And today it would like she looked at you
with a look that could kill.
I was reading something.
Like you said, are you a salesman or something?
I was sitting here.
You know why she said, are you a salesman?
Sales, people are assholes.
Oh, sitting here reading something or something,
and she's like, she's the surly one.
Oh, yeah, I think, ask April,
what the hell is going on in here?
Would you please?
Thank you Todd.
Come back anytime.
1246.
Well, you know what he is?
There's a word that I've been looking for
to describe him from plant city.
Healthy.
OK.
Would you say that's right?
Don't ask me these questions.
If you keep asking me these questions,
I'm going to say something and it's
going to hurt people's feelings, OK?
And that's not what I want to do.
What do you want to say about him?
Don't push him.
See, I told you, he hates him.
I don't even know the person who got to rust it all.
I don't know any of them.
And you hate him.
I know.
I don't.
How about Alan?
You hate Alan?
Yeah.
OK.
I know him.
How can you hate somebody if you don't know them?
So in other words, if they'd hang out in here
and make some more noise and be a little more obnoxious,
then I'd hate him.
OK.
OK, I guess you guys have got the message.
1247 WIOD.
Armadillo Cafe.
Wow.
I got to say one thing.
OK, I don't care anybody else in this market.
You can go on and talk about all the great restaurants.
And you know, a lot of people do have good restaurants.
But we got just tons of places.
Don't we?
It's amazing.
And most of them don't cost you an arm and leg.
That's a great thing about Armadillo Cafe.
The prices are very modest.
1251 at WIOD.
So you forgot all about that?
I sure did.
We got the second race in about, well, 45 minutes or so.
40 minutes coming from Hailea.
Final cat is the bird's pick with Steve, Gaffley on.
Good luck to you on that one.
And my pick is way back in a seventh race,
Katie Overstreet with Mike Gonzalez.
I'm not going to be a fool anymore and pick early.
So milk and call in.
I'll learn it.
OK.
I'll finally learn.
Sooner or later.
So anyway, I don't know why you hate Todd,
but he's a pretty good guy.
Anyway, let's put this down here.
I've never said one word against you.
What do you hate?
Any of these guys that come in?
I've never said one word for you.
I don't know.
I've never said that before.
April and Gail are wonderful, delightful young ladies.
And I think they're great.
Yeah.
Do you hear me?
I don't want to put the move on.
I don't know.
Do you hear me salivating and drooling about them on the air?
Yes.
As a matter of fact, that April, she comes anywhere near the door
and you get into heat.
Ah, Chase.
You got so choked up before I didn't think
you were going to be able to continue the show.
Audience heard it.
I heard what.
Oh, yeah.
I heard what April was in the, uh, she was just hanging
outside the door and you start gagging and choking,
getting hysterical.
253 at WIOD.
Broward.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
This is Judy from a hot dog cart that Neil used to.
Hey, Judy.
How you doing?
Who's this?
Neil.
Neil.
We're doing screenless, Judy.
How long have you been ringing the phone?
Do you know that I have tried to call you numerous times?
Where have you been?
I have a girl working on the corner now.
So I'm sorry.
Do you have a girl working on the corner?
Well, that's the thing.
Do you have people don't know you, Judy?
That doesn't sound too good, OK?
Why is she taking over for me?
The hot dog cart.
For the summer, yeah.
How you been?
We've been great.
We're just eating up a storm here.
One of my customers came by and told me
that he had spoken to you when you said, tell the call.
They don't tell it a call, you know?
But I tried.
I tried.
Well, when you're this popular, Judy, you know what I mean?
I wanted to wish a look a long time ago.
Well, here we are.
Neil.
Yeah.
There was a paint and body shop that you've been advertising.
I just put a little Mustang in it needs paint.
Citron, C-I-T-R-O-N.
C-I-T-R, they're really good?
Yeah.
Where are they located?
Oh, geez.
Call them up.
They've got like three different locations.
But real close to you.
Yeah, they're not far from you.
Palmetto in like 47.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah, they're right off the Palmetto like a couple of blocks.
All right.
I'm really glad I got through to you.
Well, thank you.
Well, listen, it's great hearing from you.
So in other words, you're not going back out on the street.
I mean, with a cart?
Well, I had a little surgery on my face, little improvement.
And the doctor says, no more sun.
Oh, no more sun.
No more sun.
Huh?
This girl, Jody's really doing really great.
She's still in hot dogs like they're going out of style.
Great.
Did you read the article Sunday that the herald did?
No, I don't read the herald.
Oh, you don't read this one.
The subversive paper.
They didn't do me too good this time.
What, they ripped you?
Well, there's a couple of hot dog carts down the road, like US27.
And they're saying that I'm using scanty tactics out there to sell because this girl, Jody,
was sure.
What's wrong with that?
Ask God.
I don't know.
US them.
I don't know.
Stay and think I'm taking business away from them.
Yeah.
They probably got what's his name?
Tom Fiedler is probably standing around with a raincoat and binoculars out there at the
shopping center across the street and then checking things out.
You know what I mean?
Well, it wasn't nice what they said.
You know?
Well, the hell with them.
In fact, every knock they give you is like a hundred boosts.
It's amazing.
There's not enough traffic to go around, you know?
So this is Jody who's got the hot dog cart at the corner of Pines and Palm in Pembroke
Pines.
I miss you, Neil.
I miss waving to you.
Yeah, I miss driving by and waving to you every day.
Well, listen, I would, one of these days when you least expect it, I'll drive by there.
I'd love it.
Okay, and I'll say hi to Jody.
Great.
Okay, thanks, Jody.
Hey, can you?
You too.
Bye.
Isn't that incredible?
We heard today from Gordon Stevens.
Johnny Dark.
Johnny Dark.
Carlos.
Carlos.
Hot dog, Jody, in the same day.
Who's in the one to two hours?
And Todd was in here twice.
It's.
Oh, my.
Now he's going to hate me.
What?
He's going to.
Well, he doesn't care about you.
Well, that's true.
He doesn't even care about me.
He cares about the food.
I mean, he's a nice kid.
He's from Plant City.
So he's like, what's the word I'm looking for?
Careful now.
No, it's not a knock, but he's from Plant City.
So he's like, home spun.
He's like, he's not from New York or something
in full of all kinds of archaic attitudes.
He's from a liberated place like Plant City, which makes me
think a couple of times real long.
You know what I'm saying?
Anyway, he's going to be here on Monday.
And Mr. Arnold's coming by with his real castle cheeseburgers
on Monday.
So eat your hearts out.
All you fakers out there at the building
are going to be having his busman's holiday for days and days
and days and just think you're getting away with him.
We're going to be here eating great food.
Having a great time.
Having a hell of a good time.
In fact, I heard the scenario because the building empties out
on holidays.
Oh, sure.
The scenario is that April and Todd are
going to be in here with us on Monday.
They're in a whole show.
Oh, it's going to be like when Gail was with Steve
that day.
Four hours.
They're going to be hanging out like real close.
Boy, 1257 at WID.
Maybe even Ross might stop by.
And Laura is the truth that she's
the Fed up with Scott is part of a true or not.
Boy, that seemed fresh and I guess you know what I'm
going to do with him anymore.
She said, boy, he is strictly from hunger.
Dave County, hello.
And of course, he was sales for GTR.
So there's not much of a future there.
You know why sales people are assholes.
Go ahead, sir.
OK, we got to put him on hold.
OK, because he's busy doing something.
Dave County, hello.
Dale.
Yeah.
I got a WID spy report.
OK.
This morning woke up with the alarm with the radio
and micronary.
That's right.
Uncle Mikey was doing a talk-up.
Yeah, I know he's been doing that all week.
Yeah, he did.
In fact, I rolled over and went back to sleep.
I wasn't sure I was awake.
If all the food in the world were equally distributed,
among all the people in the world.
Speaking of Ricky, you know that statement
to Rob Lowe's going to make?
It's probably to explain what Ricky Tiki was doing,
go stepping around the bed.
Then he and that 16-year-old girl were doing whatever on.
Did Mikey make the talk-up?
He sure did.
Oh, right.
He knew when he stepped on him.
He blew it yesterday.
He stepped on the drifters today.
Yeah, he was short yesterday.
But Mike, if you're going to do talk-ups,
talk-ups, single-artists, you know, like Rick Nelson
or something, or Bobby Duran.
Because even if you step on them,
they're not going to feel it anyway.
Let me tell you, he stepped on the drifters, man.
He really did.
And, you know, Henry was busy knocking over bottles
and complimenting him on how tight it was.
How tight it was?
Yeah.
Well, I don't think you say that around the world.
So, hey, how about a little Ricky Tiki talk up there
to commemorate his goo stepping around the bed?
Okay, we're working on.
Okay.
See ya.
Well, let's see what we can do.
Bo-bo-bo-bo-bo-bo-bo-bo.
We all see the state of starvation, man.
It means some of these cheating somewhere along.
I think we're at a one to do it.
Never many men made a lot of stars.
He stepped on two records of the same time.
Miracle, wow.
You're a miracle worker.
He's one of the few people in the history of broadcasting
and can step on two different songs at the same time.
And never miss a beat.
Okay, boy, he is something.
And of course, keep in mind as we come to the end
of this hour, sales people are assholes.
Oh, haha.
Outstanding.
April War the Mist Standing by with a one o'clock WIOD news.
Then we come back with a big one to two hour, man.
Look at all the celebrities we've had so far,
just wait until the next hour.
I'm gonna be incredible.
Call 751 WIOD in day.
524 WIOD in Brawler or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach.
Other areas make all collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers
are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on New Start Radio 610 WIOD.
It's the loudest of two hours.
Hi, I'm Sue Nallison.
Notice you haven't seen me in movies for a long time.
That's because I always wet my pants.
Remember my love scene with Jimmy Stewart and that
Mottie Stratton picture?
I was so...
Do you know Gene Kelly's famous dance and singing in the rain?
That wasn't rain?
That was me.
But I'm back.
Thanks to deep and adult diapers.
They're so absorbent.
It's like having two rolls of toilet paper
in your back pocket.
Oh, and each diaper has colorful pictures of the great stars of the 40s.
But here, Donald O'Connor and there's me.
Do you know, Nallison?
I still wet my pants, but thanks to deep and...
I'm working again.
Yeah, 106 at WIOD.
Yeah.
And anyhow...
It's obviously the one to two hours.
Why is there somebody on a hold?
Did I do that?
Yeah.
Hello.
What's it ready?
Oh, you weren't ready before.
Are you ready?
You're talking to me now?
Yeah.
Bill.
Yeah.
You didn't tell me a while ago that I was ready.
Well, you sound ready to me, Pell.
You're one of those guys who I think is always ready.
You know what I mean?
I'm probably surprised right now.
That's what I told Todd too and he ran out of here like a maniac.
Hey, the bird's early today or what?
He's hysterical today, boy.
Yeah, we talked about this before.
He's ready to kill.
So we talked about sports getting a little bit more serene?
How about those cubs?
Is that either a game ahead, Pell?
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, congratulations on your ratings.
Uh-huh.
And the cubs, but my pirates are way down there.
Yeah, well, good luck to you.
Yeah, I know.
One thing you got me going is on horse racing right now.
I've never seen a horse, you know, just catch the glimpse on horse racing.
These last two races are pretty nice then.
The, uh, Kentucky Derby, you got me screaming in front of radio on the TV.
You just screaming up and down.
Yeah, you sound like a screamer to me.
Well, I'd like to call the guys down at Miami-Lake and Mercury a bunch of assholes and douchebags.
Yeah, they're herring right now on the radio.
Well, whatever you say, Pell.
Uh, bird, butch up.
Okay.
Thanks.
Is that it?
You okay now?
Yeah, can you put me on a hold for a minute?
You're an uproar.
Hey, whatever he wants, okay?
It's a show.
Oh, boy.
No.
Oh, God.
Let's go to a pomba heat cello.
Oh.
Yes.
I just want to have a few comments on sales reps.
I hear you guys think salesmen are assholes.
What about it, sir?
Well, I just, I'm a salesman.
This country lives on salesmen.
Yeah, wait a minute.
Do you sell radio time?
No, I sure don't.
I like what it's about.
Oh, you have.
I have.
How come you got out of it?
How come you got out of it?
What did I get out of it?
No, I said, how come you got out of it?
Because I felt that it wasn't for me.
I wanted to get into some of the other things tangible sales.
Yeah, you wanted to get into an honest business.
Well, not really.
I have a friend that works for magic and I have a friend that works for Y 100 and they have me.
I think it's a little overpriced in the Florida market.
Sales people are assholes.
Well, maybe radio sales people are assholes.
That's the point.
That's what we're talking about.
We're not talking about the rest of you wonder, what are you and do you sell?
Okay, well, I sell you a rena-car.
I'm a salesman for a rena-car company here in Miami.
Oh, well, we love you guys.
All right, great.
I appreciate that.
But anyway, I'm serious.
I wanted to tell you because I heard the comment about salesmen and that took it as an offense.
You guys are great.
Although some radio talk show guys can be real assholes sometimes.
There's no question about it.
Absolutely.
I'm glad to give you a list.
I'll be glad to give you a list.
I'll be glad to give you a list.
I'll be glad to give you a list.
I'll be happy on the road.
Okay, so to speak.
I'll be later.
You're gonna be okay now?
I think I can live with it today.
Okay.
All right, Bob.
Wow.
Well, we sure brought him back from the edge.
He was right on the edge.
Hi.
I'm Sue Allison.
Anyway, it's 10 minutes after one at WIOD.
You're right.
It is the one to two hour make no mistake about them.
Wait a minute.
What did I do?
Uh-oh.
Didn't I have somebody on hold for the lighting rod?
I think I did something wrong there.
There are no coincidences.
Because there's nobody on hold now.
They're all flat.
It was on two.
How about that?
And he was on eight.
Uh-huh.
Well, she was.
I call Evan Costello and I just find out who's on first.
Okay.
I'm broken up myself.
Now, are you feuding with anybody in the newsroom?
No, you'll be okay with those people.
I'm not feuding with anybody.
Because I went out during this break at one o'clock.
And Todd came, he said, real quietly, he said,
boy, that bird is a jackass.
Now, he didn't say that.
I didn't say that.
I just tried to start a little something.
I know you love this.
Because it's more fun when there are people who've gone out.
You get all agitated and bent out of shape and left.
Dorothy's going to be on vacation next week.
I know.
I'm well aware.
And she said, I'm a little bit concerned that the kids in the newsroom
are going to be going wild.
And I said, well, we've been hoping for that.
But not quite what she meant.
Not quite what she had in mind.
Okay.
I'm not feuding with anyone in this building.
Are you?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, well, I'll have them come in and visit.
Well, yeah.
Yeah.
Who would you like me to look?
How about Bill Mullin for Star Wars?
Okay.
I'll invite him in.
Say it, people are assholes.
Nice reading.
Isn't that a great reading?
The best.
It's an excellent job, Mitch.
Said with great sincerity and feeling.
Okay.
The people on the line that I can relate to, all right?
It's 11 past one here on Great Old 610WYOD.
I'm going to be dead.
I'm going to be dead.
I'm going to be dead.
Introducing a breakfast cereal for the avant-garde set.
New yoga pups.
I'm terrible for yoga pups.
I'm terrible for yoga pups.
I'm terrible for yoga pups.
No fiber, no triton or taste.
Perfect for the starving artists.
I'm terrible for yoga pups.
I'm terrible for yoga pups.
Individually sculpted another graph of stuff that go great with cigarettes and cappuccino.
I'm terrible for yoga pups.
I'm terrible for yoga pups.
Connect the dots on the back of the box and draw a newty of yoko just like Don.
I'm Kooku for Yoko Pups.
Kooku for Yoko Pups.
I'm terrible for Yoko Pups.
I'm terrible for Yoko Pups.
You're all final scream for new yoko pups.
I'm terrible for yoga pups.
I'm terrible for yoga pups.
I'm terrible for yoga pups.
I'm terrible for yoga pups.
I'm terrible for yoga pups.
Yeah, that fits in so well today.
Nice.
One sixteen and W.I.D.
In fact, that one fits in almost as well with this show as this one does with Sandy.
Anyway, haha.
Sixteen past one and Steve today has got a-
I just can't believe it.
Yeah.
Rabbi Meyer Kahana again.
Oh, God.
Oh, boy.
And Rabbi Kahana is going to be talking about Arabs who smoke and have abortions over there.
They're counting. Hello.
Hey, you're doing the ill.
Okay. It's Chuckie.
Hey, Chuckie.
Yeah, you were asking for people in the one to two hours.
I decided to give you a call.
What?
I said, you said everybody was calling and then he said, who knows who's going to call.
Oh, I see another words for celebrities.
Okay.
Can you believe?
Hey, I'm good.
Hello.
Yeah.
Oh, Glenda, you catch that David Letterman top 10 list last night?
I taped it.
I haven't watched it.
Yeah. Well, it's about Rob Lowe.
You're going to get a kick out.
Oh, great.
Yeah.
That day.
Yeah, but it's really right on target too.
Just about the number nine one was beta or VHS.
And I won't give away the title so the bird can be here.
Number eight might have been AC or DC, huh?
Or AC and AC.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, just call it to say hello, guys.
Well, hello, Chuckie.
And you know what else?
What?
Good bye.
You put me on hold for the lightning.
You're no problem.
We are celebrity and just everywhere.
First Gordon Stevens and then Chuckie.
Okay.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Now, wait a minute.
I put him on a hold.
Did you disconnect him?
He just hung up.
Go ahead, sir.
I have a spy report.
Okay.
First on the hot dog girl.
All the jolly.
At Pines and Com.
Is that her name?
Jody?
Jody.
Oh, I was wondering what happened to the old girl
and the new girl showed up.
Yeah.
Well, she's like putting girls out on a street.
So to speak.
This girl and no one.
Oh.
She could sell refrigerators to an F-comon.
Ha, ha, ha.
Remember, she said she was selling hot dogs like crazy.
Yeah.
She said she was like,
the line of cars and trucks and everybody stopping over there.
Yeah, I heard they're having a run on weenies in that part of town.
Is that true, sir?
How is she?
I'm making a run for it.
Is she blonde or brunette?
She's brunette.
All right.
And she wears shorts?
Very high shorts.
Scantily clad in shorts.
Yeah.
She's got hot weenies out there in the corner of Pines and Palm that is in Pemberg Pines.
And you see the traffic jam just for people in rubber neck.
Oh, no.
In rubber neck.
I don't think you should have said rubber necking.
I think that would make it the wrong idea.
And a second spy report.
Okay.
Today is the opening of River Phoenix's new movie.
He's in the New Indiana Jones movie.
He is?
Is he really?
In the opening segment.
Well, I'm going to rush to see that.
In the opening segment, he plays Indiana Jones as a young boy.
Oh.
And then in the later segment, he plays him as a young girl.
And with no makeup in either segment.
Yeah, he's really a piece of work that River Phoenix.
I hope he and his wife, Mervyn or whatever the name is.
A hearty.
I think he's going to take it along really well.
Was he in that tape?
It could be.
I think so.
Okay.
I think not only was he in that tape, but I think he was riding Northern Wolfen to
Prickness.
Well, see it Pines and Palm.
Okay.
Bye.
Good luck to you, sir.
Wow.
So they got a big billboard up there now.
And Pemberpines says for a great weenie, he had for Pines and Palm.
That's what it says.
119 at WIOD, Dade County.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Congratulations on your ratings.
Well, thank you so much.
How are you, Berg?
All right.
You guys got to be careful, though.
If you use neck, David Letterman commercial, then that's our smart.
They got radar.
Yeah.
And try to try to put it in the AID.
And remember, it would out these.
I think that's it.
Is that it?
No, I think so.
Okay.
Boy, that was shocking.
Speaking of shocking, ladies, you're right.
Right.
Just came loafing into the studio.
And all we got left is that there's a part of a sandwich here.
Yeah.
Todd fixed you, huh?
But I don't have a fork.
Todd fixed you a little one.
Would you like a sub?
There's a quarter of a sub sandwich there.
There's a good spicy cold.
Take this.
And then there's some celery.
Why were you going to eat with a fork?
There's nothing.
Oh, the tuna salad.
You wanted a fork.
Well, I take the forks are all gone.
But I'm sure the table will be able to help you out.
Now, seriously, he said he's okay.
Whatever you like.
Sure.
Go right ahead, Gale.
No problem at all.
Are you going to be okay now?
You all right?
Yeah.
Okay.
There she goes, ladies and gentlemen.
And look at that.
There's, uh, Jared is kind of like hanging out in the hallway.
What does Jared do it out there?
He's like taking pictures.
Did you see that?
It looks like he does.
Jared's out there taking pictures in a hall.
Wow.
This is shocking.
I bet you they're going to show up on Heraldo.
And that Rob Lowe is in one of them.
Boy.
Broward County.
Hello.
Hi.
Can I speak to Bill please?
Speaking.
Hi, Bill.
Hi.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hi, Birds.
Hi.
How you doing?
Who's this?
This is your not so secret admirers.
Oh, my.
How are you guys doing?
Okay.
How are you doing?
You know who this is?
No.
Take a wild guess.
Robin.
That wasn't so wild.
How are you guys doing today?
Who is this?
Robin.
What's wrong with you today?
Doesn't sound like her, does it?
I know.
I have allergies and I have allergies.
Oh, geez.
Well, you know, the fact that you kept saying how you guys doing today about 25%.
That should have been enough for me, you know.
I haven't spoken to you guys in a while.
I miss you.
I listen to you every day still, but I miss talking to you.
This is not Robin.
I'm furious it is.
No.
Neil, come on.
And what do you want me to say, public?
Anything.
This is Robin.
You're a doork.
I'm a doork.
Yeah, see it's not Robin now.
No.
Imposter.
A Robin imposter.
How do you like that?
That was shocking.
I mean, she didn't even know that card.
Mm-hmm.
Whoo.
Boy, that was desperate to get on today.
She started like she had little Latin accent or something like that.
I'm kind of an accent.
Robin don't have any accent.
She just, uh, deficient.
22 after 1 at WIOD and we're doing a little screenless.
Just kind of filling the gap till the, um, till the, what you call it, the lightning round.
I can't even think of the name of it.
I'm so overcome with food.
Oh, I thought we were feeling, feeling the gap of the rabbit.
I did the Sharon check out.
Did she have a little chat with Todd in the newsroom?
Did you go in there and find out what's going on?
No.
You haven't said hi to Todd.
Didn't you tell me this week that you were going to go in here each day and talk to all of
these interns and give us a report?
Didn't you say that?
A quick schmoozing around there with Nick.
You can talk to him anytime, okay?
And it's always going to be the same anyway.
Go in there and just have a little chat with Todd and you can come and give us a
little chat.
We're going to be talking about the
We're going to be talking about the next week.
We're going to be talking about the next week.
We're going to be talking about the next week.
We're going to be talking about the next week.
We're going to be talking about the next week.
We're going to be talking about the next week.
We're going to be talking about the next week.
We're going to be talking about the next week.
We're going to be talking about the next week.
You're just wishing.
Did I say that?
Did I say that?
Do I have any desire to see Boy Geary hack up and go back to a Louisville?
By the way, I had a dream last night that I put 25 dollars on this horse and it won.
Can you believe that?
That was a dream.
Yeah.
123 at WIOD and now you can enjoy the melting pot in North Miami Beach.
That's right.
If you haven't been up there.
And just to buy your fake.
We've heard your lines and all your fees.
While you boast that personality.
So inigmatic such a marine.
Lying to its own democracy.
While you boast that personality.
Like Jimmy Swaggett.
Yeah.
Pretty weak, huh?
Mm-hmm.
On 27 at WIOD.
What?
What?
What was that?
I don't know.
I don't have a Q-sheet.
Broward County, hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
I got a few spy reports for you.
Okay.
Zeta, I can confirm it.
They were doing the noise this morning.
Oh, good.
And Tanner was doing it on Power 96.
That same little noise you have.
Oh, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Hold on.
Sharon, sit down in the chair.
Just a moment.
Hold on.
So you're not going anywhere, are you?
No, sir.
All right.
Yeah, I didn't get a good look at him.
No, he was on the phone and they called me and they paged me.
I have an important call.
I'm going to go back in here again.
Can I have a chat with this caller and you go back in and check
town out.
Go ahead, sir.
I'm sorry.
Sharon's just trying to get a little bit of information for us.
Tanner did your little passing gas noise on Power 96 this morning, too.
Yeah, he probably saw the numbers.
Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised.
He saw Y-100 creeping all over the place.
Yeah, what's the story over there?
Over where?
At Y-100.
I don't know.
They made a big comeback.
That's amazing.
They had a giant month.
That is amazing.
I don't.
Have you ever listened to that morning show?
No.
Don't worry about it.
Good.
I have a big time Alice spy report.
Alice come on the air and he said,
I saw these two people the other day in the parking garage
and they were underneath the stairs making love.
And he said, I didn't know what to do about it.
So I didn't do anything.
He said, the next day I come home and I saw the same two people
underneath the stairs making love.
So I didn't know what to say.
So I said, hello to them.
Yeah.
That is what he said.
I don't eat the stairs on the ground.
Underneath the stairs.
Yeah, in the garage.
What were the guys names?
Alice and Bruce.
Okay, see you.
129 to WIOD.
Now what's the story?
Alice and Bruce.
No, no, forget about Alice and Bruce.
Okay, I don't know.
Do you understand what that was about?
No.
I don't need that.
I don't want to.
Well, I saw him.
And I talked to him a little bit.
He wouldn't tell me what I wanted to see, but he...
He's...
He wouldn't tell you what you wanted to see.
He's...
He's called the Helosatmines.
He's large in imposing.
I said, he's large in imposing.
He's large in imposing.
Yeah, he's kind of tall.
He's tall in imposing.
Large is not...
You're not...
Your choice of words to his very carol.
Well, I'm...
These rabbis are driving me crazy today.
Quite honest.
He's tall in imposing.
Yes.
He's got a cute little butcher cut.
Very butcher.
Nice big brown eyes.
Cute.
Yeah, I didn't see him from the back, so...
That's all I could say.
That's all I can tell you.
She's disgusting, isn't she?
But I think she's got a good point.
Now, Ross will be in tomorrow.
You're going to be working...
I'm waiting for Ross, yeah.
What does that mean?
You've made such a big deal about it.
I don't know.
I think Laura, we have to have a little vote on her.
I think it's pretty...
It's sniping tuck at this point, okay?
Hmm.
See, Ross is probably better looking, but like Todd is alive.
Ross...
Now, maybe it's only because Ross has been here
such a short period of time and he's like tentative.
But he's very stiff.
No, that's not the word.
He's like...
That was a bad choice of words.
Yeah, it's kind of like a little aloof at this point.
He's elucin' up a little bit.
Hmm.
Follow my drift.
Anyway, I want to apologize if you're asking you to do something for me.
Obviously, I picked the wrong day.
And I'm sorry.
No, you'll get it.
I'll do it for you.
Don't worry.
I know you feel unwarranted and in love, but we do love you.
The pictures.
The pictures I love.
You were cussing you out in here earlier, man.
You were going nuts.
Well, then forget about it.
Yeah, listen to everything he says and take her litter later.
Oh, he wasn't cussing you out.
He was irritated.
He said, like, he never asked you for anything.
He asked you, like, is this one little thing and you're like goof off?
Well, say anything, get it for you.
There's no problem.
By the way, any liftable.
Nick asked me what ineluctable meant.
Why?
Isn't my promo for today?
Any look to me?
I didn't look at your promo.
I saw the name of the guest that was enough for me.
I'm not going to dignify that promo.
I don't want to look at it.
No.
I refuse to dignify that guest again with, I mean, how often can he keep doing that and get away with it, you know?
I don't want to interfere with this show, but God.
Yes, I do.
I mean, some of these guests have been on like 20 times this month already.
Is he talking about smoking or abortion?
Both.
Are you saying smoking is another thing?
Yeah, and a brisk.
It's 132.
What?
It's a real cute comic.
Yeah, in fact, I want you to show it to Todd and see what he has to say about it.
Get his reaction to that.
Now, show it to Todd first and see what he has to, Todd could be Jewish for all you know, okay?
And if he says he is asking for proof, 132 at WIOD.
Now, you're going to be all right.
Look at him.
He's just hysterical now.
Oh, yeah.
And I'm hysterical.
He is.
Just out of my mind.
No, it's anything.
Underneath.
I know you long enough.
He starts seething underneath.
It doesn't show on the surface, but he's like inside.
You can see the just boiling, like a teakettle.
Didn't say a word.
Like if they could drill a little hole in your head, there'd be like steam pouring out.
Tonya.
I'm the only guy I know who does nearly only guy you know.
And people just attack me incredibly.
And I just say.
That's what they all say.
They say you do nothing.
I sit.
It's 132 at WIOD.
And I want to tell you about both of us.
Wouldn't it be a lot more fun to be out on a boat on a day day, right?
Oh, kidding.
Oh, God.
Away from these pee peaks.
I get doin' boys and girls.
This is Uncle Jack Nicholson for the Rock and Roll Report.
I'm so damn pissed off at everything these days.
Can I say pissed on Rock and Roll radio?
No, you better believe I can because I'm one busy dude right now and I'll have time to do it over again.
Anyway, I'd like you to hear my story.
The three bears.
The mama bear, the daddy bear, and the baby bear who really pissed me off.
Well, forget about it.
That's all I got to say.
You're good, Gork.
Okay, it's 137 already, boy.
This is rolling along pretty good since lunch, hasn't it?
Yes, very good.
Very good day.
Oh, it has?
I think so.
Okay, just as long as you're not apoplectic.
Who's apoplectic?
You need to be developing a lot of conflicts with all these very nice people in the building.
Like April, who I thought you and April were really tied to.
And Sharon is, she's fed up with you.
She's had enough and of course Todd at this point just hates your guts.
Dave County, hello.
Neil, why'd you hang up on me, man?
On who?
I put you on hold, dingbat.
Well, it's probably a sales person's response.
All right, hold on now.
See, it's flashing.
You're on your own, babe.
I mean, you're on hold.
I have nothing to do with it.
So if you disappear, don't blame me.
Dave County, hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
What?
Neil?
What?
Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
What's going on?
Oh, geez.
Can I ask you a question?
Yeah, what?
How you doing?
Really, Rally.
What's your problem, sir?
I got a question asked about when the bitch you play, I haven't heard the Rally, there are moves a lot.
Yeah.
Is that the first album?
No.
No.
No.
No.
Is this recording, is that?
I don't remember.
Some obscure group that nobody ever heard of.
Well, it's like the fuck.
Yeah.
But, uh, because I have that, I guess, I guess I came out about 66.
What?
The fuck's first album.
Well, who cares?
I don't know.
It's from music trivia.
Okay.
Can I hang for the lightning round?
Oh, sure.
That's what you really wanted, of course.
Why did you get right to it, okay?
God, everybody has wanted to be 130.
Nobody wants to talk to us.
You want to hold, sir?
I got to kneel my ass off.
Yeah, you want to hold.
Hello.
Hello.
You want to hold?
Yeah.
Okay.
So you're not fooling me for a second.
See, get them on.
Then they panic, because they don't have anything to say.
Because when you want to do a regular call, they got like four words prepared for later on.
Now, Laura, look at that.
She looks really upset, because she heard through the grapevine that Todd has spurned her advances.
She thought she had like her pick of the crop.
So I guess tomorrow it's going to be Ross of the year only hoping.
If you don't make it with him, you're back to, um, I am shlepper there.
And we saw their numbers over there for GTRs.
I wouldn't get too, so I wouldn't buy a house on that, okay?
Broward, you want to hold?
Yeah.
Oh, no.
I want to end by Cardinal.
Oh, speaking.
This bill.
Oh, Neil.
Yeah, Bill.
This Todd.
I got news for you, Bill.
You're really as sharp as a monster ball, you know what, pal?
I know.
Okay.
Hey, does Todd have a sandy barn here?
No.
No.
Why?
No, I was watching MTV last night, and on that remote control.
Game show, game show they have.
Yeah.
And there was a guy that's in radio communications at...
Well, that leaves him out.
Yeah, um...
Now, this guy's not from you, but Todd goes to Barry.
Oh.
All right.
And if any of that are Todd, it lives with Barry.
One of the...
I'm not sure what it is.
It's...
That's possible.
Yeah.
All right, one closing.
Hmm.
Okay.
Boy.
Broward, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
You want to hold?
No.
Okay.
Hey, I'm playing the Detroit tonight.
Are you?
Yeah.
Played out of play, and, sir.
For the point, okay.
And I wanted you to give me a pick for DRC.
Pick for DRC.
Are you out of your mind?
Pick one that doesn't have all four bandages, okay?
I don't want to track, though, innit?
Yeah.
That's great.
It is.
I love those $1,500 claimers, man.
Those are the best.
Let's see what they got.
Let's see they got $1,600 allowance.
That's a big raise.
Okay.
Well, good luck to you, sir, because we've got Phil Salsman on
from a real restaurant.
Okay.
We don't have time to mess around with DRC.
all those four hundred dollar claimers okay
how are you Neil okay Phil
hi bird
bill i saw that race yesterday
you know
because carry says it was exactly just like here he says
yeah i don't know twenty lames twenty lames twenty states
yeah i see a bad rascal only got beaten by about the eighteen or nineteen
i'm not gonna tell you anything about that i said by piece about him yesterday
yeah
by the way just let me get these horses on the track for the third and then i'm
gonna give you the call
all right
the horses are entering the track for the fast-renews third race first race in the
pick six
in this race these overweights number one gold skirt one pound
gold skirt how did you miss that one
the bubble will happen
bubble
first time one forty nine the horses will be at the gate in less than eight minutes
okay back with you
and local Alca istem is runs Laura Parameski is in this race
feit can convey
i'm looking at it looks pretty good to me
Burt here we go
short direction with my
postpayment
hahaha
ok
anyway
three
week
by
Marley Frederick
right there. Second final
money statement on the outside
there. The link back food
down there comes on for us. Then it's
for Lock Green with poverty
stricken. They come down past the
eighth row and send off there on the
outside now put the head in front.
Marley's pleasure draw the inside
of second Lock Green with poverty
stricken. Final can't start the
weekend. A 16-to-month
comments through the door fair. Lock
Green's flying at him from the
outside. They come to the wire.
Three dollars. They get up the
wind if by a head. Lock Green with
poverty stricken. Final can't
start the
work. Even money would
Steve Gaffley own. Absolutely.
Well I think that speaks for
itself Phil. And at no point in the
race did he ever look like he was
going to win. Yeah. But
bird there's always tomorrow. You
got it. Right? And kneel
don't forget. If you lose your
job. I'll be there. I'll be there.
shuffle and deal. Every
hair. Okay Phil. Okay guys.
I'll trust you soon. See you tomorrow.
Five. Wow. Well that Steve
Gaffley own and even money boy. A
fool in his money are assume
part of ladies and gentlemen. It's
one forty three at WIOD. Boka
you want to hold? Oh I want to
make a couple comments about Mr.
Food. This is Mr. Puker from Boka.
You got it. Yeah. First of all
I seem better looking heads than a
cabbage patch. And at summer
soft that he's got for a nose
maybe you. Yeah. That's the way I was
feeling last night. Okay. In fact, did you ever see him
and Anne together? Not really. Well there you go.
I think a good pair I'm sure. Something to think about.
All right. Well you want to hold on don't you?
I guess so. Could we didn't hear from you
yesterday did we? No I couldn't get in.
Well hold on a minute now. I don't want to
get you to be pressed. Hold on boy. That's
the Boka Puker. We got through the whole
lightning rod yesterday. He couldn't get in.
Palm Beach. He said.
They didn't even want not only they want to go to
hold they don't want to talk at all. Broward.
Hello. Broward. Hello.
Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
This is spank. I want to talk to you. I got a spy report for you. This is spank.
Spank from Toyota Hollywood. Oh. How you doing? What do you mean you want to
hold run right now? I don't want to hold.
Oh that's what I just said. For the round. Okay. Okay.
I got a power nine six power report for you. Okay. Now don't get carried away now. Don't get
emotion. All right. All right. Okay. Yesterday the second your show goes off. I switch over.
Yeah. And Kramer switching the cocks on the radio.
And he goes. Did you hear who that was with Rob Lowe?
Neil Rogers and drag. Isn't that cute boy? I only wish.
And Cox says. Oh I want everybody to know it wasn't me that said that it was Kramer.
Yeah. Well leave it to Kramer to come up with that.
No of course. You got it. Just I you might like to know surprise no one told you. Okay. Thanks.
I just want to say Gary is the definitive douchebag. You got that right. Boy Gary of course.
See you. All right. Thank you. Bye. Wow. Wow. Crazy Kramer.
Boy I talk about the pot calling the kettle pink. 145 at WIOD. Let's see.
A six want to hold here for the lightning round. No they don't even want to speak to us.
Well what's going on out here man? You're just all over the place in the halls and on the moon.
And just everywhere what's going on? Oh I just had a little emergency.
Oh an emergency. Oh I think everything's great. Okay. Everything's perfect.
I thought maybe you were in the newsroom. Shmoosing.
I was trying to put your life back together again. Anyway boy do I have I don't have heartburn.
I've just got like what's the word for like I've eaten too much.
Because a lot of it was celery. I didn't even you think I ate that much?
No you never do. Well I wouldn't say that. I didn't really eat that much.
I had a couple of wings and I had a quarter of that sandwich. One slice.
And I had a whole lot of celery which you know ought to be okay. And I can't think of anything else.
You like this wing. Oh and I had a little bit of chili. Oh that's right. You ate that chili.
Anyway speaking of chili I bet you that over at Armadillo Cafe you're going to love that stuffed anihime.
We have a company to go.
Yeah there are a lot of people who wish that we could bring back the feeling and the ambiance of the days when that jingle was on the air.
But I just I think it's behind us you know what I mean? It sets up the lightning round real nice.
Yeah as Rob Lose said in that movie I think it's behind it.
Anyway it's 150 at WIOD. Steve has read by Meyer Kahana on again. I know I know don't don't play me now.
I have nothing to do with these. Got them on again today.
Hocking it. China about the Jews in the Arabs and the Arabs and Jews.
And why don't the Stinking Arabs at least get circumcised. It's a mess you know just a mess.
Did County hello. I like the Meyer Kahana.
Dave County hello. You're going to be watching a lot more sex.
That's what it that's what it sounds like. I know just thinking that that's exactly what it sounds like.
A Palm Beach. And here comes Northern Road.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
We got some real comedians there.
Now not to be outdone. Boka.
Steve and Mr. Fude make me puke.
Mr. Fude.
He used to be on that show with Richard Dawson.
Family boo.
Broward hello.
I'm dying my filthy home.
Oh wait a minute I got to get this car now because I just encased this might fit.
No I have an extra one in here today.
Sales people are assholes.
Ha ha ha. Just encased might be appropriate.
Yeah. Uh, Broward hello.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Dave County hello.
Dr. Neil my assholes broken and a tweet.
Shame on you. Shame on you.
That was the dog.
That was the dog.
Shame on you sir.
I didn't know he was a proctologist.
Ha ha ha ha. Dave County hello.
Alexander Oshonetski.
Joseph Romchinski.
Boris Tamisherski.
Olga Kaminsky.
Pombi.
Hello.
Dave the two spines.
Boka hello.
You make me puke.
Huh. Was that?
I don't know.
That sounded like a cross between the puke and the computer.
Oh. Maybe that was the puke or computer.
Ha ha ha.
Dave County hello.
You're making me electrocuted over here.
Thanks Doc.
Broward hello.
I want to help your baby.
Funny that's what Todd said when he came here too.
Broward hello.
Hello. W-I-O-D.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Lightning round.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Excellent call.
Excellent call.
I must commend you.
Wow.
Boy, talk about sharp as a hobble.
Dave County hello.
Near your smirker.
Clean up your rag pal.
Boka hello.
I-O-D.
Yeah.
Country, am I on?
What?
Is Neil?
Yeah.
So, I want to be on a lightning round.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Dave County hello.
Gilly the big thing.
Wow.
Broward hello.
Oh yes.
Can Steve do another ponderous four hours on whatever.
Dave County hello.
Hello lovely lady.
I title won, please.
Isn't that great.
She brought you those pictures.
See, she's got a miserable bag like you said after.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
So, how's Todd doing?
Did you check things out a little more closely now?
He's gone for the day.
Well, yeah, because lunch is over now.
We just know we just have interned.
How was it you?
We got the only one I got to hear.
53 of W-I-O-D.
There's obviously somebody who's got great musical taste.
Ha ha ha ha.
Part of that big one five in the morning ladies and gentlemen.
It sounded like bread, didn't it?
Isn't it?
Just a teeny tiny little bit as those who know what best would say.
Okay, six minutes till two.
Dave County hello.
I'm holding to pull the plug.
What?
Never mind.
Did you understand it?
Yes.
He's holding what?
To pull the plug.
And now what he said?
I'm holding to pull the plug.
Oh.
So what is the problem with that?
Yeah, I'm with a honby, cello.
Hey, now I got a tip or reload.
I'd like you to pop on a few bags.
Broward County hello.
I could have better contender.
I could have been smart.
Ha ha ha.
Was that Marlin?
Yeah, or was it George?
Yes.
It was George Marlin.
Dave County hello.
Mill Graham is a douchebag.
Broward County hello.
Yee yee yee yee yee yee.
Oh, good call.
Yeah, Rose must be just getting ready to go on the gig.
Ha ha ha.
Honby, cello.
First report on smoking.
There were more chemotherapy sessions in the lung cancer sections of...
Oh, in a way.
Yeah, just kind of faded out.
I was going to give him some good time too, because I thought maybe Steve would be listening.
Dave County hello.
Delap, delap, delap, delap, delap.
Right, Junior.
Do we have...
Oh, look at that.
Isn't that a bad incase it rains?
He'll be on like last night.
Oh, but...
That's bad.
California had in New York 734 tonight right after sports talk.
Bad weather.
Dave County hello.
Yee yee yee yee yee yee yee.
Ha ha ha ha.
Bokeh hello.
Yeah, I'm sort of economically conservative.
Dave County hello.
Dale, let's get her on a ride by a crosswalk.
Ha ha, chair.
Up the Ho Chi Minh trail.
Dave County hello.
Oh, yeah.
Broward County hello.
Word, yeah.
Ha ha ha ha.
Bokeh hello.
My name is Sigaro.
Dave County hello.
Yes, I'm like the fuck the bird.
Ha ha ha ha.
Broward hello.
Hello, down the bus.
Good to keep a straight face.
Good to you, Alison.
If you say Alan Bessini, you'll crack up too.
Dave County hello.
Word, you're a dwee.
Ha ha ha ha.
That was, don't you?
That was the dwee, lady.
Ha ha ha ha.
Dave County hello.
The met fuck.
God it, baby.
You got it.
Bokeh hello.
Okay, Robin Bruce.
Work with me.
Work, Lucy.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh, boy.
Broward hello.
I don't mean you.
How can you say that, Dave?
Dave County hello.
We'll see who you go again.
Ha ha ha ha.
Bokeh hello.
Bokeh hello.
Bokeh hello.
Bokeh hello.
Bokeh hello.
Bokeh hello.
Bokeh hello.
Bokeh hello.
That's not doing the saints puns in enlightening rounds of junk.
Pave calo.
Sunflower and neon.
Father, something to be said about that.
Dead County hello.
Why are we parking a driveway?
cies, cleaning.
Dead County hello.
Your name Bob and Neil or is that what you do?
Broward County hello.
Who's got buddy?
Ha ha ha.
Pave calo.
Yeah,ialot 22 Dubai Port.
Be factioner, speeding food on the air.
Hmm, speechless.
Dave County, hello.
Hello, Neil. Can I put you a muffin?
Boca, hello.
Neil, I need to order some of those diapers.
Ha, ha, ha.
It's not just like Spikewise,
and he must have finally seen that trend, huh?
Dave County, hello.
This morning, probably we played Hold Your Head up
by Archen Provocator.
Ha, ha, ha.
Boca, hello.
That was Stan Jr.
Ha, ha, ha.
There's the little tiny piece there.
Dave County, hello.
This is the fake barber cap.
Broward County, hello.
Neil, I'm an amphole.
Yes, sir.
Dave County, hello.
Hey, hey. Don't send them money on one place.
Boca, hello.
They're all doctors.
Drop some service.
Yeah, the sellers are doing it.
Bigger to play off, sorry, thing?
Really? No, they got limited.
We got a month ago.
Broward County.
Dreamwetter.
Ha, ha, ha.
Why bet you we brought him back a lot of good memories, don't you?
Yeah. Dave County, hello.
I heard he rinsed out his old cap
and may bring it back to you after hearing that card.
Boca, hello.
Boca.
Hit the...
Hit one card.
Well, that backup card you got.
Oh, sales people are assholes.
That's how you're right.
It was for Boca.
It was for Boca.
Palm Beach, hello.
You're as bad as you want to be, baby.
Dave County, hello.
Delfty, Northern Wolf, a Zalpo, and Elmer.
Broward County, hello.
Hello, this is Brad.
Ha, ha, ha.
Excellent.
Dave County, hello.
Mr. Bio, that much.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Palm Beach.
Why don't you go to Porto Buibeard, but let's say that I did, okay?
Ha, ha, ha.
Was that Alice? Yeah.
Wow, haven't heard that voice in ages.
And nobody ever had any, nobody else has ever heard it.
Broward, hello.
Hello, Neal.
Dave County, hello.
I'm dying over here.
Last but not least from our favorite line, Boca.
He said, I'd like to get Rob Lovato.
Oh, was that, that was weak.
We usually go out with a big flourish.
Oh, I will say that it's probably he was honest.
Well, that's going to do it here on a terrific Wednesday.
The food was sensational.
The company was tremendous.
The ambiance was mediocre.
The calls, well, nothing ever changes.
Does it? No.
Okay, Steve speaking of nothing ever changes has rabbi Mayer,
Kahana on again for the 400th time this year.
Talking about brisses for Arab babies.
And we'll see you tomorrow morning at 10 here on 610-WIOD.
