the weekend and we said maybe you'd like to get an honest job and stop trying to buy a pick
of the poach as they say. And after he gave Boy Gary a poke in the eye he said,
that's pretty cute. Why don't you come in and do Steve show on Thursday and he said,
but I never did a radio show. The guy worked in Orlando I guess, huh?
Yeah. And he's going to be talking about two really exciting topics today. The
scuttling of the Eastern sale. Now what I don't, um, nobody knows who he is. There's a
no. I'm not joking about Nick wants to know we don't know. Either Boy Gary don't know who he is.
But he's breathing. Okay. See that in this market. If you're breathing that's about it. You
can be on the air. You can have your own show by probably by next Monday. You'll have like
replacing brush pink bag. And then from four to six he's going to have the ban on assault rifles
which this gun control we haven't heard about that in the least two or three days.
State Senator Howard Foreman and Bennett Greenberg of shooters in Poryham. How's the
skyline named Greenberg selling guns? He must be importing oozees from the Israelis or something.
What's that all about? Okay. Twenty past eleven we got a call in a mobile in Broward. Hello.
Neil, good morning. Yes, sir. Are you aware of who's in first place in a national
league this morning? Nationally east. How about the cups? Well, we're tired. Well, what do you mean?
Do you think I don't know? Five and a row, my friend. No. I would love to be though. That's
part of my vacation when I have just a week in July or August to this. I'm going to go up to
Riggley Field. It is absolutely a fabulous place to see a ballgame. You know, being from New York
and living near Episfield, we used to go there all the time and watch the boys of summer.
And as a result of all these football parks that they've opened up over the years when you get
to a place like Riggley and watch a ballgame. It's an absolute delight. Yeah, these other places are
really sterile. Have you ever have you watched any games from Montreal from that old, is it
Olympia, Stadium, Olympic Stadium, whatever they call it? Not this year. It is the most sterile
looking place. It looks like it was made out of a cookie cutter or something. It has no personality
at all. I hear you. And they got and they got a retractable roof on that stadium and the great
part of it is once they got it built, they don't know how to get the roof back. They don't know
how to slide it back. Yeah, it's four days in July when it gets warm in Montreal. Incidentally,
the people over at La Tavina are really annoyed at you because the evidence you're on your
doochers systems diet. You don't go in there anymore to eat. Well, I don't go anywhere else to eat
either. I'd listen. Tell them if I'm, you know, if I have a stroke and I'm in the ground,
I won't be eating too many meals there either. So tell them just to relax. Everything will be just fine.
In fact, they even told me they're going to take your picture off the wall.
No, they won't. I know better than that. Tell them to have a good day.
Okay, bye-bye.
21 past 11 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward at 524 WIOD.
The cup's stuck.
And should we take one more before the break from Hollywood? Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi. How are you doing?
Great.
Listen, I just want to know, does anybody know off there if they're going to be
televising Robbie Keneble's jump tomorrow night?
Well, I know that I'm going to get it on the satellite, but I'd say pay-per-view thing.
Maybe I won't get it. Maybe it'll be one of those real scrambled. I don't know,
but it's pay-per-view, so you're not going to get it on your regular cable.
Okay, I guess you're in.
Now, what do you think about that? I've been watching all the previews for it.
I'm a little nervous myself, you know.
I am too. I don't have good feelings about that.
Don't you think some of these people are a little nuts?
I mean, I know there's a lot of money. How much is it?
I'm not sure. I don't even know the amount.
In the millions. I forget how many million, but even so.
I just followed it's father's jump.
Yeah.
Just interested in it.
Okay, well, I'll tell you what, maybe I'll tape it.
Okay.
And then I can describe it to you.
And if it doesn't turn out good, then I'll just forget about it, you know.
I guess we'll all hear it then.
Yeah. Then you'll probably see it 400 times on the news.
You know, slow motion, freeze frame, you know.
Really? Oh, and another thing, oh gosh.
That place up there, how 41 by the Honda Place, where you eat?
Oh, God.
Char-hut.
Yeah, they don't have the onion rings up here.
Are you serious?
Yeah, we went in there the other night to get some and they do not have them.
Well, you better tell them to get on the stick, because the onion rings at all the other
char-huts are the best in the world.
So tell them to get with it.
Okay.
We're going to work on it.
Okay.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, have you seen the previews for that thing?
For the jump?
I've seen some a little bit on it.
A whole little bit on it.
See, if you want to do something unique, you can go like to Hylia
and take a few thousand and plunge his brains out, then Phil will
escort him up to the roof and he can jump from there.
And then if things don't work out, they can like bury him right on the finish line.
No, I don't like those things either.
They make me, they, you gotta be nuts.
You gotta be crazy to do that stuff.
How much is he getting for it?
I don't know.
I really don't.
Something to think about.
What is that?
A caller wants my view on
Lama Darian?
What is that?
Lama Darian.
What race is he in?
La
Madrian restaurant.
I never heard of it, did you?
Mandarin.
Not Mandarin.
The Mandarin restaurant?
Which one?
The one in the grove?
There's one of them now, not in a grove.
That's one in Miami that's supposed to be tremendous.
What's it called?
The Mandarin Garden?
Mandarin Garden?
So I know that in Giro.
Now we're gonna get all kind of choose.
There's one called the Mandarin something, which is supposed to be one of the greatest Chinese.
Yeah, the one in the grove is one of the best Chinese
out of the best Chinese.
Outside of Pokipsi.
Yeah, best Chinese restaurant I've ever eaten.
Mandarin Garden.
Well, if that's the one they're talking about.
Yeah, we'll get that straightened out.
In the meantime, isn't it amazing the way we just fall into these, like fallen off a rock?
Amazing.
Falling off a couple.
The Andrias for tremendous gourmet Italian food down there in South
Dade at 8800 Miller Road just west of Galawaian.
Boy, it is better than words can describe it for you.
A huge menu with just loads and loads of entrees.
In fact, it'd probably take me a half an hour to go through all the entrees on this menu.
In fact, that'll be a good way to kill a half hour.
Great pasta dishes of every kind of pasta, including some you've never even heard of before.
And fish and all kinds of other seafood.
Delicious, veal dishes.
Boy, they got a whole column almost of baby cow and chicken dishes and lots, lots more delicious
homemade soups.
Everything is homemade.
Everything is as fresh as the fallen snow and it is delicious.
The atmosphere is great.
They've got that big beautiful banquet room.
If you've got something special coming up.
So if you want a great lunch or dinner and I mean really the very, very finest in northern
and southern Italian cooking, this is the place to find it.
De Andrias, 8800 Miller Road.
They're open 11.30 in the morning till 11 at night during the week Monday through Friday.
And then for dinner only on the weekends, but they're open late Saturday and Sunday 6 pm to 1am.
You tell them Neil sent you by to De Andrias.
When the skies began to dim and the air became thick, thousands of South Floridians turned to
News Talk Radio 610 for the answer.
The plot of forestry.
I'd have probably needed help that the National Guard would be able to provide it.
Our new center went into action, covering the story and letting you know what
to do.
We're advising people to keep their air conditioners on and their windows closed.
And 610 WIOD meteorologist Bob Soeper provided frequent weather and surface condition
updates until the smoke passed.
Northeast winds should keep that smoke back inland.
Today I'll have the complete way.
There's something happening in South Florida.
Turn to the station that gives you the story first.
Depend on it.
News Talk Radio 610 WIOD.
Now, more with Neil Rogers.
On News Talk Radio 610 WIOD.
Is that the neighbors can I see up ahead in the wash of a corner street light?
I'm not aiming.
They just never see me coming.
And I guess that's why they say every car has a hole.
And I wonder if possible.
Some ever more.
Just like every roadkill leaves us a little far more.
Every car has a hole.
And I wonder if possible.
Oh.
Oh, back already.
Well, anybody, somebody called and said that Robby Kneeville's jump will be carried
live by ESPN from Vegas.
I don't believe that because it's pay per view.
And nobody in their right mind would pay for it because almost everybody's got ESPN.
It's got cable, right?
Everyone.
But anyway, we'll get it straight now.
It's only Thursday, right?
That's tomorrow night.
We've got plenty of time.
Open line is in the Palm Beach, which shocks the hell.
By the way, I left one show out today.
In fact, it could be on what time is she on here, Sally?
I could have just ended.
Oh, I mean, Sally just drunk in drivers meet their victims.
That ought to be a good one.
Okay, here's a mobile in Broward.
Hello.
Okay, well, that's just town for you.
Nobody's anywhere.
That was kind of cute.
Now, that's one of the very few times that's ever worked.
Yeah, right?
And I like that.
Yeah, that captain Dave's got a good sense of humor.
And it's about time he had a chance to use it again.
We have an open line in Broward 524 WIOD.
And Palm Beach is still a little dormant because they're all getting ready.
You know what it's for, don't you?
Oh, yeah.
The big 12 to three hours.
Apoplectic.
They're all out there trying to get their windows open.
Unbelievable.
You know how sometimes if you don't open your windows for many months,
they get stuck and it's hard to get them open.
Well, they're all trying to crank those windows open now.
Because it's free radio from noon to three in Palm Beach County.
The Lee Fowler Show.
You know what I mean?
What do you think?
Well, it's nice to be able to talk a little bit again.
You know, you're able to get them in a while.
And my dog's better take note of that too.
That means the Bop-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up.
It's just like the...
Yeah, Jennifer was in here this morning.
So I was practicing my Bop-up-up on him this morning.
North Miami Beach. Hello.
Oh, boy. Now we're going to have water.
We're going to have a flurry of these now.
Oh, boy.
There's somebody there.
And the phone is like dangling.
Let's put them on hold because that sounds pretty mysterious.
Del Ray, hello.
Hello?
Yeah.
Daniel Ivey, a radio type of question for you.
I was spending a couple days in West Coast.
And there's the station and Tampa call,
Emily M&F.
And it's surprised.
Well, wait a minute.
Called WMNF.
MNS.
MNS.
It's 88.5.
88.5.
That's down there with like those pubic stations.
It must be a pubic station.
No, it's surprising because
I mean, they say everything.
I mean, it's like at the night shows,
whatever, like after 10 o'clock.
Yeah.
They just cool.
They say everything.
Well, it must be, we gotta be.
It's gotta be a public station.
Yeah.
It's more.
It's a lot of a lot of public access station.
So yeah, somewhere it's like DNA.
Yeah, you didn't hear any commercials on it.
No, it's not a commercial station now.
But it's like a lot of rap and stuff like that.
Yeah.
Yeah, but they did go on and on.
But say, I mean, that's right there.
I want to make it.
I mean, they almost go in in detail.
Well, you see, that's the hypocrisy of the FCC.
Is that like if it's like on television,
if something's on PBS and they say it's a national
geographic special,
they can show all these naked people running around
and all these body parts and all these women
with these gigantic breasts,
then it's okay.
You know, if it's under the guise of PBS.
But if it's on the network and they did that,
then all of a sudden they have an nervous breakdown.
So it's all the crap.
It's a, they were, even the people call in.
I mean, the,
call on for requests of seven,
they just, they just allow them to say,
whatever they want.
Really?
Well, I think we'll try that for a day or two.
For an hour or two.
For like two or three minutes, okay?
It's 11.33 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Bokinau.
How come I hung up on him?
I don't know.
Well, he was finished, wasn't he?
Thank you.
I think so. He is now 278 WIOD.
278 9463.
That could be part of our whole new format.
Is just whenever the mood strikes me.
Like even if you're in the middle of the sentence,
I'll just reach over and disconnect you, okay?
Not for any particular reason.
I'll make it a little more exciting.
Anyway, so we're going to be playing music on the show.
Now some of the people, even on Zeta,
which was supposedly a music station,
although you could have fooled me.
But even on Zeta, there were people,
ah, geez, wait, if we want to hear music,
we turn on her and her and her and her and her and we turn on this one.
I'm sorry, folks,
but I like playing music on ear.
I don't care what I like it.
Plus, it kills a lot of good time.
But I enjoy it.
It's part of a show like this.
It's like, you know, a pointless show,
and we play some pointless music,
and it all fits in together.
Okay.
So I'm just warning them in advance that that's going to start.
And I'm going to like the Brian Wilson thing.
Do you remember the guy called a couple of days ago
and was saying, were you really serious when you pull?
Oh, now we're going to have a real problem.
Okay, just dawned on me.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Yeah.
See, we didn't have, well, we did have a problem over there too.
It was Captain Dave.
He never liked the music that I played and always wanted to play that
crap that he liked.
And we're going to have the same thing with Nick here.
He's going to be giving us a critique.
Oh, this is going to be exciting.
Because he don't like anything.
Okay, and we're not going to be playing that crap that he likes
to purple ice puppy, whatever it is.
So we got some real, real heavy-duty days coming up soon.
This is going to be exciting.
So we'll probably play it real low.
Okay, so we can't hear it.
26th till noon at WIOD.
Boka is open and also one in date I noticed just now
out of the corner of my eye at 751 WIOD.
This week, Poppano Harness is hosting the greatest week of racing so far
during the 1989 Harness Racing season.
It's Floridian pace week at Poppano with great stakes racing right
through Saturday night.
Tonight, Poppano features the $50,000 Florida Breeder
stake for three-year-old Trotters.
Friday night, the world's best amateur Harness drivers take the track,
Gianna Yeager, who made history as the co-pilot of the nonstop
around the world flight of the Voyager.
Is that right, Gianna?
Uh-huh.
Gina?
I think it's Gianna.
Gina?
Gina.
Well, spell it right, Gina.
Okay.
We'll make her Poppano Harness debut driving in the Billings Amateur Trot
and then on Saturday night, it's the biggest race for three-year-old
Pacers of the year, so far, the $117,000 Floridian pace
and the field is led by World Champion Rocky Bullguard,
who last year became the fastest two-year-old Pacer in history.
And at Poppano Harness, you have even more ways to win because you could win
that brand-new Gary Fronrath Chevrolet-I-Rock Z Camaro
in the nightly Pick 7 contest.
I think somebody picked five or six last night.
I saw Gary Saibel on the cable, but they didn't win the car,
so it's still up for grabs.
And you could win a 25-inch remote color TV in the drawing every night.
No purchase necessary to enter, complete details available at the track.
Don't forget, bring the kids because children 17 and under are admitted,
free to the grandstand with a parent.
Harness racing nightly Monday through Saturday 7.30 p.m. at Poppano Park.
More with Neil Rogers on New Start Radio 610, WI-O-D.
Whatever you say, 11.37 at WI-O-D.
Let me do this for you.
We got seven, a Robbie Caneval information of five.
Hello?
Neil!
Yeah.
Long time, listener, first time car.
Great.
How are you doing, buddy?
OK, pal.
Listen, he, uh, Robbie's going to get, uh, he gets 250,000 cash,
plus he gets a lot of, uh, the, uh, television promotion,
you know, cash from the television people.
I thought it was in a millions.
No, uh, it's only 250,000.
Well, he's out of his mind and he's nuts.
Well, actually, he's going to make it.
He's, uh, I, I know him personally from another friend of mine,
and I was talking with him last night,
and they're real confident that he's going to make it.
You know, his father used to jump to his Harley,
and that's what the problem was there.
All right, so he's jumping the, uh, fountains at Caesar's,
is that what it is?
Yeah, he's going to jump to, uh, found Caesar's on Friday,
and he is going to jump a dirt bike,
different than a Harley, which is father crash on.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, uh, just thought I let you guys know that,
he's got a million dollar life insurance policy
for Lloyd's London the other day.
And that's about it.
Incredible.
Now, it's not going to be on ESPN, is it?
No, it's a pay cable.
Yeah, it's a pay thing.
Whoever said that was, that was swishful thinking, I think.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks a lot.
I know.
Good luck.
Okay, because I think he's going to need it.
21 till noon at WIOD,
we have an open light in Broward at 524-9463,
and both the Palm Beach lines are open and ready and willing.
He's going to jump over mountains.
The mountains at Caesar's out in front.
They have the right, right, right, phones.
And see, this sounds terrible for me to say this,
but if God forbid, it doesn't work out,
then they're just kind of like, flush it down, you know.
That's terrible.
I shouldn't have said that, but it's true.
We wish him the best.
Yeah, but just in case,
I mean, see if there's a mess in the fountain,
you know, just flush it out.
Well, God.
He's nuts, you know, he's nuts.
Well, he is nuts for that.
I mean, I thought he was going for millions for 250,000
to put his stinkin' life on a line as he out of his mind.
Is he crazy?
That guy who just called, you should call him up now,
tell him, change his mind before it's too late.
Yeah, he's nuts.
He should talk to Bill Wise.
Maybe they have a job for him over at GTR next story.
What do you mean Rick Edwards on a hotline?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Is that a joke?
Big joke.
This has got to be a joke.
Hello.
Yeah, hey, I want you to hear something.
I just got in.
Listen to this.
Tell me something really new to add to my studio.
Your morning show.
Presenting crazy jingles.
101 in San,
works to mayhem created by highly trained
skilled professional singers,
musicians and technicians.
Who couldn't find real jobs?
He was on just like drop-ins and you'll
sound like a million.
Fortunately, we're only charging $99.95.
That's cheap.
Hello, it's 602.
Why am I here?
Here's Michael Jackson.
So I got the engineer on the phone.
He's on the bro.
Danny Bradman.
Here's Michael Jackson.
Good morning, 613 down on a free $100 bill coming up
before 7 o'clock.
Let's go to the phones.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good question for you.
Oh, yeah.
The guy who works in a bar with a pig on his shoulder.
What does the bartender say?
Thank you.
Go on it.
Go on it.
Go on.
Thank you.
Okay.
I know there's stupid calls.
Yeah.
I like that a lot.
Those are cute.
Yeah.
And it's cute.
Thanks a lot, Rick.
Rick can work.
Oh, boy.
Now this fits in right.
It's amazing how these things often
and I haven't.
Oh, you got a cart there.
I haven't made a request while you were not feeling well.
I never bugged.
By the way, we do have a disciple from the Rick Edward School
of Engineering in the building.
I just thought I'd mention it.
But this fits right in.
You have Ricky Tickley?
You have him?
Oh, by the way, I should mention.
Oh, yeah.
You know what?
It's funny.
He should probably play this to them.
Yeah.
I don't know why, but you know, that's something
a psychic thing again.
Way to chief out.
Well, but, um,
what was it just because?
Oh, well, when we get the CD player going here tomorrow
or Monday,
Ricky Tickley will be able to talk up again.
That's right.
Because we got two separate pots.
Holy toly.
Now, when we first came here,
we didn't have a pot to kiss him.
It's this big.
But now we got like separate pots
for the car machine and a CD player
so we can make a new talk up.
So all of it's Ricky.
We might do a show one day
where he talks up just hundreds of records, okay?
I'd like it.
God, that would be something.
Are you going to be playing some CDs
by the Beatles?
How about To-To-Oh?
Cool.
We'll waxing.
Try to control yourself.
Now just,
well, that sounds like you're losing it.
He's a piece of work.
And well, he's a piece of something.
Make no mistake about that.
Oh, I told you on the year.
I'll off the year yesterday,
but I'll mention on here,
they're running a promo on waxing now
where they, you know,
used to be they were like above it.
They would never talk about any other station
in the market.
They were above all of that.
And then I told you a couple of months ago,
he was playing,
do you believe in magic?
And he said, that's magic with the G.
It was like magic 102 spelsers with a J.
That was his feeble attempt to strike back
because they're kicking a crap out of waxy.
And the other day, they come up with a promo
and they played you believe in magic
and then they blow it up.
They have that exploding blow it up sound.
And he makes some kind of cost to comment about,
you know, magic sucks or whatever,
something like that.
Something subtle as only he could do it.
Oh, here's the call in Boca.
They want me to change my attitude.
This ought to be great.
Hello?
No, that's not it.
Oh, because what you said was so sincere.
If you would play it back, you said God's Forbidden.
You said it's very sincerely.
I'm not criticizing.
And just commenting.
I was surprised being able to say that.
No, wasn't it a matter of speech?
You know, all you people are believing fairy tales.
No, no, no, no.
You love the seas upon those opportunities.
No, I'm not criticizing them.
Not at all.
Well, what does that mean, though?
But if you would hear your voice,
you said it's so sincere.
Well, of course, we don't want to see anybody get hurt.
Do you?
No, no.
The way you said God's Forbidden,
that's what I meant.
What does it mean?
Well, God is God accepted by every,
but not God is accepted.
Oh, lady, listen, listen,
it's almost time for your daily animal.
Okay, get out of here.
You believe that?
Why are we talking to old blue hairs today?
Well, she was good.
You had a point.
She was, I am.
That's our quota for this month.
Okay, I don't want to talk to anybody over the age of 10.
It's 1144 at WIO.
Do we have an opening in Boca?
Giant opening in Boca,
where she just stuck the tube.
278-946-3.
278-WIO.
Look at that.
Laura's eating in there.
Scott encased your listening.
That's so.
Well, she's a little frustrated.
Marvin hasn't been here for a couple of weeks now.
She's turning to food now.
She's going to blow up like the good year of blimp.
Now, Scott, that must indicate to me that Scott
just isn't taking proper care of our Laura, right?
See if you were taking care of all of her needs.
She wouldn't be frustrated and eating like a pig in the other room.
Now, look at that.
She's picking it up, eating off the table.
Am I exaggerating?
Well.
That is shocking.
So, Scott, you just don't have it, baby.
Okay?
There's only one way to sum up your personality.
Okay, let's go to Orlando.
Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
Hey, this is Joe and Orlando.
How you doing, Joe?
Hi.
I've been driving.
How come you're screaming, Joe?
Oh, it's because the car's all right.
I'll talk quieter.
Okay.
We've been driving home from Arizona.
You're the first station from Miami.
We've picked up except for Lee Fowler and Texas.
But we didn't have the radio.
Yeah, he's everywhere, man.
He's like a disease.
He's all over the place.
Yeah, and that last call you had from Boko?
She's some damn blue hair.
Isn't that incredible?
It is.
You know, God forbid she should call back again.
Yeah.
I mean, you said it's how convincing, right?
It's like, Neil, you bastard.
What are you doing?
Yeah, exactly.
Well, listen, it sounds like you're having a great trip.
Hey, it's been a lot of fun.
But, you know, I missed.
I've been out at school for the last couple months.
I just missed talking here in the owner radio.
What do you mean you've been out of school?
Like, just you just took off?
Yeah, well, I got stuck and I had a drop out for the semester.
Oh, I see.
So you figured you just take off and screw around a little bit.
Yeah, lay out at the beach for the next few months.
Yeah, that sounds good to me.
All right, Neil, thanks.
Okay, you have a safe trip now.
All right.
Bye.
Wow.
We're getting them from everywhere today.
Orlando.
What was that other one?
Moose jaw?
Mayo.
Mayo.
Yeah, we had to call from Mayo, Florida,
in the first hour from our, I don't want to say jail,
but that's a terrible thing.
Well, he is a jail, but he's a nice guy.
He ran over three nuns in a street over here in West Palm.
Now, I don't know what he did.
He never told us.
I didn't want to ask.
It couldn't have been anything too bad.
He's only in for a couple of years.
It's 14 till noon at WIOD.
And I want to tell you again about,
oh, we got a new piece of copy here.
We're going to.
