They started to tattoo her on the air and about a third of the way through they ran out.
Is she like a monster in the business?
She's a giant in the industry sir.
Have a great day.
Okay, they're all stealing my lines, you know what I'm saying?
142 at WID.
Maybe Kevin will call back tomorrow.
Maybe we don't usually.
I like to discourage chronic.
Although he is no Mr. Tremor, I'll say that.
But maybe Kevin can call in every day this week because it is the beginning of the Dauphin Exhibition season.
Big game divided case you didn't hear the promo is 40 times the top.
And we kind of get an update on how things are doing in a locker room, okay?
That's a good idea.
Yeah, actually.
I mean, you know, these sports people, they think they got the whole thing all locked up by themselves here.
We're part of the WID family.
We're a family, so the spirit of the Dauphin Exhibition is right there.
And we ought to get in a little of the action too.
Here's a mobile and date. Hello.
Hey Neal, how you doing?
Great.
Hey my buddy's down from Chicago and I was telling about your promo you have with a thick and freeway.
He's just, I try to explain it to him.
I don't know if you don't...
What do you want to draw a diagram?
Well, I always wonder if you could play.
I know you don't do that, but could you play it?
Or did you just like kind of drop the coast in the living room?
Yeah.
No, I got it in the machine right now, you know why?
Why?
Because it'll kill about two minutes.
When you're under the weather, man, anything that'll kill a little time, you know?
Oh, okay, but I appreciate if you play it.
Your buddies from Chicago?
Yeah, right.
You look right behind Riggly Field.
So he's a big cubs fan, huh?
Yeah.
I guess he is, you know.
But I don't, I don't mess with him myself, though.
Oh, geez.
Well, listen, you guys had a great weekend.
Hey, thanks a lot.
But you're still in third place, you know?
Yeah.
What can I say?
Okay, well tell him to crank it up and the mind is on business.
Hey, thanks a lot.
See you later.
Bye-bye.
Okay, this is for all our great friends from Chicago and those who aren't.
Turned about.
Rad House, doubt.
Listen.
Shenz is on.
Hi.
Hello.
What are you doing, huh?
I'll say.
You come here often, pardon me?
Have you been here before?
No, first time.
What's your name?
Freeway.
Freeway, that's nice.
Let me speak it.
Please, do you speak it?
I'm here.
You are here to get a cleaner.
Oh, I don't know.
You work around here?
I'm a waiter, but Ashley, I'm an actor, you know.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I know.
What's the top of it?
You probably need to rely on me.
But, you know, with everything that's in the news and all, it's just, hey, you can start relaxing right now, freeway.
I brought something.
Ooh, she, huh?
And freeway.
Not just any she either.
Look.
Wow, gold lame.
Yay.
Pretty geeky condom, but here's the most important part, freeway, from the ProTech label.
ProTech, huh?
Aren't those indoors by the City Council of San Francisco?
Absolutely.
You know the ProTech slogan, don't you?
I sure do.
Certified, safe by the City by the Bay.
Well, what do you say?
Darn, look at that.
I dropped this soap again.
I'll get it.
You bet your life he will.
And with confidence.
Because freeway and spick had have condoms.
Don't let worry, spoil those chance meetings in public showers.
Always carry ProTech.
PROTC.
TMI-3S-MB.
PROTC.
TPP.
TPP.
Bend down with no apology.
Don't doubt.
Know what it's all about.
The ProTech's cheap.
So they won't send you a free ProTech condoms.
I'll division a black flag house in Garden Pets and Gold Division.
Keep in situation safe since 1887.
You're a bastard.
Okay, 146.
A WI.
I'm going to tell you about Low Jack right now.
He's I think the timing could be weak.
You know what I'm saying?
Why?
After hearing that?
Oh, seriously.
Well, a lot of these people in the audience
get all these different product-infused.
No, Low Jack is to protect your vehicle, okay?
Which is your second biggest investment after your house.
And a lot of us have cars that like mean a lot to us, okay?
Like my super sitting outside.
I don't want some Jack ass running into my car when I'm coming to work in the morning.
Some wild man out there who's irresponsible using his car like some kind of a demolition
Derby weapon.
You know what I'm saying?
But the bottom line is if somebody steals your car more likely than not,
you're never going to see it again or if they do finally find it,
you probably have a couple of wheels and a steering wheel and not much left.
Unless you have Low Jack protection.
It's an amazing device.
People are getting it like crazy all over the place because it really does work.
And here's how it works.
It's a small radio transmitter that they hide in your car truck.
And if your car is stolen, police automatically activate the transmitter.
And it begins sending out a homing signal that they can home in zero in on in just a matter of minutes.
The average time of recovering the vehicle with Low Jack is about 30 minutes.
And not only do they almost always get the car back, but very often they catch the thieves as well while they're still in the vehicle.
Low Jack is guaranteed and it can be installed by bonded technicians at your home or office in just a matter of minutes.
And when you call for all the information, be sure to ask about a 25% discount
on your comprehensive insurance when you have Low Jack protection.
You just can't afford not to have this, especially if you've got a car that's worth something to you.
And that's most of you I'm sure.
Here's the toll free number.
There's no obligation.
Call right now.
Get the information.
Call 1-800-33-Found.
That's 1-800-333-68-63 and ask about Low Jack.
10-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
Inferno T
Yes.
Yes.
I like that.
pt
WV
Yeah.
Does everybody have chaff and baton in theinhaapbluey?
the cup got the hitter that's right they come from the what you are
all you know i grew up in Chicago uh...
well i'm telling you they're doing it if only we could get Dawson hitting man
Dawson's like an impediment to progress every time it comes to the plate
all you know it's a double place strikes out or pops out with runners on third
base
but we're still scoring a ton of runs you can't win every day we're still two and
half ahead
and you know it's all i care about as long as you're still in first place
everybody else can talk a big game but they still have to pass you
that's right as long as we keep it near where there's no stop long as ryan
oak he's sitting in the sandberg and grace grace had three hits again yesterday
they're doing it
alright and you're home
twenty four games in a row you got it
okay had your palies full of crap okay
see you
what fifty two a double nine i'd like to see the Indians do well the Indians
uh... last that i remember that they were in the uh... series nineteen fifty
four
when he said in american league record they want a hundred eleven games that
year they were big favorite in the series in the giant's beat him in four
straight
you remember that don't you the new york giant the new york giant
and dusty roads and not the rest of the baseball player at all those little
pop lie homeruns in the polo grounds
oh that's the wrestler same guy i just a little over now
oh man
of course the the cubs haven't uh... been in the world series since nineteen
forty five and they haven't
they have it no way to make it
yeah nineteen forty five last time they won a series was nineteen oh eight i think
it's eighty one years
now you understand why there's all this history and frenzy man so long long
drought in historically it would make it directly yeah make sense
anyway here's the plantation speaking of hysterical
hey you know yeah what's up how you doing bud
oh pretty good
okay first of all i'm from chicago and i love the bear
and i like the cup well as in fifty percent isn't bad you know
oh yeah but
but there is a okay it's just that they got to uh... find a place for
jimic man like a rest home
yeah
forget the man possible
yeah i don't think he's got a he's got a hang the old man he can't play you know
he times that
but okay the cubs
i've been with the cubs
i'm a remember i'm a member of the game
when there's no other than you to buy the real cheap cc to go all the way to
the front
uh... of the dugout yeah
i've been there for a long time and i got to buy the expensive cc go all the way
to the back
that's true
you ever hear the one what what what are the real cubs and
go ahead sir
like a real couple and ninety percent scar tissue
that's cute
but um...
i want to get to uh...
hyped up about it
not a hyped up it's just a great year that's all i mean i don't know if it's
been exciting i love it you know
they've had other great years but they have a ten to the choke well yeah but
usually if they're gonna choke it's a little july june
july will not they're not choking matter how does it pistol okay
i wouldn't put now listen don't be so negative all right
only put me down so many so many times i understand but they're going to
shock the hell out of this year all right
but i'm at work for the make this short well to nice talk you know like your
show okay love your enthusiasm
c later
okay but what up you know
that guy's been living here too long
that's what it is mister sour push you know mister negative for this town is
so negative you know
you know who should be living here in the effect i'm sure they are probably
at the cemetery village
is the winers remember Fred and Gloria winers
i want to macaroni and she's remember them oh god they're perfect for this
town you know right a bunch of winers and is don't want to be optimistic okay
have a big smile on your face even though it is a horrible place and the
people are a bunch of at morons i want to say that's all
that would have been terrible wouldn't it yeah well you wouldn't have said
now we don't want to tell too much truth of the public are going to finally
start catching on to what this area is all about we don't want to
excitement like Vegas or or why kiki or any of that stuff do we
huh god or even like Orlando we don't want to have a whole bunch of tourists
here again messing things up for us and all that heavy traffic and
we'd like a nice and quiet and peaceful okay dead dead is the operative word
oh and who the hell was telling me about the new thing in four-larter day what
the hell was it about the brown shirts how they're
like lining up on a one a on either side with all the police cars
so that people aren't cruising the strip you know oh it just i think norm can't
was telling me about that really uh during one of his pseudo radio show
yes the brown shirts up there are just going nuts
and pretty soon we're gonna have all those wonderful people sitting in
uh nor i see i call it north beach we got south beach on my amy beach
and for a lottery which used to be a lot of fun now it's north beach it's just
like south beach a little further north and it'll be sitting out there in their
rocking chairs staring at the sidewalk looking at the other hundred-year-old people with
their walkers crossing a one a very slowly and very carefully then we'll have to pass
an ordinance about not not having open containers of prune juice while you're
crossing a one a okay and we just kind of sit back and bob cocks can sit there
with them on the porch rocking back and forth with his 1948 hair cut just uh
oh god men are killing this town and you and the thing of it is you people don't
hear that's what i don't understand they don't do they
they don't care they just keep moving out like i mean like a lot of you live in
places like plantation and tendle like us
you got to be ashamed of yourself you think you can move away from the
problem you can't do that
in fact if i were you i'd move like right on the stay road 84 allicon
construction is show us a little bit of courage and a little bit of guts okay
i'll pass whoa and then we can all join in with a seven-hole Indians okay to open up a
big gambling casino we can have casino gambling
and barber caponman can write up and down Collins Avenue in ocean drive screaming
the Indians are coming the Indian that can't you see it now with their art deco
oh god i can see i can see barber writing an art deco horse a pink and green horse up and down
Collins Avenue the Indians are coming way phasemar but anyway it's great being down here because
you know we could all be in an area where you have a lot of fun and a lot of tourist and the economy
was booming and it was really a swing and great open place it's much more fun being in a repressive
area like this it feels like you're in some kind of a concentration camp you know and then we have
you know the data look forward to when we all get out won't that be great oh yeah when we
can get rescued by all those great Americans from like Atlanta and the South Carolina anyway
that i have no idea what i'm talking about because i got this flu and even though it's going away
it's like hanging on something appears you're babbling yeah i'm babbling yes you are babbling and
i like it you know i like sitting here babbling in fact i might not let the news come on i might
just go through the news and the hell would stay because he's got a bunch of perverts on again today
that's is that unusual i mean this is a man who keeps showing his rose all over town and his
bragging about it he says of course it's true it's just an ass anyway steve has got bobbin
christ just another regular american couple here today they're into swinging and
wife swapping and new dancing and escort services and just a little a little family fun on the side
you know in fact uh geez isn't it a shame i put all those carts away right at the end here
one moment please what the hell did i do with that just a second oh yeah in fact this is no this
is going to be what they say at the beginning of the show we're a family so to speak right
we've got it we have our sources okay so anyway stick around for that then we've got hours and
hours of the dolphins and the bears and the bears and the dolphins and then the dolphins are going
to bear it in the shower with manage on a post game it's going to be incredible and we'll see you
again tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock here on six ten w-i-o-d
