No way to argue the situation of the point further and I was asked to leave.
I guess the most disappointing thing of all of this is how the whole situation was handled after my departure from the studio.
And then again the following week I was called to the station in the same capacity as a local expert on a particular subject.
I wonder what the subject was. I guess we can't say it on the air.
Mr. Betta wanted to talk about comedy and Sharon called me. Apparently Mr. Hill had a major problem with this.
Wait a minute.
Yeah, they're going here.
I'm not on a retainer with no of my pay by any radio station. I'm just a young hard-working comedian looking to establish myself.
Johnny Dye!
I believe I've accurately described what replaced that day. If you feel there's a problem with what I did, then certainly you are entitled to feel that way.
I did not intend on hurting or offending anyone.
Maybe as a young, perspiring, aspiring comic, I wasn't sensitive enough to the politics of the situation.
However, once again, I feel I did not do anything that would be considered inappropriate.
I would even very much like to maintain open dialogue with you. I've even enclosed some of my recent jokes.
I hope you like them.
Sincerely, Jeff Mustard.
And we probably ought to, and here's a picture too. It is just, oh wait a minute. Hold on to it now. It's trying to...
Here's a comedy sampler platter from Jeff Mustard. Are you ready?
I don't know.
The chief surgeon said they removed old blood from the brain of the 78-year-old ex-president.
No kidding. What are they going to find? Young blood?
Okay, let's try another one.
The operation was performed at the world famous Mayo Clinic.
Doctors were concerned about Reagan's age and other complications which might develop.
So during the procedure, they used Miracle with.
Okay, one more now. They got to get better.
Former President Reagan underwent successful brain surgery.
Doctors who amazed they found they removed the same exact things when they performed his colon operation.
That's a joke.
Well, one more.
Congressman Barney Frank, the acknowledged homosexual legislator,
is being investigated for hiring male prostitutes, Steve Goldie,
who allegedly used the Congressman's house for prostitution.
So what? Nobody's bothering Barney Frank about the house he uses on Capitol Hill to screw people.
One more? I guess not.
Well, Jeff, let me just say this.
We certainly want to thank you for your fine letter.
And don't call us.
We'll call you.
Yeah, that was good.
One now you see.
One 17 at WID.
We better do a little break after that Marvin.
Very heavy duke.
