Anyway, govern yourself accordingly. It's 10.05 at WIOD on a wonderful Tuesday. We have one of our rare guests in the studio
Is busy making a lot of noise with it. Don't mess with the microphone Tom. Please. No, these are just that's just the way they are
Don't ask me why okay, just that they're like balanced, you know
As opposed to our engineers who are mostly unbalanced
Anyway, Tom jik is here. Tom is the radio and TV editor for the for-law to deal news and Sun Sentinel and before we get started with Tom
Just as an addendum to our discussion yesterday that carried over all the way till six o'clock on Steve Keynes show
With the Norman Kent
There are two articles that I see one in the brow adition of the heraldest morning and one in the
Sun Sentinel by Buddy Nevin's and all I can say to you folks at the Hollywood Police Department is you really think you're fooling people, but you're not okay
David Steele spokesman for the Hollywood Police Department says that the sworn affidavit filed by the manager of the theater that we talked about
Yesterday says we find the allegations to be completely false the article in the herald quotes the Hollywood spokesman saying we have no idea
What they're talking about etc. I'd like you to recall any situation in South Florida over the last 20 years when the police department
Has admitted wrongdoing on the part of any individuals even when there are shootings no matter what kind of situation that might be
The beginning is always this defensive posture this immediate cover up because that's basically the way it goes whether it's police whether it's
Doctors or lawyers. Let's cover up. Let's take some
Sand and shovel it over the top and bury it as best we can and pretend that there's nothing going on and the people who are heard
Norm Kent read this sworn affidavit yesterday no damn well that nobody in his right mind could possibly conjure up such an incredible story in
addition to which attached to the copies of the affidavit as a copy of the
It's a picture of the business card of the officer who made the alleged bribes, okay?
Now why in the world does an officer of a vice squad give his business card to somebody he's just arrested
Unless of course he wants to give him his phone number and beeper number etc
And to try to set somebody up which in this case happened to be me
So you may think you're fooling somebody over there at the Hollywood police department
I had a call from a lady before I came on the air this morning with her own horror story as to the behavior of the Hollywood police department
And it's legendary and quite frankly based on some of the material at the
Norm Kent showed me yesterday. So like I said you may think you're fooling people you may think you can cover it up for the time being but
Just govern yourselves accordingly is the best
Well a lot of smoke for there be no fires. Yeah, mm-hmm
Well a lot of smoke but you just knew that they would never fast up for this or you know make any
Accusations against one of their own. Yeah, it's great. Broward County
Was it gonna be the turning also now it says the Broward State Attorney's Office was sent a copy to review
But chief assistant Ralph Ray said the affidavit doesn't appear to will edginy crime in the part of the police officer
Ray however said he hadn't talked yet with the attorney Norman Kent
Mr. Ray if you're listening and I doubt that you are but somebody in the Broward State Attorney's Office
Probably is or get back to him if it is legal in this state for
Police officers to to bribe people and to offer them special treatment in order to set up crimes where there wouldn't have been any
This isn't this isn't just giving somebody money for a tip. This is trying to set somebody up
Try to create a fictitious crime where there wasn't any and if that's legal then we don't live in a democracy
We live in a totally fascist state, okay?
Yeah, the next step from there is just a rest you wouldn't know crime
Yeah, I'm committed and make it up and make it up themselves
Which certainly wouldn't be the first time I would imagine that kind of things been done
Well, this is part of the atmosphere. It's been created. Yeah
Well, we want to talk mostly about radio and TV as usual
But I know that you have been the target of this witch hunt and you know again
It's a legitimate news story because there have been got only notice how many articles about it now the past three four weeks
And you had a real interesting now. It's 20 months for me. You had one week
Yeah, I was hell week. I guess back in October
I was it actually I did the show with you the morning show and you know
It's the old story if you're not my ally or my enemy and because I was I
Proceeded this relationship that we have this friendship. Well, I don't think we do have a friendship
I became the target of this and and it got really ugly
I mean even to the extent of when we'd look like I was gonna be out of work when the Miami news was folding and and you announced on the air that I had gotten a new job
steps were taken to try and
Short-circuit that job. I mean I would have been out in the street
No way to support my family and and best I know the only the only crime I committed was not
falling in line on this witch hunt but the letters were sent and
really ugly letters
Trying to
Get me to lose the the only job offer I had at the time
I would have had no way of playing myself in my family and what did I do the only thing I know is that I
Like I say we have a friendship and I didn't fall in line on this witch hunt
Well, what did the letters say that well?
They more they they alleged all kinds of things and suggested that I was
To paraphrase unprofessional reckless irresponsible. I think my reputation
Well even before you're coming here today when you stopped in briefly last week and I mentioned you know
We invited you come on here today as a guest within one day there were letters from this individual and Coral Gables to the Sun
Sentinel making all sorts of threats and the
I don't know they were threats, but they it was again. It was the usual in you and
I wouldn't want to get that
Your company are gonna be on the line for what Tom jikus says next Tuesday to me those are threats
Yeah, and that well that's that's saying a procedure that's happened every now in during the course of this thing
Just about every time I've appeared on the air
It's been proceeded by a letter to both me and my immediate superiors this case. I didn't get the letter
I don't know why I didn't get it this time. I have a suspicion why but I can't get into that and
I didn't get it but letters have gone out to my superiors
It's just about in advance and then after every appearance I've made and and then all sorts of other things that
Letters written to people encouraging to sue me for for innocent satiric remarks that were made in the spirit of front on the program
But they were taken out of context
and and sent to to these people encouraging them to the file lawsuit defamation lawsuits against me and
The suits according to the attorney I spoke to at the news
Just had no no basis at all. He said but they could they could force me they could cost me a fortune to defend myself
And this is the way the law of the game plan of this abuse of the legal system is to continue
encouraging or
starting litigation
and forcing other people to have to use their life savings to defend themselves against species litigation
This is one of the real farces and injustices of our legal system is that somebody who has a knowledge of and workings of the legal system can do that
And it's strictly abuse and again
How long it's going to take the floor to bar to determine that they're going to put a stop to it remains to be seen?
You know, I hope it wouldn't be too long. I had to last the last ten minutes on Mike show
I heard there was an ad from the Florida bar on the station, which means that I guess they're going to get a letter from
To like everyone else who advertises on
Understand yourselves. Yeah, I mean, right?
You know, there has to everyone else who have it on the station seems to get letters from this individual
So I suppose that the Florida bar is going to get one next and that might be interesting
He might you know he might even aid in his own paper trail. I don't know. We can't leave him. Let me do a little break 1013 at W1B
What was that?
What did he say?
That was it. Yeah, but I thought he was going to say something coherent. He said me
Well, I guess it kind of fits into the week. So thanks so much anyway. Tom jik is here and the interesting story
I don't know if you saw it if I can find it that Roger left for me about a work down in junior
And what he did have some of the sponsors are belling out
Well, I know he's not a language on the show
Well, yeah, and he's not in his ratings is starting to slip and he's not on the best of terms with the station here
Because he he more or less stiff than he was supposed to come down here for an appearance and then he
kept revising the schedule and they had gone to a lot of expense to set the thing up and
Let me just read the thing from UPI's as an advertising backlash has forced Morton down
Junior to tone down his language on the air he says in the LA times
That he and Geraldo Rivera are on what he calls the hit list of about 80 advertisers who refuse to place commercials on their talk shows
Downey claims as producers are civilizing him and that his language is now completely controlled
But he says he won't get his water down his filled on a hue K.A.B.C. in Los Angeles is dropping down. He's show
Huh, that sounds familiar, isn't that that whole scenario? Yeah
Well, yeah, but I mean the question is just how far can you go?
Well, that's the other interesting thing about this this whole witch hunt thing is that it you know
It seems fairly obvious that it's personal because there are things far more risque and and and and raunchy all of the good
Isile and yeah a current affair just puts everything else to shame when it comes to that
Yeah, so I don't you know, it's obvious that what's going on with this program has little basis to do with
Cleaning up the airwaves and it's seen no because even after we sanitize it and take all the material off that allegedly was objectionable to this one
Individual which which to me is insane. I just don't know anybody in their right mind with any conscience at all
Just kind of bends and yields to one person in an area for me and people but even when you do it
There are new things. Yeah, whether it's the Westminster dog show or whether it's the governor of Georgia or whatever it is
Vogieman that come along every day to continue the witch hunt. It just never ever stops never even slows down
Well, you know that you talk about that expression get a life
Yeah, some people have strange choices of what they want to do with their life
And I got the an ice facts from John Patrick Slater at WTMI this morning, which I think is the first the piece of supportive correspondence
We've had from anybody in the business that I can remember. I mean we've had some phone calls from
Cox and the sunny fox and Tanner and so on
But this is the first letter that I can recall nice letter from well
It's in the interest of the entire industry to fall in line. I think behind you
This goes back to a conversation ahead with Steve Kane the week before you were here and you know at the time
Steve had a different relationship and
I said Steve I'm warning you you're gonna see you're gonna be it you're gonna be the next target
Oh, no, no, you got it all wrong. I said Steve believe me
The next target and we both know since then Steve is a come to me and said you were right mm-hmm and
You know, I to take things to absurd lines
I assume that if somehow you know that when the president comes to town
He takes his pictures with just about everybody
You know that they kind of rush up to him
I think if you if you had your picture taken with the president
There might be sheets of letter going to the white house every day
You know the Republican national party. I mean that seems to be the path
There letters that were sent to the secret service back during the presidential campaign about my comments about
Our illustrious vice president now and I made some joke that everybody in in
Broadcasting made the same illusions about quail hunting season
Letterman used it Carson used that on national television no let me know when I used it on a local radio here in Miami
Letter was sent by this individual to the secret service suggesting that I was encouraging
Attacks on the vice presidential candidates life, etc and so on which they discarded
But I mean this should give the audience a real good idea of just how deep and bizarre this whole thing is well
I mean there just no no bounds to it. It's just totally out of control
Well right now just from what I know you're about the most investigated person on radio and you've given an absolutely clean bill of health by every Asian
I mean you know the state is investigated you the FBI is investigated you the FCC is investigated
I mean, I'm just doing these off top my head. I might miss some or
It seems to me or everyone who's launched an investigation into this program
What was the phrase in that letter that this individual perceives crimes where others don't or something to that effect
So you know, we're talking about an army of one and it's but it's amazing and it just shows you how one individual armed with the
Law can can twist and and do things like this and
And do a lot of the things that he claims that you do to him
I mean these things about harassment and threats. I mean look at the atmosphere
This thing with the Hollywood police post you can't convince me that this isn't part of that the poison to atmosphere against you
Didn't have at least a role look at the language in this affidavit
That we talked about yesterday were the detective allegedly said Neil is probably there to pick up some young boys
Now does that sound for me? You're controlling for young well first of all there aren't any young boys
That was the thing the truck me you have to be 18 years old to go in right
So uh and nonetheless like you say this is the poison that
That's been created and of course you know it expanded to the city of hallendale which was an embarrassing episode for them again
They don't want to admit it and face up to a book. It was another tragic embarrassment for them again
Well, they just don't understand that in embarrassment for the university and that in that rag the hurray came which
Focally you know to teach kids is something about journalism another horrendous embarrassment to the point where the president of the
University says all the allegations in that last article are untrue and they all came from the
Lips of that individual again
Well, and that and that's what's happening everyone who seems to to align themselves with with this person for at least even a brief period
winds up with egg in their face and
So I think what's gonna happen is that the circle is going to start to close that
People are gonna start keeping their distance because they don't want to wind up but being embarrassed to humiliate
Well, you had a week and I never forget you were really um, oh, I was really iconic during that and it was not because of anything
I did it was because of the lack of backing that I got it to Miami news
Which was just scared to death because they were going out of business and they wanted to break clean like the lawyer
They got involved said to me Tom you didn't do anything at all wrong
But you know, what do we need this activation for we're going out of business?
This could cost 75 to a hundred thousand dollars before you'd be cleared and you would be absolutely clear
It was just a stupid innocence
It was a satiric remark which you know, I think you said it's it's almost common to game plan is to create enough problem and enough let
Exactly cost your employer so much money and so much grief that no matter how talented you are how much of an asset you are
Eventually they just say hey nobody is worth this much grief and they come to you and they say well listen
We're sorry for this and everything else but good luck and goodbye exactly. That's the ultimate goal and in it the minute that you announced on the
Yeah, I was going to fought law to Dale boom that letters went up there. I mean what this is a Christian
Pretty sad. Okay, let me do another break and then we'll talk about the radio and TV
It's 22 minute we have the trends by the way
We've got every number that's ever been invented from Friday if you can digest this like the fun
Yeah, but there yeah, it is anyway
26 past 10 at W I O D
And you got all the trends there in front of you now we expect the instant
Analyze number is now from the arbitrage like looking through the phone book, you know
Trying to come up with a number of opening a page and putting your finger to it
Well, let me just give you the big story and the book is hot 105 make no mistake
Well, they well
They went through the roof they got I think a seven three or something yeah, and Keith Isley's done a great job over there
With his with his colored
color
And that's what he's gonna be a hot new watch all the PDs in a market are gonna go out and order crayons and colored pens because that seems to work
He knows he knows what he's doing. He did a great job at i95 and they didn't get along with Gannett
Which I can certainly relate to because they're a bunch of douchebags and
You know, they let him walk just like they let us amazing. You know, I mentioned that the last time I did a rating story that you know
You could just trace the people that they've let walk away
Yeah, they made your key by Lee us, you know
All we did was number one and men with an eight eight and I think we're number two overall and with you with the five
I think the only station of beat us was life which is elevator music and nobody even counts
Well, they've got it where they want it down there and the ones that I don't think and Zeta one six and I think I want to
I think you know, yeah, they're thrilled. Oh, they're just thrilled. Oh, come on. They're not three you keep saying that they're not thrilled
They're gonna be suicidal over there. Don't say that they're thrilled
Well, a one six. I mean, there's just no story there at all all across the board
I got like one six one six one seven
Gannes are I think did a one five because he always has to be a little below everybody on
But you know, and that's it. There's no story there at all. What's so ever? Well, there's no audience there
No, they lost the young young demographics where we were in one category. I think it was 18 to 34 men
Or 18 to 34 we were number one. Yeah, and if two months they've dropped to number 19
They've dropped from an 11 something to a two eight. Yeah, I mean now it takes special talent to be able to do that
Yeah, one six there it is tied for tied for 20 second. Oh, yeah, I put it all there in front of you right in that like 30
Yeah, I mean people don't think we're hallucinating or exaggerating
one six is it's almost off the I mean, you know KAT use the personal like that. It's pretty embarrassing
Especially especially that was only you about three months ago was up in the forest and GTR went back up through the roof again
They went from a two eight back to a three nine. They got rid of that one fluke month, you know the
Well, the book is going to happen. Yeah, or the diary you get a bad month that they under sampled
Young men
In fact, I think it was that one month and as a result they got a real
Scrooing, but then you know it comes well you can almost tell it if you see big ratings for the Latin stations
Then you know that my army was probably over sampled. Yeah, because
There certainly is a market for the Latin stations
For all of a sudden they had just have an eight-teper bill jump. Why don't we just have a separate ethnic book?
I agree
I don't look just cut this out and have the the black stations and the Spanish stations have them in a separate ethnic book
Well, I disagree with that. I don't think the black station should be sacked because
They're broadcasting in the same language. I mean, I could see a white person
Fulfillized ethnic market people that want to people that want to attract the black market are gonna buy WEDR
They don't their nuts because I mean that's where most of the black audiences. Oh, yeah, but rock and roll started on black stations
And there are white people that listen to black stations and you could conceive of a white person listening to a black station
You can't conceive of an angle of listening to QBA. Yeah, I mean
They just you know, it's inaccessible to them. They don't know what's going on
Even if they were listening to your commercial they would have no idea what you were saying
So I see yeah, that to me is a separate area
They're against it because they they want to compete for the same national advertisers to be a company's the car companies
That's why they don't want it segregated, but no, I agree with you entirely. I think they should have their own book
They're doing a different thing than what you are doing you're not competing for the same audience
But don't national advertisers if they want to buy ethnic don't they don't they have a separate buy for them?
I think they look they probably don't they want to buy the Hispanic audience
They're not gonna take some dollars that they would put an IOD or GTR or somebody like that and put it over on QBA
Separate dollars and I think that buy is probably look at the book and go. Okay. Who's the number one Spanish station?
Who's the number one Spanish radio music station? Who's the number one because if you're gonna dispatch particularly Spanish talk the the demographics for that
I just you know ancient and you know the at least the ones that are you know going all day long about taking the island back
I mean who's listening 65 70 year old people all or QBA
I see went up quite a bit in this book radio mom be for whatever reason with that big signal
They started with a big number and they drop way down. They're doing a three-eighth thing
Right you just have to wonder even even among lightens
How long you're gonna sit listening to the same thing day after day after day after day about communist
Kalanista
Decage throwing
Brother, brother, brother. Still all doing their own style. They all do very well
You know that's the fantasy though we keep hearing about the assimilation that's going on and about
The fact that the Spanish language stations just aren't gonna continue doing so well and most of them are doing pretty darn
Well, you know some of the categories during you'll see the first three stations will be Spanish language stations
Well, it's only my feeling I can't prove it
But I think that the same factor that works against you works for them that I think that there's a certain pressure within the Latin community
To put down that they're listening to Latin stations
Yeah, not the same as there are people who would never admit listening to this radio program even though they are
It's amazing you go out in the community and
People you would never think of listening to this program
Uh, and you know I go somewhere and I go hey when you're gonna be on Neil again
I heard you the other day on Neil or did you hear what Neil did the other day?
And it's just not the type of people
I mean you think of people that you'd have to have a little bit of time
People that you know are working during the day doctors lawyers dentist bankers
You know how do they have this program on well apparently they do because they're aware of what's going on and but yet
I don't think that's always reflected in the book for whatever reasons like I know just just take an absolutely absurd example
Suppose a book wound up in the hands of your friend
Do you think that he would fill in that he listened to this program?
No shot, but yet we know that he's the most well honest born again Christian
God would well that's possibly true that is honestly true yes
I think we hit a real bananza there because that would be four hours every day
Well actually we should get eight hours the four hours listening and then the four hour play back when transcribing as no
We should get credit for people who play it back and listen a second time. You're right
I'm like you know Mike you get everything twice. Yeah
When he's able to do it in four and a half hours. Yeah
Anyway, we had Craig Worthing on here here a few days ago and of course
I just wanted that stuff. Yeah, I wonder if you found out any of the real story behind that at all
I think it was more an excuse than a
I think well they have Sally Jesse sitting there now right and Sally Jesse's on lives and now if they start if if all these room is
Which they claim are not true. They swear and I true that they're gonna get away from live talk and go to syndicate
It's all well that there's the first block right in place. They have Sally Jesse and they've established a relationship
There's a whole line of a programs that ABC information provides writing me to get Michael Jackson out of LA
You know and his brothers and assistant Latoya
Snake in the whole bit they could get them all on there
So that would certainly be the first block in the in the progression now
They claim that that they're committed. They say they've signed that they're people to new contracts the people I've talked to they
Say that they've gotten contracts
Although I've lost some of my lines strange thing happened by the way
I don't know that I'm person and I'm grider anymore in sandy show
But let me tell you something that happened I was scheduled to be on about two weeks ago on a Friday two three weeks ago
Would see with Steve's son. No, I was on with Hannah. Steve Sonsky. They called me a long time ago set the program up
I said sure you know, I'll do it and
I got a call about a week before the program from the producer and she said Tom what cancel in the program
And I said oh, I says any reason she said no
We're just not doing it. So I said oh, okay fine if you need me call me
She said okay goodbye and that day I turned the program on in this Steve Sonsky
We were supposed to do the program together. Mm-hmm. So what goes around?
I guess maybe yeah, I don't know that I've done anything to to annoy them or
Get in that bad graces, but it sure it sure seems like it come on this show
But it'll be a long time before they call me the next time because one of the things that I've done and you know
And you know when you produce a when I give a commitment to come somewhere
I do it even if it winds up, you know, tremendous inconvenience to myself
And this certainly allowed the program that station anywhere they want
But you call me up on 48 hours notice and you cancel
Well, then you know that I'm gonna go in myself accordingly
Well, it's kind of like what happened to you here before I came over here for a while when you were like
Well, I was doing Michael Anthony's time. Yeah, you know
Big shift me with a with a bright
1034 W.I.O.D. Tom jikers with us today if you haven't eaten at the melting to be 1039 and W.I.O.D. Tom jikers here
Tom is the radio and TV writer for the Florida the floor of the Florida Waterdale news and sunset while us and it's branching out before you know
What's wrong? No, I had this other facts that I forgot about from Foxy 1040. I don't even know what Foxy is
Okay, it shows bravest. Yeah, where the well, I know that and Palm Beach
No, it says serving Palm Beach Broward in day with 10,000 watts. No, and Delray Beach
Delray, I don't know. And just to know from Gary Lewis at Foxy 1040 says thanks for including Foxy 1040 and your rating report
They're really a Palm Beach County station
But there's a thing there in the bottom that's got the listing of all the top 37 stations and amazingly the motivation station
Didn't make the cut
Already I mean you're they claim that they're teaching people to be motivated and they can't motivate anybody listen to their radio station
Well, they get so motivated they have no time for the radio
Yeah, they're all out there listening to roll night and gale are doing something
But yeah, you know the thing about talking about the ratings and I you know
I do it in a very biting way because there are a lot of people in the market a lot of stations that I'm not particularly fond of
But we don't lie about them. I mean whatever the numbers are there
And certainly and the station that you just talked about WOLD
um, you know
Maybe they don't want you to come on because you know what the numbers are at least you generally have a pretty good to grasp
But what what they are and they they can't stand the truth
They can't handle the fact that most of their audience is now over 65
That even those numbers. I mean they're just dropping like a rock. They've gone from that
Fluke five something that they had in the summertime down to a three two
Uh, and they're just dropping like a rock figure down everyone ganged up on here
They didn't have the competition that they had before that's correct. Yeah
There's just this some excitement about this station while there is and it you know
It's just like you said, you know, I know you make jokes about them
But they said you know, let's do another show gun control. Mm-hmm. All right obsessed
Well, there are some people who want to cling to those old, you know, abortion and gun control and all those tried and true topics
And I am telling you they burn out the public is just legendary
It's just that they don't want to hear that crap anymore. They've heard it a million times
Is there any head against the right to be said about is nothing are you gonna change anybody's mind on gun?
No, they'll never not in all lifetime will it ever be any meaningful gun control?
Maybe not in our grandchildren's lifetimes
It's just it's not gonna happen. We'll all wind up killing ourselves before they they ever do anything sound
I mean a previous president gets shot, you know by a by a maniac who you know
So goes out and gets a gun in a pawn shop and he still doesn't change his mind man all for the NRA in the current president
He's just as much gun hole in the you know semi automatic when I heard that
Let's not take away their assault weapons. Well sure
I mean if you're gonna go out hunting a target shooting you got to have an assault weapon
I mean no awesome. It's completely out it. That's for sure at least a couple of oozees in the arsenal anyway
Isn't everybody entitled to that? I mean if you take away our boozees, what's next up?
But you can't afford it
Reven with the people on that side so it's really it's it's just an exercise in futility
And it isn't exciting because no matter how much the people disagree
It's all been said a million times before and yeah
There's the same arguments again and again and again and you get you know the the pro call up with it with their constitutional
Argument and the antiques command and they say well
Yeah, the Constitution says to keep a militia and it's the same argument
It never ever changes and as far as abortion goes abortion is not gonna be decided on talk radio
Decided in the course and when they do then they do outlaw abortion and it certainly seems it's going that way
What's gonna happen is people are just gonna keep having them illegally again?
And then you know, then we'll have the abortion police the same way as we now the mind police and the radio police and the movie police
And the television police will have the abortion police
But nothing's gonna change. All right. What about Y 100? We heard a rumor yesterday. Did you start that rumor?
That said 10 year old program director maybe on his way out
Steve pop it a rumor Steve. Did they just hide?
Yeah
Well the station is not doing well to give us exactly I find it interesting that
The television ads with it well well we were gonna give away
15,000 and then you know they they dumped Steve Ross into a shoot or something and 20 and they're arguing over
15,000 and 20,000 and didn't didn't sunny Fox get more or less canned for
For what amount of the peanuts a plane ticket or something like that
Wasn't that it wasn't that to deal with but I know what the real reason was
Well, it was making too much money and it's well
Yeah, I was looking for a place to happen, but I think the immediate catalyst was over
The way a contest would be run or dispensed or something like that. I said that's the issue
Well, you know you hear these stories second-hand sunny won't talk about them
But you know you people at the station call up and volunteer information and things like that
My understanding is it had something to do with a contest and to sunny wonder run it one way and they wonder run it another way
And the the amount of the prize in dispute was really pipping us
You know in other in most other major markets there are stations that
They kind of like step out from the pack like in a horse race
They just come out take the lead and they pull away and they stay there for a long time
And you can go through all the major markets
I mean there there are a lot of markets where there's a close horse race
But there are one or two dominant stations in this market
It's like watching a yo-yo and all the different stations they bounce up and back and back and forth like you make
Audio well except life because naturally they've got a captive audience and all the elevators and dentists and doctors
Offices so you know that that that it shouldn't even count it shouldn't even be in any book because nobody is consciously listening to life
There is nobody's got any attention to some liminal
Yeah, I agree if you're an advertiser you want to pay your money for somebody who might in the background here
Maybe it's a liminal you know like they used to do it popcorn. Yeah, it's maybe it works
Maybe it does but anyway that that's a whole separate ballgame
But other than that it's just this constant yo-yo syndrome
And I think the big part of it is real bad management in this market
And I've worked for a lot of these different companies and I'm telling you man
They bring in these these yo-yo who don't know their their armpit from their elbow and it's bad management
And they all bring in these consultants
Who you know guys who can't get an honest job in the market so go around screwing up everybody else's station
And when somebody hires consultants man
It's like them admitting to me right to my face. Hey, we don't know what the hell we're doing
Look consultants never had an original idea almost by definition. They only know what's works somewhere else
And you know as far as y100
Their entire back that they've been built on it on a foundation of saying that giving away money
They came to the market. I remember I moved to the market just about at the time when they they went on the air with when they had that gimmick
I listened to the new sound of y100 and was fifty thousand dollars. That was one fifty thousand dollars was fifty thousand dollars
I would you know probably equivalent now would be about two hundred thousand dollars and
and
They gave away money and they're back to giving away money and buy you want to buy an audience
Well, I suppose you can do that, but yeah
It's I think that the way they put the station on the air was positively brilliant because there was a period back then
When everybody in Miami was aware of I listened to the new sound of y100 and were
And they're putting their phone that way if they didn't completely positively brilliant
But you can't keep that going over a long period of time. I don't eventually you can get the people into the tent
But then you've got to have the show to keep them in the tent and that's
It seems like every time they get into trouble they just come up with more money giveaways instead of trying to get a solid
Format that would make that unnecessary. Well, that's called throwing money at the problem. Yeah, that's what they do over there
By the way, I'll tell you a interesting consultant story
I was talking to a friend of mine Bo Reins who's up at 98 rock and Tampa yesterday who called me for a job reference
Or a job. No, not for me, but a reference on someone he was hiring and anyway. He said to me
Did you ever talk to the classic rock consultant there at Zeta Alex?
So whatever his name was and I said wait a minute
I said you mean
He's the consultant now. It's eight and he says oh, yeah, you know, and I said well, you know
We used to when Neil and I were there we were consulted about Harris and Chris Kable was in and we used to just rip them on the air about consultants
And how they don't know anything and you know, they're just that station had no ratings
And we just you know roasted the consultants. Well finally they got rid of Harris
brought this guy in and remember
I went up to Rose Bolger one day and I said is this the new consultant oh no, no, no, no
This is the marketing yeah guy they used a different name for because he was to go whoever was to admit that they hired another consultant
Because the word is so smart. Yeah
And so embarrassing that they just don't like to admit that they even hire consultants
Well, whoever's consulting on that music couldn't have lived through that period because they don't have a clue
What what classic? I always and I got to be one of the great mysteries of all time forgetting about whether you like him as a person or not
Because he's a likable guy, but Bolger's been there. Oh, yeah two years
Two years I find it very pleasant to say this yeah, but but in terms of total failure with the exception of our show, which is now history
Uh, there is no success story at all anywhere on that radio station in two years
And now they're right back there below where they were when we went there you're in a half ago
Well below they were at a one seven now they're down to a one six, okay
They say that you know, they were really happy that you were leaving because now that that let them you know get things in a lot of
Yeah, well they turned it's like a guy who wins the lottery, you know
A guy who's living at the Camila's house winning the lottery and on and losing the check and going well
GI was happy in the other way anyway. What was I gonna do with all that? Oh, how long can that go on? I don't know
Well, you want to keep hearing Zeta keep talking about no demographics
They have no the FM has no
measurable audience to speak of how long can they keep subsidizing that well?
I don't know and that's why you keep here
I think that's why these rumors keep popping up about a possible sale of
Rumors about listen I worked there for almost five years there been rumors about those two two stations being sold
And they came real close as you know to being sold a couple of years ago and it just the it doesn't happen
Well, there's a lot of factors it worked one of the problems is that they probably won
Now I'm just interjecting this with no no real insight information
But uh they probably asking a price that would justify a station with maybe a four or five rating when the meanwhile
They're delivering a station for the one point six rating who's gonna pay that kind of money
They have a good signal they have a good facility
Well, they have a reasonably good signal at least on the FM they have a good signal as the AM might have the AM has the best daytime signal in the state of Florida
Yeah, they're not direction of dice. Well at night, but nobody sells nighttime radio
So night after seven p.m. Forget it radio is not a factor anymore. Yeah, it doesn't exist
Well, I don't think that's true at this station. I think it's very well. I disagree with you
If you were to if you were to ask me what the basebrown making money they're making money on nighttime radio
I think he he couldn't tell you yes. I could be wrong on that
But I don't think there's any AM station in the country that's making money or maybe even FM
Well, the seven the male don't buy a baseball national average times is don't buy nighttime
Most local and regional agencies don't buy nighttime
Well, and they do in the sports though that you get to be a company and things like that looking for male demos
You can sell some of that I think all of that sports is basically packaged together with the dolphins and hurricanes
And all the other sports on the station and it's just kind of part of an image
I don't think that it's there because it's making anybody a lot of money. I couldn't be wrong on that
But I don't think so. Okay. It's 1050 10 B4 11 at W I O D
Tom jicke is with us and I want to tell you about so you know, okay
Now you don't want to tell that story on the year no, no, no, no, no, well 10 54 W I O D
Tom jicke is here. Tom is the
Trouble maker with the Fort Lauderdale News and Sunson. Please don't say that that'll wind up in a letter
Even the O'Rige was quoted as saying Tom jicke is a trouble maker, but that's a compliment
Nice pose because the Sunson for a long time there their image was being kind of boring
Well, you know, I
This has got to sound like Tangling, but I've been there two months and I'm just I'm really impressed at the way the places run with the people who run it
They know what they do and they have a goal
Uh
I find the paper to be you know just a paper on the move and the move in the right direction and a little too Palm Beach County oriented, but that's okay
I know you noticed Tom didn't say no, it's gonna
Oh
No, well
We serve both market this is a letter to what that's true. The Hallendale Digest boy were added again
Uh, can I read this on the air? Well in public print dear editor there was a letter printed in the February 16th
Hallendale Digest from a David Murphy's
MERVES that I am upset with the erudgers for his abusive and obscene language
But the other day he heard me yell at the tennis courts give us the G blank blank ball will you and suggest that I'd a clean up my act before
Criticizing others the topic of conversation the next day at the tennis courts was who is David Mervas nobody has ever seemed to have heard of him
First there's quite a difference between saying G blank blank ball and the language neo-rodgers uses
Second when I want a ball return to the tennis courts
I call thank you on court such and such and when the ball is returned
I always say thank you third saying I yell around the tennis courts give us the G blank blank ball is a G blank blank lie
since she'll read since you're the jay sunny Rosenberg mayor city hellendale
I got to tell you
This has got to be no we're missing out on something because this is got to be a tremendous place to live because when the mayor of the city
Has got nothing better to do than take the time to write a letter a super silliest letter like this a god damn stupid letter like this
The Hallendale Digest well it's election around in the city commission meetings trying to you know do a little witch hunts against neo-rodgers
And against this radio station then it must be no wonder they call it the city a choice
There must be no crime and no drugs and no problems and no jay walking and no traffic problems
Nothing everything there must be perfect. Well, you know, it's election time and one way yeah
How do you get attention in hallendale?
Well one good way to get attention is to take on somebody big and they took on you know the biggest person in the market
But even when it was before and it was an embarrassment for him and a humiliation and they did it again
And they had to go and get in your legs again
And they try to blame me for that but it's every stupidity
This every old person in hallendale know that sunny Rosenberg was fighting for their interests
Oh absolutely an election day is coming up
That's how they get it and anyone held is running against pepper syndrome
They pander to a certain constituency over the age of a hundred
They know that those are the only people that go out and vote because there's certainly nothing else to vote on in a city like that
And these are the ones that put them back into office
Well isn't that the whole idea?
Does anyone know who sunny Rosenberg is even running against?
No I haven't got any idea
But everyone knows who sunny Rosenberg is
That's the whole idea of politics
It's the same as every time there's an municipal election in Miami
They clean up the prostitution on my on business
Oh yeah there's the same old rule
And then you'll see some you know public official be it the police chief or the mayor or some assistant mayor or something
There'll be on television right?
We're reminding people that we're doing this
You almost get the feeling that law enforcement has become kind of a public relations game
And they only do it when it's expedient
For example you know that was the deal
But briefly the this thing in Hollywood now this guy in his card
Where do we have that thing where I give you the copy on his card it says
vice
What is the first word their vice intelligence and narcotics
So in narcotics he's involved in drugs okay now we have such a drug epidemic in San Florida
But evidently it's a lot safer to go in and to you know
Bus the guy who's a clerk at a movie theater and try to set up people for easy arrests
To embarrass and humiliate him and destroy their reputation
That's a lot easier than going out and dealing with a drug problem because that's dangerous
Well, Jay Gouf is FBI for years was was public
You know they always went after the high profile crimes that would get them publicity and they would overlook
That's why there was never any kind of a campaign against white collar crime and other things
You know even even against the mafia because
There was just no percentage in it but but meanwhile
You know they they're always trumpet this great percentage they had against kidnapping and things that would get him in the paper never
Boy that FBI they're really tremendous and there was more nonsense going
Talk about witch hunts the witch hunts that went on there
Here's a guy that was just violating the Constitution left and right bugging people's offices and the guy
We just obsessed with other people sex lives. Who does that remind you of?
You know you think about it. There's a pattern here that goes on throughout history. What's going on here is broadcast
McCarthyism yeah, there's no I just like the McCarty that exactly what it is okay
It's twisting and distorting and using the law to destroy people's lives
If you look back if you look back through history to people like Joe McCarthy and Roy Cohn and Hoover and a lot of the others
They had more to hide themselves than anybody else turned out you know
It doesn't it always seem that way that like the congressman the people who see yeah the people who seem to be the most
Obsessed with with showing what other people are doing behind closed doors are the ones who are really worried
Maybe that's someone will discover what they're doing almost always
It doesn't seem that way too much okay
We're at the end of this hour Tom jikens here. We're gonna continue talking about the TV and radio and
Satellite dishes and cable and all the other stuff that we always talk about with Tom right now Henry Barrow standing
by with the 11 o'clock W IOD news we'll come back at 11 o' 5 Steve this afternoon from two to six and sports talk with
Joseph Gackie and Sonny Hirsch at 605
2 IOD presents Neil Rogers to get in touch and talk call 751 W IOD in day
524 W IOD in broad or 655 and 278 W IOD in the Palm Beach is other areas make all collect the opinions expressed by the host
Guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station now here's Neil Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610 W IOD
1105 at W IOD Tom jikko the radio and TV editor the four-letter day news on sentinels are guest
And we'll be here to o'clock Steve today has Patrick Sessions father of Tiffany Sessions
who's been missing since February the 9th and Wayne Black who is the lead investigator in that case and then sports talk with Joe and Sonny at 605
Far as TV is concerned it's like one dimensional and you know I don't think we should over react because
Even though it's shocking how many of these
Are on it all seem to be the same that this has been a history of television. Well, why don't you watch Rob's on at the same time you get 20
Sipcom's on it we go through these streaks. There's no originality and as soon as something takes off and hits
Then right away you've got 20 of the same kind of shows on well one of them's already in trouble inside addition the the King World show that one
That one's in trouble already they might get the plug pulled on them in some markets pretty quickly David for us
The you know they they got rid of him and
That one isn't but meanwhile inside story channel seven show is gonna probably go nationwide in syndication really
Oh, yeah, I started sadly on that and it looks like it's going to happen probably week after next and a lot of syndicators are very optimistic about
I think they'll always be one or two of these programs around for the same reason that the national inquiries been around for years people want that kind of business
For the same reason. I don't think that there'll be more than that
You know the inquire has its imitators what does the globe and then as the world weekly news
Which is the inquire I think sister pay for and midnight and all those others
But the inquire is the one that's kind of endured through the years
And I think that that's what will happen in this that there'll be a shakeout and one of these on and do it like entertainments
And I when it detainment tonight first came on there were two or three imitators
But they're still around and they've really gotten ranching an entertainment tonight like a continuation of a card
Oh, yeah, it's the same kind of show they're all that way well
It's right now that that's the perception is that that's what people want
They want to look you know through other people's keyholes
And I guess that's nothing new. It's just that that not people have gotten a nerve to give them a peek
It's the same thing with lifestyles of the rich and famous. I mean a lot of this kind of stuff
And a lot of these people have been kicking around for years
I was thinking that the other day I had heraldo on for whatever
You know, we had the pygmy women transvestite with large breasts and
I was thinking some of these Sally and heraldo and
Some of these people have been just kicking around and kicking around forever and all of a sudden this kind of thing caught on
And now it's like they're being carried along with it. Well, there'll be a shakeout there too
I think you know, I'm what down he is within a year of running his course
Uh, I think that Sally Jesse will probably disappear in a year or so
Dunny you will probably hang around because he's he's the class actor the bunch and an Oprah might might hang on
You know, she might have a little longer run
But I think you know five years and now maybe at best Dunny you and Oprah will be around and within two years
You won't see any more
More down. You won't see any more Sally Jesse
uh
It's it's a limited limited appeal format and and and they keep recycling the same guests
And they've already gotten caught
You know with with guests who represented themselves as something they weren't wasn't
Was it heraldo got nailed with the couple who said that
Did he was a sex maniac and his wife was bridged or some you know to something like that wasn't that the deal
Some like you know they kind of made this and the month before they were on as a priest and a nun on another stage
They nailed her too. Yeah, so you know, that's what happened. She came on real indignant. Oh, oh,
Fire in her red the glances boy
Fulming at the mouth. Yeah, so they'll all go down
You think we'll be the first to go and expect if he has to tone down his act
That's the end of them because that's really all he had going from there's no substance at all to that program
It's you know as it's been characterized it's wrestling without the matches
But all of the stuff all of this stuff has a professional wrestling without that well done
You used to have done you used to be somewhat reputable and probably still is the most reputable of all of them
But yeah, the rest of them are for sure. I mean even down you know, it doesn't like I said without the matches
Her all look up got his nose buttons
I guess you could say you know was wrestling with that made it worthwhile
Murphy Brown did a program on that last night
Which it Murphy Brown's a real good show. It's probably the best of the new comedies
And right and they did a show last night where they did 60 minutes type program and they were getting a head kicked in by someone
By a program that seemed the way it was described. They never showed it. They just described it. It was kind of like a more downy show
And so they lowered their own standards and sure enough the ratings went up and at the end of the program
They all just stood around gone. God is this really what we want to be and I think that's the realization that the some stations are coming
But what about all this new stuff that's coming on this
Roller games and what are the
American gladiators which is having problems getting clearances it looks like it might make it on now the only one that's a shoe
I bet is roller games and
I don't think that'll last about as long as roger derby
You know, I think it'll have like a six months run. It'll be a novelty
It all depends on just how outrageous they want to be but I don't see it having any long term
But the public appetite and maybe you don't agree with this
But I think the public appetite is just going to be insatiable in other words it's it's like
Their voyeuristic desires are just to the point now where no matter what you show them they want something beyond that
Well, people have mundane miserable lives
So they're looking for a little excitement or to find out that other people have even worse miserable lives
That's really what comes down to and you know, there even parallels in the situation here that
That if you haven't an active exciting life of your own you don't have to become obsessed with what other people are doing
but
If you're if you're sitting at home and and you're bored and you have no life and
You've got a
You can't wait for a program like a current affair to come on to put some excitement into your life
Oh
That's about what it amounts to people want to know that there are other people more miserable than they are
That's really fascinating
Yeah, well, maybe we'll do that maybe we could really hit the jackpot here
We just find the most miserable people or we can find them will bring them on the air every day. What doesn't Steve do that?
Tom Majika with
That's a joke. He's 12 and it's past 11 at WIOD
Want to tell you about the armadillo cafe one of our very favorite restaurants boys. Too bad we don't have any food coming in for Tom today
It is too bad. I'm heavy. It would well
Maybe we could dredge something up. I know pizza lots coming tomorrow and
Boone is coming from science. Don't I find a neutral system bowl of cream. Well, we might be able to arrange that now
We'll see if we can it's only 10 after 11
I'm sure that between now and noon or 12 30 we can dredge something up, right?
One time was eight o'clock in the morning when we had pizza with pineapple
That's the only time you remember that food. Oh get on it. What I didn't have food the last time you were here
No, and not at all. Well, well, we got to do something about that
Maybe Carmine's listing down our floors and they can dredge something up real short notice
You know about 20 30 pounds of food for Tom
Because you've been doing real well. You've faded away to a shadow of your former self
I've been working on I'm putting some of it back on. I'm gonna be on neutral system before a long. All right
That's good. We like that that we can use your name every day
Anyway, the on the 1116 at WIOD. Let's explore that you just said
Well, no, why can't we explore the city here's a rumor about Jeff Charles job Jeff
But Charles is leaving Jay and I'll go to Providence, Rhode Island
I don't know that you know that to be true. Yeah, yeah, okay. Well, yeah, and yeah
I've heard rooms that sight him is gonna get the job
I find it hard to believe but that's the room you hear well
I would fit in up there
I mean, it's a real right-wing market and they like to hire right-wingers of a Jay
And I owe the more further to the right to better so they ought to be in heaven with mr x
I know yeah, I know I just want to be the only time I heard of him
The only time I've ever heard him because he's a he's a walking slime ball
And I just refused to dignify him by mentioning his name and Steve can try to put on this routine about well off the air
He's so different and this and that that's a lot of malarkey. Okay, when you come on the air and you make the the kind of bigoted
Remarks and I mean been going on for years now the kind of homophobic crap that he's used on the air
Don't tell me that off the air. He's you know a different guy because I don't buy I've never heard him on the air
Except that one day that we were here just before you came on the station
Friday afternoon we were here with Steve and he walked in picked up the microphone and invited himself into the program
That's the only time I've heard him because he's on with Steve Steve as best I know Steve's the only one to put some on and I'm working with Steve
Is on so I've never actually heard him on the air
Although I've heard of what he's done when he's on all of a sudden is good buddy is Bob Cunst that's strange isn't it?
Yeah, we'll see they share a common dislike of me so that an a common obsession or dislike of me
So that that seems to be the criterion
Uh these days in certain circles that if you're hating your Rogers then all of a sudden you become real bosom buddies
Yeah, well, that's something. Yeah, that's what we were talking about earlier if you're not my
You're not my ally in my enemy. Yeah 1117 at W.I.D. The phones are just really sizzling in the good
Yeah, we have a whole lot of hands. Well, I haven't taken it only happened one time that Friday night
I was on what you wait over the
But that is the same or something. I'll never forget that idea you and cost were on together. I don't know
I know I've had you and cost for it were on together. Yeah, and it just been on a Friday night and we were even using four-letter
We could get a phone call, but I think you know, I think that night it was just I mean not even fruitcake call that night
He was doing his rain. That's it doesn't call today. I don't think so anyway
People I want to talk about radio and TV and the cable systems. I don't want to do another whole show on cable and satellite
No, because that's a waste of time. Great, but I mean, you know, oh, let me let me tell you something
Yeah, look at that this time the light up. Let me tell you last time we were here
We talked about the telephone company getting involved that is really moving along the telephone. Yeah
They've started to tighten the screws what they've done is they've made an offer to the national association of broadcasts
One of the big issues with broadcast is cable systems are dropping certain over the air stations
You know some of the smaller UHF stations well the the telephone companies of America
I think it is telephone association of America
They've promised the NAB that if the NAB backs their
Backstead them getting into cable television that what they would do was promised that all over the ex stations would be
Carried free for all time, which is really tightening the screws now the NAB hasn't
Officially reacted to that yet, but they're looking at the proposal
But the thing is this whole movement is picking up momentum and it is gonna come before Congress and if people if you want to spend a phone call
Well contact your congressman contact your senator and tell him when this issue comes before you this year
I want you to give it a good look because you're not you're being treated chabbly by your cable company
and
The the phone company is gonna make a major push to get in and it's really the only hope if the phone company gets in
This whole business of not being able to get stations like sports channel not being able to get WGN will be history
You'll be able to pick up your phone dial a certain number with a code and you'll be you'll dial up the you'll pick the cable station
You want on your set where should have been exactly how it should been and the cable company is and the phone company is the only hope
It it's not it's not a panacea. There'll probably be problems with the phone company too
But when I wrote the piece as I said just ask yourself which monopoly are you more happy with now your phone service or your cable service for all
It's problems. I don't think there's any question which one provides better more reasonable more
inexpensive service so this this is something we brought up last time it was really the first time we discussed it publicly and
And it is picking up momentum
So that's good news. Yeah, it's usually we get nothing but bad news with the cable system 20 minutes past 11 at W.I.D
Look at that board man
We got two chicken calls on the board with Tom jicke. This is right tomorrow
Tomorrow is gonna be 13 years that I've been on the earth town
I'm gonna have and I always told you that every single day is like the first day
It doesn't make any difference what's going on?
It doesn't make any difference what you've been talking about and they're making a difference what the
Climate is so to speak in a community just the same kind of thing every single day
Like we're starting all over and when you answer the phone the first call is gonna be a request for the i95
Probably okay, we got a couple of lines open and Broward five go well don't get don't start
Tell them that okay wait till he gets him on hold yeah, they're all going now
But you just mark my words trust me. I know my customers. Okay Miami. Hello
There we go see there's our first call now. I have a feeling is there somebody on there?
There is somebody on there. Okay, I must be I'm gonna put it back on hold it must be this thing is screwed up again
I mean it's so embarrassing to go through this every stinking day. Okay. Let's see. There's a
Miami hey, yeah
How you doing? I'm on a mobile if I can get in okay, sir. You're on right now
Hey, good morning. I didn't realize I was I didn't think you were picking right up
You know I have to come about Neil is the fact that since the whole thing that happened with in the sports and
Of how the media handles the different things all of sudden the fact that
I'm not gonna mention names like you don't like to throw names around the University of Miami
Coach who now becomes the coach of a professional team how that has been focused and become such a center of attention to the shoes
It's and like you say it's just a game. It's just a radio show will these people do break it?
But you don't think that's a major story I do
It is but it is
Not just that he became a coach of the team. I mean they sold the team Landry had been there since the franchise was started in Dallas
I yes
And they've been dying on the vinyl as few seasons to the point of embarrassment
And now they seldom thing and Johnson leaves in a hole. Oh, I have two lines on David Shuler leaves and
Yeah, I mean, it's it's a big story. I mean granted it is only a game
But within the context of that it's a major story
I think we lost them by the I have a theory on this whole David Shuler thing
I think I think David Shuler left so we could come back
Were you on five sir? Is this you me? I'm with you. Okay. In other words, this is the same color
I had two lines punched up at the same time. Okay. I'll get a little crack up on my line
Okay, well, what you know what else is there to say? It's a major story and whether you know sports
Is that important to you or not? Isn't relevant within the context of news? It's a big story professional in the business
I would respect your professional opinion you feel that it's worthy of the amount of coverage you're giving it yes
Absolutely. Yeah, I like it say I respect your opinion
No, I knew it was a lot of sports is overblown and that it's just a game and that people get just hysterical like the Super Bowl
We get like three days of coverage over a three-hour ballgame
But in this case it is a big news is to a certain extent is what people are interested in right now
If you're interested, this isn't only sports. It's business too
Okay, when I made when an NFL team is sore like that. It's big business
You're right. It's major business on the other side of it
Then you get three days in the news of near Rogers being harassed by a hell and they on look with that
Well, I'll tell you one thing you know you say three days in the news where they put this story that they buried it in the
Sun sent no you'd have to have a magnifying glass to find that story and what in the Harold only appears in the Broward edition
So evidently they don't feel like when you know police abuse their power and try to set people up to destroy them
That's a major story the TV stations to the best of my knowledge didn't even use it channel 4 cent a guy on here
But didn't even use the story so again, you know
You the problem is that you can be just decimated you can have everybody attacking you from all angles in a personal way
I'm not just talking about throwing barbs out because I do that as well as anybody
But I'm talking about trying to destroy your life and my colleagues in the media in this town
Even though I've been here tomorrow 13 years don't feel it's significant enough a story to really give it any coverage
Which is pretty damn poor it's pretty pathetic and you know Steve made a comment yesterday when I was on his show with norm
Kent he said well you've ticked off a lot of people at the TV stations big deal
That's too bad well the story has got nothing to do with whether they like me or not if they're too small
To cover the story because they don't like me then they're not journalists
Well, that's the thing is you know just divorce the personality entirely
It's the practice if this is true of the police
Encouraging someone else to set someone up where a crime
Not only wouldn't be committed
But it hasn't even been considered being committed and the police are encouraging somebody to put someone in a position
If it can happen to you it can happen to anyone else suppose you know to take it to a to an extreme
You're a well-known personality, but suppose this same cop has it in for his neighbor. Yeah, well any college
Let's take your did the cop out of it. Let's say any cop has an in for its neighbor
I mean could he do this kind of thing and destroy a person's life you bet
To me there's a much bigger issue than then this single officer and and Neil Rogers
It's what are our police doing that they're supposed to be there to protect us not not to put us into jeopardy
Okay 25 past 11 at W I O D and we'll come back
Well, I heard a rumor to use that a lot. So that's why we're doing it
It's heard a rumor you saw that music fits in that you saw Bill cost for does that true?
I saw Bill cost that there was a wedding that involved someone from the
Fort Lauderdale News and someone from the Miami-Hero last Saturday and so you had both newspapers were there
It was really kind of strange to was it you know everybody sitting around smoothing
Yeah, listen to pretty strange seeing Bill cost for it in town because he's here so rarely does he have a
But he said just a hello to you or does he stay at the holiday in for a couple of days?
I don't think he's got a permanent residence anymore in town because
We've been trying to get him on here. We've only been here four months now in a couple of days
It'll be four months and we just can't make contact everything
He's the only human being that you communicate with through answering machines and never actually speak to directly only on the answering
He knows you've got to find out where the next film festival is and then dragon down there
Havana they have a
Heart Film Festival they have a big convention of suits that's coming up in town
When they have that bill will be there right there front of the lies a great guy, but a little on the pseudo side
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach with Tom jicke. Hello. Hi, how are you?
I'm really not in Palm Beach. I was a downtown my am I'm head back north and that's telling him right now
What I asked two questions number one?
I guess being a native born Floridian born and raised in Miami. I come y'all up for now to write
ma'am
Yeah, you and
Mars Maglima
Irv Shinler back on here. My am a beach my am off. That'll make you doubly happy
The reason I called is I just want you to know that you all aren't the only ones that are happy that that guy Charles is going to be leaving
JN out
He's been nothing but bad news day came up here. No, he was bad news before he came up there
I've been bad news he's been bad news ever since he's been on the air sir believe me
I have no idea he was out as well. Come fill. He was supposed to fill in for Steve here for a few days
Several months ago, and he was filled in one show I think in the
And in the opposite Iran and the opposite direction and said thanks, but don't come back
Well, I don't blame him. I'm just wondering why it took so long for the people up here to where I should stay up in Palm Beach
It didn't take long. He's only been there was six months. Yeah, his act. No, I don't think even at long
His average job is you know like about how often people change underwear
Well, I'll tell you you know, he is not exactly very well received in the area
Yeah, well, let me just tell you this if it's true that Rick Siderman's gonna replace him
You're gonna wish you had him back, okay?
Well, I'm mr. Axes. I think you call them
I wanted to tell us a little bit about him because we're really not too familiar
Well, I don't know first of all if it's true that he's gonna be up there and secondly
I'm certainly not gonna be the last one to promote his show if he is okay
So you'll have to listen for yourself and get a good dose of his right wing fanatical homophobic propaganda
And you know, maybe you're like it. I don't know. Okay, and then one last thing before I go off the air
You know up in Palm Beach County area after like about seven o'clock at night. It's very very hard to get your station
Yeah, well all the AM stations have to change pattern and power at the nighttime
So that's that's what happens at sundown whenever each month of time changes
But it's sundown AM radio kind of disappears. Okay. All right. We'll enjoy you show. Okay. Thank you
I'm thinking about it. Yeah, did you see the piece I did on on their little the night that Steve and I were on that show up
There with Jim Ackerman and yeah, they won't let their people go on boy
How is that for faith in your own people? They won't even let followers call this show anymore on that well
Obviously if they won't they won't appear on a PBS public affairs show they won't allow the people to go on isn't that
ridiculous. I mean talk about paranoid and petty
Child it yeah
And there are people within the market who call us Bill Tanner calls us done Cox calls us all the time
Sonny used to even know about on the air now
But when he was he would call us all the time there are other people in the market who are competitors
Buidel calls us. I mean, I don't understand what kind of juvenile paranoia that is I just it's a bush league
Let's face it. See that's the one area where I disagree with your newspaper. Okay too much emphasis on everything
Palm Beach Palm Beach is not Palm Beach is just like there. It's a half a million uncredited growing area
But it's a bush. I mean this is bush league to begin with but Palm Beach is so far be behind us
I mean, it's like in a twilight zone. Yeah, but the people are wide up on radio and Palm Beach are there two categories basically
People who never should have been on a year in the first place like John Lovett to use an example or Jim Ackerman or people who are on the way out
Like Mike Miller and Lee Fowler and the people
I'm gonna change Palm Beach now is going through what Miami went through 2025 years ago in that it's changing from just a sleepy little hamlet where people
Come I disagree with you. I was in Palm and I'm not saying it was because I was there
But when I was there 14 years ago that town was happening. I mean it was a pretty decent town. Oh, yeah
But there's a population explosion. Yeah, but you're talking about in the hinterlands. Okay, but what's
Even toilet now everybody
But it's going to change the market's gonna change drastically
You're gonna get people moving down from the north and from the Midwest and and you're gonna you're gonna lose that small town
Mentality and a lot of these people are there now are gonna disappear the same as people are used to be on the air here
That you couldn't get a job here now and and you're gonna see that change and I think it'd be foolish not to not to try and reach those people
We're a better newspaper than the Palm Beach post so why shouldn't we try and send the people that goes without saying
Okay, it's 1133 at W.I. Don't want to get you on the spot there about Palm Beach
It's just that I get so tired of reading about what shows are gonna be on PBR and J&O. I don't nobody cares
Not my car. I mean I mentioned it in the listings that I cover process with the Palm Beach stations, okay
Well, you know what that you know the business that's a product of good promotion people send it to get an
Radio listing as unfortunate as it is is all you got to do is send the listing to the to the club who puts the listings
And then you'll get listed that's it. I mean it by the way our one-open line-os in Palm Beach
I just mentioned that in past time six five five WIO six five five nine four six three
We're not we're not right-wing enough for Palm Beach on this show. That's a problem
This whole station's a little a little bit too progressive for Palm Beach. Well and Mike Millison now
Yeah, that's it. That's it. We're getting ready for Lee. So you put that
Combination together. We can't handle it. I want to tell you lady
That's what I always liked about Lee founders that he was original it's 1138 to WIO D Tom jica is our guest today during the entire duration
We sure hope some lunches coming don't you yeah
I'm gonna be pretty embarrassed to get away in the ones he's doing that's a problem on the days when I don't want the food
Then we get enough food for the Chinese army on the days when we have a an honored guest like Tom jica
Then we sit here and just kind of wonder with trepidation whether anything's gonna show up or not
But somebody will come through won't they hope so won't they nice we have to feed Tom or Thomas
Maybe he'll be a lily and he looks like he's gonna join the Bob mayor school of broadcasting my Emmy. Hello
Hi Neil. I just want to make a couple of comments and ask Tom a question first of all I support you and what you're going through with this
jerk
I found it very interesting on yesterday's on Steve show when you came on and
I started out listening to Steve and then when you came on I listened to you and I really got to an interview
or show but before I ever listened to you I used to dislike you just based on everything I heard from everybody else
and I found it really interesting that
Steve has come all the way around I mean before he was buddies with this guy
And all of a sudden they started attacking him and then all of a sudden he's you know
This guy is horrible, you know
And I just found it really interesting and I could agree with you the way you got upset yesterday with well
I you know I still have some problem but I'm not we're not you know
There's no point it's kind of productive Steve was right about that to continue it on the air
I have problems with a lot of things that have been done many of which ironically were done on this station
Our entire programs were done hate shows against me and I'll be the first one to admit that I've probably taken shots at everybody in a media in this market at one time or another
But I don't do entire programs on people I don't invite the audience to call in and crucify people
That's a whole different story and I can think of numerous occasions when that was done on this station not only by Steve
But by two of the people who used to be in this time slot neither of whom belonged on the year in the first place
Okay, when they would do entire shows just assassinating me on the air
Inviting that individual among others to come on a year and do that and and you know
This is a thing maybe Tom can come and this is the only market I've ever heard of in my life
Where there are stations who cannot compete with a particular talent in me in this case
And so as opposed to trying to bring in somebody who can compete they try to get you off the air
If you ever in your life heard of that whether it's in New York or any of the markets
This is one of the few markets in the country where people talk about each other's
But they do it everywhere now. I mean now it's commonplace in New York. They do it all the time now
But that's a new job. They don't try to get each other off the air
That's it. I know
It's not heard of Paul Isle would sit right right in this station, you know right at this microphone
We're gonna do if it's the last thing I do I'm gonna get him off the air ironically
Yeah, and I'm here in the time slot doing double already in one book double the number that he ever did on a good day
Okay, yeah, I mean while he was one of your big fans
Really?
Another closet. Neely. Yeah one thing that I think about I can understand how it's kind of productive to both of you be fighting on the air with Steve and everything and and it's not good
But just one comment that I want to make it's very difficult. I don't think you should have started in the beginning
But it's very difficult when somebody's putting all the story laundry which a lot of it is not true
Out to the public and then they expect from one moment to the neck for the public not to you know
Just tune off about it and it's really upsetting because it's very hypocritical from other people
Well, you know when you're in contact with somebody again
I don't want to perpetuate but when you're in contact with somebody day in and day out as he was with this individual and cruel
Gables and having numerous conversations with him it stretches my credibility my
My imagination and believe that anybody could be so naive
Maybe Steve just naive as not to understand the sinister nature of this campaign that was being waged against me
It just happens that at the time it was expedient because I was on this on another station and he was here
But you know again, there's no point in just burying into the ground. It happened
I guess if he had to do it over again
Maybe would have done it differently, but it's it's behind us. No definitely and Neil you guys have a great show and
And I really look forward to listening to you guys every day and Tom. I wanted to ask you a question now
I really want to know what really happened with sunny fox and what other rumors? Where is he gonna turn?
I can't tell you what really happened because nobody is speaking the the matters in the hands of attorneys
But apparently what happened what I've been able to piece together from people at the station who spoke on off the record was
That sunny and the management there had a dispute on a Friday morning after one of his programs
And it involved a contest that they were doing and sunny more or less said you could take this job and shove it and
As people do and don't mean
But that was the all the
Adjustification they apparently needed to go you quit you quit we heard you quit you him quit
I heard him quit and they said that was it now. I can say that's all piece together from a little here a little there
It's nothing that you know, I'd want to chisel into concrete, but I'm fairly confident in my sources. That's what happened
And what do you think you might turn up? I think he might turn up somewhere
About three quarters the way up in the dial
As soon as ownership changes hands
Yeah, it didn't that sail fall through well
Thanks, I'll did but there's going to be a sail. Yeah, and I think that's where he'll wind up. Okay. Well, thank you very much
And you guys get a great show thanks for calling
1143 a W I O D an open line and date with Tom jica 7519463 751 W I O D Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Hi
Hey Tom. How you doing? I have a cable story. I'm sorry. You may not want to hear too many stories on cables today, but I have to tell you this one
About a week and a half ago on Monday night out here. I live in Kendall
They were going to have a paper view wrestling match now. I'm a wrestling fan. Oh, like Steve and
It was a paper view and I call on Monday was on Monday night and they confirmed the hookup
So I proceeded to invite my cousin who was an employee fan. He came over from higher. Lea. He lives in higher
Gardens area with his family over to my home Monday night
He comes over. We switch on the cable and it's not working and I receive an a signal
So I called the cable company back up and I says listen
I hooked up this afternoon and they said okay, go check my check and it was on again
gave me about 10 minutes worth and then I was sent a cut off again
This time I call it I wanted to speak to the same girl, okay
She tells me that she's unable to override the computer and the computer cut my system off
And after why she was well because you're a monthly on your on your payment
And I says well, excuse me man, but I've been a client or customer viewers now for about a year and a half
I've hooked up every single pay per view
Wrestling match and boxing match
I've watched them all paid for them all just because I'm one month late now. You're gonna disconnect my
Yes, yeah, I am I says uh as any supervisor like no, I can't well. What are you late with the bill? Well, just one month
Well, just one just as your choice of works
What it was well, okay, yeah, this is my word against fairs. No. I mean you say just one month. They might say your month late
Well, I paid last month because I had that pay per view for wwf and now this month it was for nw
So I
My month late and they say well, that's the best leverage they have against you to cut you off
I mean, I'm not applauding what they did
But you know you you did say you well late with the bill
As you're dealing with a monopoly they treat people like crap and what can I say that's the way they are and like we discussed last time
Tom was here when you get all these outages and it's out for hours and hours
You know, it's on days when it isn't even raining or anything and it just goes out for hours and hours
I don't know if anybody except those people are really made practically a personal crusade out of it
And we're willing to take the time to do it whoever got refunded or deducted from their bill on all that time that missing when you have no service
And just they have a monopoly within their own communities and they go don't give it damn about anybody
Which is why store just arbitrarily takes G in away and other people just don't want to give it to you or the sports channel
They just give you all the schlock that they can get on there and they don't give it them what you want
Yeah, well, I based myself mainly on I'm a paying customer and I've been a paying customer
I've always had and I've never had a problem with them and they just didn't want to hook me up
There's no way and here I am stuck with from my presence family was here
I had a group of you are embarrassed that you didn't pay a bill
And you're embarrassed that you didn't tell your cousin's family to chip in and pay the bill
Put up with this company's crap because I don't how much they charge for the rest of the way how much do they charge for the wrestling?
Here ring how much they charge you for the rest of 1495 wow for one that what is it?
Three hour show
Three-and-a-half hour show. Yeah, if you believe that 1495
Yeah, I'm so don't go I have paid it in the past, but that's it. I'm going with satellite you guys change my mind
I've been listening to your show for some time. Matter of fact, I'm the psychic of rings any both for Nero
I called before and I'm going with satellite and okay
Well, I got a satellite commercial coming up right now
So keep listening get your panhandi because I got a phone number for you, okay?
And the phone number is
797 star in Fort Lauderdale at 797827 that phone number covers from the keys to the Palm Beach D
1152 at WIOD time jik is here. No food yet
Well, it's good to have my diet. No, but that would be embarrassing. I really would I mean we always brag about the fact we can get
Great food in here almost any day, right?
Well, yeah, although I will say this we've given Carmine a long rest true
I don't want to put the pressure on him down there at Flores, but we've given him a lot of just a hint Carmine
Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi Neil. Hi Tom. I just wanted to give you a call
I've always been a subscriber to the new son Sentinel and I've never really read any of your work in the news
Miami news because I never read that paper
But I heard Neil talk a lot about you know I was excited when he said you were coming to the son Sentinel
I wanted to tell you I love what you folks have done with the TV book
I think it's a great job. It's a lot better looking at the lot easier to read and
Actually, it's the first part that I turn to when I get my Sunday paper now. I I love your question and answer column
I love reading love reading about like
Gordon Stevens and and all the things that are happening inside the industry and I think it'd be interesting for a weekly column
Just about things like that. Well, it is. I mean that's what's going to happen to Gordon
He's doing nothing. He's doing voiceovers. No, we have a feature now in the paper. It started about
Surely after I got there it's called TJ Q and A and people sending questions about you know
What's this guy doing and what happened to this program and all the other things and we and we answer about five or six questions every week
I think it's really interesting also as far as the phone company getting involved with cable
For some reason the phone company's got a really negative
Reputation just like the IRS or something. I don't know me. I don't know why because anytime I call
Southern Belver anything like getting a jackpot in the house or a complain or anything
They're here the next day. They're people their customer service people are the greatest people on the phone
They're the only company that I've ever written to a supervisor to tell them how how appreciative of that I was of how courty of service
Oh, no, I have I you know granted any big company you got to have a problem somewhere along the line
But no compare the phone company to cable company right? I phone company
You pick up your phone and you got a problem you get somebody right? I got a problem with your cable
And I've had a lot of different cable companies and you call those people you've got a good book to read while you sit on hold
You're automatically put on hold for ten or fifteen minutes and then you get someone who's not her problem
And she gives you to someone else that you put on hold again
And then they're picking their nose. They're they're eating while they talk. It's just like listening to this show sometimes
Just a joke
But but no, it would definitely be an improvement. I want to ask two questions number one if
How long do you think it realistically would be before the phone company could possibly be involved in the
Realistically, I would doubt it would be much sooner than two or three years
But really you think well that there's going to be hearings and and the cable industry has just armed themselves to the teeth
Financially they're fighting this as if this was their last stand would it probably would be
And I have a feeling that these hearings will drag on and Congress being what it is things rarely get done the first time that it's brought up
But the ball has to start rolling somewhere and and I think it will happen
And I think that the more people contact their their congressman and let them know the depth of their feeling the pay raise issue
Was is a good example that there was really an outpouring of public
Feeling about that and and it got it done
I'm not sure that I agree entirely what how it was done and what happened
But it did happen and if there's anything else that people are really moved about it's their cable television
And and I don't know that the congressman attend to be some sometimes removed from the community or is aware of the depth of
Feeling on this issue don't most cable companies have a franchise for five or ten years though so wouldn't the phone
Well, yeah, but they're not exclusive franchises
They're exclusive only to the extent of that no one goes into an area where a cable company exists
I shouldn't say no and it's rare that that another company goes in because it's just so terribly expensive
Which the company company has the deep pockets to go in and over build is the expression
Right, but it's like and if this two in there you know you're going to get good service
The cable industry's argument is that the phone company is so powerful and so rich
That as soon as they get in that they would put the cable companies out of business
And there would be no competition again right which I say fine the phone company's been a monopoly for a long time
And I'm satisfied with the service they give me I was never satisfied with the service I got from my cable company
Okay, let's take another one before the news from Miami. It's the same guy is the same guy with the uh-oh
We stopped him years ago anyway. Well, thank you honey. I dumped it. We have an open line in date 751
WIOD it's good. No, he's back though that's
We kind of we have an idea who it is if it's the same guy and look at that three lines just dropped off when he had disappeared
And that guy that's promising two and brown or five two four WIOD and one in bokeh 278
9463 well, I don't I don't understand these people at all some days for it lauderdale. Hello. Hi. Well, I got another cable complaint for you
Okay, HBO is the pit
Why is that?
Kirk on Broward Beach
It has the worst reception we've ever seen we've complained about it for a whole week
26
CNN
felcork
felcorks HBO
And of course you get all the sparklies and the flutteries on any excuse there's in any excuse for it
It's in their equipment. It's in their lines because they're picking it up right off the satellite and
Comment I can both tell you having you know satellite issues that the picture is as clear as a bill that they that they are getting
So it's something in their transmission lines in her equipment from them to you and they have you know
They got no business giving you an inferior picture. That's a one thing. I should expect this is a quality picture
It's only at night by the way
It's not so bad during the daytime, but at night it's terrible. We can't even watch it and work it
We're in a condominium that's serviced by cell Kirk
And we are demanding a
refund on the HBO because we do pay extra for it
Well, I have had no problem with my HBO. It's interesting though. I got a note
The other day from them that I think between March 1st and 7th, which was thought tomorrow
There's gonna be those atmospheric conditions and that you might have but even when that happens
That's just a very minor inconvenience for a very short period and fun spots
Yeah, and it only happens maybe once or twice during the period now
There's no excuse. It's their problem and they should be required to fix it
You should get a raise raise how with them in fact if a bunch of people got together whichever cable company
It is a getting inferior pictures and just refuse to pay your bills until they straighten the picture out
Or at least withhold that part of the bill for whichever ones aren't coming in then I think you get some action and when you call
I'm telling them that your next call is gonna be to your congressman. I guess it would be E. Clay show up for you
Yeah, tell me you're gonna call his office and suggest that when
Telephones entrance into the cable TV field comes up that you're urging him to support it. Can I have one more question?
Yeah, real quick
What happened to it? It got canceled after two weeks two shows something like that
Really? Yeah, it was on it. It came on. They had a sneak preview on a Wednesday or Thursday night
They put it on Sunday and I think after the second week they canceled it. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Good luck
Okay, yeah, one thing I will say I say a lot of bad things about continental cable
Which used to be American cable but they have straight in their equipment are the pictures on virtually every channel is excellent
And as there's no reason why it shouldn't be on any of the cable systems
That's that's the big thing that you're paying for not just the selection of the different channels
But for a quality picture and if they're giving you a screwed up lousy thing and also by the way
We got a run here for the news, but channel six is coming in a lot better. Well, they said they'll yeah, they were they were they were better
Not perfect. I know they've made a lot of improvements. Okay. Okay. We have an open-line in bokeh with Tom jickel
Come back after the news 278 9463 278 wiod April worth of next with the new news and we'll be back in 1205
News talk radio 610 wiod presents
Neil Rogers to get in touch and talk call 751 wiod in date 524 wiod and broard or 655 and 278
Wiod in the Palm Beach's other areas make all collect the opinions expressed by the host guests or collars are not
Necessarily those of the station now here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 wiod
You never know 1205 at wiod the or Rogers our guest is Tom jickel the TV radio editor for the four-letter
Del News and son sender were talking about TV and radio and cable and satellite dishes all alike I said you know
We'll answer the questions about cable and satellite, but we did almost four
So and I'm going through cable harrow time everybody's got one, you know, it's like a puppet
Yeah, well, you know
They've got you coming in every way because it's so hard to get through to them
And you got to wait forever on hold and listen to Glenn hunting's voice for 30 minutes, you know
And it's just uh
Most people have got a life. They don't have time to do that exactly
It's like if maybe we could find somebody I don't want to mention to any aims, but somebody just popped into my mind
Always a lot of spare time maybe he could be cut of the cable coordinator and all the people who got a problem
We ought to check it out. Well, I don't need someone who can spend eight to twelve. I was about doing that
Absolute endless amount of time. Okay. We have an open line in bokeh 278 9463 278 wiod
What is that? Oh boy, isn't that great? Let me have that and
Let's go to Miami here to start this hour. Hello. Hello. How you doing?
Do you change something more or less, but I really am
Very much for you. We really appreciate your staff yourself for the Christmas present when I help support the
house and
I haven't called in because of insufficient usually here in the car and between shop and the car now
What happens is I think there's a very distinct relationship
Between what's happening to you and what's happening to someone rusty now in a religious way no, but in a sense that it's a way of
Using the power of the law whereas my command is using the power of his state
The silence of somebody that they disliked for whatever reason
And I see no support a very little support in Miami from the press I agree and it's really tight
They haven't only just you know, this is a 30th page story anytime this stuff comes out
It's been it's been going on for 20. I'm not just talking about the episode yesterday
Which for all we know is unrelated at least as best as we can determine
But I'm just talking about the ongoing saga of a witch hunt against somebody who you know is in the media is controversial
And I guess there are some people say well you're just looking for publicity
I don't need that kind of publicity. I you know
I'm the first one who had wished that it would go away and never come back
So I'm not looking for publicity
But for crying out loud when this kind of a suppression goes on and kind of witch hunt is going on right in their own midst
And the people people in television haven't done one minute to the best of my knowledge about any of this not one of the local TV stations has done
One second on any of this witch hunt
Well, they were yeah the other night inside story brought it up some right now they didn't he wasn't part of the story
They mentioned it well they used the you for your good piece, but again, it certainly was not about the witch hunt
Well, I think they're also afraid of the financial aspect of lawsuits and this dollar is very persistent
I think because the possibility of what you're doing
He just might find himself at the other end of the lawsuit the radio station he worked for previously lost a great deal of money if I understand how the ratings had dropped
And a much of this was pressure to fire you or find some way well
There's no question that he destroyed almost single-handedly a business relationship between me and Guy Gannon
I mean we had our problems already like you do with any company
But they certainly were an extraordinary because I was there for four and a half years
Which by most standards in this business pretty good amount of time right on two on both of their radio stations in the market
Did extremely well on both of them and it was only after this witch hunt started that the relationship really began to deteriorate rapidly
And again, that's that's a violation of the law when you interfere in people's business relationships
That's illegal well, it's certainly unethical and illegal
Certainly was an attempt to interfere in mine and cause problems with me and my employers and again all I can say
My only cent apparently was was not being a
And I got to tell you something
I'm sick and tired of hearing how long it takes the floor to bar to do this and how long it takes this one to do that
I mean you know there are situations in this country which is why we sought an injunction in court in Dave County
And the judge was too busy sleeping and waiting to go to lunch to give us any time or do us any justice
But I mean you know this is a kind of thing that should be put to a stop immediately
Okay, and if they have to investigate all the other ramifications fine do it down the road
But in the meantime put a stop to it and give everybody a breather and let us go on with our business and do our lives
Without this interruption and harassment
Well what's there irritating me is it's interfering with the show
I really enjoy the life of someone interfering with the show
I'll tell you one thing when I came in here yesterday between all of that
And then this other witch hunt that they tried in Hollywood over the weekend that I found out about
I don't even think I should have been here yesterday
I really shouldn't because there was no point in being here
Neil I can hear it I can hear it in your mind it's kind of through destroying your
You can't help but have pressure on you let's face it
Well the gentleman is sitting across from me went through a week of intensive
Uh, harassment and was it was a total basket case?
I've known him for many many years and I've never seen him in such a mental state as he was at the end of just one week of it
So you can imagine 20 months which comes out to 80 some weeks
You can just imagine how anybody would feel after your this this witch hunt that's been going on
Well, I think that you have to understand that that you do have sort of support
There is public support
But I'm afraid that we're in an era now where people don't want to get involved
Especially people in position and lawsuits and lawyers and legality, you know, it really snowballed. Let's face it
And that's part of the pressure that he's putting on you being part of the legal profession
He's very much aware of this and that's how to utilize it
And that's why he ought to be put down very quickly
Yeah, I agree with you the legal profession if there's anybody that should be worth doing something about this
They should do it immediately. Yeah, I'm wondering where all my great all these great the legal mines are in this community
And datebroward in Palm Beach counties all these mavens who are making millions and millions of dollars practicing law
I wonder where they are with their help and where they're intervention and with their protest to the Florida bar
If they would get together and do something about this perhaps we could you know do something a lot
I can't thank his industry is very proud of them
Well, if they're not very it's one thing not to be proud
It's another thing to do something about it and it's got to be done soon
Well, listen, I want to really thank you all and very much for all of the support that you've done for all their projects with
All through the years all right, I know you're very involved socially involved in the community
And I really support you okay? Well, I appreciate it very much. Thanks a lot. Okay, it's 11 past noon at W.I.O.D
Both the Palm Beach lines are dormant in both a 278 W.I.O.D. and in Palm Beach 655 946
That's just really touched on something
I mean you had your Camille House campaign you raised about $40,000 here. I'm trying to destroy that
Well, I know that I know that with letters to Dexter Laitman suggesting that we were sending up sanity through the US mail
Right, and could you imagine though if if someone used the amount of time that's gone into this campaign for some positive end
But I mentioned the good of it yesterday. I don't see I don't want to generalize
But I don't see most right wingers doing those things most of them are too busy pointing the finger in accusing and conducting witch hunts
And not involved you know bush talks about this nebulous thousand points of light which nobody knows what they're all
He's talking about including him
But you know as far as really getting down and involved in concrete projects and helping people who need your help and doing the kinds of things that we did with the Camille House
You don't find it from right wingers and many of whom are supposedly born again Christians and holier than thou
Well, the more they're so Christian how come they're not involved in helping is I don't think the way you conducted
Themself at least certainly in my case and I guess yours even more so in yours has anything that it all and resemblance to Christianity and the spirit of love and kindness
12 minutes after noon at W.I.O.D. I wanted to talk about 1216 at W.I.O.D
Why West Paul hobby when you need him?
I just want to tell you an episode
I don't want to keep referring to this other situation verb because the guy made a good point
It does it it interferes with the show and interferes with our ability to do the show
But I'm trying to think of one business that really was overwhelmed by this individual and his comments about me and all the threats and so on
Remember we used to do those appearances at E-Mac and bolio's the ice cream store up in
Lauderdale where we had two thousand people on two different occasions
Yeah, and where they had the two biggest days in business that they ever had up there they're out of business
And they didn't advertise with us and one of the main considerations and they're not advertising with us
Were these phone calls that they kept getting from this individual our friend down in Coral Gables. They're out of business
Yeah
Anyway, just mentioned that in passing at 1217 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in bokeh at 278 9463 mobile in West Palm hello
Hey Neil. Yeah, how you doing? Okay, everyone bird? All right
Needle this big see from the ocean. I'm on my way down 95 where I got taken cherry pies down to cubic
Okay, anyway seriously
Yeah, I'm getting cereal. Yeah, I'm real cereal right
I really would to preview story. I'm a little bit of a long time. I'm living Stewart, Austin, Bogey
I used to catch you on a morning show on that FM station
Yeah, they used to be on the area. I used to drop three little girls all three morning at the high school Stewart
Martin County High School and man, it go wild over you. And
The oldest crap down is just taking too much in it. I think the numbers ought to show that
You know our skies out here and your audience really does enjoy. I don't understand
And you have to say the Mr. Reg from
Poor Gables aren't you about to mention his name at all? I don't want to dignify him by mentioning his name, okay
I mean, I think it sucks to say it through it really
If I don't want to listen to you this this continental has got a goddamn dial on it. You know, and I can pop it
Well, that's the thing you know community stand is supposed to be one of the gauges and obviously
His track record here the way the audience follows him from station to station would seem to indicate that there are
thousands upon thousands of more people who
In agree with what he does and enjoy what he does
Then there is this one individual and is rapidly diminishing
Legion of followers
Who are offended by it and and the alternative like you say is turn the dial if you don't like it turn the dial
Elra the Tom I I totally agree with you but the point is is that I
Consider myself. I don't know this guy. I really don't care to know him, okay?
I consider myself to be as important in life as he is
I and I happen to enjoy listening to Neil Rogers and a bird especially really better when they're on at six and more than
Because you get out of bed and the guy made you feel alive
I worry hell is he get the right to come out here and tell me and then and all the other listeners that enjoy Neil
That we can well, I'll tell you why this is a bigger issue than that really
And and again, I like to approach this from from the point of the entire broadcast industry
And I know other things rather than just individualize it down to Neil because when these things succeed they tend to expand
But this is the issue someone I know who was involved in the practice of law
became aware and saw some of the papers that have been filed in the states
To allow the charges have been filed and he said I don't know whether to laugh or to cry
He said the whole thing is so ludicrous. I should be laughing
He says but having been involved with the law
I know the amount of hours and the amount of money that these public officials these taxpayers supported people have to spend
Responding to these complaints and he says if the public was ever aware of what it's costing the state of Florida
To answer to these charges which they've they've said
Just have no foundation. He said that there would be an uproar
It's costing the taxpayers. God knows how many thousands of dollars to to more or less appease the single individual
Yeah, I can understand that because I'm sure the state doesn't
We're talking that's economical
We're talking about a choked court system
We're talking about police who are overwhelmed with the crime problem and they've got to run around answering to these
To these silly allegations
I think since you are in the media more so maybe the Neil because you're
More common carry and you're in your red by quite a few people every day
What would you suggest that kneels or any talk show per se I don't care that much for
As Steve can I really never listen to him much until it's not an issue of individuals
What can we do? It's it's not an issue of individuals. It's an issue of one person
Setting himself up as a sense of what can unfortunately nothing because this person knows how to use the law and to stay
At least to this point it hasn't been determined that he's done anything outside the boundaries of the law
There might be down the road
Maybe there'll be a different determination made but as of right now
He's well within his rights and it just shows how he's not well within his well
So that's why within his rights and he never has been within his rights to harass people to match threats
But it hasn't been determined that he's done that down
It has been very clearly determined that he's done it the fact that it hasn't gone to court yet is one thing
But to say that he's well within his rights to call people and threaten to hold pressed conferences and expose them for advertising on a
scene in pornographic radio shows
That's not acceptable to take people's words and twist them and manipulate them and lie about the intent of what somebody says on the year
That's not within his rights. That's not the first amendment. That's butchering the first amendment
And Neil can I say one thing now? Yeah, I listen to you as much as I can
I'm fortunate I run a business and during the day it's rough from 10 to 2 but on the road of my camp now
You're constantly on a radio, okay?
I think if I'm fearing away you're probably and I consider myself to be one of your public
As I really don't know who to hell you're talking about that and I like to you
Can I call Tom jick up at the paper tomorrow and find out who this guy is?
I don't like to know well
It's been reported in all the papers. I'd rather you didn't do that for the very reason that he would he might then twist it
And claim that I've insiders you in some way I thought of writing on her out of him
It's been well-mentioned in the papers
Tom out of somebody I'm listening to it where we get the lovely Stuart news and you know to palm beach post which is next to dead
How does he find out how to curiotic who the hell this guy?
I'll tell you what you call me at the paper and I'll read you the story out of the newspaper. That's all I'll do
I appreciate that and and what I said before all I was doing was giving him what he has and given other people
And that's the right of presumption until proven guilty. I happen to agree. He's distorted and twisted and abused the law
You do realize he will I'm giving him he will now quote you on that and say the time
I he will he believed that I didn't say legally he did I happen to believe that he did and that
But I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt until a court determines that he has no no you don't understand what I'm saying
He's gonna quote you on having said that he's well within his legal rights with what he's doing to this moment because he hasn't been found guilty of doing anything
That's as far as I go I'm that even Tom that would be like saying that Ted Bundy was within his legal rights by going out and murdering
People until he was caught
Well, he was innocent until he was proven guilty. That's the only thing that's the only assumption
I mean the big difference the big difference in saying somebody is convicted of doing something wrong in somebody's when they're with
I may be appraised it poorly, but you know how I feel about it. I mean I I I'm just
I'm disgusted by what's going on and
And I have full faith that eventually the legal system will well. I'm glad that you do because I I have no faith in the legal system
None zero and I have listened to these corporate attorneys and he's Washington FCC attorneys
And I've listened to their ridiculous behavior and I've seen the way they've made us take material off the air and and coward and catered to one individual in a community
Who has no more standing than anybody else and I I find it embarrassing their behavior
I agree with that cowardice and their behavior. I think is appalling and they have they these these attorneys collectively have balls the size of peanuts
It's 24 minutes past noon at W. I. O. Day want to tell you about an amazing emergency medical device called life phone
And it's a little pendant that the individual wears around their neck and if you fall down a stairway have any kind of a medical or other kind of emergence more with Neil Rogers
On news talk radio 610 W. I. O. D 1228 at W. I. O. D. Tom jikkes our guest the TV and radio writer for the four-letter deal news
On center. We want to thank our friends at floras. They've done it again. Carmine you're the best they came through delicious
Yeah, we've been sitting here eating and forgot all about thanking that man enough food for the Chinese army
I notice somebody very quietly is already sucked up lunch completely
Meet both not to mention any names, okay now as I recall Tom when you had all the
Problems with the Miami news and all that hubbub was going on that famous week you talk about hell week
Refer to that as as I recall the way you
Exonerated yourself and got off the hook for what you did was getting a tape
Of Neil's rod a tape of the program right and I showed them that I hadn't done anything
One of the more ridiculous charges to show you know how this person operates
Is he wrote a letter to my superior saying and to other people
saying
Did I had called him a lunatic on the air
Well in fact, this is exactly what happened as the tape showed
Someone called up that morning on the program and said that they had watched the movie
I believe it was on channel 39 and that they had heard the f word and how did the station get away with that and I said
And this is just about a direct quote to the comma
I said except for some lunatics who have nothing better to do with their time
Then to sit around and monitor television and radio stations and write complaints to the FCC
Nobody cares
This individual took it to put the shoe on himself that I had called him a lunatic which I wasn't
I was referring to a general class of people throughout the United States
Who said and do that type of activity, but he said no
I had called him a lunatic and that was the extent of the letter that he that he sent to
To my superiors
Thank God there was a tape of the program and I was able to show them and they realized that yes, you know that
That the whole thing, but this is how
This is a pattern of just trying to hurt but that week
Until I got a copy of that tape. I didn't get a copy until Friday
This suspicion was there all week, right and I had to live with it
And in addition to the suspicion came the stream of letters and the stream of letters followed by follow-up letters from some of the people who had been
Contacted by this person and again, what did I do? Well, I guess that my my sin was coming on the Neil Rogers show
And not falling into line on his campaign
Okay, 1230 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in Boka 278-9463 and opening in Palm Beach 655 W.I.O.D. Miami. Hello
Hey, Neil and Tom and the bird how y'all doing? I hope you're doing okay
He has destroying your show though by by one reasoning
He's making you discuss this and and it's taken away from the fun
You usually have and that's and in essence he's gonna end up driving people away because they're gonna get
I understandably so from your standpoint. I mean, you've got to talk about this
But you understand what I'm saying. Oh, absolutely. There's no question about it
And not only that but they've already taken a lot of our material out of here that we were playing earlier with their with their full approval
And you know, he's being allowed to have the same kind of
When you let me finish the sentence please is being allowed to have the same kind of chilling effect on the content of this program
That he was allowed to at the other station and the bottom line is that none of the material that we played over there was found to be obscene or improper at W.I.N.Z
There's absolutely nothing in their FCC file and decay and they investigated it completely
There was nothing wrong with it then there shouldn't be anything wrong with it now
And that's why when you're dealing with cowardly attorneys sitting up in Washington
You wind up sacrificing and giving in and caving into one fanatical individual and that is sinful
It's absolutely unacceptable
That's exactly what happened to me in the one instance where there was an apology printed in the paper
It was done because again an attorney who said Tom you didn't do anything wrong
But let's take the course of least reason off that's always the attitude
Let's take the course of least resistance. Let's cave in let's back away. Let's run away
And it doesn't do any good because when you will eliminate the materially objects to on Monday
On Tuesdays got a whole new batch of material because that's the way a witch hunt works, okay?
Just never stops. I just can't understand how this person
I mean if it was proven once not to be obscene or bad or anything
How can he continue to intimidate another I mean the other stations
You just bring him a file. It says he looked they just the investigation once it was not proved to be to be because as I explained
And I can explain it in my case what the attorney told me says Tom
You did nothing wrong you'd be exonerated and 75 to a hundred thousand dollars later
You would find that out well radio stations are in business to make money
Newspapers are in business to make money and I don't have that kind of money to spend
This is unbelievable. I just cannot believe that this is going on and when jubilee well
I can't believe that the people in the legal profession in this community
Are sitting back under collective asses because it reflects on each and every one of them
When somebody who is a member of their little closed fraternity is behaving like this and conducting a witch hunt
And though when they're not focusing the spotlight and you know doing everything in their power to stop it
It reflects very poorly on each and every single one of them
And it also reflects very poorly on the judge and date county who sat half asleep during our hearing when we asked desperately for an injunction against this
And was more interested in going to lunch than giving us a fair hearing and listening to really what the facts were in the case exactly
Well, you know, Neil and if you want to dump my name you can my name is Kevin Coleman
And I wrote a letter. I don't know if the mr. Disney showed it to you or not. I did write it letter
several weeks ago
I do work
Nearby one of your sponsors the pizza loft and I've started frequently there and mr. Cohen the owner
I'd become you know a regular customer of his and he knows who I am and he knows how I learned of his establishment and how I
How I have
You know started supporting his
His business and the reason and I even asked him had had he had any harassment
He said yes, he's even had harassment
That's because he's a sponsor my friend and every single sponsor he advertisers on this show is harassed and threatened and intimidated
And thank goodness thank goodness most of them have the courage to tell us individual to take a flying leap
Because they advertise for results and we get them all tremendous results
And that's why they advertise not because they're here to be fans or anything else
They advertise because we get a tremendous response
But believe me I went there because I had heard it on your show
But I wouldn't have gone back if I didn't like the food the food there is tremendous and it is somebody that that should be
But you shouldn't go somewhere just because
You know at a spite of this person, but you should go there also because these places are good
You know good establishments to go and I know that Neil has enough credibility that he would not
Put somebody on there. He did not believe it and and I
I
I just I just can't believe that this is being allowed to go on and that I you know
I just can't I can't well, I know you're speechless and so mine
I appreciate your support, but I understand that you're apoplectic and believe me if you think you're apoplectic
You can imagine how I feel especially when I'm constantly being told you know
It's it's like the same pattern unfolding again and the beginning
It's complete support worth thousand percent behind you were this and were that and then all of a sudden little bits and pieces of material
Start disappearing and then there's the disgruntlement with the fact that the the legal bills are mounting and they point you
Oh boy, this is costing us a fortune and legal, but well, you know
The bottom line is somebody has to have some backbone somewhere and stand up and say we're not going to take it anymore
And we're going to turn the tables around and we're going to do everything in our power
Use all of the resources this company's only worth two and a half billion dollars the sisters you talked about
Four and a half billion dollars take those resources and turn them full blast against this because this is fascism and it's got to stop okay
And if they are willing to do it, I'll find somebody who is
It's 1236 at WIOD the winning continue call 39 at WIOD our guest is Tom jica
We're here primarily to talk about radio and TV all over the place here today
We have an open line in dates 7519463 and one of course in Palm Beach we can't we can't cut it would leave up there
6555 WIOD a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi. Good afternoon. Neil
Yeah, last time I talked to you you were doing nights and you were fighting a bill that would have put health food stores out of business
I gave you a call and gave you a list of all the names of the South Florida legislators who sat on the committee that was hearing the bill and
Your listeners called in and the bill was killed
Last time I talked to Tom. We were trying to save sweat chamber. I think on ABC
I just wanted to offer
A couple of things
First of all, I'm chairman of the board of our local young Republicans club and I was part of the
Maconations behind the Rogers Tain Act that we appreciate that by the way
Well, we're gonna file a resolution tonight
We've got a wire meeting and we're gonna file a resolution tonight supporting you and Steve
Because I think one way of fighting this guy and and I'll be more than happy to add my name to his enemies left
One way that we can fight this guy is where he lives and he lives in right wing circles. He lives in Republican circles
I think if we show
Can't believe that his base is even beginning to a road that he might start
smell on the coffee and knock on this
Business off. I think you've probably created a modest syndrome. That's my opinion
Well, I know that these people also thrive on persecution
But I think if we show that that right thinking people you'll forget the expression right thinking people everywhere
Detest what this guy is doing that that at least will build so much popular
The board across the board for for the concept of what you guys stand for that that he'll find that the percentages are
percentages aren't in his favor at all
I might suggest another thing too, Neil
What about starting something called the first to meet fund that everybody in South Florida could contribute to to help pay for the legal expenses
Whenever you guys are up against the wall
Well, I know you know, I just don't think that that would be ethical at all because you know
I'm a private individual and this is a private corporation and
You know for better or worse we're gonna have to you know take care of our own legal fees which are astronomical by the way
But I just I don't think that that would be ethical and accordance with broadcast
You know ethics. I just can't see doing that
I don't mind. I can understand that. I'd sure love to especially for a company that's you know got assets of four and a half billion dollars
I think it would be pretty you know with people sleeping on the streets and starving. I mean
I don't mind you know
I love raising money for causes like that
But to expect the public to subsidize this defense against this witch on that just I don't think it would be a problem again
I bring up the point of the thing that's amazing is that everybody is listening to this program and as a poll by what's going on and who enjoys this program
And although just stands for the basic principles of free speech is supporting the other side of this campaign through their tax dollars
Because it's tax dollars that are being used to investigate all these complaints. However lacking in substance they might be
It's so unfortunate, you know, I can't help but think of the tables we're turned and let's just say that the people for the American way
We're trying to get the late John Broward off the air
That the you you notice that never happens by the way right you notice that people on the left for all the accusations of
Communism and socialism and all of that those of us on the left have never been engaged in that kind of activity of trying to deprive anybody with a different point of view from speaking out
You know our young Republican club is had it's own run in with with this individual in our newspaper that we published monthly
We once wrote a little little snippet that was taken as being
Unkind toward Mike Thompson about a week after the publication and distribution of the newspaper
We got a letter from from this individual stating we were going to take us to court unless we printed a retraction
What we did was we allowed him to print his comments which were published in the following month news letter after those comments have been heavily edited by our own staff
So we've had our own run in with this guy and
I just think it's so unfortunate
so unfortunate and and right thinking people everywhere
We've just got to keep up that letter writing campaign and let the station know that
That we're behind you guys and we also have to patronize your advertisers to show them that
That we're behind them as well isn't it interesting that as this thing unfolds that what's emerging is a pattern that one person
Has set him set up on an obidah on who you can say about what when
I'll give you you know the again the audience may tear of hearing some of this but to me
It's important that they understand just how deep and how far and how pervasive this witch hunt is gone
Give you an example because it included
Even Stan major when we were over working for Janet and
Stan had a theme one the probably the most creative thing that j michael's has ever done in his life that thing was to the tune of my girl
Stan major theme okay where they were saying Stan major and so on we used to play it
It was just a hysterically funny and well done piece of music
It was a song parody which the comedy networks that are all around the country professional comedy networks the radio stations
Subscribe to do song parodies very often they don't waste time getting clearance because it's just it's not
Done for profit. It's just done for humor and entertainment
It's not something that's sold in a record store anything like that
It is traditionally part of the business okay that people just spoof other people's work and don't have to worry about getting clearance
Well, it seems that our friend took the time and he's done this
I don't know how many occasions he did it with a Neil diamond piece the j american didn't kneel in the morning
Took the time to write to Motown to very horny jr and the president of Motown
And let them know that we were stealing this work of the temptations and doing the song parody without paying them rights for etc
To the power we received threatening letters from the legal people with Motown and we had to stop and of course keep in mind that he does it on the legal letter
Had as an attorney again, and you know and again the the the comment from it well
Trying to make neo-rodgers obey the law it's got nothing to do with the law
It's got to do with what is accepted in common practice in this business and that is that song parodies and spoofs and takeoffs like that
Are done routinely without any red tape and without any clearance that's just part of the standard of the industry okay?
You've got to go along to the comments
I made that that he that he twisted and distorted and sent to people they were said they were said and yes
So when it was start so when it starts affecting even the material even harmless material that we can play on the air and
limiting to a great degree the
The sphere of material that we can use for humor or entertainment or what have you you bet your life that's interfering with our right to do business and our right to to
Make a living yeah, and so and you've got the new piece that you to the killing of Georgie which I think is brilliant and
And it's just well. We'll see how long it takes for that letter to go out. Yeah, boy. That's the truth
But I just you know, I just want to reiterate that there are a lot of people out there behind you
Who's this I was having a new dryer delivered yesterday and I had you on and the delivery guy came in and said boy
Isn't it incredible what they're doing a nail and I said you got that right pal?
Yeah, well, we'll see you know again this company's been very good and very supportive at least to this point
I'm a little bit nervous because I've been through the same experience with Ganon before
I'm trying to compare the two companies because Ganon is a mom and pop operation compared to Cox
But I still notice a certain amount of wavering and nervousness and especially with their attorneys in Washington and back away from this and back away from that
I'm not gonna back away from anybody. Okay. I'm sick and tired of being a put on the defensive and backing away
We haven't done a god damn thing wrong on the year over the last two years
I haven't done anything wrong over the last
29 years that I've been in this business whatever I've done on the year has been entertainment has been educational has been
Whatever it's been it's been well within the bounds of FCC guidelines
Which I think I understand better than some of the people in upper-level management
So you know if people think that I'm going to continue backing away and backing away and backing away
They're in a dream world because they're not going to happen just isn't gonna happen
That's right
Tom what do you think of the idea of a private
Individual party not connected with the with the radio or TV industry putting a fun together
I kind of agree with what niel said
I think there are better causes that you could give your money to yeah
I just think that you know, we couldn't possibly get a moral support is fine
I just like I kind of applaud what you're doing because I agree with you that this man travels in right wing circles
And and I think that you know as I said the thing that's eventually gonna turn the tide
I think is when the circle narrows to such an extent that he's talking to himself. Yeah
Okay, we appreciate your help believe me. Take care. Thanks a lot
1248 at W.I.O. Day. I want to tell you about the pizza lofts fast facts
O.D. Okay
Well, 50 at W.I.O.D. How is lunchtime?
Terrific boy. Thanks to those people. Thank you. Thank you. I really need guys. I got a second one. Yeah. Yeah
Okay, we have an open line in date county 751 W.I.O.D 751946 three-tom jica is here for the duration Miami. Hello
Niel. Yeah, I hang in there man. I'm hanging good man
Say I just have a brief statement to make and hope you can bear with me, you know
I think that you really ought to be ashamed to yourself that you have opinion
That you stand up for what you believe in
And that you even try to lead the semi normal life. Yeah, you know, I mean that's disgusting
You know, I know these goddamn douchebags gonna get their heads out of their rectums and smell the roses instead of smelling what they're smelling
Well, I am referred to by this individual in letter after letter to people like George Steinbrenner
And people like Sam Jankovic at you of them as a dangerous
sociopath
Now if I'm dangerous, I'd sure like to see the track record of all of the harmful and dangerous things that I've done in my lifetime
I'd like to see what they are. I'd like to see this documented. Well, you know, you are kind of scared me too
Because one would think that you might think this is America. Mm-hmm
You know, well, it is pretty revolutionary when you live in this town. You're right
Getting carried away. I know and it's like expecting business cards, you know, it's the same kind of unrealistic attitude
Well, that's all I had to say man. You know, you're like, uh, I'm right about it. Okay. Yeah
Three open lines one in date one in Broward one of course in Palm Beach
With Tom jick I'm just finishing up lunch so don't mind me. Uh plantation. Hello. Yes, they help yeah, I don't buddy
Okay, I'm very tired of police officer and I know the
I'm not pushed right now going through now
But before I talk on that
There's a sure by a way to get the your company support behind you
And I really don't want to go through it on the air if you like to call me back or give Nick
Uh, my number but back then
What happened the other night?
Um, you were lucky in a way that that fellow came forward, okay?
Who are you? Oh, you bet your life. I was sure okay. Well, you're gonna be a little
hassle and on uh, you know on
Mention word going out to probably all the other police officers in this great town that we live in which is a hickdow in long pants
Okay
They will now try to harass you and everything you do a speeding ticket they'll be watching you
They'll be doing everything in their power to stop you to get your name back in the news
So like uh, what you have to do is just obey every little law
Everything you have yeah, I'm thinking very seriously of going for the operation
You know because I got the two puppy
I have the two puppies and I got to get them fixed anyway
So I think I'm gonna see if I can't get like a three for one deal
Right
But now once I have the operation, I'll be real mellow and I won't be interested in any of those, you know, sexual things and I just uh
Melo out, you know, you know, but I was saying to you to be very candid very serious
We're lucky in a way because what they would have done the night saw this happened a lot of times
With prostitutes don't deal as a word even dealing as a word and even working in night to prostitute
They just sent the plant in that they set up uh, take people all of a sudden the plant
Plant those say anything he wants to say and to a word against it. Yeah. No question about no question about it
So the other thing to get the support of your station and is it going to work then
If someone would like to call me I live in wail of up in jack america
And there's a way to do it a way to get the support that you need
The letter writing you know people hate the right letters
Is just the idea sitting down to write people are too busy, but there's a way where everybody will give you this
Well, why can't we discuss it on a year? Well
20 and the thing it is you heard well
everything
You have to do in life you have to draw people, okay?
You just can't get the letters you got to have either a modicate coming down there to show support
Anything to bring people out
Mass of people will do we sort of with Martin Luther King we sort with old with gand we sort with a lot of people
If people love you the way we do and they really want to support you and they don't want you off the air
They got to get Nicklaus and come down there and they got to let these people in your management know
They can't stand for it again. You're in a hick time with long pants
Now that's why they don't go after how it's done in New York because how it's done
His company usually stands behind him, okay?
And nobody is really going to hassle them
You beg on a hassle the question stood up for you arrived you came out with your own personal life
You told the world what you are people don't like that people want to live in closet
You know that there won't people to be in closet so everything is tidy and neat
Whether you can get support with a modicate down there and this will work because if they people are gonna see support
They were a lot of you are listening
All over this county everybody tells me every now we love deal Roger say to him. Why don't you do something for
This is what are we gonna do?
This is we ain't got time to write letters. We don't have time to do this. We don't have time to do that
But if we came to an organization well if they don't have time to write a letter
How they're gonna take time to get in their car and drive all the way down here for Hollywood and plantation and tamarack and candle
I'll tell you why
Because people rather drive than right and people rather get up for a cause
Then sit down right because they feel that's an individual thing and maybe they can't do anything
But when it's a mass support, go to it. I saw it happen. Okay. I appreciate your
Suggestion. I'll give it some thought. I have my doubts because I think that when once you try to congregate large numbers of people like that
It's some their insurance considerations and all kinds of possibilities is somebody disrupting it
It's just a kind of thing that the distributors look for so your intentions are very good
You know the bottom line is this
Ratings came out the new trends on Friday. I don't think this time period on the end
We've only there's two weeks of that. We're still from Allen Burke
um
You know, not all of that number is ours and yet we still have probably the highest number that this station has ever had in midday
I'm just looking here at 25 to 54 is a six nine number two in a market, which is the highest certainly they've ever had in midday and history of the station
I'm talking about and number one and men with an eight eight, okay in in all of all of the stations
So that's there the billing is record breaking gone through the roof on this program and on the entire radio station
So it's not as though I should have to in that words coming in trying to do a job every day
It's become much more agonizing and much more difficult as this stuff
Continues compounding and as the delay continues in trying to see some kind of beginning of a resolution to it
And you know the bottom line is is there going to be some swift and some real strong and you know some real supportive
Response to it or are we going to continue sitting back at the advice of some nervous Nellie attorneys up in Washington
Who as you say and you hit it right on the head keep advising oh play it safe and back away and don't play this and don't say this and don't do that
Are we going to be guided by that kind of nervous Nellie approach by a bunch of simple mind to douchebags up there or are the people gonna really you know
grow some
Grow some balls and and and really say hey we're gonna do what the hell we know is right
Period and that's the end of conversation, okay?
And I got news for I've seen it to two different corporations these attorneys that sit up there in Washington and built these corporations
Millions and millions and millions of dollars every year
It what they're doing is unconscionable absolutely unconscionable because they are taking away not only from the companies
They're taking away from the public
They're right to what they consider to be entertained
Absolutely and I'll stand by anything that I have ever said on the air any material that we've ever played on the air
Anything that we play now out of this rack or anything that we played on each of the other two radio stations
I've been all over this country. I've heard the Howard Sterns and I've heard the Steve dolls and I've heard those two wackos in Houston
And I've heard all the different guys Gary D and the grease man and all these people and I am telling you that anything the wildest stuff that we've ever done
Pales into in significance including some of the stuff that goes on right next door here in the morning between six and 10 a.m
With herman McBean okay, and I'm carrying a fair right now on inside addition and no question about it
So you know that that's really the bottom line. I don't want to waste all the time
If this exceeds well be next as I told Steve if he got Neil off he comes after you next
And you were right
Okay, we have an open line in dead county town will be with us till two so we have one more hour TV radio whatever it is
751 9463 751 W I O D and if I can find we got so much paperwork here man
It is ponderous on Steve show today
Patrick Sessions the father of Tiffany Sessions has been missing since the ninth of February
And Wayne Black who's the lead investigator in that case will be Steve's guest this afternoon
And then on sports talk tonight 605 Joseph Gackie and Sonny Hirsh and I wonder what they're going to be talking about on sports
How many guests maybe you'll have a new coach
Maybe you don't have something like that
Okay, anyway stick around. We've got April Wortham with the one o'clock W I O D news and we'll come back with Tom jicken your calls in 105
Presents Neil Rogers to get in touch and talk call 751 W I O D in day
524 W I O D in Brawler or 655 and 278 W I O D in the Palm Beach is other areas make all collect the opinions express by the host guests or collars
Are not necessarily those of the station now here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 W I O D
But anyway, it's 105 at W I O D Tom jickers here is
Gazuntan puppet is they say in Chinese folder the guild with some good lunch from floris and we're going to go back to your calls in for lauderdale
Hello, hi, Neil
I have a whole bunch of things that I've been writing down as I've been listening over the last few weeks
And if you just give me the time I'd really like to say them because I'm real nervous and this is the first time I've called
First I'd like to ask you and Tom what you think of the show night caller
I don't I don't mean I call you mean I don't I like I saw a few minutes of it. I just couldn't get into it. I like it a lot
Okay, I think it's a really good show and I think we've we had more shows
like it and same elsewhere and
LA law and that type of thing. I think maybe we wouldn't have the um I think Gary calls terrific
He's on a movie this coming Sunday night to a program called those she she left behind
Okay, okay, um, I think if we had more shows that were of that quality
We probably wouldn't have the talk shows like the the crime things and well
No, I don't I don't agree with you that you really don't know
I think like I said before people always want to look through other people's keyholes
I just just human nature the national inquiry has been around for what 30 40 50 years make makes a fortune
Ah people are always interested in other people's dirty laundry
That's true, but they do get repetitions and boring after a while. I'll never enough that they don't succeed
Well, that's that's true also. What do you think of Larry King?
Larry King I don't think of Larry too much. I mean Larry's okay, and you know
I don't listen to his program. Uh, I've met him a few times at the racetrack. I had breakfast one day at his agent's house
Uh, he's a decent enough guy. Uh, I wouldn't get I should check for him
I just meant as a talk show I didn't necessarily one
His background
Okay, also Neil as far as all of this garbage that's going on with you
I really feel bad about it and I think it's disgusting
Which if we were not on the air I could probably use some stronger words
But I do have something to say to your station that I feel that you have brought their ratings up
And if people don't want to listen to you and I know this has been said a number of times
If they don't want to listen and they don't like what you're saying then they can turn the dial
This is a free country and you should be able to say what you want to say as long as you're not breaking the law
And we all know that you're not you just happen to have one little
miserable
person who
Just has nothing else to do with his time and his brain is probably bleached out by the sun
And I think if your station stood behind you and supported you their ratings would probably go through the ceiling
Because everybody that knows you
Really appreciate what you are doing and who would probably appreciate if they stood behind you
And the only one that's going to make anything out of this is the lawyers
Yeah, well the lawyers are making a fortune out of it
And they got those meters running 24 hours a day seven days a week and they're just
You know again, I think some of them giving extraordinarily poor advice and
You know and and and if we continue bending and yielding and backing away
Then we're not going to have anything left here anyway. I mean if we don't have our show
Then there's nothing see they can pay me one one thing they don't understand about me with this company
They can pay me ten million dollars a year, okay?
And it doesn't it doesn't make any difference if you can't live your life
And if you don't have any peace of mind and if you're you're under constant harassment and duress
It doesn't make any difference that you're being well paid okay?
You have to have some certain degree of sanity or it's useless, okay? I agree with you
There's also one other thing you know
There are a lot of people out there that are on the road and do sales for a living and it's it's your show
And and a lot of shows like you if they don't listen to you
I'm sure there are other talk show hosts that they would rather listen to them some of the junky music that's on and
It's very entertaining when you're stuck on i95 to be able to sit there and laugh at one of your little
Musical tidbits that you play. I mean some of them are just so fabulous that we just look at each other say
Oh my god, that is such a riot and
people who are stuck in traffic or even people in the office really appreciate these things
And I think it's very very unfair that one miserable person is trying to take us all away from you
To me that that is the entire issue that
One person is trying to deprive a lot of people of something that they obviously find a lot of entertainment in and
You know some people might say well is there a thing some people like child pornography
Well, it's different nia has been investigated now by just about everybody that has the power to launch an investigation
It's been found that he's not doing anything that violates the law
So what it comes down to is one person saying i'm going to decide for tens of thousands of people what they can hear and that
That is the thing that bothers me all personalities aside as a quick as a follower of television and radio someone who writes about it
I the idea that one person could put himself in that position is just a parent to me
Well, he's thrilled with it
I mean he's really isn't going to be thrilled with the yelter
He isn't going to be thrilled with the ultimate outcome. Okay, I'll guarantee you that you can go to the bank
It may take a long time
But once the flow to bar takes the appropriate action and once the civil courts take their appropriate action and put a stop to it
He isn't going to be pleased with that outcome. Okay. Just prolonging the inevitable
Oh, I just hope that your station stands behind you because if they don't they would be very very foolish not to but because you definitely have your public behind you
Whether you have your station or not and they would only do it discredit to them if they didn't they behind you on this
And I wish you all the luck in the world and if there's anything that any of us can do out here
We would be more than happy to help you and I'm sure I'm talking for a whole bunch of people. Okay, appreciate it
Okay, bye bye. So 11 after 1 at w.i.o.d
We have an open line in brown word 5249463 time jikas with us till 2 and I want to tell you right now about now
More with neo-rogers on news talk radio 610 w.i.o.d
114 at w.i.o.d with time jikka. We have a chronic radio personality on four. Hello
Hello, neo is the first time caller. Yeah
First time today
Hey bird I Tom
Good
two things one
Is it true that the management of io d has
Readnigged on backing you on this deal? No, I haven't said that. I don't want to give anybody the wrong impression
They haven't re-nigged on backing me just that um, you know
You can stop out of control room
But it's taking your bits out of control. There's a lot of stuff that we had to take out yeah
Well, you know based on the advice again of their Washington attorneys
And I'm gonna I'm gonna say it again that Washington attorneys
I wouldn't give you a nickel for the whole lot of them put together because they're all a bunch of scared rabbits
How long we know that yeah, isn't it amazing that you hire attorneys to defend you and the first thing they usually tell you is
Do this to avoid us having to go to court? Well, they want first thing to ask you is for the money the second thing to ask you is
How do I get through this without having to do any paperwork? Yeah? Yeah
You know, secondly, you know
Your bits are not any worse than the songs that are played on 90% of the radio stations in the city
If you listen to the words in the songs that I play that everybody else plays well is one now wild thing that's fairly wild
By tone look yeah, yeah, you know if you heard the words and the songs that everybody plays in this city
I mean don't and don't you find it amazing that the same individual who's taking so much of his valuable time
To document everything that we play on this show isn't documenting the lyrics to all those songs that have been played all the radio stations
I'm about to listen if I show this happening right down the words of the songs I play I believe will be shocked
Good we invite if we invite him to do a power 96
Yes, just come right on whatever your name is okay
Secondly, oh a warning of sorts
Don't get the Lenny Bruce syndrome
You know what happened now he I know what happened to Lenny Bruce, but I don't know what you mean by the Lenny Bruce syndrome
The Lenny Bruce syndrome was that he got so involved in trying to defend himself that you forgot to entertain
Yeah, you know, well, I understand now he started out. We started out here doing a show about radio and TV and cable here today
And that's what we were talking about the first hour and a half. I'm not saying you're doing that mighty stretch to match
Yeah, what I'm saying is that it
If it was me, I know I'd have to watch that because I'd want to climb up on a soapbox and drop this guy's home number
And jump his case
Well, we'll see if he comes after you don't why every fine. Okay, good life talking to you guys
116 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in Broward 524 9463 524 W.I.O.D. We talk about kicking a horn. It's nesta. Yeah
How about he makes an excellent point and that is and we've documented all that stuff
Bill wise and we had to go through the trouble
I say we they had to go through the trouble of going through a whole long list of a lot of these records that are being played on FM all over this market today
Would lyrics that are so far beyond anything that we would eat dream of saying on this show or have her have said on this show
In response to all of the FCC stuff and they've got it all listed out in you know
You can imagine what a laborious job that is just like our friend going through lyrics of all of those things that we played some of which are pages long and typing out
Word by word
No, that's a good point something to a pond or a man Miami. Hello
I'm here. Yes, we're here. Yeah. Hi. How you doing? Okay. Okay. Good
Just want to preface this before I ask a question
You know, I never listen to amrator before my life until you came on the air and
That only happened because somebody stole my radio out of my car and that's all I had left
Yeah, well we have a lot of that going on. We're getting a lot of FM radio is still on on a car
So people will be forced to tune in this show. Well, I'll tell you I played it happened because I really enjoy your show and
Not only do I feel for you right now and what's going on
But I feel for myself because I love listening to you show it's a pleasure every day to listen to some fun and right now
You know wars were hearing is a lot of controversy and I'm not saying that's dead. Oh, no, I agree with you
I think that the show is slowly but surely being taken away from us and you know
There would be probably people in management say well, you know just to stop talking about it
But you reach the point psychologically where this becomes so overwhelming over everything else that until there's you know
At least some sign of some light at the end of the tunnel or some beginning of it that you know
It keeps coming up just like it did today with Tom it comes up during the course of the conversation and then the audience jumps in on it
And that's all we've been talking about for last hour and a half. Yeah, just like myself. I mean
I've never called before but I'm calling now because I really felt like I needed to say something and
You know, it's like I tried to call before I could never get through your lines or Jim I called twice and got through today
Which is just make the point that people aren't calling as much right what do you mean they're gonna call in every line
How do you mean this is the second time I've had you on no no no I called once and accidentally was disconnected
Oh, well the lines are all full right now didn't look to me like they're not called well
You know, I just unusual for me to get through to you
I guess that's what I'm saying and maybe I'm just taking that point a little too far
But you know normally when I listen to club show it's all these heavy-duty issues
But I don't even want to hear about I want to listen to get entertained and I think you and the bird
They were great job doing that
But the question I wanted to ask Tom was and I think I'm asking it to him because he might be able to be a little more objective
Is what can we do to help
What nothing I mean, you know
People have done the running we already went through that phase you know try to get people to write letters and send facts
Messages on a facts machine and so on and like I said the other day for a couple of days
There was an enormous response and then no matter how many times I would bring it up again just in passing and say hey, you know
Don't just stop now and it's just down to a trickle there basically everybody who is the type of individual who will allow
Themselves to be motivated to take the time the five minutes to sit down a write a letter and put it in a novel open
Stick a stamp and mail it those people basically are exhausted and the overwhelming the majority the rest of the people
Even the ones who enjoy these shows a lot they're just not of the nature that they're going to take the time to do it
Just human nature and it's unfortunate, but they're not going to do it and ultimately this won't be decided by letters written
It'll be decided probably in the courts and the letters you would suggest the right to the station
Well, I would also suggest letters to the Florida bar, okay?
Because you know I've heard a lot of people give them suggestions and I really just didn't hear it
Well, that's where I think most of the pressure needs to be exerted is directly at the Florida bar because I you know and they're addressed again
Is a sweet four or let's see it's 444 brick-a-lavinu sweet 211
Miami and as if code is 33131 and you don't have to be an attorney to pass comments along to the Florida bar
If you think a member of the illegal profession is stepping out of his bounds or acting on ethically or violating the illegal code
You have just as much right as a citizen to write to them as anybody else doesn't say that they ought to be investigating it and doing something about it
That's where the first I mean a court things those suits can drag on man for years in court
They can go on forever
Especially when you're dealing with somebody who's an attorney and can can handle his own case
He can drag that thing on forever
But the kind of immediate relief we need is something from the Florida bar where they can look into this and see the kind of threats and harassment
And the misuse of legal ethics that's going on here and do something about it immediately
Neil, I can't wait for things to get back to normal because they love you, okay?
Thanks a lot and then well that makes a whole bunch of us, okay?
22 past one
W-I-O-D we have see I'll be honest with you
And I've tried to convey this to the powers that be and I've been in countless meetings see when I meet with the general manager
This radio station there is not a single time not a single time that I meet with Mike Disney when this isn't the topic of conversation
Not a single time ever ever
When this isn't the topic of conversation we should be talking radio we should be talking about
Justation we should be talking about what make the show better what we need what we can do
You know what what's happening on the radio station those are the kinds of things we ought to be talking about
We're preoccupied with talking about all this sewage and that's exactly what it is
And the same thing is happening to the show itself into the radio station
And it's it's horrendous program today
I don't really know how to talk about this thing
Well we started out you know this is uh, you know other than the first couple of minutes when I let you you know
Disclose what happened to you during that week
That last October and we got away from that we talked about what's happening in radio
Which isn't much and what were the TV and cable and so on and now the last hour and a half
This is all the people want to talk about
But I would much prefer not to talk about it
I'd much prefer not to deal with it not to hear the letters not to hear any of the material
Not to be overwhelmed with attorneys
Let those people who are paid to deal with those things deal with it and let us do a radio show
And don't keep telling us you know
Well jean we did lawyers don't want you to play this they don't want you to play that and uh, you know
Leave us alone let us do a show we know what we're doing
We got the numbers here to back it up. I got a track record tomorrow is 13 years in this market
And with the exception of a couple of times when a pope came to town in the Catholic church tried to flex their muscle and get me off the ear
Which were very short-lived and very unsuccessful but with the exception of that
I don't have any other problems with the exception of this witch hunt
Okay, that's a long time to be on ear in this market 13 years and it'll be number one for 10 years on five different radio stations and three different time periods
And basically have only one individual who wants to conduct a witch hunt
Broadcast macarthism so if those individuals who are getting and I keep hearing about all this gigantic money that the corporations paying all these lawyers
Let them pursue it vigorously and quickly and responsibly and take care of all of this other business
And I don't want to hear about it and I don't want to have to discuss it and that's the way I feel about it
You know, I keep hearing this individual say oh gee
Well, she would leave me alone. He's persecuting me
I've been delighted to leave that individual alone for 20 months now
I have no desire to mention him his name his family anything on the year if he'll go away and find something
Useful to do which he seems unwilling to do
It's 124 W I O D if you're missing out on the sports channel of Florida then you're really I'm glad it could get a hold of
126 W I O D Tom jikas our guest. Here's a mobile in brow or hello. Hello
Neil yeah, um
I followed you around the dial since I lived in Miami. I've been here 17 years
I followed you when you're W and W asked everywhere else you've been this is the first time I've ever called you
And I think there probably many people like me out here
Um, and I think that we should get behind you and you not only do the calling
But do the letter writing and so forth. I don't think he's exalted the facts and the letter writing yet
And I know for my my point of view you haven't so you're gonna get a letter from me tonight
um another part of this too is
We've talked about your sponsors being attacked and being intimidated better who is uh who are the sponsors of this man
You know, I mean who is behind who's behind him. I haven't got any idea
I don't know if this is strictly a one-man band or if there's somebody else
While pulling the strings or subsidizing it. I have no way of knowing
And that's the amazing part of this whole deal is that you know
I've been investigated by everybody who's ever been born on the planet right and uh and yet nobody here's a guy who ran for state attorney
The number one law enforcement office in date county the largest county in the state and yet the news media did a
Pathetically pitiful job in exploring this individuals background. He got a hundred and fifty one thousand votes if my memory is correct
My opinion of that is that he intimidated them rather than deal with his nonsense
If you wrote any but don't you think when somebody runs for state attorney?
I have a right to know who that individual is. What is background? You should know how many times I spoke up in our newsroom
And said that it was disgraceful that we're advocating our duty that someone was running for office that had a background that people at least
Would be interested in they could make their own judgment on it
But they should know about it and they didn't do it and it and I'm for I've firmly convinced
I can't think that they were intimidated
They were afraid to print his background because they know that he would harass them the ways
Or isn't that isn't that a great show of a courage? I can't think of a single candidate that was running
That did not have something about their background surface yet. I heard his ads on the radio
I never heard a single retort about him or anything
Constricted about him at all everybody else was kind of
Their lives was way to open
The varying degree as it should be and somebody's running for public office
Something about him except what he had to say about himself
Another idea and I'd like you to check with your legal staff or maybe an alternative legal staff
And right away yours is responding to what can the listener out here do is basically
Disenfranchised from the whole process of exception of calling and writing a letter
What can we do in terms of something like a class action suit?
I mean, I feel like I have rights for being infringed upon and damaged by this individual
And I would like to know if there are many other people like me out here
So I've had people I've had people write me letters suggesting the same thing and I just
I don't know where to go with that
Maybe our attorney norm can't might have come ideas because he's turning well versed in the law
But but again unfortunately, you know the legal people in this community with exception and norm
And they seem to be in a vacuum somewhere
Well, I'm sure that there are people out there who have expertise in those areas and know about class action suits
And you know what kind of conditions are necessary to you know for people to get together and file
And how you go about doing it but again, I'm not an attorney so I'm going to start
I know but we need somebody to step forward who can give us that kind of leadership as a group
Because we're in a Morpheus mass out here
We have no way of rallying around that particular type of thing
Yeah, well that to me might really be the ultimate answer
If someone builds an airport and it's noisy
The people will get together file class action suits and interfere with that
I see this almost a reverse
We're at someone who's trying to not create noise or create silence
And I object to that and I'd like to unite with people who feel similarly
One final point too
It seems like to me you're kind of hung out the dry
You're fighting an enemy with somewhat invisible and some respect
Invested in this person in cold gable on the other hand
Yeah, where's your management? They seem to be invisible too
I would like to hear Mike Disney or someone from Cox get on the air and say what the position is
I hear you telling them what you wish they would do
I hear nothing back from them directly except through you
Where are they? I say to Disney
I say to Cox by casting
Step forward I've been a listener of Neil for years
I've patronized the sponsor on a car phone right now I got because of him
I go to everywhere I can go I try to check out you know who's there because of WIOD
And most of the people in there that I've contacted have been in touch with
Talk about you talk about Steve
I think it's important to know that there's a carryover effect
What you do on your show to other shows on WIOD
And if you're damaged by this
I think part of the audience for the other show is to be damaged too
I would like to see the management step forward and not sit back in the back offices
Letting you take the point of the full thing
Well, that's up to them we'll see what they do
But I appreciate your call and maybe one of our legal experts out there in radio land
Well come out of the closet and send us a letter
Give us a call let us know about the class action suit
Okay, good day
Thanks a lot
131 at WIOD we have an open line in browners 524-9463
Miami hello
Yes, get a new Steve and Tom
All right Tom, I want to ask you a question
And you just brought this up a few minutes ago
The sports channel of Florida
Okay, I am on the Miami TCI
TCI was the biggest camel company in the country
Here I have been calling them I have written them
In fact, even on my cable bill I say I want sports channel
I know many people in the system have called because they have
May have taught you know that the people at the camel company have told me
But for some reason my mmtc i
The biggest world in the country does not want to give it to the subscribers
I mean what does not some reason cable companies own a piece of the sunshine cable network
It's not some reason it's a very good reason from a business point of view
Well, I well, I have heard that many times
But the point is we are the ones that are paying them
I mean the maybe of paying the bill
And then just raise the cable rates there last month
Well, let me share it against you without beating a dead horse as I do during all of their commercial
Call them up yet enough of your friends to call up your cable company
Well, keep you ready for this. I'll tell you something else that I found out last week talking to the sports channel people about a piece
I was writing they just bought the company in Los Angeles that does dodgy games and they're gonna have
They it's gonna be many nights this year where they're gonna have double headers with a met game early in a dodgy game late
Yeah terrific. So that's something else that your company's cheating you're out of and all I can say is just keep raising hell
Maybe contact your congressman and say when the when the issue comes up this spring in congress about allowing the telephone company into cable
That you want to act act favorably and then let your cable company know that you're doing that
They're scared to death as a telephone company coming in. I guarantee you if even the specter is risen
You'll see your cable service improve measurably
133 at w.i.o.d. with Tom jikka. It's Tuesday
And I mean, it's lobster-nited shells those incredible live one and a quarter pound main lobsters
It's interesting. They got the exact number. It says
1775 live main lobsters just boarded a morning dilder flight out of banger main this morning
And they'll be they count them like one by one
They all got names and ID cards and the bob yogurtsons are checking them out at the airport last
And they'll be at the Miami International Airport this afternoon
They'll be picked up and divided among the five soft-floor to shells w i.o.d
138 at w i.o.d. Tom jikka is our guest and here's a call from west Palm Beach. Hello. Hi Neil. How you doing? Okay. First time caller
What i want to call about without changing the subject too much first off
I'm in support of you and anything that was ever decided is can happen. I'll support it
Secondly for all the people that always complain about their
cable companies the best investment they can ever forget is just glad to get the self-satellite dish
Well, we've said that a few times. I know. I mean the other night I happen to trip over the press conference
That they had that the cowboys had that you'd never see that on teller. Oh, hey listen the stuff that you come across that you will never see any place else
Including just watching the news feeds
Yeah, watching the different anchors standing around picking their nose and doing different things
I'm sure I'm talking back in the air
I'm going just just to CNN stuff where you watch them feeding from Washington down to Atlanta and you watch them
They put on their own makeup on CNN because it's low budget
And you see Bernard Shaw sitting there with the mirror putting makeup on his cheeks and combing his hair and
Swearing it some of the guys in a background and chewing everybody on I mean it's it
There's so much entertainment. They're even stuff. It's like throw away. That's not programming. It's just incredible
Right. The real reason I call though it seems to me now on the rating stays there that works pretty flat all the way across the board
Yes, that's a good word for it. Well, whatever
But doesn't it doesn't seem that the reason why is they're taking personality out of radio on some stations down
Now I know I know well hide is the highest thing in the market and they put personality back into radio
But isn't that what's else?
Well, it seems to be it's you're working for high
So then why why are these other stations? It just seems I was well look at look at say look at the
IZ Zeta track record they get rid of key guys Lee now. He's the hottest program director in the market
They got rid of Neil you know, and they finally got everything in order they got down from that abominable six that that one point six that they want
You know, you don't have to be a genius
I mean seriously it takes per
I don't agree with you. I think I think there's you know a certain there's room for personality and certain kinds of radio
I think in music radio today
People are button pushers and they punch up the button and they want to hear something that they recognize is something they like
And Peter Bulger is one of the most stubborn people I've ever worked with in this business
He's a nice guy, but he just stubborn and he's been failing for two years with that same thing
He did in Portland, Oregon where he was successful. This isn't Portland, Oregon
It's a totally different market. You got a different makeup here a different mix of ethnic people and you know
You have to program to what their taste are any refuses to do it the music is horrendous for every one recognizable good strong cut
There are two or three obscure cuts
They used to be the big joke over there. It has to be obscure to be a classic on Zeta because that's the kind of stuff that Bulger
Gravitates to in a music sucks if they were playing good strong music and I'm not saying this now because I'm working in this building
But when we worked over there I used to tell him Pete
I can punch up GTR and nine out of every ten times they'll be playing a better record than we're playing at any given time
And that's why GTR is doing about a four and they're doing at one six. It's the music
Well, I still think the personality comes into it. Well, let me ask you this now
How come the Colonel was doing so well mid-days at GTR and he's over there in the morning the big shot hot shot
Personality doing a one six
Well, because they're not doing a hey, they're not doing a music show over there in the morning
They're just mostly fun and games. They're not playing any more music than we were and they're doing a one six and the big the big
The big deal out of us leaving was supposed to be hey now we can be classic rock 24 hours a day
And we can load up the morning with a lot of that great classic rock. They're not even trying to play it
Well, honestly the reason he's not why he has the one six is because he's not funny
Oh, but he was doing well on GTR which again proves that he didn't have to be funny
It was the music that was carrying him. You don't have to be funny to have a personality. Yeah
It was doing a music show. You're right
But but it seems to me that a program director will come on now or go to his jocks and say okay
You can or cannot back sell a record. You can or cannot do this. We want it. You can or cannot talk over the music
It seems to me that a
A top-notch station will pretty much format everything a jock can say
And it seems to me that's wrong and I just wanted to get your opinion on that as well
I don't know to me the perfect mix probably of that is magic
They have DJs, but it's it's primarily music. They talk up to the records and you know, maybe a little you know
You know, you know, this comment here and there. I don't want to put anybody down
I don't want to put anybody down a magic because we got some friends over there
But I don't think it makes a damn bit of different they could take everybody on that station
Interchange him tomorrow and toss the line up upside down and I don't think the numbers would change one tenth of a point
No, it's still a music because everybody listens to that stations listening for the music
Even run scene John. Well, I'm getting curious. I mean Joe Johnson has a nice pattern
Everything and he's a pleasant guy and if you're gonna have somebody he certainly is good probably better than most
But I don't listen to it for Joe Johnson. I listen for the music sure
Okay, okay, I appreciate the call
I'm breathing people up here and bomb each other support you
Well, thank god. Thanks a lot
143 at W.I.O.D. Let's go to pompano. Hello. Hi Tom Neil. Yeah, I just kind of couple quick comments about cable
Then I want to ask you about an old show that find out if it's gonna ever come out on video or if there's a way of getting
Well, Alan Burke has gone to Philadelphia
Did you hear that story by the way about the general manager and the sales manager both getting canned because they were the ones that brought him up there
And he's doing so poorly that they both got fired
The Dean the Dean yeah dying are team
You were talking about continental cable vision before
I
Consider myself fortunate that I have them because there are a lot better and most the cable companies around
The one thing that does aggravate me is they call you every they they have the sales
Thing that goes on and they call you and ask if you want this and that and you get it for free for this month
Well, the minute you do order it because we get our TV guide to them and I live in a condominium fortunately too and
Once you order something like that
My condominium pays for the basic cable and there's a code they have to put in
Because if when you order so many premium cables you get TV guide
as a special
Well every time you say okay, we'll give me this somebody forget to put that code in the council your TV guide
So then takes about four weeks to get back again
Which is ridiculous plus the fact is is out in camera is where they're trying their new fiber optic cable. Yeah, why camera
Well because if it doesn't work they figure the people are so old they'll never see the difference
Okay, like if it's a bad picture. Yeah, really ask them why you can't get spudged channel and where WGN is
Yeah WGN that really aggravates me why you can't get that I get the fun shine
Yeah, because again continental is you know got that incestuous relationship with sunshine network like all the other cable operators do
And you know all of the things I mentioned earlier in a commercial for the sports channel Florida
We're not gonna see we're not gonna see the NHL hockey
We're not gonna see those college baseball games and not gonna see a lot of the other stuff because you know
Continentals more interested in that relationship than they are giving the viewers what they want to see
That's true and another thing. I'd like to find out who the people are
That are with HBO and showtime cinematics the movie channel because these guys don't read their own schedules
I at one time had all four of those channels and and I don't know how many times a month
You can turn to every one of those channels and they'll be running the same movie if not the same time a couple of minutes apart
And it's ridiculous
So I've cut it down to two and even with those two which are not
Owned by each other they still run the same movie at the same time half the time well after the major titles neither
No station wants to be you know have let give the other one the opportunity to say we had it first. Yeah, that's true to
the
The one show that I was interested in finding out about I think it ran either in late 50s or early 60s and Jim Davis
I believe was one of the stars was rescue eight
Remember that oh wow just vaguely
Yeah, very foggy memory. I don't think you're even gonna see that in syndication
It was it was very good from what I currently maybe you'll see it on the nostalgia channel some night. I don't you know I
Couldn't have been on very long um. I don't believe it was I think it was maybe on two seasons
Yeah, well, I doubt you know you probably maybe you might look in a video store a real good video store
You might find some back and outs. I doubt it though. Yeah, and when are they gonna release some of the old
um
I refer to them as adult cartoons because they they had a lot of comments in them that unless you're an adult
You'd never pick it up stuff like Bo Winkle a Rocky and
Well, there's still around those those you got to find them, but they they pop up from time to time here and there. Yeah
Yeah, Rocky and Bo Winkles. Yeah, it's like a cult classic fit and then they all around wasn't hoppy hooper also
I don't remember that
I'm afraid not now and I'd be embarrassed to call up anybody and ask him
Who's gonna be here? Oh here we have we have the rescue aid information Nick has brought is the book and we had to go to the book to get it, you know
so
Where is it? Wait a minute rescue you can't find hoppy rescue eight
30 minutes. It's now syndicated 58 to 59 that did 73 episodes. Oh, the 73 episodes. Yeah, probably would be around
Somewhere. Oh, I see they turned it into a show called emergency
Oh
Yeah, those rescue shows, you know, right. Yeah, they they change into
Emergency and the funny thing about watching rescue eight is a lot of the Huckleberry Hound cartoons when they're in a
An a fierce chase
They use this one style of chase music that they used all the time on rescue eight when they pulled out of the barn to coax
A rescue was really funny. Mm-hmm. Okay one other thing too. Yeah, there's one area you haven't covered Neil
I think you should get on the bandwagon and write a book so that you shouldn't be the only one on a hit list
You know radio is not enough for you, you know, you're only getting threatened with both being pulled off the air
You should write a book like Salman Rushdie
Yeah, I'll move to Terran see if that does any good
148 of WIOD want to tell you about art go and the great job they do painting your automobiles
Paint jobs from as little as 125 bucks and I'm talking about outstanding
Paint jobs at affordable prices and don't forget that great art goes special offer for neo-rodgers listeners
The neo-rodgers supreme paint job. It's limited solely to their date county locations by the way
It includes the repair of all Nixon's branches on your car. They will spray a prime sealer coating the covering the entire car
Three coats spray your car with polyurethane catalyzed and amel with clear coat and art go guarantees the job for three years against peeling cracking or fading
The regular price on this supreme paint job is 300 gas. Let's go to deer field. Hello
Yeah, this is hoppy Cooper calling from deer field now
We've been wondering where you were I have a question a couple questions for Tom first of all
Did any of you guys see an incredible show on TV last night called what Alan wasn't that good?
Honey now that was what Alan watching it was a pilot from Eddie Murphy made it and it was funny as oh god
Now they're gonna come back with another uh, no that that's a one-time only deal
But it was a pilot and and so it'll either wine
I would say the best chances that it'll wind up on the full schedule. It got incredible reviews around the country
Uh, okay the other question I have was about one two years
I wanted to know what you thought about that show and do you think pat the pat say jack show has any redeeming qualities?
Well, it's an alternative to causton. It's the same show with a younger guy
But and as far as the one the is the one the is suffering from the moonlining syndrome
They can't get enough original episodes on the year
It was a marvelous show last year. It was one of my favorite programs
But it has almost as many reruns as moon lighting and I can't understand why I didn't catch up with it until
This year yeah, and I've seen any reruns in it's just a wonderful
I say jack show is doomed I believe I just um, he's it you know, he can carry that off on
Equip show for half an hour and be cute and low key and some very rye humor
But to carry it off for an hour and hour and a half
He just it's just not there. Well, there are two reasons why he's on there one
They want to have a presence they feel that if they can hang on for two years three years however long it takes
That when causton leaves the air then they'll have the the number one guy on it's the same presence
If you remember huntly and brinkly with a number one news team on television and Walter Cronkite was number two
And then when huntly and brinkly went off the air Cronkite just inherited that deans label and
They're hoping for the same thing with say jack the other thing is differences that
Cronkite was good. Yeah, the other thing is though that when
Before they put say jack on they had no clearances like here everybody all the CBS affiliates were running their own programs at 1130
Whether it be magnum reruns of reruns of mesh or whatever at least with say jack they've got about 95 96 percent clearance around the country
So the network gets they have a presence where they had none before so for those two reasons it's working and
You know how well it they'll succeed?
I don't know like I say say jack is exactly the same as cost and he's midwest. He's totally white bread
He did the show is structured exactly the same he comes out. He does the minor lot
He goes around with the band he talks about the network. He goes over and schmoozes with a
With a guy with no personality whatsoever and then he introduced a guest
It's the car. It's just a car to the cost and show and what they're hoping is that when costs and finally packs it in
They'll be the one sitting there any predictions on Joan Rivers return. I don't think she'll do very well
Joan Rivers doesn't play well in lodge doses
Okay, thank you enjoy your show. Okay. Thanks
Oakland Park hello
Okay, Tom. How you doing? Okay, Tom. I want to get your opinion on I know you're
Talking about radio stations. What do you think is WKGR on beach?
I don't get to hear much of Palm Beach radio because
I'm still living in day county. I'm in the process of moving yeah, and
I'm not in the process of moving. I'm in process of looking for a place to move to
So I don't get to hear that much of a good
Yeah, I know the bird has high compliments. They're voice. I've always liked them
Yeah, it seems like they play good music and all that and they're not full of a bunch of
Yes and all that yeah, an amazing part of it is you can recognize all the music that they're playing there no
No, none of those marginal cuts that some people are so famous for like Mr. Brees by Leonard Skinner that some word station
To a strange brew Tom. I'm gonna ask you know
I've heard talk what they're coming out with a movie this summer Batman the movie. Yeah
And I just wonder do you think they're gonna be bring back the old Batman
theories just because of I
I kind of doubted I think that well
I was gonna say it's high camp of course the TV series was to but this is a big budget picture
There's some big name stars news. Why aren't being in that or some some big name is in that though
I heard Jack Nichol Jack Nicholson. Yeah, I know the whole and a big big supporting cast too
Uh, that kind of thing can go either way. I don't think that's gonna be a mediocre hit
That's either gonna go through the roof or it's gonna be out of the theaters in two weeks like ish ta. Yeah
talk radio. Yeah, yeah, well, yeah, with talk radio talk radio was never a commercial film
I mean the subject matter was just too limited
Where where Batman is at least in theory gonna try to appeal to a white scale. Oh, yeah, still the greatest villain on Batman was jokers
Marrow talk radio what to be on the cable any day now
Yeah, I can't wait okay
Thank you. Thanks a lot. Bye. Yeah, let me know which service it's on. I'll cancel it before it comes on
uh for Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, hi
Three quick questions for Tom. I know it's heading to the hour
um
Tom I was wondering if you know of any uh agencies
uh, I know the major agencies like in LA and New York that handle scripts or like William Morris
The Great of Art at the agency are there any
branches in Florida now that
Florida has so much production over here any contact people what's the technical people no for uh subini scripts that need agents
Uh, you'd have to get an agent first
No studio except an unsolicited script
No, I understand that but uh but there's so much bureaucracy of trying to get one out in LA or New York when you're when you're an author based in Florida
I just don't know. Yeah, okay
Also, I was wondering about tatinjer's it just went off without a trace
Yeah, no, they're claiming they're gonna bring it back as a half an hour with more of a comedic edge to it
But I have met that because it was a it was a show that was just hitting it's dry
I just agree. I didn't think it ever hit it's dry
I think it was a bad idea for a show
Uh, it didn't sound like a good idea when they announced it the pilot was awful and
I didn't see any development in the episode
The divorcees and all that and we're starting to pick up some family emphasis
Well, maybe that's how to bring it back to the white in my doubts that you'll ever see
Okay, and one last question on the uh
The viewer discretion label um that's so many the ads run
I used to think that meant uncut you could turn in eight o'clock. Oh no not at all
I did a column on that two weeks ago. Oh did you? Yeah, yeah, and as a matter of fact
You know WSVN is a good example that they they they leave in a lot of TNA and movies and language
But they they still trim the movies by as much as a half an hour and I always thought uncut meant something else anyway
That's gonna do it for day Tom. Thanks very much. I told you it was real pleasure Tom jica the radio tv editor for the four-larter deal news
Unsentinel and we thank Carmine for a great lunch from floris which uh gave Tom a second breath for the last half of the show
It was magnificent. I'll go to okay stick around
Steve's coming along next his guest today Patrick Sessions the father of Tiffany Sessions the girl who's been missing since the ninth of February
And Wayne black the lead investigator in that case
We'll also be a guest on the show and then sports talk with Joseph Gackie and sunny tonight at six o'clock
Have yourselves a great day. We'll see you again tomorrow morning at 10 here on six 10 W I O D
