All collect the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station now
Here's Neil Rogers on new stock radio 610 W I O D. I'm a cup fan
I know bud man and I trust you are too. Okay. We'll get this over with real quick
So you don't have to get upset because I know you're under a lot of pressure this morning
Six the Cubs had five home runs in the month of May as a team five in a whole month of May
Yesterday they hit six in one game. I
Still I'm in shock. I'm reeling
When Shaw and Dunston hits two home runs in again, then you know something's wrong
Anyway, the Cubs 113 and we got that over with and they're still in first place
And they start four against the meds today and that's the name of that tune
We got a lot of stuff to cover today boy
We have just tons of things to talk about really
Now the cane show today the new split in the Catholic Church radical priests attacked the Vatican
moderate say the radicals are tearing the church in two and
Those two priests will be father Patrick O'Shea and father Joseph Francis Collins
Why is it a lot of priests have three names?
I don't know if a father Collins is related to Dennis Collins at W. Snooze
You think that's possible because he don't have a prayer over there on that
Anyway, I had a great day at Calder Saturday. I lost only a few dollars
I had a great time got a lot of something a little bit of a burn here in fact
I could say I got burned at Calder, but that would be
And I had a wonderful time saw a lot of people Ed Kaplan was there from Q.A.M
Wow, and I didn't recognize him
Yeah, I felt embarrassed because I kind of was
Serly enroute and he probably takes it personally. I didn't recognize you. I'm sorry
But then when you walk away. Oh, that's Ed Kaplan. He works at Dick Fahley station
He's an Ojoan provocateur. Oh
Anyway, who a Hank was there of course and Hank had a bad losing dad all losers and Steve I understand I didn't run into Steve
But he was up in a press box a bug and Hank for winners
No, he couldn't have had a really big day. I heard to the grapevine. He did have one winner, but
Because Hank had all losers on Saturday
Just he Hank stays with those same like sweet Bobby V
You know when you're gonna get over that Hank
You just got to give up some of those chronics and who else did I see there? Oh and of course
Seriously, this was very nice of him to do Mike lions from Zeta and his lady friend were there
And he had this package in his arms he slept it around the whole time luckily
I saw him early so I could slip it around the rest of the day that I was there and it had six of my old CDs from Zeta with my name on him
He said I took this just in case he I would run India out here today
And it was very nice and I appreciated it and he said that everything was just fine
Well, I have some big news from my clients today who I
Well, okay, we'll get to that tonight before you start getting people depressed now. You're rumours will do it and
This is confirmed room great meal at La Tevernetta took some friends La Tevernetta
That's always great, but this was the best meal of all time. It was just
indescribable beyond belief
Okay, I don't want to admit that I had veal because I've been off baby cow for a very long time
But their baby cow is so good boy. It was just incredible
And I discovered they got all these different new dishes named after me everything is Rosario
Rosario which in Italian means Rogers according I think they make that up as they go along if the food was just
phenomenal beyond belief and you remember carols
Nice I think it is or was it her daughter? What who was graduating? Don't you remember last weekend?
They were closed because all these are daughter. Yeah, her graduating was it her daughter?
Very attractive young lady by the way she was there with the whole the Gonsa Mishbhaha the whole family was it was just great
So we had a wonderful time in a terrific meal. I'm just kind of like recapping everything that happened
Is that okay? Sure. I covered the cubs game in like 40 words or less
I know this is gonna come up a lot more than I didn't mention that me even Mitch Webster had another so I brought in my life magazine to read while you guys
I know what I wanted to say I had a great time at Calder
They have refurbished that fourth floor up there when we go out there. You're gonna flip. That's what rich told me oh man
Is that beautiful up there in the where Martha and
All my friends Mickey all those people are up there with a food on the deli thing and they've refurbished it
And it's enlarged it. It's beautiful and inside where the windows are like the guy said it looks like a casino
Looks like Garden State in in Jersey. Wow. It's all glittery and fixed up. They've done a beautiful job out there
They really have my only complaint at Calder
And it could be that the brave's game was fed and be seen at this area. I don't know
Because I thought I'd go out there and get to see the cubs game on TV
Which luckily Saturday I didn't see because they lost in tenetings, but
The only game that was on was the brave's giant's game on one monitor
So either they had tvs on which would really frost my ass or NBC fed this area the
San Francisco game instead of the main game remember I ask you about that on priority. Yeah, well
You never know in this town, you know, I don't so maybe somebody out there who knows which game was fed by NBC here
I told you that priority because this is but I had a good time out there
And if I'd have stayed home and had to watch them lose the next runnings
I couldn't I would have been bad. It would have been wrong. So I'm glad that I went out there
Okay, let's do a little break here and then when we come back
We've got some shocking radio news coming up finally just the astonishing news
Finally we can confirm some of these rumors that have been floating around throw some of these ridiculous rumors out from other sources
You mean like Dennis racing?
Exactly. Yeah, Dennis you really ought to hang your head and shame. I mean you're a wonderful guy
And you got big numbers over there and you're doing great
But on the rumor line you just you just doesn't have it maybe he in fact I would put him and Steve uh-huh
On a par okay, because you know the Steve's rumors seem to be basically the school of swishful thing
It says that was an NBC feed so we don't play my friends had called or I knew they wouldn't be foolish enough to put the braves game on when the pirates and the card
Or when they comes in the cardinals were playing who that was a Freudian slip
but
So it's not their fault that was what NBC was feeding to this town. I've had a been home. I could have still seen a cubs game on
uh F2
Okay, I'm one of the satellites
Are you following me?
Anyway, it's 12 minutes past 10 at W.I.O.D
We thank whoever called him boy. It's gonna be another Monday on that phone. I can see that boy
Do we get some response on that? Huh passing your seat my one call?
One call? Oh three calls. Well excuse me. I take it all back ladies and gentlemen. You're really really
Just overburdening us with response Dave. Well one of them was fat rich
Like I said, we had two calls 12 minutes after 10 at W I O D
I want to tell you about shells
They start each day looking over the freshest fish available in South Florida. They choose the very freshest help
Now what are you doing in here denim brig? Why are you pooching around? What is that?
606 for a six pack. Oh, we'd love by the way for lunch today. We'd love Arnold's
I don't want to impose upon them. He's coming Wednesday
Well, I was in the mood for it today. Okay. I just went in that impassant time
Wings plus today. Have I wings plus? Oh, we do have wings plus today
If we want I see I don't understand that they're way they hell up there in Yanemousville. How do they do that?
Okay, so if Arnold's are listening if mr. and Mrs. Arnold who are wonderful folks Wednesday will be ready
Because wings plus is coming today. Oh, is that mean those garlic wings that I'm just obsessed with?
Oh boy, by the way, eight at Lotta vernetta last night. It was just phenomenal
I just mentioned that for you because you're so nervous all the time
And they just love me with a passion. They were just tinkling all over. I had to change my honor because I'm a wonderful guy
Tom unlike some people I don't want to mention a name
It's a 1015 at w i o d anyway. Where were we before the sales you notice the whole sales department
I'm bothered with the couple of exceptions Coleman of course is probably
lost today
And our other friend whose name mr. BM yeah captain. He doesn't come in here. He won't come in here
Because I won't have anything to do with him ever again trust me. I told boy gary that this morning
By the way, you noticed they're back. Yeah, yeah, isn't that incredible?
It is Memorial days finally over huh boy. It took a lot of time. I guess the holiday is finally over for long time this year
Yeah, long time, long time, we can the history of the United States
It's probably going to go in the Guinness book of record two weekends
And they finally have come back all these bureaucrats are back in the building which means we're probably going to have some real grief
Exactly, we think ran very smoothly
Except of course for the psychosis from the sales department
I shouldn't say from the sales department basically from captain BM
Okay, it's 1016 and here we go with the incredible shocking
We got a rumor at the end of the show Friday was from Johnny Dolan and it said that Zeta
Was going to go pirate radio on the satellite now. I have confirmed this over the weekend from another source
And this is why they're just sitting there
Sitting there doing nothing they're waiting this is not this format is going on westwood one satellite
You had to know something was going. Yeah, Scott Shannon is putting this together of course from uh
New York he's out in LA. They're going to do it from the westwood one
Studio in LA and it's going to be called pirate radio which is already on of course in Los Angeles radio
But it's going to be on the satellite. I don't understand what makes Scott Shannon a programmer
Well, he had like the number one station in New York City
Remember
No, I understand that but what makes him okay go ahead he did he's got a very successful
And he went out to LA in New York, but I know I made your story in the industry when he went to Los Angeles
I thought the major story was KFI
What do you mean our sister's
Was to say the cats isn't that the major story that Jeff Edwards walked out because Tom like us was a douchebag
I guess that was number two. Oh, but anyway, what they're gonna do and I think a two share out there
Yeah, not bad
There's one one one two the billboards that you see watches space those will become one five pirate radio billboards
Which are very nice. Mm-hmm. They're eye catching
This means they carry the pirate games to
Preserve pathetic. They're just really
It will be on them up just in time when it goes on satellite in three or four weeks and that's the story
Is that's a hubbub but what they're going to be doing? It'll be satellite delivered probably won't be any disc jockey locally
Maybe in drive. I don't know, you know, but they won't talk to the other words the kernel and the morning crew is gonna be gone probably
I didn't hear that specifically, but they won't talk much if they have any DJs on the
I heard in the building today from a very authoritative source
That while Rose Folger was out of the building either on vacation or whatever last week that they were interviewing a whole bunch of people for his job
Fascinating isn't that fascinating yeah, because several of those people have been in contact with over here. Yeah. Yeah, that too
Mm-hmm. Yeah
So that's the that's shocking. Yeah, what a way to start the week and finally getting to the bottom of what's gonna go on
It only took them two years of schlepping a raw along with the same
sorry music
The same tragic numbers, but I want you to notice that when we have room we didn't fit in those numbers
We're just too bright for the rest of that format, but I want you to remember when we have rumors from other people
Like Dennis Reese or Steve O they don't seem to happen
Yeah, the WOLD rumors that we've been battled with since we've been here
But you know I have not participated in that at all
I want I never gonna get led down to Garden Path when I give you a rumor and you know this kind of like
It's kind of like that horse that Steve was touting out of your weakness. It's very good exam Northern douchebag wonderful metaphorical comparison
Yes, but when I give you the rumors and you know this from the past they seem to happen don't they yeah when I give them to you
Confirmed by the way
We own apology to Joe with two ends we do yeah
Well all that mysterious stuff that well I was being fed all total fantasy
We're really and about that crank call that he received that day, you know, yeah, it did happen
And I even know who made it
It's 20 past 10 at W I O D father's day is coming up
Father's day is coming up on what date this year is
It's
23 after your ten at W I O D. We just had an incredible experience a shocking
That we're just keeps popping up all over the place
Tom Denenberg opened the door again
He said the wings plus is coming on Wednesday Wednesday made a mistake now Tom has never been known to make a mistake
But I guess he's calling Arnold's right now to see if we get the little Royal Castle burgers today
The ones with a bacon change. Oh, they made those special for us those were heaven sure were those were spectacular
Anyway, you had a little thing happen with your battery, which we just might mention briefly because I came in in the hoodie your car was up
Problems and it seems that that lifetime
Made in its free you'll maintenance free battery
The water was out of all the cells and our crack engineer Mitch Wien was out there save my life saving your life made a little
Makeshift funnel there to get the was amazing isn't even called in Dick funnel from channel four
By the way, we neglected to mention last week Alan
douchebag over from chip Harris who used to be the general manager before
Admitted that the worst mistake he ever made was firing Jim Brazmer
And then because they just got rid of that David Jackson the guy with the runaway S on the news that I've been ripping for a year
However long he's been had right and then we say at the time Brazmer was excellent
Everybody liked him. He's been here forever and now he's up there in channel 25 in West Palm Beach, which is like being
I don't know. Maybe he's doing real well
I hope so because he's a good guy and a great talent and the Alan you're among head. Okay, you're just a douchebag
Yeah, we know Larry Kings on heraldo. We don't care
Okay, if his breath if his breath is bad enough today
Maybe heraldo will pass out on the stage. Okay, this could be another one of those contrived deals
You know where heraldo has one of these accidents falls down breaks his neck. He'll be in a brace
Be the first man in history to break his neck from somebody's bad breath
What's a question herald
25 past 10 and W I O D. So anyway, that's kind of a synopsis of all the excitement that's going on over here
Yeah, that's right. We got lunch. I guess pretty well set up. I guess
Yeah, you got the Keynes in the college world series tonight at 810 against Texas
After their win against LSU and skip bourbon on Saturday. So that gets everybody right up to date. We got everything going
No bush being bang
So everything's great, right?
I
Guess boy, they really did a beautiful job at Calder man. It was great good
I'm looking all and also oh man. I saw the article about the I haven't you know
I don't read the paper because it's frightening. It's dangerous. You get depressed and there was this big article
In yesterday's paper about the racing dates
Oh, and how
Brunetti at highly is going to be overlapping all of these dates with with calder first now can you see?
What it's going to look like at highly if they really go ahead and do that? I'm
horses
Okay
And even if they do have enough horses to fill a card
He won't have 1500 people there frightening. This really frightens me. He won't have 1500 people here at highly it may not have a thousand
So what kind of purses would they be able to offer when the mutual handles like 150,000 dollars
That's like going to a bule of downs or something. Okay, purses will be like $609
$100 the word suicide comes to my mind the word plow horse comes to mind
Okay, king of dance may be back for a day for an encore. Why are they doing this? Oh because the three of them are just
That was the cross crux of the whole article again is about how
Kenny know and the dug-don and Brunetti just refused to get along and they've got all these personal
conflicts with each other and as a result
They you know the whole thoroughbred entry in the state is like in a shade a state of shock and shambles because of it
And they just don't want to get their act together which is really a shame because we got some beautiful racetracks
Yeah, and these people just won't get their crap together
27 after 10 at W.I.O.D. our first call of the morning is a mobile and brown word hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. How you doing great?
I called you before about remember remember on the one I didn't try to tickle wings from I never tried them
Yeah, well, I went to the wingsprus and there kickass tickle. Oh, yeah, they're incredible
I picked it to the garlic just like you know
As a matter of fact, I was really psyched up when Dennyberg came in today and said they're coming today
And I got myself right in the frame of mind for the garlic wings and then now I got to wait till Wednesday
Wednesday, yeah, I thought you're getting aren't you getting the wings today? No, Dennyberg made a mistake
Oh, so what is ironholes coming today then? I guess
Yes, you have to try those too. Those are great. But all the stuff we got in here is great
Yeah, well, you're lucky kind of guy you get to get to eat all this good food here. That's right
Well, that's what happens when you're a star when you're a real stupid star
You got it pal. Well, listen have a great day. All right, and you'll take a look
28 after 10 at W I O D
We have one line open and brown one in bokeh where I actually off to a fairly good start for a Monday
I will say that let's not you know talk about it too much
There goes the other brown line boy. This is shocking. We have an open in bokeh 278 9463
278 W I O D, but don't forget I got six CDs in this thing here that Mike lions give me that was really nice
You know what? Mm-hmm. I really mean that he brought him out
He didn't know if I was going to be there or if he'd run into me and just as luck would have it there he was
I didn't know he was a Neely. I had no idea. Oh, he loves the show. Yeah, I'm obsessed
Well, I'm obsessed everybody's obsessed because there's nothing else going on in town
I think the show kind of reflects you know, it's compared to a lot of the other stuff that's on a year
It's a reflection in fact
I even listened to go into the track to a little bit of our tape rerun on Saturday
And it was it was the one where we had the doctor on hold during the whole show
You know the one I'm dying over here who by the way got fired
I found out yesterday he got fired for a whole bunch of screw-ups, but evidently for mostly
Not doing any work in fact his patience
Oh, seriously his patience had a favorite line
I'm dying over here. Yeah
Because he was on the phone the whole time and he was the
Expiring in the waiting room. Okay, let's go to Miami. Hello. Hey guys. How you doing? Yeah, okay
Hey, bird did you see you to see yesterday?
Terry Merman and that my matured hospital
Yeah, well she looked at standing yesterday. Oh, you got oh, Lord. She's not that great. Okay, sir
Oh, man, she had this dress on. Yeah, it was just a knockout. Well the dress may have been great all by itself
She's not that great. She's all right. Oh, if they could get her hair straightened up was her southern accent coming through
Yeah, yeah, how about that?
Hey, Neil. Yeah, can you put me a hole for like me, Rob? Sure. No problem
I'm going to say today. I'm forgetting early man. Okay, you're holding
Yeah, that'd be a real good idea. We'll do like Larry can't use to do with trivia
What we'll do is we'll have people call in right at the beginning of the show and we'll tie up all eight lines
Then we don't ever have to pump the numbers anymore
Maybe somebody gets disconnected or hangs up that you have an emergency
That would be a really good idea
I can't pioneered this oh, yeah
We're gonna open a line at six o'clock on Sunday morning. Oh
She have it oh she have it. Oh man. Hello Larry. I have a beautiful coaster. It only toasted 700 pieces of bread by actual count
It has a little mong inside the elements, but it's in good shape. I like $10. Oh
Oh god those were the good old days this market is so far behind it
So we got pirate radio coming to zeta for now. What's gonna happen to the call letters? I don't know
I honestly gonna be like w-o-f-f something that's appropriate
I didn't hear anything about that the interesting question. I don't know about w-f-u-n
Those calls are a little bit difficult. I think they are. I think you're crazy
Well, somebody would have I don't know somebody somewhere would have picked those up our way. I wondered about that
You know somebody should leave it to what he's subring to drop the best call letters in America
Yeah, w-f-u-n, you know reminds me of dropping i85. Yeah, or a one a
Open line in bokeh 278 9463
We haven't had a tinkle in bokeh at all this morning. That's pretty depressing north Miami. Hello
Great a call for Mike, but wait a minute. Do you see again my psychic powers are working? Yeah
Last time I mentioned w-f-u-n. I just mentioned it
We punch up the next call and the guys got an old w-f-u-n jingle cute up there
Incredible this show is astonishing, you know, I think so. I think we got a shock ease getting passay
It's getting overused. I think we have to go to astonishing
Is what it is that's I even I can't believe that that's almost
Not quite but it's almost as astonishing as this say want to okay
I'll think we got the let me get that a little bit more compression going here
Because a little bit he'll most oh wait a minute wait before he goes on you know what I've discovered
I don't want to knock mech because you did a great job with your battery. Yes, he did
But you know how we always talk about the music renearie plays how it sounds like it's way off in the background
Well, I was listening to the best of this on Saturday
And there was a record we played and it's still even on the CD player
It sounded like it was off in the background
It did had no it was shallow. You know what I'm saying that be because there's no compression on this station
All right, that's true. Is that true? Yeah, far as I know well
That's why the music stays like in a background sounds like the level is even even if it's cranked up even if it's banging a needle in there
The music sounds like it's on a different level. It's
Suppressed or something. There's no compression. Well, when if we can get any compression
You think we can get some? Yeah, so we could sound like that would be good. Then we could really do a jubble
I got pipes there hey 75 degrees in the magic city. Hey, we're broadcasting live hold on a second
Let me let me stop that over
75 degrees in the magic city hills of a great storm
Already old dog come on down with it. We're gonna get down to that we're going to dread groovy. It's the right time
What they hell about talking about
It's still astonishing. Yeah 1033 at w.i.o. D. Margate. Hello. Hello Neil. Yeah, I'm your burning bird
Take your advice and finally made it out to let Tebernette over the weekend. Oh boy
We had a meal there last night that I'm just still a spastic over it was so great
Yeah, walked in there as soon as you walk into place you know, it's in the time
I mean, it smells great the garlic is permeating the air
Just as we were walking in the door and this may apply to you bird we're here to tremendous crash and a big bird had crashed right into
They won't know
Just flying at full speed crash into the window. It was just like lying there on the sidewalks
I said immediately no poultry dishes tonight
But we went in that we wondered
And the woman who's in the front all they said yeah, I heard about you from Neil Rogers and the wio
Welcome Neil always comes and he loves it, but then we ordered and then we kind of got like reprimanded for not ordering one of their the Neil specials
I mean I ordered like real Parmesan because I didn't know what you would what you had ordered before and I've heard all your
Specials when you talk about your specials all the time and the way it goes through the menu and I'm saying what how does Neil order
And I just get it didn't come up and came to mind so we ordered what we ordered and then she came over and we kind of like got
Reprimanded for yeah
That was a first like last night my friends ordered they'd never been there before when they ordered a couple of dishes and they
Matured who's a wonderful guy said nah forget that
I'm gonna bring you this and as it turned out they said it was the best meal I ever had in their life
So much you well, what do you what do you like favorite dish when you go over to start their meal is you know
I hate this baby cow stuff, but their meal is just tremendous and last night
I think it's called Veal cardinale. It's got capers and Muts are all a cheese and it's on a bed of angel hair pasta
And it was just behind peppers tremendous all right
That will definitely go there again terrific place. Yeah, I'm glad you enjoyed it got a little quick cable nightmare for you
Watching the Dodgers Houston game the other night the game that went 22 innings. Yeah seven hours
Yeah, it was on the sunshine network and I did we had some friends over
It would just happen to be out of the background and then everybody left and I was watching just come kept telling myself one more
Any one more inning finally got to the 16-winning and her shy's there had been pitching for a couple of innings
And it was getting real interesting they cut to a commercial was on the sunshine network
The cultural commercial they come back and there's like the rock and roll report is on they just took the game right off the air in the middle
Oh, yeah, that's nice, huh?
16-th inning they took it right off the air they put on some little kitty video party show and
You know while I'm sitting there like Apple Plectic pulling out the TV guy trying to find their phone number in there
Yeah, if you would have had your satellite dish you'd have seen the entire game. I don't know. Neal
It's getting to that point. I don't know if I could take him anymore. Okay. You're talking to you have a good day
YouTube 1036 a W I O D Toyota of Hollywood on 441 just out the Sheridan street is Wheeling and Deeland and
Squealin to get you to buy one of those beautiful 89 Toyota's and they've always got a
phenomenal selection if you're in the market for a super for example, and there's a particular color or style that you're thinking about
They got it over there more likely than not or a camp here
Move over Jane Fonda. It's the Rob Low video workout
Why pump thighs with hairy guys when you can flex your backs with the opposite sex is the Rob Low video workout
Rob gives you one on one
One on two
And two on two video instruction
And that's not to mention Rob personalized direction
The Rob Low video workout there's no expensive equipment to buy no big workouts suits and you can work out at your own pace
Backburn with the Rob Low video workout order now by calling 1-800 blackmail that's 1-800 blackmail fully possible underage workout partner
Not included and watch for Rob's new video courtroom calisthenics coming soon
I've got it over here 1040 20 before 11 at W I O D
By the way, we got a great record that we ought to dedicate to some of these people who start those false yeah radio rumors
See we like the ones that are true
Okay, let's continue with these great calls. I see a couple of people in Broward dropped off already
I told you not to get your hopes up too high early. It's Monday
524 9463 524 W I O D and I'm gonna say it again because I don't want to get the Rob Low intensive again. That's old news
But it's nothing to see okay, right nothing to see everybody who sees the tape is so bitterly disappointed
Just forget about it. Okay, find something new and exciting in your life
Anyway, speaking of finding something new and exciting
We got to tell that to the newsroom remember Steve last week was correctly fetching about the cloud pepper hysteria
That was on what day was that Wednesday or Thursday
Well here it is Monday
They're slaughtering people in the streets in China the Iatola finally dropped dead
The cubs had six home runs in one game and what's our lead story this morning is I'm coming to work on W I O D
cloud pepper again
Man they're just pepper intensive here
Wow
Coconut Grove hello. Yeah, it also include the first place Orioles in that as well. Oh, yeah, that amazing. Yeah
What they went seven in a row now?
Ah
First place but listen back to this morning and I thought that room you had was about sheet not Zeta. Yeah, I read it wrong
Okay, oh you read the yeah, remember I read it or leave it on the Friday and
The spike wise belted them in the head done in the hallway and said you read the damn memo
Yeah, we don't ever do it again
We weren't concerned about it Friday, but then when I heard it again over the weekend
Yeah, pirate Ray. I don't know how Johnny Dolan does it. Oh, so when is this supposed to start now three or four weeks
We're you know
Another abortion. Yeah, maybe well, then what we hear is there's a lot of obscure music on pirate radio
So they ought to be able to relate to that the people listen to Zeta. Yeah, yeah, I don't think it's gonna bring
A many bigger numbers and they already have probably not but it'll be cheap see that's why they like these satellite formats
Because they don't have to pay the talent it'll be cheap
I'll I think like you do it to seem that they waste a hundred thousand water. Oh, yeah, I mean, you know
I'd love to have that station to make it all talk they could have a six-year on maybe a seven-year on that station the all talk station on FM
Believe me. You're right. I'm willing to go because it's a Monday and I'm sure you got a lot of
Oh, we're hot today, man
I'm telling you we're just bursting at the scenes with call today have a
Okay, see you later 1043 a W I do you still air sir? Yeah, hold on. Okay
All right, we have one in day one in Broward. That's open line just in case we don't really care on Monday because we're getting used to it
Oh, so we just kind of like pick our own as they say on the renearie show
Just kind of pick your own here for just south
Not another one from Detroit. I love how they always go to the same ones. Mm-hmm. Just amazing
God cherry waves every time yeah, I'm doing those shows here's cherry waves. I'd like to
pounding his breast
And telling us all about how talk shows are gonna save the world from itself or we're gonna
We'll solve on in Mike C. Goldie. We're gonna solve the problems of the medical
Props of the league of probation. Oh
God
See that's what the public is tired of man. That's why they go for all these ridiculous shows because eat no matter how
Ridiculous it is
At least it's different
That's why it has to become more bizarre all the time because you kind of burn yourself out
You know, yeah, you can only have so many guys who turn out to be women
You know what I'm saying? And then it becomes old
Like he never turned out that George Washington was a woman at this point nobody would care
They'd say oh, well, he had a pretty wig, you know, and uh
What's a big deal? Of course the fact that he slept with Martha that might create some, you know
And then they'll probably be a whole thing on those shows about that
Former presidents who slept with lesbian wives
Anyway, it's 1045 at WIOD. It's true sameness man to me is just a killer. It's just disgusting me too
It's when people do the same thing over and over
Hahaha
Yeah, I can't stand it
Discusting
Well, I can't believe Disney was in the hallway this morning and walked by with kind of a puzzled look on his face like
GM I in the right place and even one of our engineers who usually look it does not speak to me
Diddy I said do I pass him in the hall it was one of those one of those encounters where you just have to say something
Okay, I felt compelled and I said good morning
I had no idea.
There was a gutter-ol-sau that came from his throat.
I can't.
Now, either he had indigestion.
He had it.
Or he actually said something to me this morning.
I couldn't believe it.
See, he's still cleaning that old Rick Edwards I.N.Z.
Now, he does.
He just hates me for that.
I don't know what it is, but he just has never...
Really?
Never gotten over the fact that I wasn't a disciple of the Rick Edwards
who were dealing with Mike Baster the ceiling.
He's got a thing about it.
I don't know what it is.
He'd better get over that.
Well, it's kind of fun to have some people in the building who don't speak.
And then, of course, I saw Rick Weaver was in the sports booth there.
You saw him?
From...
He's always...
For some reason, when you pass him and he's in that room, his back is always to you.
Is there any special reason for that?
And I noticed when he left that room, he was backing out.
I've heard of backing out in the car.
But it's unusual to back out of a room.
But I guess that way you don't...
Well, listen, he's been here long enough.
He probably knows there's a good reason for it.
And Kat Stevens records.
I'm telling you, but the biggest thing about it is,
Jerry Williams is keeping his mouth shut.
Is he? Well, that's unusual.
That is really unusual, but...
Don't get me wrong, Jerry is a great talent on the air.
He's a tremendous talent on the air.
But over and above that, his ego is bigger than the whole state of Massachusetts.
I think that a man is just a monster in his own mind.
But Larry King is being...
Well, he's not...
Did he brush his teeth this morning as he still got that killer breath?
Yeah, they kind of look kind of purple to me.
Yeah, wait until he asks Charaldo to cash a check toward the end of the show.
Yeah.
That's when they're going to start the fist fight.
In fact, Jerry Williams has been on a couple of shows where they had fist fights, too.
Really?
So I have a feeling, is that show still on?
Yes.
Oh, yeah, wait until the last five minutes and Larry King is going to whip out a checkbook
and he's going to write a check out to Heraldo, who's going to look at it.
And then Larry's going to breathe too close to him with that bad breath he had on.
And Heraldo is going to start getting dizzy and start to pass out.
And then somebody...
Williams, the probably runner, was saying,
I know this, and he's going to bounce the check off the floor.
It'll bounce like a rubber ball and then it'll all start like a big brawl.
Like in the Cubs game yesterday with Mark Grayson, Frank DePino.
Absolutely.
Hey, Dunston with two homeruns?
Yeah, and Mitch Webster with two and two days.
This must be for Reo.
I hate that one.
And here, right in the middle of this incredibly important...
Yeah, it is his question.
We had six hundred of her yesterday.
However, well, who we have a bullet in pitch to complete game?
Oh, is it about Claude Pumper?
No.
Radio highlights in the sunset and all four of your stand by.
You're on the phone for a...
Oh, God.
Oh!
I told you.
Oh, all of a sudden my stomach is churning.
My appetite may be in question today.
Who the founder?
Go topic. Are you ready, sir?
Let's go.
Florida's mandatory helmet law with motorcycle enthusiast Rick Ciderman.
Rick Ciderman, Mr. X.
Who only drives on the extreme right hand side of the road.
He is a douchebag.
Oh, boy.
He's another one of Steve's slime ball surrogates.
Yeah, I know.
Well, listen, have a great day, pal.
You've been quite an addition to the show.
Okay, Neil.
See ya.
Bye.
1049 at WIVD.
Actually, these people are pretty decent today.
They've been okay.
Have a name.
For a Monday.
Yeah.
And far so good.
They've been pretty interesting.
Well, I guess it's a double-bawoyal day holiday.
You know, something just hit me at Calder Saturday for the first time ever.
The green sheet.
Which when we go out there Thursday, or not green.
It isn't green.
No, it isn't.
It's a pip sheet, but they call it a green sheet.
Anyway, one of the pickers.
There's like four different pickers.
This is one of the pickers named, and it's been in there.
I don't know who these people are, but his name is Harvey Jr.
And Harvey Jr. is not one of my favorites.
I don't know.
I never pay any attention to his picks.
He's a wonderful guy.
I'm curious.
And then a dawn on me, this is Paul Harvey Jr.
Is pickin' on the green sheet?
I thought it was the guy from Kendo.
Or is that Harvey of Kendo.
Harvey from Kendo.
See how he's got that, oh, I don't know because we haven't heard from him in a while.
In fact, he was like Donna in reverse.
remember for years he was ripping us then all of a sudden he made that big turn
around here a while ago.
Big turn.
Sonnest that sucking around.
Of course now he probably hates us again, but you never know with Harvey of
Kendall.
As opposed to Harvey from Kendall.
Maybe not be the same person.
Anyways, it's time to talk about the salvos and that's good because we're picking
our lunch for Thursday now.
Now what would you like on Thursday?
I don't care.
But you know my favorite thing at the salvos is the pizza.
So maybe pizza.
Yeah, let's get a pizza.
I haven't had pizza in a while.
Yeah, with what?
I'll circle the toppings.
Okay.
Not that in a matter.
We'll get a large with sausage, onions and black olives on it.
I know how to put together a pot.
I know.
And I'm going to get the sausage Parmesan sub.
That just sounds good to me.
I'm in the mood for that right now.
Now Fat Rich will be here on Thursday too.
He had a call in on the bat line if we can do that before the end of the spot.
If you love good family style Italian food, you're going to love the salvos pizza and Italian restaurants.
And I say plural because there are now three locations.
They're in Hollywood, Davie and a brand new one.
And boy, we're kissing the ground.
We're having celebrations daily that they're in plantation right in front of my old favorite
Windixi there at the corner of sunrise and Pine Island roads.
And for lunch or dinner, you can't beat it because they've got delicious food.
Everything is fresh.
They're pizza out of this world.
Some of the best pizza in town.
And the good news is they give you humongous portions.
Boy, they give you enough food for the Chinese army.
This isn't a good week to say that.
They give you enough food for the Lithuanian army.
So when you're hungry and you're really jones for some good inexpensive family style Italian food,
the salvos is open Monday through Thursday, 11 to 11 Friday and Saturday, late till midnight.
And every Sunday from 1 to 10 p.m.
Here are those three locations again in Hollywood right across the street from Toyota of Hollywood
between Taft and Sheridan on 441 in Davie on the corner of Sterling and University in a table supply shopping center.
And of course that newest one in plantation and we are excited and proud to have the salvos in our humble town
on Pine Island and sunrise at Jacaranda Square.
1053 at WIOD.
Wouldn't you know a little late here on the bat line?
Well, sorry about that.
Bat Rich making his order for Thursday from the salvos.
I think I need to be on the straight and narrow.
In other words, what that means is you're going to suck around for all the other things.
Exactly. I'll lend this taken measurements in two weeks.
I've got to make a showing here.
Well, good luck to you.
Okay, let me look on here now for the salads.
Well, I guess I can probably find it myself.
All right.
All right, I don't do it.
You're sure?
Oh, here it is, little antipasto for Slim Rich.
And a little...
Oh, a little baked tea.
Oh, a little baked tea.
Oh, okay.
All right, I'll catch you later.
Okay, see you.
Okay, there he is.
A real comedian.
A real comedian.
Let's see, pasta dinners.
Here we go with the baked tea.
Oh, a Sicilian with...
I should have asked him.
We'll just get the regular for Bat Rich.
He doesn't need that eggplant because it's no calories.
1054 at WIOD.
What was I just going to do for him?
You're going to have a record.
I haven't heard an ad.
Oh, yeah.
Uh-oh.
It's, uh, yeah.
Hamlet?
No, it's...
Hamlet, no, no, no, no, no.
It isn't.
It's...
Frank and Reynolds?
No.
No.
I wonder what she's doing tonight?
By Tommy Boyce.
Wow.
And Bobby Hart.
You were right.
I haven't heard it in over 10 years.
Hi, Alia.
Good morning, gentlemen.
When is this?
This and before we...
We bore the bird here a second.
Listen, uh, bird.
What? You bore me?
What? What?
I come in, I'm watching the SPN.
With the tennis that's going on.
Well, we're a little preoccupied here, sir.
I know it's hard to believe.
Maybe you saw Mary Jo yesterday when?
No, I didn't know.
I just asked me during the break how did Gabby do it
when I broke the news to him.
He started to hallucinate it.
I just looked it up and my heart sunk.
Okay, now we can get away from that.
And then come up to something else, honey.
Yeah, you can say that again.
You know, if you look at Zimmer every time the...
The wild man comes in the pitch.
It looks like after every pitch he's ready to go have some diarrhea
or something because he just makes you too nervous
to watch this guy throw the ball.
Go have some diarrhea, boy.
I never really thought about it
in quite those terms before, you know.
But the guy is nerve-racking to watch him pitch.
You're afraid that he's going to hit...
Well, what day are you talking about?
On Friday, he struck out the side.
Right.
But did he pitch Saturday?
Uh, I think he came in to clean up, yeah.
Did he mean to clean up?
They lost the game in the tenth inning.
But the thing is just not...
He knows.
When they bring him in,
is any time they bring him in, you look at him,
and he just looks...
Poppies. Yeah, his eyes start popping out of his head.
And, you know, the way he throws the ball,
it looks like he's going to knock the hell out of him.
Well, I love...
I still love on our...
On this station, those sports talk people with all their great sports writers
from the Harold and the Sun sentle keep saying,
oh, that bitch Williams, you know, a couple of saves,
he'll never save another game.
That was like back in the first week of the season.
He's now got 14 saves, and he's just beyond belief.
He's getting the job done.
Yeah.
And the Yankees, you know, they're so pathetic.
They're so glad to see Dion Sanders, you know,
he'll bring any kind of...
They were thinking of signing up Dion de Mucci as a matter of fact.
They called here and asked if we knew his address in Boka.
Oh, no.
But, you know, the couple are doing good,
and let's just hope they can...
Yeah, let's hope they just win four and a row from the Metz
to make it a nice clean memory.
That's right. That's all they need.
Okay.
I...
I...
I...
We appreciate Steve Stancell over next to our GTR
and all that good stuff that he did for us.
However, I will say...
That we're regressing back to the old...
Good old days.
Blaring.
You hear that?
Something?
Something.
I was kind of glad during that last call I didn't complain.
But now...
I wasn't even listening to Caller at all.
Newstalk Radio 610.
WIOD presents...
Neo Rogers.
To get in touch and talk.
Call 751 WIOD and Dade.
524 WIOD and Brawler.
Or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach.
Other areas may call Calet.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neo Rogers.
On Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD.
Hi, I'm Ed Buford, a Buford gang son.
And so...
Let's go and guns.
We have the largest selection of blues and firearms in the state and will personally assist you
in choosing the correct alcoholic beverage and weapons for your next outing.
Going squirrel hunting?
Then you'll love our low prices on snaps and hang grenades.
Let it in the city.
Check out our deal on handguns at California 1.
Maybe you aren't interested in hunting or self-defense.
Maybe you just like to get drunk and shoot a mailbox.
Well, we've got gallon jubs of wild turkey and 44 magnum shells on sale this week only.
We're open 24 hours.
We never check IDs and we're LRA approved.
So come on down to Buford gang son.
Licker and guns, where everything leans loaded.
Can I ask you a question?
Do we have all this stuff already?
On CD?
Oh, that's me.
What's going on here today?
I mean, not that I want to sound unappreciative, but we've got all this stuff already.
And they're putting it on cart.
Well, I guess it sounds better on cart than on CD, yeah?
Some world of normal FWD on court.
Anyway, it's 1107 at WIOD.
We have a very famous celebrity handicaprer from the racetracks all over South Florida on the phone now.
First off, speaking of Muffel, Claude got a little clammy by now, doesn't he?
So I think that's a disgusting comment.
Listen, I know about as much water, not with chlorox.
I know about as much about horse racing as Glenn does.
Oh, yeah, I've seen your picks.
And I've got to ask you a question.
Every morning I ride past Calder on the turnpike and I see them training.
And of course, there are most of the time they're training around the track counterclockwise.
But everyone's so loud you see them switching go the other way.
Why did they do that?
Some of them go the other way.
Now this is a question, yeah.
Paul Harvey never lets me down.
I will be out there Saturday the 24th.
I have to tell you that. Glenn will be there, won't he?
Yeah.
All right.
Wow.
Miss Fryd aspect, there doesn't know it yet, but absolutely.
He will be there and he will be paid for his performance, too.
Good for you.
So I just want to make sure she's aware of that because she has a tendency not to communicate.
She's the toughest person in the building to set a date for remote for next to Captain BM.
Should you want, I'm sorry, I'm stepping over you.
Should I bring my scooper with me?
Scooper.
No, the guy with the dog will not be permitted.
Believe me.
Okay.
Is there anything we should look for?
We're going to bring us some special Mongolian bodyguards out there on that Saturday.
Mongolia?
We miss you, Boats or us, Paul.
You know, I was on that muscular or multiple.
Oh, that's right.
You went on that bike ride that we did.
Yeah, I did another one yesterday for the Alonga Association, a hundred miles.
You want to talk about feeling like, mulled.
Wow.
We knew there was a logical explanation.
Yeah.
Otherwise, I had to driven all the way down there from Boca Routon.
Bells.
And there's Clockier Abe.
Clockier.
Clockier Abe's pretty sharp.
K Wells is good, though.
She sometimes picks those long shots, boy.
She's got some real courage.
And who else is on there?
There's one track man.
I don't know who...
See, they've all got names.
It's like Mike Melody and Johnny Dark and all these other phony names.
Track man.
I'll tell you who does a great job.
Is a guy who makes the graded line in there.
Is that Bob Savage's son.
Does that?
He does a tremendous job.
He really does.
He's good.
Very often, I don't pay any attention to that because your ego gets in a way.
That's why Steve went out there on Saturday.
But no, seriously, sometimes your ego gets in a way.
You figure, well, I'm not going to...
Yeah, I'm not going to just bet on somebody else's picks.
I'm going to study the forum and scope it out myself.
And so often, you see that they really have their stuff together in the green sheet.
So if you go out to Calder today, there'll be no losers in the green sheet.
That's because there are no races today or tomorrow.
Yeah.
But boy, they have done just a...
I can't get over it.
Beautiful, beautiful job on that fourth floor in a clubhouse.
I didn't get a chance to get around the rest of the track as a check out any other changes.
But boy, they have just made that polatial up there.
Great.
Phenomenal.
Anyway, the reason that they're blasting over a GTR, their air conditioning is out today.
Isn't that a shame?
What?
It sure breaks my heart.
So they have the doors open and as a result, that bass is just pounding through the walls.
Just blasting through the hallways.
What are they playing? Some CCR?
I don't know.
Anyway, if you're in plant trees...
Yeah.
Up, please.
And up, you high on feet.
11-13 at WIDI.
Apologized.
I had a little accident here.
We had a CD that slipped there and hit the button.
So you heard a little mumbling there.
But it kind of fits in.
Because the big story continues to be Claude Pepper.
It sounded like him.
We're taking up an office pool to see which newscast it finally will be on which day
that Claude Pepper is not the lead story on the news.
And I don't think it's disrespectful at all.
I mean, Steve was right.
The guy was one congressman out of 465 or 435, whatever the hell it is.
And he was 88 years old.
It's not like it was some great shock.
And he'd been sick for weeks.
He had a great life.
Yeah.
He lived a long, full life.
And they're rioting in China.
And they're slaughtering him in the streets.
And the Iatola just dropped dead.
And God only knows what's going to happen over there.
And like I said, it comes at six home lines at one game.
And we're talking, we're talking a China with Claude Pepper again.
I mean, let's give it a rest already.
OK, let the guy rest in peace for crying out loud if they don't.
Sooner or later they got to put that body in a ground.
You know what I mean?
Today.
Oh man, it's got to be getting through the little rank.
Is that by now?
I don't think they've ever schlepped anybody's body around like this.
Have they?
Not Kennedy.
Now he just, he was in Washington.
That was it.
I'm trying to think.
Even when Tody Fields died, I didn't schlepper around like this.
It's 1114 at WIOD.
Let's go to Hialeah.
Hello.
Hey, Neil Aguilin. How's it going?
Great.
This thing with Claude Pepper kind of reminds you way back on Saturday night live when Chemi Chase used to do the news.
You know, Francisco Franco is still dead.
And for months it went on.
And that's going to be this way with Claude Pepper too.
It looks like.
Wouldn't it be something if they were, you know, doing this motorcade thing and they had the coffin open?
And all of a sudden he started like sitting up in the thing.
Wouldn't that be incredible?
I don't want to think about it.
You may not believe it, but I think Penny Daniels is going to have that inside story tonight on Channel 7.
I'll be watching.
In fact, you know all the talk about Elvis and that they say it was a wax dummy?
I think Claude is still alive.
Well, my people always thought Claude was a wax dummy anyway.
Yeah.
I was not going to question for you.
He's just as alive as he has been last 20 years, isn't he?
I guess.
Well, he's a lot of good things in Ripham.
No, it's not a Rip, but I mean, the guy's like was 88 years old.
Even my loan already.
It's just time, I guess.
Hey, was I had a question?
Okay.
Back on Zannie, you played a record from the casino.
Really great song.
Then you can tell me goodbye.
Can you play there?
Oh, Jesus, expect me to find that now.
Well, you know, sometimes today.
I sometimes today, but you don't understand.
They still have most of my CDs over there.
It would only, I could only play it if I had one of these CDs over there.
Wait a minute.
I've seen that.
Just decided a big deal about it over there when we played it.
Remember?
Yeah, I'll have to dig through all my CDs.
No, you really made some serious work, but I'll dig it up.
You can do it.
You played on Zatobruc's a Scratiol record.
You didn't have it on CDO over there.
Really?
Yeah.
We didn't.
So I don't have any Scratiol record.
It's dark.
Now, I'm sure it's on CDs somewhere.
If I don't have it on CDO.
It is.
What?
I think it is.
Oh, I know it is.
It's on that oldies.
It's on these.
The oldies Bacutei series.
I remember.
On Sounded in Crata of Label is this.
Original Sound Entertainment.
What a great label that is.
But anyway, I'll find it.
I've always been the reason I caught it.
I got a spirited work.
It's about to do with Greg B. Dale.
There's something going on with this marriage, I think.
He and his wife got a big argument this weekend.
He has to do something.
I think I had to come to him with a posture, something like that,
because he came home and she had noodles in her mouth.
Oh, boy.
Nice job.
Have a great day.
I like that joke.
That was the cute one.
Oh, God.
Five Americans.
One six ten.
One pirate.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
But it was a...
Let's stick with English, sir, okay?
Yeah.
Don't talk me a Chinese with all these Chinese words now.
Yeah, you're the best kid.
I know it.
I'm no Larry King, though, because I brush my teeth every day.
No, I listen to Jerry.
Jerry?
Jerry is a tremendous talent.
He's a question about it.
He's kind of a pompous ass, but he's a great guy.
Great guy.
Well, I know he's a noble friend.
I've been to yours.
Well, yeah.
I listen to your show every morning.
And lo and behold, you mentioned Gerardo, so...
Gerardo, yeah.
So I'm not a listener, it's hacker.
Well, there you go.
See, I'm giving him a policy.
I want my cut.
I want my share now.
Did they have a fist fight on the show or not?
No.
That's disappointing.
Very nice, but he's the Jerry's full of the show.
Yeah.
Well, he stands heads and shoulders above the other fakers
that were on that show.
That's right.
Trust me.
You better believe it.
Okay, have a great life.
You too.
As they say in the Chinese riots, I go on.
Oh, okay.
1119 at WIOD.
You're all hit.
Music.
Oh, I forgot which one I put in there.
It starts cold and I'm talking.
Oh, boy.
Yeah.
Wow, I'm forget to get out that cart.
We're going to have to get out that rookie tiki cart.
By the way, do you hear what Ranieri did to Janie Merkins this morning?
Oh, you're...
Mr. Arnalys here?
Mr. Arnalys here.
Now, great boy.
I'm so in the mood for those little burgers, boy.
Is that Mr. Arnalys?
This would do it for me.
Hmm.
You went into that other room.
I don't know what he's doing in there.
What?
You know, maybe he's getting the guided tour in the new product.
By the way, speaking of the other room, today is the fifth of June.
Yeah.
There he is.
Look at this.
This is like heaven in a box.
Okay.
What did you find in that?
Heaven in a box.
Anything interesting in there?
No, I was looking for Roger.
He's giving his three.
Looking for Roger.
Oh, he'll get him.
Don't have no fear.
Roger, get taken care of.
I didn't bring you a soda, but I brought you ice.
Oh, thank you.
That's what we just love the ice.
That's what it's all about.
Thank you so much.
You know, everybody I know, they are...
Oh, great.
Well, let me recommend personally the bacon cheeseburgers.
These are the best in the history of mankind.
I really like those.
Great.
Yeah, because everybody I know tells me they're stopping by your place now.
So, obviously, you're pretty good at retiring about a week.
Thanks, a million Wayne.
Oh, this is great.
Hi, Henry.
Where are you?
Here's a bacon cheeseburger just because you're such a wonderful drunk.
Okay, it's 21 past 11 at WIDs.
Roger, hi, not any workers.
We got that personal eye.
Roger gets his own personal bag.
How do you like that?
And we get our cups of ice.
Oh, this is terrific.
Okay, and everybody on the phone has been so good today.
Good morning, good morning.
Whatever, and it's not that far off.
Not only a month and a half away.
Well, Ricky's so upset.
Well, whenever the weather gets like this, you know, footballs would always come to my mind.
Yeah, when you go to the other day about Eric Cammaro.
Oh, they do have the little bacon cheeseburgers at Arnold's Royal Castle.
So, when you go in there, there they come.
Great.
Hmm.
I don't know what's in the box, but please help themselves.
Okay.
Is there more in the box?
Oh, God, he just went nuts today, didn't he?
There's a whole box of them?
Well, great.
Let's see, what day is today, Monday?
Well, why don't you take that box to the newsroom, and maybe that'll cut down on.
Oh, God's not here today.
Sure, it's out with Andy working.
Oh, working.
I thought maybe they're out playing golf.
Today coming their golf shirts today.
Henry's going to a wine tasting, but Henry was in here briefly just in time.
I'm surprised.
Cleans his palate with one of these burgers before he goes off.
What does that mean, Georgia?
What is that?
Hello?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hello.
Hello.
Let me say it again.
Yeah.
Neil.
Yeah.
Is this Scottam in Georgia right now?
Well, that's your problem, Scott.
Well, hey, we just got down from Geneva, New York.
Great.
We were talking to a good buddy of yours up there.
You're hitting all the high spots.
Oh, you're hitting all the high spots.
I was wondering, I know it's a big deal.
Can you possibly come here and hold for the lightning, man?
You were talking to a buddy of mine up there?
Yeah.
Who's that?
Oh, Chris.
What's that guy's name?
We talked to you, Neil.
From Boston.
Obviously made it to the middle of the fresh.
What?
Oh, it's great radio because we're eating.
Hey, Norm Nathan.
Norm, never heard of him.
Never heard of him, huh?
He does a talk show at Boston.
He does a talk show?
He does a talk show.
Yeah.
No, I'll never heard of him.
You're a big star up there.
Yeah, I know.
Too bad I can't do it here.
Well, I think he used to work for a while.
He used to work for a 180 WHAM in Rochester.
No, come on.
Get out of here.
That was Bob Turner used to work for WHAM.
Okay, well listen, I'm going to put you guys on hold
because you're we're paying for it, right?
Right, indeed.
Okay, well, let's start to run up a hell of a good bill.
That's good.
Hey, bird.
What?
What's happening?
He's busy eating now and he thinks you're disturbing him.
Okay, just had a very perturbed look on his face like,
I could ask the bird one question.
Yeah.
What's the deal with our cineohol?
What about him?
Well, why is he so hot?
The guy's the lame of conscious, isn't it?
That's right.
He's got no talent and he looks like he just came off a spaceship for Mars.
Well, he's different, you know?
Yeah.
We don't have too many other Martian talk show hosts.
Exactly.
Okay, hold on.
Don't go away and I'll come back to you time every once in a while.
Ask a few questions.
It's the old story.
He's different.
Yeah.
I'd say that again.
I haven't seen the show that many times.
I like that one big guy in the middle of his forehead.
It's 24 past 11 at WIOD.
Over the years.
1126 at WIOD.
Steve today with the couple of Catholic priests who are going to get into a little tiff.
Oh, good.
And Father Patrick Gosset and Father Joseph Francis Collins.
And they both say the other one is full of crap, okay?
Which is all you need on the steep can show a couple of guys who are, say, the other guy is full of crap.
And generally you get a little bit of religion in there and a lot of good hatred.
And we got a good contrived controversy.
And that's what's coming up from two to six.
And then after sports talk tonight with a host to be announced, it says no writer.
Well, sports talk.
It says Cain's baseball tonight from the college world series in Omaha 810.
The Hurricanes in Texas.
Well, I'm not doing the show.
And oh, you're not going to do sports talk tonight.
They may have.
I think you get a big audience.
Lays their time.
So Alex Fernandez is going to pitch for Miami tonight.
So that would be a real incredible ballgame.
810 tonight exclusively on 610 WIOD in spite of what they say on some of the other sports station.
That's right.
I can't believe I was so rude to Ed Camplin on Saturday.
I have to apologize.
And I didn't recognize me.
He said, do you remember me?
And I, you know, I don't like to say no.
What do you do when somebody says that no?
Well, I thought he was just some schlep listener.
And he sat down for a minute and he was, you know, trying to be friendly.
And I was very not rude but distant, you know, because I want to be left to hell alone.
I'm sitting out there on the roof card.
And then when he left, I thought that said Camplin is a good guy.
Yeah.
They sound good.
He sounds good.
He does.
In fact, there's sports over there is picking up all the time.
I don't want to get anybody paranoid in the building here.
But there's sports sounding better and better.
And they talk about more than just the anchies or the mets or the dolphins.
I know that's pretty unorthodox in this town.
Even on the beach that's unorthodox.
Well, this is the time of the year when you wish you were Hussi Dick.
Don't you?
When you could be wearing 700 pounds of clothing, have your hair down to your pupic,
and wear a nice big hat over there on the beach.
Don't you wish that?
What's in there?
Ice.
Ice.
Oh, this ice is great.
Got an under control.
Yeah.
Everything's real mellow and there's no bad air.
And what's your bag?
And what's your bag is here with your name on it?
Your name's on it.
Your three plain, whatever it is.
Wilton Manor.
Hello.
There's your cool castration.
Huh?
Hello.
What do you say, sir?
About castration?
Oh, yeah.
Sally.
Right now on the Sally Jesse Raphael, she'll speak about the ball game.
They've got a real mixed bag on there.
They're talking about surgical castration.
Really?
Yeah.
For repeated sex offenders.
Oh, great.
They got some real psychotic doctors there.
Is Sally going to be the first volunteer?
She keeps talking about it.
She says, man, you know, so you get this guy and he's a repeated sex offender.
And you cut his, and you fill in the rest because I don't talk like that.
Yeah.
But you know she's thinking like that.
No, she's thinking about it all the time.
That's why she wears those funny glasses.
Oh, it's unbelievable.
Yeah.
Talk about that clogged pepper.
It's kind of morbid that they've been dragging that body around.
Yeah.
Why don't they bury the guy already?
Most people get buried when their body is still fairly fresh.
They put it in the Congress there and people are walking by looking at it.
Yeah.
It'd be creepy.
I wouldn't want to go to work.
I'd be like, well, good.
Couple of people walk by and slap the face a little bit.
And why don't they leave it alone before it all crumbles?
Yeah.
Isn't there some, yeah, health code or something?
Good, but not in Washington anymore.
All right.
Now everything is unsanitary in Washington.
Certainly.
In fact, that's why they call it the Mung City.
Well, listen, you've been a real addition to the show.
All right.
And if you believe that, you'll believe anything.
Have a great day.
Enjoy your meal.
Thank you.
1130 at WIOD.
Yeah, this is good.
This really just hits the spot without going nuts early, which is good.
Yeah, because I had that dig me a last night a lot to have another herb.
Now for those who are tuning in late,
we want to repeat the staggering rumor that we heard earlier,
because it's more than just a rumor now.
Yes, it is.
And we apologize, because usually up until we came to WIOD,
we had an impeccable record, almost a perfect record.
I'm sorry.
And passing along information about the business.
Once we came here, we started getting, well, kind of manipulated.
If I can use that word a little bit into passing along information that was less than dependable.
Yes.
So don't depend on it.
And as it comes from, is that our slogan, don't depend on it?
Isn't it great that so far we've been on an hour and a half,
and even though Disney's into building, boy, Gary,
and Spike Wise, I saw him, they're all in the building,
and everything is still kind of mellow.
You know what I mean?
Boy, maybe they can go away again for a couple of weeks.
Wouldn't that be good?
Well, there must be.
Because I was debating over the weekend.
I like to bitch about the fact that they never show their faces in here,
and they don't do anything.
But on balance, you know, when they're gone, things go pretty well.
You know what I bet you.
Anyway, the rumor is that's been confirmed, by the way,
from different sources.
Also, before you go to the rumor,
I heard this morning from a very, very, very reliable source
that several people were interviewed for Rose Folger's job while he was away last week.
And I said, I can't believe that in this business.
They would do a thing like that.
We've seen it before.
We have?
Anyway, in about three or four weeks,
ETA will be going pirate radio.
They're going to pick up the Pittsburgh Pirates game.
They're going to pick it up off this satellite from Scott Chanin's doing the format out in L.A.
It'll be on Westwood One, out of that building.
They're already doing it in L.A.
But it's going to go on satellite.
And they're going to pick it up here.
Three or four weeks.
You'll see the billboards on the screen.
Which is what?
Well, I guess this month.
No, I mean, what does that mean?
Pirate radio.
Mm-hmm.
Well, it's a new format in the industry.
They play, uh, they play some oldies.
Are they waiting till I go on vacation again?
Maybe.
That's when they do all the way.
Hey, thank you.
I'll go in.
And you'll come back.
Yeah.
Remember?
With Stan?
You bet.
Oh, it was just coincidence.
There was nothing to do with it.
There's no coincidence.
They play some oldies from the 60s, but different oldies than you're used to hearing.
They play some new cutting edge, hard rock music.
Cutting edge.
Yeah.
What does that mean?
Well, it means like the records are sharp.
And if you don't watch yourself, you'll slit your wrist like Ozzy Osborne.
Different.
New music.
Oh, here's a question from Nick.
Do they play Slayer?
Maybe.
Yeah, maybe.
Dead Milkman.
Definitely the dead milkman.
Yeah.
They play a lot of that.
And then they play some records that were hits about five years ago.
But only like every second or third record will be a recognizable, uh, big hit, you know.
They play some obscure music.
Perfect for ZTA.
And, um, that's it.
That's the story.
And the billboards will be changing.
The watch, the space billboards will be becoming pirate radio billboards.
That'll probably be the first and they're very, very nice billboards.
Very eye catching.
That'll probably be the first indicator.
Yeah.
Well, they were, they were having their meeting at the Chica Lodge where I broadcast my Friday night show from.
Yeah.
And they stayed in there about five minutes after I went on here and then they all took off.
I don't know if it's because they know that I talked to you every now and then or what.
But not one of them wanted to get up and talk to me except the Jeff Clark.
Is he a nice guy?
I don't know.
I couldn't tell much from the interview.
Well, since his operation, it's a real calm, you know, very mellow.
And every other Wednesday they bring him in and they talk to him and are still waiting for a response.
They talk to him real quiet and they hope that he'll finally start speaking.
He hasn't spoken in three years.
I saw Denimberg.
He's the only one that was under five foot tall, right?
Yeah.
Okay, I got to see.
Yeah, he lost two inches, by the way, and he's pretty upset about it.
He's the one that they went out parasailing with, I think.
Yeah.
Yeah, they used him, they put him on a fish hook.
They used him as bait.
They had a wonderful time and the people at Chica say they hope they never come back there again.
Good. Well, listen, we were hoping the same thing that they'd stayed out there.
And I got a little life report on myself.
I stopped doing the morning show from 6 to 10 a.m.
The station management gave me a promotion.
They made me sales manager and program director.
Wow.
Oh, you're really moving up, Jimmy.
Well, now I have to consider myself a total asshole and I'm going to commit suicide.
Okay, well, listen, say hi to your brother, Jerry, for us.
So, take care.
Have a good day.
Jimmy Music.
Wow. What is it?
What is it?
Hmm.
Oh, these little bacon cheeseburgers.
When you go to Arnold's Royal Castle, get the little bacon cheeseburgers, believe me.
Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.
I agree.
Who are they good?
Anyway, it's time to remind you that on Saturday, June 24th, we're all going to be at Toyota of Hollywood.
Now, remember the last time that Stephen I were there and I said I wanted a record-breaking turnout.
Yeah.
We did have a good turnout.
They sold a ton of cars, which is what, you know, that's main idea.
But we just, there are a lot of those regulars, you know what I mean?
A lot of those same faces, including the guy with the dog and then that obnoxious slob from who hangs out at playoffs, Mr. Rez.
And those people are not invited this time.
We want a whole bunch of like new and different people.
We're going to have all kinds of pictures and bumper stickers and prizes.
I mean, some not, not these crappy little prizes that they usually try to pawn off that they think you're going to come in for.
We're going to have some real legitimate incredible stuff.
So, Mark the date, Saturday, June 24th, they've been ever decided to tell me what time I'm going to be.
Well, Johnny Dolan just called off the air with a very shocking message.
He said, hi.
Which shocked a hell out of me.
And he said, pirate radio is for 18 to 24 year old males.
Well, we know that just like K-102 was for 18 to 24 year old males.
And there is a section of those mentally deficient 18 to 24 year old young pinheads who are in that real heavy duty crap.
OK, about one share. That's what it was good for before in this market.
And they can relate to that.
Over there, they'll be comfortable with like a one three, maybe one six.
Anyway, it's 1138 at WIOD and we'll go to Deerfield. Hello.
Yeah, now.
Yeah. How you doing?
Great.
I took your advice and went to La Tevanetta.
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
But there is one place in town that makes La Tevanetta a distance second.
I don't believe that.
Aldo's.
Yeah.
Are you the crank?
Am I the crank?
Yeah.
No, not the crank.
Did we ever hear any more about that?
No.
Not a word.
You got to try it now.
I think you'll let you to agree.
I prefer to have a notice, sir.
1138.
What are they looking for?
Free publicity? Is that what that was all about?
I don't know.
Interesting.
You know, I'd forgotten all about it.
Yeah.
Until he mentioned it again.
I think that's going to be like the donut place.
Yeah.
Could be.
Could be.
A lot of energy went into that crank, boy.
Yeah.
And we still wound up beating from our friends up to the street at Flora's, a tremendous meal.
It was wonderful.
It finished the week.
Great.
But isn't it interesting how we haven't heard any more about that?
I was going to call up there, and I forgot about it because it was on the weekend.
Probably just as well.
Boy.
Yeah.
I can see that this guy's.
That was such an obvious setup call.
You have to be an idiot not to smell it from 100 miles away.
You can smell it garlic.
Anyway, it's 1139 at WIOD.
And we got a call from West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Good.
Wanted to call and let you guys know.
I checked out one of your places you use to talk about the Andrias this weekend.
And I don't know what happened, but I called information.
He got their phone number.
Yeah.
And it gave me the wrong number.
I made reservations for some restaurant.
I don't even know where it was for five o'clock.
But we showed up at the Andrias at five and the lady says, well, we don't open till six.
She opened the restaurant up.
She was the owner.
And let us come in and have a couple cocktails.
And at six they seated us.
And the food was out of this world.
Oh, yeah.
It's excellent.
We'd sit down and start.
We took my mother and mother there for dinner.
And she started to order something and Todd was the waiter.
He said, now you don't want that.
Try this.
This is what Neil would have.
And everybody was just.
No, he didn't say this is what Neil would have.
Yeah, he did.
Yeah.
So this is what Neil would have.
And she says, okay, I'll try it.
And the food was excellent.
And I told him, you know, that probably Bill Mullen was handling the account before.
So they must have had a little problem.
No, Coleman was handling the account.
That's kind of in the same genre.
But the food was actually, I drove.
Yeah, it's a terrific.
Were they busy?
Yeah, for Sunday afternoon, I was surprised.
Good.
Of course, we were the first people there.
So we could do it.
I'll see it takes some time.
I think they were a little impatient.
And also they picked the time right after Easter when everybody disappeared.
Yeah.
But they're going to do okay.
They've got a great restaurant.
Food was excellent.
And every time we hear a restaurant, you know, run across WIOD, we check it out.
And we haven't been disappointed yet.
Good.
I haven't had a chance to check out those burgers you guys are eating yet.
But I understand there's nothing like a great piece of ice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So to speak.
Have a great day.
Talk to you.
See, he was great and then he tried to be funny.
I know.
He was a good call, but he tried to be a little humor there in the end.
And it was about as funny as like a broken leg.
1141 at WIOD, we have an opening.
Oh, he's on a Palm Beach line.
I'm sorry, I apologize.
655-9463-655-WIOD in Palm Beach County.
The Lee Fowler Show today, asking the musical question, is Rick Ciderman really a douchebag?
Oh, boy, is that a tough question?
They can answer that in about three minutes.
Miami, hello.
Hello, Deel.
This is Harry.
Are you there?
Bad voice, Harry.
Excuse me?
I must have been called those six home runs yesterday that did it.
No, I don't, I'm not sure.
There was the home runs or there was the fact that I do that you were coming to Chicago.
Yeah, that must have been it.
Well, listen, when you do come up here, I want you to visit me.
I want you to come up.
Is it a good thing he told us who it was?
Yeah, I want you to come to Chicago.
You sure it's not Elvis?
Is this Elvis?
Don't, Harry.
Elvis is with Cards.
Oh, okay.
Listen.
Neil?
Yeah, Harry.
It cuts that.
It's him, right?
Like Al.
I trust you are too.
Okay, Harry, take care of yourself.
Okay.
Are you sure that one now?
Oh, Al Flandon.
1143 at WIOD.
See what I mean about these amateur comedians?
The worst, the worst, the worst.
Just painful.
Deadly, it was.
In fact, Harry's starting to get surly even after the Cubs 113 yesterday,
starting to get hysterical after that.
Miami, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
Bird, how you doing?
Fine.
Let me ask you a question, sir.
Yeah.
How you doing?
I'm doing just wonderful.
Good.
Yeah, I got caught by the respiratory porn.
As you know, the bird tells us there are no coincidences.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, well, the IOTO will pass the way left.
Yeah, I was thinking about that.
Isn't this a pretty bizarre idea?
Have you ever seen Claude and the IOTO together?
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
How would he look with one of those, you know, beard?
With a smatha on, yeah.
That's right.
Okay, think about that.
And why doesn't he speak as good an English as you or me?
Okay.
Yeah.
What rule rules?
Yeah, maybe he's speaking in a rainy.
I rainy, or maybe that's his first language.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, well, that was just my thought on that.
In fact, they asked Claude how he got elected to the Congress.
He said, I ran.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Pretty cool.
I think he was trying to tell us something there, sir.
Pretty weak there now.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah, okay.
Listen, it was great to Cubs Croyd 11 runs.
That was unbelievable output for them.
That's about a week's quota, usually.
Couldn't believe it.
Okay, when I heard that.
Let me say it again.
They hit five home runs in a whole month of May, and they hit six in one game yesterday.
That was incredible for them.
I don't know so many, you know, they must have got lucky or something.
Yeah.
Well, anyways, an extra gatorade.
Uh, okay.
Have a great day.
And passing, though.
Yeah, I'd like to call Sean a douchebag.
In closing.
Okay, in closing.
Remember, Rick Shaw or Dog's lead.
Ha-ha-ha.
Oh, they just all got to get those little tentacles, you know.
Yeah.
Oh, that was a good launch, one of them.
We hit it fast.
I'm going.
Like lightning.
Yeah.
It's all gone.
So every drop.
Yes.
Every drop.
There is some ice in the bag.
That's right.
That's it.
It's all gone.
There ain't nothing left.
So Andy and Todd, you missed out, but it was exceptionally good today.
I want them to feel bad.
But it was probably the best ever, wasn't it?
It was great.
Bokeh, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Let's see.
Have a quick spy report, April word spy report.
Sorry, Sadie.
This weekend, you know what I think she was ordering partially soup.
I couldn't believe it.
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
Take care.
See ya.
Now, for a Monday, these are exceptional calls.
Oh, I would agree.
The quality of the calls today is compared to the usual Monday plus the number of the calls.
We've had more calls already that we usually get in a month of Mondays.
Yeah, it was kind of a pretty good weekend.
I enjoyed it.
Everything was great.
I had a tremendous dinner last night.
I had a good time at Calder on Saturday and the Cubs scored all those runs yesterday and
everything was great.
Life goes on.
I think.
I don't know.
I need a little rest now.
You know, after that lunch.
Because it was quick.
Yeah.
See, I usually space mine out.
That's why it takes me so long because I eat it very slowly.
Because while you're on the air, you don't want to do anything real quick and have an accident.
Yeah.
Speaking of that.
Oh, I'm going to have to be excused.
Go right ahead.
Now, I have to go that like it's a data.
We say that I have to go check the mailboxes, water the flowers, and what else did we use to say?
I don't know, but they told us we couldn't say anything over there.
I don't know how we got any numbers because we couldn't say anything about anything.
So I have to go check and be sure the kitchen is on.
We wouldn't want this rumor about pirate radio to affect Tim Williams, the general manager,
because he does have young children who are highly impressionable and would not want to hear other kids in school saying that daddy is a douchebag.
The daddy is some kind of a mindless mong brain who couldn't, he wouldn't know a radio from a freight train.
Go ahead.
Just zip right on out of here.
You're going to have to wait for an engraved invitation.
While you're doing that, I think I'll tell everybody about Nutri's system.
Okay, 1150, 10B4 new to WIID.
Can't feel like a certain freedom now, like if I wanted to talk about all the home runs that Cubs had yesterday.
And it's Sanderson pitched a complete game and go...
Neil.
Yes.
My name is Kelly.
I'm a first time callin' a long time.
Well, that's great, Terry.
How you doin' over there with all our American money?
Well, I'm not getting much of it because I'm a host, maybe, I'm cable bitch.
You've been to Bahamas before.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Boy.
I work out, uh, I see.
As they say, and is they say in Siberia, it's Faltmare Hallusches, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
It's quite hot over here also.
Yeah, well, it's pretty hot here too, Terry.
Yeah.
You're doing a great job and you always make my day.
I hear we have a lot of listeners over there in the Bahamas.
There's been a lot of time listening while they're counting those American dollars.
Is that true, Terry?
Well, I used to be doin' a lot of work.
I'm working pretty hard.
You're workin' what?
Pretty hard.
Oh, pretty hard.
Yeah, I'm a host, me, it all, and cable bitch.
Oh boy.
Well, you probably get to rub elbows with all those rich people, huh?
Yeah.
Now listen, let me ask you a question.
That new casino that Murf Gryffin opened.
Aha.
Which one is that?
That's the one that will part his island.
Oh, it's in NASA?
Yes, it's the NASA OleAde Island.
Boy, talk about haloshes.
Now what's the name of it?
It's Sheraton Grand Hotel, Uncocino.
The Sheraton Grand Hotel, Uncocino.
Uncocino, yeah.
And that's Murf Gryffin, and he's got his own...
Yeah, port and everything.
He's own little airport.
Yeah.
Isn't that great?
That's right.
And his Pat SayJack reached you when you get off the plane there with Vanna?
Got it.
I say it must be a really great place, huh?
Yeah, it is.
Yeah.
But they're doing great over there, over part of the island.
The Sheraton Hotel and the casino thing.
That's right.
Well, I'm thinking about going over there and checking it out.
It's supposed to be nice, huh?
Yeah, it is.
Even carnival is nice to the Crystal Palace.
The other one that just opened up.
You know, and cable feature here.
Yeah.
That's lovely, also.
Great. Well, listen, that's great hearing from you.
Yeah, okay.
And say hi to all our friends over there.
We understand we've just got a legion of fans over there in the Bahamas.
Yeah, you do.
Well, that's pretty exciting.
Okay, me.
Have a good one.
Okay, bye.
Bye.
Why don't you nice?
We have an open line in Palm Beach, 655 WIOD.
And I have no WI-5, 9463.
Hollywood, hello.
I know you're going to be angry at me.
Yeah, I'm already, I'm already angry.
I apologize.
I'm the one that was supposed to deliver the food,
but I must tell you what happened.
Yeah, right.
See, I'm already...
Sir, let me ask you a question.
Yes.
Is this, how long is this going to go on?
Is this a joke?
No, it's just that dog ate part of it.
I put it in the house to break.
Yeah.
1153 at WIOD, we have an open line in Davey.
Listen, it's noon time or we'll be soon,
so I can't wait to that news report.
If they've buried Claude yet.
How much you want to bet, sir?
I mean, just a friendly little...
But wait, sir.
Imaginary wager that's the first story on the noon news will be Claude Piper.
It very well could be.
Yeah, I think the odds are one-to-nine.
Oh, quick burn.
Yeah, you're one-to-nine yesterday and you got gaffed in the third race.
Really?
Yes.
A-noes one-to-nine shot tonight.
Well, he opened up with a thousand dollars in the pool for him.
And then it went down from there.
Yesterday was a blood bath for me at Calder.
Really?
Where did Quick Burn finish your one-to-nine?
I think about...
Well, he didn't go off at one-to-nine.
One time he was like that.
He came in fourth, I think.
Great.
He got off the board.
Yeah, I had a horse yesterday.
You know one of those tips.
This horse can't lose.
Yeah.
I hear that.
Yeah, like the 12 horse in the first race Saturday.
He's still...
In fact, here he comes right now.
Oh, man, I'm telling you it was incredible.
Truly, it was a blood bath.
I thought I was in the...
What if a tan man square or something in China?
Yeah.
But you still have a good fun.
Exactly.
I thought it would.
You know, that's one thing.
Even though I lost a few bucks Saturday, I had a great time.
I got nice tan, I sat outside.
I wandered around.
I ran into a whole bunch of people.
It was great.
You know, I ran it to your buddy there.
Well, I don't know if he's really your buddy.
Lester Green shirt.
Yeah.
The old Lester.
I love that.
Oh, listen, you know, the one race I hit real good on Saturday,
which got me even for a while, for a while, was the third race.
And Lester, who every time he sees me, he's got it,
toply on a horse.
He gave me the two horse in that race.
He's still running, so I immediately scratched him out.
But perfect, it was a mortal one-three,
and Lester was touting the two.
Oh, boy.
Well.
He's a good guy, though.
Yeah, he's good.
He ever catches a ticket, he can afford it by a new shirt.
He's always there.
I'm getting buried out here.
Yeah.
That's...
But he's having a good time doing it, though.
Yeah, he's always there.
Okay, I'll see you.
Neil.
Yeah.
I ran into a good friend Larry Kent the other day.
You ran into him?
Well, probably had to have stitches, didn't you?
Yeah, well, we were talking, and we were talking about you,
and a couple other things.
I think he's a fan of yours.
Yeah, he's a closet neither.
He's a good guy.
Yeah, he's a good...
As fate would have it, we were talking about where is WFUN now.
And he says he thinks it's up in Ohio.
He's a giant in the industry, sir.
He's a think-fedable guy.
Okay, how do you get there?
Bye-bye.
Okay, well, there's a guy who plunged his guts out
and called her yesterday, and that's the kind of guy we really admire and appreciate, okay?
And little preview, we're going to have a tribute to the old Zeta in the next hour.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Just a little preview there of what's to come.
Gail not so brighter as in April.
Who's sitting in there?
April?
Press by the host guest or callers.
Are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers.
On News Talk Radio 610 WIO.
Don't say nice and simple, you hear.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Not that bad.
12.05 at WIOD.
Spike Wise from 97GT.
Just in here, bugging us again.
Boy, he is something.
Well, I got a special tribute now to, wouldn't it be great if we could get like Caprita on here?
Wow.
After it's all over over there, it should be probably in a couple of weeks.
Yeah.
Yes, wouldn't it?
When that piece house the whole inside story?
Yeah.
The inside edition?
What's he going to do?
Good question.
What's Rose going to do?
Rose bought a house.
You told him not to do that.
Well, like everything else, he didn't listen to anything else.
I told him so why should be different on that?
So, well, the interesting thing is he wins the Colonel Office Pool.
Okay, a little tribute.
In front of him.
My friend.
Three, two, three, two.
I guess he's not there.
He's here.
The phrase, image, or whatever.
No, yeah, they're talking about him, all right?
Boy, that was...
A guy over here.
Let's see if we can do it over on this side of the board.
There we go.
Should be a Tizeta.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Listen to that.
Now, are you supposed to hit the buzzer in the second?
That is nice.
Very nice.
Oh!
Good.
Heavens.
Well, I wanted to be perfect because it's a Tizeta.
And their favorite recording group.
Okay.
And look what they've done for him.
We think it's a normal record.
get to the part that I like the best though. What cut is that? It should be pretty easy.
It's number one.
I'm not missing it.
What's it at? It's got a music. I need to keep on playing it.
There we go. This is the part that just sends me.
There we go.
Every time I think is eight of man. I just start rolling.
I'm like in my stomach.
1207 at WIOD. We have a celebrity caller from Channel 25 in beautiful Palm Beach County.
It says hello.
Neil, Bert, how you doing?
Good.
Great. I'm working up here at the Channel 25.
You know, and Jimmy Brosmer is up here now.
You know, but nobody gets it anyway.
Who is this?
It's Alan Collin from Channel 25.
Alan.
Yeah. First time caller.
What do you do up there?
I'm one of those salespeople or assholes.
Oh, it's a salesperson from Channel 25.
There you go.
There you go. Got a couple of somethings for you here.
Okay.
All right. On WDZL on Channel 39, they do these promos for a love connection.
I don't know if you've seen them.
Anyway, they have these little cuts of people talking, answering questions,
and in the middle, they're yelling out, get a life.
So they're ripping material off from you, Neil.
Yeah. Like everybody else.
Anyway, there's a, have an answer to a musical question that,
a caller had a few weeks ago.
He wanted to know what the song was at the end of that movie, Groove Tube.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's called, Just Me, Just You.
Oh, the singing in the rain, thank you.
What are you talking about?
He's wandering around Midtown Manhattan.
Yeah. He's sort of dancing around the street.
Right. Right. So it's good call.
Just singing in the rain was in a clockwork orange.
That's right.
That was a great movie though.
It Chevy Chase was in it, Richard Belzer.
Yeah. He thought it was singing in the rain the morning.
Well, in a clockwork orange?
Well, you must have seen a different version than I did.
He's talking about Groove Tube.
Oh.
Yeah. But that's the name of the song, it's called Just Me, Just You.
Yeah, Groove Tube.
Wasn't that with Malcolm McDowell?
Yeah. Right.
Exactly.
So if you guys get your station constructed yet, you all done?
Yeah, we're on the air. We've been on the air since January 1.
No, no, but you had it like a new facility, you know, brand new.
Yeah, it's done.
It's done. It's up. It's rolling.
It's what?
It's up and rolling.
Rolling.
Rolling on the river.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But that's it. Just wanted to call it.
Well, say hi to Jim Brosmer for us.
He's a great guy.
He's a super job.
He's a great guy.
In fact, I have a Jim Brosmer club pepperanticoat for you.
Yeah.
Jim was telling about how in 1960 and 90, he had club pepper on it on his own.
One of his interviews during the late news.
And it was just about the time of the moonwalk.
And he during one of the breaks, he motioned over the quad and said,
what do you think of the moonwalk here?
And Clyde said something like, well, there's just a lot of sand and rocks on the moon.
And no, we got plenty of that here down on Miami Beach anyway.
Yeah.
So there you go.
It's a fastball.
Yeah.
And pretty soon he'll be part of the sand and dust on the beach, too.
What goes around comes around. Listen now and have a great day.
Hey, thanks a lot.
See ya.
Bye-bye.
Boy, for a Monday, this is a mid-age.
It has been shocking, hasn't it?
I wasn't ready for this.
It was something about quarter that I was just going to tell you only moments ago.
And it just slipped my mind.
Something really desperately important.
Attendance?
Oh, yeah.
They did yesterday.
On a Sunday, they had 9896, 10,000 people.
And held a 1,337,000.
Yeah.
We saw better.
We should be better on a Sunday.
See Sunday racing has never been taken off down here.
I don't know.
Well, I do know why.
It's because everybody hears over the age of 100.
Oh.
Oh, not on a Sunday.
We have to go play into my drunk tournament on Sunday.
And they're having a little thing in the clubhouse tonight.
Oh, boy.
When is this ever going to change?
It isn't, isn't it?
No.
No.
Mm-hmm.
Pray tonight.
I don't think so.
Yeah.
I don't know.
He's a good kid on the block.
And he wakes up right in the morning.
And he knows he's a little nutty.
And he knows he's a little squirly.
Where are we?
He thinks that you and the whole inner record just to say hello.
Hi.
I could see what you all are doing out there.
And the morning on his eight of four is the new.
Roger's show.
Come on in here.
Yeah.
And the same to you.
Isn't that cute?
That's Heather.
Yeah.
Really?
Bring it back.
More memories.
Wait.
Two bellies.
I don't have all our old jingles from Zeta.
Maybe they'll send them over now that they're going to become pirate radio.
And they're going to have the big change over.
Maybe out of the kind of, and especially if Rose is going to get canned, the least he can do is get us.
Maybe that's why they brought me those CDs yesterday.
You think?
Jingles?
Those jingles.
Hi, son Skip.
I just skipped.
I, at so happens, I'm not here.
Well, they elect me to the hall of fame.
I want you to do it.
I have a real gracious kind of way, but just turn it down because if I can't be here and spell the roses, what the hell good does it do me to be in the hall of fame?
And Harry, if we come here and don't play at least some commercials, what the hell good does it do?
Our producer, a beleaguered man, Bruce Cornblatt, who's sitting here in Zappoplactic.
Oh my god.
He became apple plucking.
I heard it.
I couldn't believe it.
Well, that's a constant man.
He's a real original guy.
Boy, I tell you one of the kind.
Everybody listens to Neoraj.
You can say it again.
Hey, I saw this other show, Jockey.
I don't know if you've ever seen that.
No.
It was on Channel 33 last night.
Boy, those guys really put their lives on the line.
Oh, that's a dangerous sport.
Oh, my god.
In fact, I don't know if you've ever seen any accidents or anything.
Oh, yeah.
Even on film, you know.
They showed them it was horrendous.
Oh, it is.
Turn, you know, because these guys fall and one horse goes and they stop on the other one.
And horrendous stuff goes on.
Unbelievable.
Well, I'd like to say Walter Berman is a big douchebag.
Okay, thanks for the costus report.
That was Got Me Apple Plucked.
Okay, Neil.
See you later.
Bye.
Oh, back there.
Where's Gaspett?
It's not.
There's a long ride.
It's the other side.
Why the infinity?
It is.
Half over.
It's like it's from the new studio.
The other room.
I like it.
Yeah.
Do you like the level on that?
It's not muffled enough for me, but other than that.
Boy, well, it isn't a really great recording, but I think that that cart machine number one again.
I think they're taking turns dying again.
No, seriously, because I put that same cart machine number three last time and it said.
I'm dying over here.
They're taking turns.
22 past noon at WIOD.
We have an open line in Boka 278.
Not forever.
This is shocking.
Okay.
This is a real record.
No milk today.
My life has gone away.
The bump is not for no.
A symbol of the door.
Is shocking the guy?
When we want his life.
Is...
Yeah.
WIOD presents Neo Rogers.
To get a touch and talk, call 751 WIOD and date.
524 WIOD and Broward.
Or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach.
Other areas make all collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those who are not in the same place.
Now, here's Neo Rogers.
On Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD.
It's the Royal Tituel.
Whoop of the day.
I think I'll end on a Ross Pathum.
Now, land on your potato salad.
106.
All right, that's enough.
106 at WIOD.
One thing that's a ton of cards, man.
They're all predictable, aren't they?
They're all direct from plant city in their radio.
Oh, okay.
Go to shop and share all sorts of things in red.
Oh, here's a good uplifting song by Herman Sermitz.
Is this a little ripoff from Ricky's favorite?
From Skeeter Davis?
Skeeter.
Skeeter.
I'm going to have to wear a brand new cap.
I don't even want to think about it.
Yeah.
107 at WIOD.
It's the big one to two hour.
We got pirate radio coming to town.
We got the sandy paint and show it.
What else could anybody want?
And Ricky Dickie.
And Ricky Dickie too.
Margued.
Hello.
Hi.
I just wanted to tell you that we went to the melting pot
and crawls brings and we said that you sent us in the food.
What's being a task?
Yeah.
Did Troy wait on you?
I don't know.
This guy have blonde hair.
Oh, no.
That's not Troy.
Unless he's a blow-drying and dying his hair.
Did you ever go to cast the relas and cook in a creek parkway?
Yes, or relas.
I don't think so.
You've got to go there.
They're great.
They're telling food that is world-based.
Okay.
And they sent us a thank you letter.
We wrote a check for Pete's one night.
And they sent us a thank you letter for our business.
Great.
So I'm going to try it sometime.
Okay.
I'm glad you enjoyed the pot.
It was great.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
All right.
One-o-waited W.I.
Yeah.
Here's that horse quick burn that the guy talked about.
Went off four to five.
He opened.
He said a one to nine.
Somebody put a thousand bucks on him on the first flash.
He went off one to nine.
And early and then four to five we closed at.
And he finished in eight horse fields sixth.
I love that.
Well, I love to see that choco down the drain.
And a horse that won a race with a lester paid 5280.
What was that?
What was his name?
A bellquist beauty.
Bellquist beauty.
Or a blowquist beauty.
It's got an apostrophe.
Is that a bloomquist beauty?
Tough.
Something like that with Bobby Lester.
Hmm.
A lot of chock though yesterday.
I see here's a little bit of everything.
There were three chocks in a row.
Here's a 25 to one.
Here's a six to one.
With Rodriguez.
Here's one centron.
Oh, boy.
Steve Gaffley on one two races yesterday.
It would have been a rough day for me.
Mike Gonzalez had a winner.
Sonny Northern dancer.
One going away.
Five forty.
Not too much there.
The last race.
Julio Pizua for 2150.
I don't understand what Pizua was still doing here.
He had a horse on Saturday that I bet a real long shot.
And he was right there at the top of the stretch.
And then he puked.
Could he give it a hell of a shot?
He always gives you a real good shot, even if he doesn't have the horse.
And he won this one.
Look at this.
Nine and a half to one.
He was ahead all the way.
Wired a wire.
It was ahead by four lengths at the top of the stretch of one by three and a half
for 21 dollars.
I'll take that any day of the week.
I don't know why Julio is here.
Nine minutes after one at WIOD.
Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
Hi.
Talking about animals, I've got a choice tidbit for you.
That great, physical, Mickey Dane.
Oh, yeah.
Did he hear about it?
No.
He was arrested on Saturday for a word beginning with a B battery on a tenant in her duplex.
Oh, boy.
With a TV.
Wow.
Her son put up the hand to block the TV cameras.
That is shocking.
So, right?
Well, shouldn't she...
I was a least...
Let me ask you a question.
Let me ask you a question.
Where?
Shouldn't she have known they were coming?
Yes, she sure should have.
Yeah.
Which is a great visit.
You would think so.
Uh-huh.
Well, that's shocking news, I'll tell you.
At least it'll keep her off the radio for a while.
Uh-huh.
Wait, I got something else.
Yes.
And yesterday's Harold.
Section E.
There's page 4E, which connects across to the right continuation of 17E.
At the top of the page, the one says Sunday June 4th, 1989.
And next to it says Sunday, May 21st, 1989.
Yeah, that's the Harold for him.
Right?
Uh-huh.
Oh, that's the only paper you got.
They can put any date they want.
Can a sane person exist in this town?
No.
That's why we're here.
Have a great day.
Okay.
See ya.
Bye.
You think it's anything to do with that appearance on the Greg Read Elf show?
Yeah, that's right.
I'll tell you one thing.
People that appear on it, if you delshore, have often been on it.
Do a rational thing.
Shortly after.
Telling me that you're a good fan.
Telling me that you're a good fan.
So the music really sounds good, huh?
That's amazing.
And if I'm telling my loved you, I'm bad.
When is that grassroots CD coming out, by the way?
The one that's got the grassroots.
And who is the other group that was going to be on it?
Oh, Gary Lewis and the Playboy.
Huh.
Which I did here.
I do want to give credit where credit is due.
I heard on magic.
She's just my style by Gary Lewis and the Playboy's the other night.
I couldn't believe it.
I cranked it up.
I had my speakers vibrating.
It was.
I said this has to be a mistake.
I must be in Orlando.
I must be listening to cool radio.
But it was magic.
Hmm.
With a J.
For less of this.
I'm going to do it.
Is that all right?
And his father's a douchebag.
But that's what it goes.
Gary Lewis and the Playboys on all-head radio on pirate radio.
I'm 61.
We pirate radio.
Yeah.
Why don't we do it first?
Okay.
That was big.
We can use her liner.
The original pirate radio.
I'm 61.
I'm going to do it.
Yeah.
We'll scoop them.
Why don't we all come in with patches over our eyes tomorrow like a sailor's cat?
We'll do our own pirate radio.
We'll scoop them again.
We can do their liners before they do them.
We can do the liners.
You know, let's have Mitch record a whole bunch of pirate radio stuff.
Why not?
Why not?
Miami.
Hello?
Dale.
Yeah.
I just wanted to tell you that if you ever need lunch brought to you,
I'm more than happy to cook you some food and bring it over.
Yeah, good luck to you, pal.
yeah we really we really taste test food that's brought in by listeners
it on the side we have management try that food out first before we bring it
back here and we wait forty five minutes for a lot of the hello
for a bill is the fillback man how are you a gale film
first of all about the pirate radio thing i know the folks achieve must be upset
that they didn't get it because i think they wanted to do that too did they
really yeah well i won't make any difference that can have all be careful
about using it on the air because it's copyrighted and they have been going
after people who use it seriously
well we were just joking around i know i mean i want to make a difference to me
but this out you sound so shat well shannon has kind of a reputation of being
a little bit uh... well screw him okay
second time these douchebag make like how it's done we played some of his
stuff over on zeta and right away they're gonna sue the company and
any broadcasting's on the phone and i'll screw all these people with all their
crap okay they got bad attitude exactly little gary luis the playboy's
trivia you may not know uh... back when they were getting ready to put this time
and ring together uh... the producers of the record were so convinced that
yeah they were so good at the thing that uh... he only sings back up on this
record he doesn't sing
fill i'm sorry
doesn't seem to be a moment of long road
oh it doesn't let me try let me let me try it again see we expected a lot from
you want another shot at it
he had
different work
thank like it all li SMB
ett
uh... that
the rickeyeki
item
holding that on they didn't make a video fault it although the lock ideation care
He doesn't care about it. He's had his lunch. She don't give it next time called before lunch. He's leaner and hungry
Before the cookies backed up little leave on the local motion, but they she was not a member of the group
However, Earl Jean King who was the late singer of the cookies told Carol King to hire little leave as her maid
Billy Jean King as her maid see she was a leave as me. Yeah, Carol King's maid. Carol King was little leave as made
Not yet. I thought I thought babysitter stuck in my hand. It was made
Both. Yeah, maybe another another interesting thing was that this Earl Jean lady was the first person to record the song
I'm into something good that Herman Turmitz covered as their first hit. Well, I'll tell you you are so cool about
Amazing, man. It's a porza warning that Chuck Barry you played about a half hour ago was bogus. That's not the real version
Does that surprise you now you ought to get the great 28. That's a good CD. Okay, whatever you say Phil and tell me the audio chain is set up
There for voice not for music. It could use a little more bass and maybe a little more high treble some compression
Yeah, that's too. It needs compression this station. Okay, I'm up and it's talking exactly
We already got part of that
Have a great day Phil. You too. See you
Little way to put yeah, we already got half of that
We got an open line in a brow or there it goes boy. This one to our it's like legendary. Okay, incredible
It's Steve's in here early opening up his mail
Getting ready for his two a priest. Oh, where the hell is that record? I got to get that I got to stand by now. Oh, jeez
You know what ever happened to that rack we were gonna have on the wall for the CDs
I got like four different cases here full of CDs
Whatever happened to that or is that getting am I getting carried away now again? You think that's unrealistic? I guess
Wouldn't be right there on the wall wouldn't bother anybody just a nice thing
No, I wanted to give everybody a preview of what's gonna be on Steve's show today's got these
Yes, we're coming in
You know this with the D this is to mm-hmm from spike
Oh my god, that spike gave us wow
So anyway the two priests were sitting in his bar and the blurs head was spinning around
Nice letters
Hi, Slutter from one of our good friends. Oh, by the way, I want you. I need to see you okay and
In about two minutes. I need to see I got something to show you that you're just gonna pass out on the floor
I'm talking a 21 after the hour at WIO
Right 124 WID with a fax machine is just loaded with stuff. Yes, he knows he knows just the please not for on the year
It says you oh here's one of those spy reports that are generally
Pretty much on target. Mm-hmm. It says you may recall that the pirate radio story
Was broken by us in a previous community case so good luck to the BLD
Who what's that from?
It's from the Zeta phantom reporter don't you recognize the I don't remember them breaking
We are compelled however to point out that the story may no longer be operative
Yes, it appears as though they may stay the course after all they've swallowed a bitter pill and turned the corner
This is shocking to say the least but we will keep you apprised to further developments by the way pirate radio is not as Glenn described it
We don't want to pick on him since he's somewhat sensitive but the format is actually a combination of metal AOR and
high-energy dance music
very teen intensive if you want a sample call
It's got a number. Oh who's on a bat line?
It's always busy whenever we make he's son. No, we're not talking to Mickey's son
I'm not going out of your mind. I'm not putting him on here. It has the bat line. Yeah, he's calling on the bat
Like I'm not interested in any Mickey Dane stories. Okay. I don't want nothing to do with Mickey Dane or her son or anybody else
Good luck to her. I wish you're nothing but the best
Okay, let's punch this up
Can you believe that we get that call like 10 minutes ago and right away her son is on the line
I don't hear it. Mm-hmm. It's that ring
No, it's playing but it's not is like the pot way down or something Nick
Is the pot way down? I can just barely hear this call. It's on a bat line. It's
This
This is a sample great
What does that mean?
Did they say it's not the way I described it as I what they said it says it's a combination of metal a.o. R
And high-energy dance music. Okay. Well, that's just like a more discreet
Well, that's what's like why said either he said they would play like deaf leopard and then they might play Madonna right after
Yeah, yeah, everybody sounds pretty delicious to me. I'll tell you that
Really strange, okay, but you know the question is how many formats are left?
Right good question. That's the question and this is a new format 126 at W.I.O.D
Well, we just got so much stuff going on here. It is frightening. Let's take a call from Pompano. Hello
Pompano
Okay, nice chatting with you. Femwork Pines. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah
Took me about a week to get my courage up the call again after I chased the bird out of the room last week
Talking about the Cubs. I'd like to start off today with
Some news and you might not be aware of but
Evon don't call me Ivan Lendle went down in five sets to Michael Chang
Well, I'm real happy for him. Okay, maybe he can get some new teeth. Well, that was supposed to be something for the bird
I know I don't really care about the Ivan or Ivan Lindler
I don't need right. I just want to make the bird happy but getting back to baseball
Don't you think it's ironic that Shao Wang, Dunston and Riny, San Bernard, each had two two run homers on the same day?
Yeah, pretty good stuff there now it's gonna be
Where's the three game series to see who four four four game series? Yeah, four were the Metz four more were the Cardinals
Gonna be a why can't we play the Philly? That's what I like to know
I wish you could play about ten with the Philly's how about them Orioles? Yeah, how about those pirates?
They really suck too, don't they?
Everybody all the Metz fans are gonna say oh we're really coming back. We want to four in a row
Yeah, three against the pirates the pirates couldn't beat the Vassar
Alright Neil, I just want to say hello to Scotch book
I want to know when Alice's restaurant's opening up again and say hello to good friend of mine Johnny
Start us to have to be out in Las Vegas, okay?
Well, we can't give personal messages on the air but have a nice day 28 past one at W. I. D
We have an open line in Broward and one in Boka and we've got a couple of things here a couple of somethings in the mail
There's one package
I don't like these packages, you know because they're sealed like I
Gonna have to put the mic down
one moment please it's alright
Someone faxed me something here about Morton down a junior syndicated show
I don't know what this is out of the New York Times maybe
Morton down a junior
Gasping for air it says MCA television with syndicates the Morton down a junior show to about 70 stations across the country
It's having trouble persuading those stations to renew the show for this fall
now this is from
MCA and
Quantum Media Inc. They produced the show and it says some stations while not can't cancelling the show
Have moved it to less desirable times and this includes of course New York's channel nine which is owned by MCA
And that's where they taped the show in Cacacast, New Jersey
On June 12 Mr. Downey will switch times with our cineole halls
Increasingly popular talk show which someone called about earlier why that show is so popular
It's from rich pactor all of this wow, okay and
What
Frank oh look at this
Look at this now you talk about Confusion the name of this artist is Frank spelled pH R ANC
The name of the album is I enjoy being a girl and look at the picture wow what is it?
Neil thought you would yeah wow what is it?
Ladies and gentlemen Frank the audience gapes what the hell is it?
That's what it says here. It says what the hell is it isn't that what I just said the name is spelled with a pH in a hard C
I'm Frank the kids howl and this tiny daughter of
Bolitis what's Bolitis is that it like an illness of the coloners
Proceeds to demolish them. She simply reaches out grabs the crowd and sticks it in the pocket of her Levi's
Frank
Now you can and the intro on this album of the liner is by Orson Bean
Wow, you can actually play I enjoyed being a girl. Oh, we can there you go
Boy, that's the picture the seat is strangest looking do all look we have pictures of Frank
H. R. A. N. C. Wow now there he is drinking glass of milk. Oh, she is
One of the songs is Martina
He aged with a heart
Oh
Another chronic here on a bat hello
Hello, oh, we got Norm Kent on this and he's listening to the radio. Can you believe this?
Hello, yeah, how you doing get with it Norm? How you doing great?
My name's not Norman
Hello, yes
Yeah, this is not Norman. Everyone's calling me Norman. My name is not Norman
Well, why does it say norm Kent on this thing here is
What is your name my name's Ken. How you doing? Okay, Norm
Listen, I asked a question. Yeah, are you gonna watch inside storage tonight? Wow, what's on it?
There's a new new topic new subject something never ever before
Discussed anywhere
Lee Harvey Oswald act alone. Yeah, I've never heard of that subject before that ought to be pretty exciting
Well, I think I might be interested. I heard tomorrow night. They're gonna ask did John Wilkes Booth really do it?
Who's that? Oh, yeah, that's guy Shirley's older brother. Yeah, well Neil
Mike, how you doing Glenn?
Who is this George?
Why is I'm just a dedicated listener with the hotline
He's not on the hotline
Seven I'm sorry. Why is everybody attacking this poor guy? They're a cute
Next you'll accuse him of playing rotisserie baseball
You don't play roach sir. Let me ask you a question. Do you play rotisserie baseball? I don't even know what that is good
Okay, you're okay in my book, but it feels good. I'll try. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. What a poor guy
The poor guy
Is this Frank like I said one of the cuts is called Martina
On his album by Frank
With my hit song swively
I don't get it. I don't I'm still not sure what this is this can't make
Billy Tipton looked like your average run of the mil guy. I don't know if this is Frank with a pH it says
We asked the soul searching question who is Frank and what the hell is it?
She responds with a parody of French movie style Frank Frank is just Frank
She has an image that is that some consider butch others film
Yeah, but Frank is neither butch nor film no roll. She's about as feminine as Charlton
No roles are defined by fair. Yeah, that's for sure with the pee
It said the audience gasped what the hell is it?
And that was exactly my reaction
So I guess I don't feel out of touch with reality that's exactly what I said what the hell is it?
This is that on her peachy sports the latest in combat
Well, she ought to go to work up in Broward County for the BS ocean. She she'd be a big hit up there
Wow, not straight but Frank. Yeah spelled STRAT
Maybe just a little spelling problem could be the the story of everything one thirty four
I need to see your little girl
136 and W.I. You know, I've been I had this in the machine all day
I mean never got around to play it
I'm not going to waste any more time because it's been a long time since this guy got a chance whether we have kids or beds or neither
It's what was that? It's un-cute. It's not cute. It's in the middle. It's Monday
We go through this every Monday. Don't we every Monday?
Seems to me like I haven't played that in ages and it's in the middle. It's un-cute. Yes
Well, I guess I must be an omen for us. Okay
Well, we were a pirate radio for about 10 minutes here until we got that warning
So I guess we'll have to govern ourselves accordingly
For a lottery. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing good? I got a spy report on your buddy Ricky Tiki. Yeah, it's driving down federal
An hour ago and the nice guy pulled right in front of me cut me off
So I figured I'd get him back
Pulled around him and pulled in front of him showed him my bumper sticker
Dropped off like nothing went about 20 miles an hour down federal highway. He wouldn't catch up to me
I don't know. He must be afraid or something. Yeah
Unbelievable. It works every time. It does just like a charm
Unbelievable. Okay. Thanks. Dale. See you. Bye.
137 at W I O D. We'll look at that. We got the globe blue seas life after death medium reveal. She's caught
She contacted dead friends before
Getting ready to come over for supper. Okay, but you're in keep it warm for me
You're sure keeping clawed warm. I'll tell you that that boon faces fraud charges
No, check this out. Another acne statin
I think is it? Check this out. I'll be with you in a second. We got to investigate this wouldn't you think pat boon will be the perfect guy to be doing spots for pimple cream?
I never had a zit in his life Miami. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yeah, I kind of overwording around
Sure, no problem. Uh, let's see. You still there. Yes, sir. Okay. What is this you got back on?
Wait a minute. How about this one? Hello, Neil your back
We'll look what happened. I had to go down to Fortin County State even pick up some tickets for the brave game for it gets sold out
Oh, yeah, you probably had some long tickets. Okay, hold on. Okay. We got three on the hold already. All right. We're on hold for the lighten round, man
God you gotta do it man. Can I ask you a question? I got these on hold
I get I don't understand it. It wasn't on
It was it like and he was in limbo. Wasn't that great? We should I should have let it go. Shouldn't I?
That would have been a lot of fun kind of like a warrior at the bottom of the sea. Huh?
Miami. Hello Neil. How are you doing great? Why are you doing? Okay, sir?
Did you see Gabby Gabby's match yesterday? How are you doing?
I'm not. He won't answer my question. I watched your Saturday morning. I was pacing and he's gonna have a lot of sleepless nights now. I didn't see her yesterday
She's she's looking but you're in butcher every now those female tennis players boy. Look out boys and girls. Yeah. Yeah, this kid Jim
Whatever his name is the young coach of beat Aguicy
I didn't see it. Well, he's having a tough time. He's in the fifth set right now and it's four to four. All right
Balance here a little balance here. I like this. Yeah, just to make you happy. Okay. Um Neil
Neil
Great
You asked how you doing one more time
I'm gonna take the phone and just put into your ear and twist and turn until your brains fall out
Well, just as long as it's my ear
Well, I assume I assume your brains are in your head, but if not what was that sir?
You played rock and roll music earlier. Yeah, that's not the bus. I know somebody already called us at something said
It was a bogus verb, but at least it was Chuck
No, that's not what I'm saying. I'm saying the Beatles version was much better. Oh
man
This is blasphemy isn't it?
For anybody that we talk about tennis
Okay, the Beatles version was better. I'm not gonna argue music today. Okay. I'm not in the mood to argue music
Whatever you say is right. Okay. I went by char-hot on Thursday to get a squeeze of Neil before I knew it was
Like a month later and I want to be on the pay for my bill good
Okay, send it to him in the mail. All right. Can I hold on for while I need one? Sure no problem
140 at W.I.O.D. here's the synopsis of the
Soaps guiding light Chelsea who was checking out Roger's past learned that Roger was alive when they sent a
Domingo police found him out of off the bank of the river after he fell off a bridge during a fight with Ed
Are Ed come back they can always come back
For a lot of deal. Hello
Haven't seen him so tired. Yeah, he must be up at mom with her somewhere. He's not here
Well, what the heck am I got no he went off after some real money somewhere. I guess so. Yeah, I got a problem with hemorrhoids. Go ahead. What do you take for yours?
What is this cut?
Yes
It's about what
This Sharon boy she's something controversial talk goes to us
It's about to us. That's what the guy was just asking about hemorrhoids
Albany a mid-charges of anti-Semitism leveled against its controversial talk show host a local radio station is fired Jim
Blightcamp
Despite his vigorous assertions that he was the victim of a scandalous slur the radio host reportedly had vilified Jewish
Collars and repeatedly voiced anti-Israel convictions during this evening program
Including an accusation that Israeli soldiers are committing genocide against Arabs
Very famous talk host Jim Blightcamp and Albany never never heard of him
From WGY well first of all WGY is not in Albany WGY's in connected
Which is close but not a match a big station. It's 50,000 watts
But there you go. I could have been 100
Okay 148 and WYD here's the part of the show that folks from coast to coast tune into here true
How much even Mike lions might be listening right now?
Conealy
credible shocking. Yeah, and Phil Beckman
And Don Cox and Jeff concert and Pete Boulder
And Dave Capri the maybe even the Colonel and what's his name Brad the April
You could have fired a cannon I didn't want to say you could have fired boom boom cannon through that hole
That'll be a nice guy today. Okay. Here's date County. Hello
I sure wish they would cloud. Let's go to that Georgia call. This ought to be really great
Hello, Nia. You know what Henry Barrow and
And June house in Avon, Camadonia
See he didn't get it out fast enough and it was all away from Georgia held on all that time and called back and everything
And he just he choked he choked in a clutch. He just that that that and that was it
Broward hello
Two for that one. Thank you
Broward County hello, how did I feel when Michael Keaton was off the roll of Batman? I a cry for Batman
Oh, which reminds me I mean he reminded me of the Mike Schmidt tape. I hadn't seen that you know when he announced his retirement last week
If you see that on the news where he just goes to pieces
Who and what I was a kid might with two battle like
I would be amazing
Oh, man, it is so pathetic. It is just so pathetic. Here's this macho Mike Schmidt Mr
Super macho big league douchebag and he's like babbling like a baby, you know, I mean, you know enough is enough isn't it
18 years. He had a great career. He's made millions and millions and millions of dollars time to say goodbye gracefully not
Oh god talk about choking up. It's 10 till two at WIOD dayd County. Hello
How is Mike? Wasn't it like Schmidt Jr. Bokeh hello
Angela photo get a life
Palm Beach Wayne Beach is dead over here
Tell us something we don't know pal. Dave County. Hello
Eve came stock
Dave County. Hello, I need the dark lady
I think Dr. Jr.'s gonna have a lot of time to call in now
You know the original dying over here. He's gonna be calling a lot of the old yeah, even a bat lines going together
Okay, that was from inside the building from Disney's office
Broward hello
Dave County hello
I understand these today. They all sound like one or another very close. He clouds body has been everywhere
And it's rubbing off on the public all the way to the
No, maybe not maybe not Bokeh hello
Good was that Donald Trump was from Palm Beach County. That's right. It had been the bat line
Always that sorry. I have no clue. I'm no idea King to be any Broward hello. I'm going to kick me out of Toyota
Oh
Your friend. Oh, right. Mr. S already freaking out. Yeah, all right. We got a special van
You know how they van horses when they break down one of those and they'll need every horse power to
Dave County. Hello, dining's out. You're a big green
Broward hello, you're a door
So cute sounding. Yeah, Dave County. Hello. Well, you see I lost my crayons and I'd like to appeal
Ha ha
Broward hello
75 degrees in a magic city
Good one Steve Stansell Jr
Senior Broward hello. Hey, this is Gary Shanley
Again, sir, you'll never get their name on the air again pal. No chance. This is not the donut shop
Yeah, but it's a close second. Yeah, that's not the donut shop
It's a restaurant that didn't show up the other day that
Evidently somebody is trying to get their name on the air over and over again
Not going to do a bit of good never will get the air again trust me good
Dave County hello. I know you are, but what I'm a high
Broward hello. This is Donald Trump Steve Cain's blood stinks
Now if this bad line is the same guy I'm not gonna answer the bad line again. Hello
Related to this
Palm Beach he's painting the love with him bishop
Dave County hello
Car's getting pissed you know what he has had he's had enough already right and he's burned up with an awful ready
Broward hello, how long does male men of pause last
Just wait and you'll find out pal. Dave hello. I'm no pepper. You're no pepper. Wouldn't you like to die?
Palm Beach hello don't blame the dog it's the Larry King show
That was sensational okay
Oh
Vokey hello
Don't kill life will you computer the bat line
Dave County hello
Broward hello
Broward hello
Outcugs here come to Matt
Oh, you know who that was
Palm Beach
Palm Beach what's wrong with wrote this really great
There you go. Calm down. He'll tell you Dave County hello. I just want to be
Sadama if that's no bad
Broward hello
Cloud pepper is still dead
Well we're beginning to worry Dave County hello
Palm Beach
Boka yeah come any's coming back as Elvis
Broward hello
Dave County
Boka
We're a teacher role I know always he had Boka like hitting a brick wall
Oh Palm Beach
With two bad legs
Broward hello. Yes, he can't do fuck
Dave County hello
Wow the bat line
Dave County hello twice the cover we done twat thing
Boka
Was that Mike
Let's play the jingle and see if it was him
Dave County hello
Deal the next suck
Dave County hello
Dissing your citizens get a discount
Palm Beach
Boka
That sounded like boom boom junior didn't it boy he's I think that guy's got a career
Broward hello
Not ball bearings Neil they're absolutely like babies
Dave County hello
Doctor I felt I can't get it up
Dave County hello
Third your dweep
Wouldn't be something if we got the dork lady and the dweep lady back to back
Broward hello
Hello yes
Can I get in the riding round
Palm Beach that's my favorite
Neil this is Elpaducto I'm dying to share my speed
Boka next breath makes me cute
That's his buddy and Boka
Dave County hello
Miami's my opportunity
Yeah, brown County hello
Bayon conscious clear
Boka hello
Hello
Boka or they were as sharp as a tack of their
Sharp as a months of ball in heat Palm Beach
Nobody ever accused me being the flaming hit
Dave County hello
Okay
Dave County hello
Move 70 please bury me it's been six days
Broward hello
Boka
Hey I'd like to hold it for the lightning round
Broward
Hey Kevin you're a ponder with this bag
Dave County hello
Clawed farting
Boka hello
Yeah, can I hear that frame cut again
Yeah
Oh yeah
Yeah, some day somewhere but not here
Dave County hello
Ooh
Ooh
That was boom boom shop
Broward hello
Hello
You're struggling
You're struggling
Where is she by the way we haven't heard from the Strait of Lady and Ages
What a shame
Dave County hello
Hey bro I want to jump in bones
Boka
What are you in Kevin Kitchen 7 common
Dave County hello
At that end over here
Broward
Right around
Yeah
Dave County hello
Hey mama
Wow
Right to the point
Dave County hello
President Bush just left for Asia Pacific tour
Boka hello
Yeah Rob Baskag
Good one
Dave hello
Wouldn't you like to be a pepper too
Dave County hello
First way to present the Clawed fat brother royal tour 89
Broward hello
And nobody there
This is Clawed Barry me please
Boka
all the cost of most and last but of course not least we did book about
date county hello the board long and montier trainers you would have
each of them there
well it's been a pretty uh... enlightening monday i'll tell you that i learned
something did you know
never again i was pretty good i must confess we're in high marks for a
monday something shocking must happen over the weekend
anyway we got her a canes baseball after sports talk at eight ten to
kaines in texas big big game alix for nandis going to pitch for my
immediate college world series from all of
with sonny and joe and she
