Neil Rogers to get in touch and talk call 751 W I O D in day five two four W I O D
and broder or six five five and two seven eight W I O D in the fall beaches
other areas may call collect the opinions expressed by the host guests or
collars are not necessarily those of the station now here's Neil Rogers on
Newstalk Radio 610 W I O D where is Williams Island you know Williams Island Tampa
on Tampa's new shop because wore down he just bought a two-bedroom condo there for 300 and a
quarter very nice yeah I kind of thought it would be around here north by me beach according to
Roger you say off Tampa off Tampa this game both are this game well there's the way in
Island and Tampa yeah that's what it says here so feel a rent ready valley with a
Houston Billy Cunningham and now work down a junior I was hoping Tampa well you're wrong
work is gonna be living in town his I hate to say this because you know the guys made millions
and millions of dollars and I begrudge you absolutely nothing but it's wearing pretty thin now
it's getting pretty ponderous yeah now of course he's run out of people that are willing to
beat each other up and the guests are really terminal last night I turned on for a couple of minutes
and he had some weird political guy with freaky hair you know looked like one of those 60s rejects
with a long hair and aging it was pretty ponderous correct and the audience was going
you know like that and they hadn't even said hello yet they were doing that so it's getting a little
desperate anyway it's 1006 and WIOD yes we do have Virginia all the ratings but we have several
things I mean just several little things that I got to do here first of all I have to correct
my mistake first one I've made since I came in yesterday morning about the Armadillo Cafe
because I went by there yesterday in a way home from my mother's house yeah and it's on
Davy Road extension and it's in a little it looks like kind of a little country in western
shopping center see the shops of Davy is what threw me because I've always thought that shops of
Davy was on university at Griffin Road and that's why kept saying the little public shopping center
that's where that barber is remember the barber our friend who used to come in a company JT
he's in there oh I think what a shopping center and I thought that said the shops of Davy
there now somebody will call in and tell us what the name of that shopping center is that is not
even close to where the Armadillo Cafe is the Armadillo Cafe is on the southeast corner
of the intersection of Davy Road and Griffin which is just what it says in my copy and of course
luckily I haven't had to go over there because they brought the food here yeah when you're on the
diet you don't go over there and have a sit down me because having a sit down meals what the
real killer is oh so I just wanted to correct that and point out where it is because I've got a lot
of people confused somebody will let us know trust me I forgot my little sandwich today speaking
of food can we beg for something salad or something easy and simple and I don't know my right
it on Monday in the response was absolutely zippo and like I said I think we've lost the magic
touch I don't think they care no they don't they don't care about us anymore and I know I said we
didn't want a lot of food in here but the salad you know anytime the salad's coming there's no
problem for me and a little sandwich for you something you know weighing less than seven pounds
salad you know secondly Mike Spindell called me at home yesterday and Mike of course overly sensitive
because he used to be in his business or close to it and he went through a thing about people
told him I ripped him yesterday I didn't rip him at all he's a great guy we all love Mike it's
just that the tape showed up late and he gave me the story about how he didn't put enough
postage on it rang a bell because remember that fat rich told us he sent us a tape with not
enough postage and it was embarrassing and it went to the dead letter file and finally we had
big song of dance and we finally got it and I said to him don't worry about it because we got a
whole box full of quality tapes now including some more that came in today some real good guys too
I'm excited about that the rest of your stuff is in a waistband and now if it was one that you got
that you're reset that was blank that you got back blank a few of those happened don't panic we're
not throwing those out we'll redo them but if it was just like the one guy sends me a check for
the most out which is great and he says I heard you say that it was too late and he sends a tape
anyway my favorite which is nice I appreciate it very much believe me I'm going to have a collection
at home and it's going to be fantastic I can record my own best in Neil or something because I
got enough cassettes to choke a horse so don't worry Michael get it straightened out I'm sure
rich has got your address or if not you know we'll do something we'll have him deliver it personally
that was number two number three I didn't see the story because we just were busy doing some things
about the uniforms that they want kids to wear any elementary schools in date county I heard
the story this morning on our news and I got to tell you that to me is one of the most grotesque one
of the most frightening things I've ever heard in my life it reminds me of the Hitler youth all over again
they do it in private school that's bad enough but I guess we can't control what they do in private
schools but the idea that we're going to have all these little kids dressed up in these little
uniforms almost said brown uniforms I'm not sure I know what color they're going to be but it
doesn't make any difference but I can just envision them go stepping you know while
El Presidente is leading them in the pledge of allegiance uh boy that conjures up some really sick
images in my mind and speaking of sick Oprah yesterday hit rock bottom sick rock bottom
she had a show about autistic savants
because of the movie Rain Man is created so much interest and they sure a fairly lengthy clip from
Rain Man at the beginning and they had on two and I was at my mother's having lunch and of course
lunch was starting to come back up again it's one thing to look at it in a movie and to
understand it appreciated but know that in the movie it's only acting it's only makefully
it's another thing for people and she made a comment about a third of the way into the show which
was the tip off she said oh we're not exploiting Robert or whatever his name was uh we want you
to understand that we're not exploiting him we just want people to understand this and uh and
what a crocka crap that was all they were doing was exploiting these two poor guys who both were
autistic savants the second one who played the piano and who allegedly could listen to any
piece of music played and then repeat it on the piano and they played some show pen thing and
look at that the phone works now Mitch is a magician there's no question about if that that's
where we went wrong we should have got Mitch in here right off the bat in a in a flute swell as we
were known to say he just got that thing they're all flashing at the same time anyway she brought and
and he listened to the thing and then he started bumbling on the piano and you know it was it was
tragic it's sad it was sad and the thing that bothered me the most is that here is this miserable
bitch exploiting and yet i shouldn't put her alone because all these talk shows now it's nothing but
exploitation exploiting these two poor guys and putting them on display do you remember how in the
carnival there used to be side shows free shows and there was the fat lady and there were the midget
and there were the i'm sure autistic people or whatever people who were bizarre were put on display
and people used to pay to look at him and laugh and gawk and that's like what it was i don't give
a damn how many disclaimers she did that was what it was and it made me sick it was nauseating
Oprah you are a slime ball okay honey a true slime ball and all of those tv talk shows man that's
that's what it's gotten to that's it just gets worse and worse your horse won yesterday my horse
came in stolen rolls stolen rolls with micens dollars absolutely one what did pay six thirty no
not let me see that six thirty where do you get it six thirty is a time it's not a price
that's when it came in yeah that's probably the time it came in no say oh my god
six and a half to one a horse paid fourteen sixty one by a length with micens dollars i gave
you this horse ladies and gentlemen what was the one you gave out well turn the channel did not
come in what race was that intent in the tenth grade a desperate turn the channel was a desperate
six went off at four and a half to one what is that so you're still cold but i'm right on top of
it man and look at that the trifecta in at race paid three hundred forty four forty and the
bet three that was the third leg of the bet three all look at that but you couldn't have had the
the middle one the horse in the middle was ninety nine to one paid two hundred and one sixty
and the bet three paid four thousand four eighty seven twenty correct the Gulf Stream so my first
picket Gulf Stream ladies and gentlemen is a winner man i'm a stounder or fourteen sixty with
micens dollars and the chalk ran second so that was an easy perfect for forty eight eighty but that's
the way it goes so anyway we did all pro we did the armadillo cafe did Mike spindell and i
mentioned the thing about the uniforms which i just can't you can't find a story i can't find
local i can't find uh while i was kind of hectic this morning sunny did a tremendous job under
very difficult under derest five twenty this morning i understand Roger had a call from Bob
soper that he was under the weather if you part of that expression would you say that about
also where were we hearing yesterday did was it well we're in here or did somebody tell me
that Dan Rather came in eighth all uh Sanchez was talking about it yeah
the cbs evening news which ordinarily i'm sure is one or two at the worst is number two
talking locally yeah in the market came in eighth the first week on channel six yeah beaten by such
powerhouses as channel thirty three and thirty nine so when i tell you the channel six has got
signal problems and cbs bought themselves some real headaches and of course he brought out a good
point and that is what's going to happen nationally because this is one of the major markets
and that's going to have a little bit of an effect on the national picture because you know those
tense of a point and hundreds of a point and that's right and they're so close the three yeah
uh even news that's correct so good luck to you Dan because you're going to need to talk louder Dan
that's all i can tell you baby because i worked on stations like that where they could barely hear
you and on tv it's the additional problem not only can the audio be all of the audio is fine
it's just a picture that sucks okay all right now we have all of the ratings that anybody in the
world could ever want to see and i'm sure that we have all the people in the business are tuned in
right now because most of them work for a very paranoid management who doesn't want to tell them
too much information in fact sometimes if the book is bad enough they give them no information
they just give them a pink slip about three weeks later so we've got it all here and knock on
woodboy we did miraculously well here for just having many or five weeks i mean astonishingly
well reneary had a giant book and the station overall a four eight twelve plus that's the entire
week that's the second highest number for w i o d in the modern history of the market i say modern
history because back in the old days when they're only wear a handful of stations q a m and f u a
and in this one all of the stations had enormous numbers because there were only a few stations four eight
four eight which is uh the biggest in ten years and in the next one in the winter book in the
next trend we'll go over five mark my words on it depend on it as they say and of course um
our friends over at that other station where we used to work well i got if they're going to be singing
uh they got a couple of little numbers in there in some very narrow demographics i think men 25 to
34 in the afternoon they had a big number and uh one other one but other than that man and especially
in the morning they they took a dive seldom seen in the history so quickly in six weeks i've never
seen seldom seen in the history of this business that's how fast they are diving over at uh
zeta where they allegedly turned the corner it could be a history and you know something it couldn't
happen to more deserving people and i do there are some exceptions like caprito who's sick i wonder
why davis under the weather and um and gonson is a good guy i mean not much of a talent but he's a good guy
not any talent but a good guy they love him and uh john ford's a good guy but again he's not on the air
but uh as far as the rest of them over there and i know i shouldn't say that case he's a good guy
mm-hmm mm-hmm we never got to know uh my mind so we should talk about the well my clients i'm sure is
terrific talent but can't miss a wonderful human being no question about that but she doesn't
to figure in the numbers because she's on overnight there are no numbers so anyway we'll go
i'll try not to do two ponderous okay because i know some of you get real upset
when we get into a long draw you don't understand these and they don't mean anything to you and you
don't care but please understand that there are a lot of people in the business whose livelihoods
depend on this godforsaken business and these numbers and they're they're out they're very nervous
and they want to hear any little uh tidbit of information they can get okay mm-hmm so that's the
name of that tune it's i can't believe the phone man it's just like a real normal phone today
it's shocking shocking ten eighteen at w-i-o-d and i want to tell you about d ten twenty two at w-i-o-d
now just before we get into the range we should take some of these calls because some of these
we don't want these people waiting on here forever do we do we Miami hello hello yes
Neil yep how you doing okay is it Jim hey Jim hey when you're greatest listeners
name Julie Rob Julie yeah so works on the grove yeah and today's a birthday well happy birthday
Julie that's all Neil okay Jim thank you sir bye yeah i see what you're saying you do have to take
some of these calls uh you're right now come on that was good Julie's probably listening right now we
made her a whole day i mean this stuff uh we we got this stack of stuff for as long as this spike
lets us have it and if he wants to take us to take him away uh you know good luck to him we'll
keep his car locked in there all day on the parking lot by the way this morning our park in
savanna georgia i want you to leave real early to come to work i mean you talk about a parking
mess here uh the people over channel seven have uh beefed up their staff if we can say that
yes Spencer said he can't wash your car he it's way too far i snuck in the um
Spencer's already got my ten bucks okay just kidding all right let's take one for
lottery hello hello Neil yes sir listen i'm the guy that sent you the uh freeway and spiket cassette
thank you sir you're great american we will never forget it all right well i wanted to get that back
because on that is the uh the bits from the last time you did all the taping really i got the one
cassette back from uh you know for the new bits when i had to check right i got that to you personally
by the way i did that uh you know yeah well the only thing is uh i've only recorded on one channel
because i've got i've got the your program on one speaker and the bits coming out of the other
but that's that's okay yeah well that saves a lot of time well anyhow well see that's what happens
when you send us cassettes that i got other junk on it um that's no problem that's no idea what kind
of machines rich was using the dub those but that's no problem not you're not going to get out that
he said that did happen memory so yeah but i was wondering if i could get the uh the cassette back
no chance no chance no of course you can get the cassette back of course i just uh it's at the house
somewhere i don't know or somewhere if i left uh my uh name and address with um with you uh
no not with me with raunch or with raunch i can't take your name and address you want to put it on the
year uh that that doesn't matter i'll be with rauncher if you like you want to put me on hold please
it then just send to me i appreciate the tape but i i appreciate it a little bit less now because you
made things so complicated i know well you know i i i if you would have said there send this back to me
i explained that in the note when i don't read i don't have time to read notes you read it on
when you've got a thousand the tapes coming in you don't have time for notes you read it on the air
and you were confused because i i've listed yes you didn't understand it okay if you put me on hold
i give my name and address and if you know where did you buy that you buy it at keymart and
since then at ease that were you bought that tape no i bought it here in florida okay because i want
to make sure if we send you the tape bag it's the right one okay it's on oak street i think
on okay hold on sir that's correct all right all right i have no idea where he has broaders
of broaders on top of that okay it's ten twenty five at wio d see that that and by the way as far
as the tapes are concerned that's it if you got one that was blank if you got one that was had 87
channels good luck to you okay have a wonderful life with it fondle it caress it do whatever you
want with it that's it okay and rich did most of the work but i'm exhausted it was a wonderful thing
it went on for a good long time and we grazed over over thirty seven grand for the chameleus house
marvelous okay we entertain a lot of people with all those bits and all the stuff and great okay
but it's all over trust me when i tell you it's all over and any tape i'm not even going to waste the
time out the only two things that we'll look for is to see if there's a check somewhere in the envelope
for chameleus house which you know we got a couple here today and then throw the blank the tape
whatever it is blank or otherwise in this new box that i've got here soon as i got a new carton
back here look at that good ones in there too by the way some real expensive mac cells and sonies
thank you so much for writing to my collection okay oh you get more there'll be more i'm sure they'll
be trickling in but oh sure but i want to say it is emphatically as i know how this is it okay
no more if your tape had pornographic messages on it no matter what was on there in fact probably
you want to keep that right but i mean whatever it is just you're stuck with it that's it okay
because we've given ample time now right in this include and place including blanks or whatever it is
okay let's go to hollywood hello good morning Neil hi how are you great i haven't had a chance to call
but you mentioned a couple things in the last few days i want to take some time and call you
first of all what you mentioned this morning about the uniforms yeah just for a second take
another look at it because i know my two girls go to private school and i wish that they did put
i have them put uniforms only because i have a six and a half and a seven and a half year old
daughters and you have no idea what we go through in the morning getting dressed for school
without fits and having bows matching and things like that so that the girls can stay in fashion with
everyone else's ball i would like it only because it would make life a little easier i don't think
it would take away their individualism because they both are pretty strong individuals and i think
it would make it a lot it will make it a lot easier even on the family but i know of one
private school in particular what they do is the kids wear uniforms Monday through Thursday
and Friday is a free day you can dress anyway you'd like well let me let me just say it to you
and of course it's a free country or in title to your opinion it it offends me so deeply
and everything that it symbolizes is so disgusting the idea that we're taking kids and putting
them in little uniforms like they all came out of a cookie cutter and they all have to look the
same and go step the same and i'm sorry i can't i don't i don't buy it i don't buy it i think
it's disgusting wait but i think you're talking about the old prokial school uniforms have you
seen some of them lately no i mean some of them are colored little i've had sure i don't i don't
hear what they are i really don't care what they are i don't i don't want the state
yeah or in this case the local school board deciding what kids are going to be wearing
to school i mean having a dress code is one thing and that's fine if it's reasonable you know
if it makes sense but you know what i felt the same way that you did until i had children
and started dressing them for school no i mean really you probably i don't i don't agree
i think you're making much a do about nothing i don't think it have to go through a big song
of dance to dress kids for school however as long as it's within the dress code and they're comfortable
and you're comfortable keeping up with the jones is they're worrying about what everybody else is
looking like i don't think that is significant i think uh you know school is a place for learning
not for a fashion show i realize that but today's generation is a lot different as you go visit
some of the elementary schools you wouldn't believe it you would see what we're talking about anyway
well but like what it's not even that they're keeping up with the jones is just that every little
girl isn't today it's not ever people are into fashion now whether across the lot or it doesn't
cross the lot but yeah but you see if you want to send your kids to school for the purpose of
getting good education they don't have to worry about what anybody else is wearing as long as
they're dressed neatly and within whatever the coat dress code is right but when you were a little
that complicated well but when you were little didn't you want with everybody else no
no not when i went to school everybody dressed basically the same and there wasn't any dress code
nor weren't any uniforms and everybody basically within certain parameters were informal
sports shirts and pants and skirts and blouses and whatever and that was it it was no nobody cared
about when anybody else was wearing in school but but i think the fashion trends then were a lot
simpler than they are now well then then maybe the parents of this country auto would decide that
you know fashion trends are less important than good education okay well no i don't i look i'm
not saying that i'm saying that you know my children are there to learn and to study but i'm just
saying that all the rest is but but i mean as far as the the school board of the state making
uniforms don't you understand how disgusting that is i mean every place that's that that that
happens it represents a certain authoritarian kind of mentality and i just i can't buy into what
it's disgusting okay but what about let's say in some of the public schools where some children
where it's a it's a mixed community where some children are a little bit more fortunate than the
others i think what they're trying to do is make everyone be judged as an individual instead of
the material things that they're wearing well i don't know when i went to school i think there
were more emphasis placed on you know who was getting 90s and who was in the top 10 or 15
students in the in the class as opposed to who was wearing designer jeans you know and if that
and if that's something that the that the peddlers of clothing have have conned the parents into
the nets of parents fall okay not anybody else's okay anyway second thing yeah um doesn't
know that you might pass on to comellia south um you know that i was in a public class week and i
found out that whatever is not sold in public that that day is trashed yeah they're aware of that
they are aware okay all righty then okay okay you have a good day you two five ten thirty one
she's a nice lady and she's entitled to her opinion but i just uh i don't know it's even worth
having a discussion on this show be a good topic for Steve mm-hmm it's a good contrived debate
and it's a real hot topic evidently but i just uh oh god does that rub me the wrong way the idea
in a public school of having the state or the school board decide little uniforms that all the kids
are going to wear mm-hmm have them all look the same pretty soon we'll have them all think the same
and we'll have instead of individual names they'll just be like uh letters you know a bcd or numbers
wouldn't that be good i wonder if george orwell would like this okay we got an open line in brown i
don't know whether to take i don't know whether the screen reader but anna to be honest with you
because i started with all these calls now the phones are filling up and i want to give these numbers
out what should we do got a real crisis right you said it was so much to do and so little time in
which to do you know you said it was vital that we take these calls first well i was a good call
yeah that he was a good call and the birthday call even though you didn't like it that was that was
nice well creative ratings i vote what was that what is he trying to say i don't know
Roger what are you trying to say i would like to do the ratings oh you want to hear about the ratings
sure okay so those of you are on hold i don't want you to get it well let's take one or two
more because we've got a break coming now seriously and then we'll get into the ratings we'll do
it at length candle hello hi Neil how are you Glenn how are you fine good hey uh uh the guy would
take you should have stolen can't be done yeah that's right no i don't want to be redundant on this
but i had the same opinion as you do here come to brown shirts oh yeah until what a discuss
on a way they changed the line i well my daughter 13 years old yeah i said in this church she
listens to the show they won't let her play the i95 uh song in school i don't understand it
anyway she said but it would eliminate a lot of peer pressure uh certain classic kids they
dress better they look down on the kids at home so that's the only comment i don't want to
um yeah but you see i know i know i know it's hard to be an individualist and even in the 60s
everybody claimed to be an individualist but they all looked and smelled like each other you know
they all wound up emulating each other but uh one of the very difficult things they like to be
a real individualist do not give it damn about what other people think that that's such an important
thing to teach kids instead of trying to have them all looking the same and keeping up with everybody
uh it's not important that's those are not the kinds of artificial things don't mean anything they
don't count they rely don't like you said they are there to get an education that's correct
so let's eliminate a little bit of the friction possibly i'm not i'm not addressing them all up
the same well oh jeez i i hate it too but then when my daughter said what she did well your daughter
isn't i'm sure she's a bright young girl or all that or hopefully she is hopefully but she's not
the mature enough to make that kind of a decision that's something you was the parent half to
decide and you understand the implications of it a lot more clearly than she does that's true trust
hope so okay have a good one youtube 1034 at w i o d i want to tell you about siam's dub
we got a lot of food talk on a show here at 1039 21 before 11 at w i o d and now let's see what's
going to have a guest today oh he can't who canceled because of the birth of twins
right com rogers of victory house and on turning gays straight and aids and the clergy
you get the feeling that steve has an obsession with a certain topic on that show
are steve yeah i thought that that was the straight show anyway let's get to these numbers now
because roger's going to be apoplectic we don't get into all these heavy numbers here
12 plus six to midnight number one station in the market of course allo a big drop
to a seven was w il yf huh life plus a seven yeah down from a seven nine incredible
w h q t hot he dyesley's got those crayons working 12 4.9 up from a two nine told you they were two in
the market real well number two three w i o d up from a four to a four eight now say it again it's
the highest number for this station in ten years and uh... the curm was number one we had a
quim of three that means a total number of people listening to the station 398,100 that's a that's
a monstrous quim lot gigantic quim number one a m f m even woofee radio didn't touch
power was forth with a four four way down c m q is spanish joy joy had a big book they went up
to a four they were six e-r with a three nine they were off quite a bit tied for seventh with the
magic magic went down a little bit down to a three nine that's still very good demographics wacky
which is spanish was tied with ninth with qba also no speaking english why 100 dropped from a three
nine out of a three six and it's interesting sunny went up but he's gone so it's another one
of those mess mess with success you're rid of the people are doing well and keep the garbage so
congratulations to our good friends over there a y 100 for dropping from the spring of four three
nine out of a three six and dropping rapidly w snooze big drop oh must be a mistake from a four
eight in the summer book which was a total fluke and uh... to a three six tied for eleventh with
y 100 w snooze big drop big drop big so far kiss went up from a two five to a three five
there um... thirteen followed by gloves ninety four which had a big bounce back up which i know
depresses you they went from a two nine to a three four w i n z from a two eight back up to a three three
kicking ass with fifty thousand watts of power all over south florida from the keys to the palm
beaches even out to the bomb this is w i n z yeah
yeah waxy was about flat with a three one tmi gtr from a four one to a two eight they
really got putrid in one month in the book but i'm not going to make any alibi's for them
w x d j was the big story of this book with some of the most bizarre and hard to believe numbers
in the history of arbitrage they went from a one seven to a two four and twelve plus but when
you hear some of the individual demographics you'll begin to wonder just exactly what they're
smoking in beltsville merlin okay i mean some really weird numbers for what do they call it the
the whisper the way the the whisper the way i call it the whisper okay twenty five to fifty four
now wait a minute oh i'm sorry we ought to go oh they only got down the tenors yeah but there's
one i want to hear oh you want to hear zeta yeah you only got down to two four if we go through
all of this will never take anymore to go through all of it but let's say they went down from a
two four to a one eight there they're they're back under a two for the first time since we went
over there i want to hear who they're around but well they tied w a t f m which is in west pumbia
and they just edged out wft all the way to one seven and of course you can only hear ft all
right under their tower they did beat radio swave who had a one two w m v m with a one one and q a m
there you have a point seven yeah they did beat some big shooters no question about that now did she
she beat zeta correct now when she beat oh i didn't give she a two uh um had a two well just relax
now you're getting you're getting carried away well she had a two yeah when you get beat by she
that's correct zeta is the third among the a o r stations now their last shocker and dropping
rapidly a lot of surprise okay persons twelve plus in the day parts okay in the morning number one
w a q i s funnual they don't count um micron area six two up from a five five so he's number one in
the market really with a gigantic cube of a hundred eighty one thousand excellent and congratulations
to my head gets back from the vacation will you please and i cut it out okay no off is enough is
life of with a five eight down from a six seven life is falling because most of their listeners are
dying i think it's part of the problem uh cubia hit a five five in the morning h y i y one hundred
out of four six oh sunny it gone up a half a point but he's gone yeah winds a four o to a four
or two they're about flat they went up a little bit uh magic a three six to a three nine this is
twelve plus in the morning hot from a two o to a three eighth they almost doubled their audience
they're up to eighth in the market ed r state flat with a three seven c m q we don't talk about
it's espagnolo speaking in glaze power a three eight down to a three four tenor had a little
drop there so does me joy three four kiss a three three up a half a point love
Gregory Benjamin from a three two two a three three so he's creeping along
uh
well come on leave him along will you okay big gr three six two a three one but again
i'm not i'm not gonna say it i know that spiked with want me to alibi i just did a head
of a screwed up month there in the in the book waxy a two eight two a three
w n w s from a four nine in the morning two a three three
but in if you know if Dennis is listening
now we come to the real good one w z t a zeta 94.9 from a five point four two a two point eight
in only six weeks it lost half the audience never in my career have ever held them in the history
of broad chasing has there been never uh then follow it's not even worth going to the rest of
me she won one three will one seven in the morning and that's about all it's worth talking about
okay now well i'm gonna put the uh paper clip back on these because i've got so much stuff here
i feel like i'm in Washington they've opened up all kinds of classified documents so you look
oh huh you look like they are here in all right ball plus submit day life had an eight three
okay credible joy had a five three life was down almost two points magic tied with joy for
second with a five three this is twelve plus w i o d from a three three to a four six we were
fourth in midday that's the highest number the stations had in midday in four hundred years
and we were only here five weeks so it extrapolates out to about the last five weeks we were doing
about a six seven to a seven now it was higher than bill maquigts numbers a little bit yeah um
uh followed by cmq kiss w snooze now this is the uh i don't understand the sand he dropped from a
four nine to a three nine in midday how did we beat sandy and we were only here five weeks huh
and we out kilm to her and everything i don't understand gloves two nine to a three nine
mm-hmm hot two three to a three five wax you a three two to a three four in midday
and uh power big drop five two to a three one that's crazy GTR four four to a three but again
x dj one nine to a three mm while one hundred three five down to a two eight in midday that's
where they had a big big drop in midday then uh ten year old program director better to get
it his stuff together uh winds two under with two six they had a little pick up there midday must
have been a couple of exciting new story qb a she had a two one in midday now let's see
ft l a one eight we're still looking we're still looking swathe a one seven and here it is the
jef guns are show ladies and gentlemen little increase from a one four to a one six
whoo he is doing it they're obsessed with him okay three to seven twelve plus life seven point
two hot five point two joy a five power four point eight down a point and a half
um fox is not going to be called not today while one hundred or four four five in
afternoon so the big drop i guess was in midday and maybe at night uh cmq magic from a five two
to a four three in midday or an afternoon drive like i said their music has changed and they're
messing with success w i o d stewin from a four four to a three nine in the afternoon all
always cum went up the length of the listenership went down a little bit the cum went up uh edr four
two down to a three nine alas from a four four down to a three seven up all as Dustin Hoffman would
say uh oh love from a two seven with three six kiss two four to a three six uh gtr four five
two eight the waxy two eight flat w x dj two under a two five etc afternoon wins two three to a
two four g two one to a two one and zeta from a one three to a one eight huh and my clients
is really doing it well he did he had a big number somewhere in here twenty five thirty four
somewhere at a seven seven three if my memory is the one okay this has got to be boring for people
are you folks bored by the way uh anybody in the audience is bored bug off okay let's see a
twenty five to fifty four these are the important demographics uh i will say this we had like in
men twenty five to thirty four mm-hmm oh this is frightening this is shocking men twenty five to
thirty oh to fifty four okay well we'll get to that all right twenty five to fifty four persons
this is men and women magic was number one with a six six then joy see him q love edr i od with a
four seven was tied for six with kiss i don't think anybody cares about that i think they care
about the individual day parts twenty five to fifty four don't they they do magic six two
wacky a five seven micronary five three third in the market in twenty five to fifty four or a
giant jump from a three nine to a five three followed by joy while in hundred with a four eight
edr with a four seven love with a four six drop to have a point kiss a four four waxy a four four
a big increase gtr four seven to a four qba six o to a three seven zeta this is twenty five to
fifty four in the morning seven one two a three five uh oh turn the corner oh uh uh uh uh uh uh
say you've got to understand when you've lost half the little over half the audience in six weeks
you're doing almost nothing you're doing almost to zero because half a seven point one is three
point five five and they got a three five zero point one so if you add seven point one the first
six weeks and a zero the last well you understand what i'm saying life hot went from a one nine to a
three two in the morning wins two one to a two seven that must be an accident she a two one
w snooze two four to a one seven and a more in their morning just went through the bottom
and they just came back to where they belong okay when we get in those older demographics they'll
start showing up real heavy midday uh love three eight to a five eight who's on midday over there
carry chase yuri stevens okay thought he was a jockey uh wiod midday uh twenty five to fifty four two
seven to a four five which means we were doing about close i would say to a six five to a seven
somewhere in there uh gtr six one to a three six they had some problems one bad month and uh
y-100 three four to a two four she two oh to a two three where is the guns run here always stay
flat with a one nine okay afternoon drive three to seven p.m twenty five to fifty four this
got to be so boring magic seven six number one dropping from an eight nine joy seven one they had a
big book love five five huh CMQ five five kiss a four seven kissed it very well edr four six iod
from a five one to a four four but still tied for seventh and beating the daylights out of the
competition uh xdj three six to a four four which i believe is bogus life a four one waxi a four one
y-100 a three six hmm who else are we looking for oh zeta one nine to a two four and afternoon drive
twenty five to fifty four that micha lines is the he's doing it i'm telling he's doing it
also on the weekend weekend used to be the big of thing over there wasn't it they did
real great on the weekend or zeta if we can say that's still on here oh we're past the break
well we'll take a whenever the how we feel like it okay uh let me just look quickly at the weekend
because they used to have a big number on a weekend over at zeta huge number they used to be
their big oh look at that we don't do my we sucked during the week but on a week iod went from a
three four to a five two on a weekend that's twelve plus that's the whole audience big increase
wins from a two seven to a three w snooze from a four five to a two nine um she from a two
three to a two one and zeta from a two two to a one two lost half the audience okay it's
ten fifty two at w i o d we'll come back and wrap this boring stuff up right after this just
got ten fifty six at w i o d this call from a bureau this collect calls is a crank hello hello how are
you you a crank caller sir am i a crank no no i start my car the usual way with a key okay can't
be done by the way oh okay i just want to talk to you about the worst experience of anybody's life
and that is standing in the buffet line back of somebody who's got to be eighty five and moving
at the speed of mail and how do you like to have followed them in their car when they were going there
no this is worse because the person is front of me first of all is just moving so slowly
and they're in this is a Chinese buffet and they're picking out the little shrimp from the
shrimp shall mean oh yeah put on their plate yeah every time they go to the Chinese buffet we have one
of those uh... uh... implantation or davie and they go to the Chinese buffet and they pick all the
meat out of the meat dishes and they leave all the vegetables and the onions and there's nothing left
when you get there that's right that's right but it's but doing it in front of you yeah just picking
and picking and picking you're waiting and taking about five minutes to get all the things that they
want out of there and maybe a way to get even with them while they're picking in the food maybe
you could like be picking your nose or something and you know what i'm saying pretty gross but it
maybe the only way to do it i don't think they know no probably not there probably too uh...
deeply into their work so to speak that's that's how you do it up in viral my god i can't believe we
have an honest to goodness living and breathing person we get a lot of hate from viral but that's
about it well there's a lot of hate in viral i believe that yeah i bet you they have a lot of
sheet sales up there too don't they they do on the weekend especially at the some of the malls yeah
yeah well in west zero uh-huh
no it's it's nice up european yeah in fact the kids up there all were uniforms too brown ones
understand well listen have a great day and stay off that line okay good luck to you pal 1058
at w i i i knew we didn't have much time left in the hours and he was calling collect and not only
knows we don't want to pay a whole bunch of money for uh you know collect calls but uh... i just
shocking the way that phone is working like a real phone today i mean i know it can't be done but
mitch came in here and like that and just uh... a miracle it's like i'm ready for religion now i'm
so excited and you're gonna get your control for the over here for the over how we can actually control
the level in here which will be just revolution it got it he's got it he's actually got it already
and even says overhead on it he's got it all uh the man's in jishney really is yeah he really is
and he said the other guys are nice guys but uh-huh yeah some of them have been here too long you know what i mean
like when steve said to me the other day at the campy done that's the way it is and here today all
of a sudden it's done now it's shocking okay listen we got a whole we got look at this how much ratings
we got to go through that okay we could probably do till midnight all right if we want to do a ratings
marathon here at w i o d you know the station at a great book yeah and we want to really rub it in okay
we want to relish it and savor it and uh you know rubbing it everybody else's back okay and we're
getting the morten sold out for our friends at w snooze during the eleven o'clock news henry
is standing by with the news and we'll come back with our number two at eleven oh five
ining
I'm gonna go to the street boys
Beans and a lot of room with all that noise
Make it easier like a room to lie
I'm gonna go to the lot of room to lie
I'm gonna go to the lot of room to lie
To get away and jack a lot
Yes, I'm gonna go to the lot of room to jack a lot
Got you in your jack a lot
Got you in your jack a lot
Jack a lot of jack a lot
Got you in your jack a lot
Got you in your jack a lot
Got you in your jack a lot
I'm gonna go to the football
I'm gonna go to the football field
Get it, get it, get it, get it
I'm gonna go to the field
So you got to away and jack a lot
Got you in your jack a lot
Jack a lot of jack a lot
Got you in your jack a lot
If I had a fight along
If I had a fight along
If I had a long fight along
If I had a long fight along
If I had a long fight along
If I lose that fight along
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
Keep me behind, keep me behind
BEHIND
I'm not going to be talking about it.
I'm not going to be talking about it.
I'm not going to be talking about it.
I'm not going to be talking about it.
I'm not going to be talking about it.
I'm not going to be talking about it.
I'm not going to be talking about it.
I'm not going to be talking about it.
I'm not going to be talking about it.
I'm not going to be talking about it.
I'm not going to be talking about it.
I'm not going to be talking about it.
I'm not going to be talking about it.
I'm not going to be talking about it.
I'm not going to be talking about it.
They're being loud.
They're all loud.
They're all loud.
All right, so you're over Recruising Who the Channel 7 now?
Who is this Joan Love It?
Joan Love It.
That's right.
She's going to pop in and say hi.
I'm going to have Sharon call Joan Love It.
A Channel 7 and tell her the disgusting thing that you did to her this morning in there.
That was rubbing up again, Sharon.
That was rubbing up again, Sharon.
So now I'm going to have her call and just happen to rub up against the breast of these young ladies.
And that's what happened.
And now you're cruising the poor Joan over there at Channel 7.
We'll get word over to her.
Joan don't come anywhere near him.
Okay.
He's a real desperate.
I'm really looking forward to meeting her.
He'll feel places on your body that you didn't even know were invented yet, all right?
It's eight minutes past eleven at WIOD.
All right, getting back into these ratings down.
I know a lot of you are waiting on these phones and obviously you have a full rich life so just hang on
25 to 54. Did we do this? Oh
Man, I'm sorry men. Mm-hmm. Well, we want to do this because WIOD
This is the entire day Monday to Sunday 6th to midnight number one tied with magic 7.2
Followed by joy EDR
X DJ mm-hmm from a two five to a five one. Oh, I mean who are they kidding?
Waxi two five to a four six.
GTR 7 five to a four six. Kiss three two to a four two. CMQ life love Zeta four nine to a three seven. Huh?
While 100 she wins
TMI
Etc. Okay six to 10 a.m. men
Micronary this is 25 to 54 year old men. Reneary number one with a seven nine up from a four four giant number. Yes
Followed by magic with a six four. Oh nobody even close Zeta 11 four to a five seven. Huh? You're kidding
How could that happen? They turned the corner. Oh
Oh god do I love that 11 four to a five seven. Oh my
Hmm must be a mistake huh? Yeah
GTR 7 six to a five six EDR five one. It's a big pickup for them. While 100 four to a five one
As I said Sunny did very well, but he's not there anymore. A joy kiss
Waxi XDJ one three to a three nine boy. I'm telling you they got some real interesting fall out on their
Gloves four six to a three seven that should make you happy. Uh-huh wins three two to a three one. I don't see W snooze in here
Well, these are kind of younger demographics. We're not one of those 95 plus yet. That's where they get that's where they
Oh look at this one eight to a one four in morning boy. They're mornings just fell through the bottom there
Our attend to three midday
This is men 25 to 54 Waxi DJ and eight eight. I mean WMXJ. I'm sorry
They're fourth magic first with an eight eight WIOD is seven one. We went from a three nine to a seven one. Oh
A joy six eight
DJ from a two four to a six four. I got a laugh. It's so ridiculous
Uh, for example, length of listenership three hours and 45 minutes a week to eight and a half hours. I mean come on
Hmm, hmm Waxi live GTR EDR kiss
Etc. What is it? I did do it in the midday. Oh look at that. Guns are two three to a three one good lord. Oh my god
They've turned the corner ladies and gentlemen
Three to seven PM men 25 to 54 magic eight two. Oh Steve had a seven of four second. Uh-huh joy six four
XDJ five five which is again a joke Waxi GTR gloves
CMQ EDR. I don't see W snooze on here anywhere. Where the hell is Alice?
Zeta two four to a four oh
In men 25 to 54 that Mike Lyons man. He is eating them up and spitting them out
They have a three oh to a three nine wins two seven to a three one. She had two eight to a three one
I still haven't found WNWS WLD
Here they are a two three down to a two oh tying for 20th with power
Hmm in men 25 to 54 three to seven
Hmm, so I guess it was Alice and Cox together in stereo there the afternoon
Okay, here's Monday through Sunday men. Oh, this is so look at this. I can't get through all of this
Where do I stop? I got to stop somewhere
Huh you can stop anytime now. No, no, we got to get these 18 to 34 because we did great. Okay
Monday Monday through Sunday six to midnight. Let's see number one was hot nine two. Oh boy from a four seven to a nine two
Told you whoo you laughed it that Keith Isley boy
He's got those crayons out and pretty soon. He's gonna be using them as a repository. They're doing real well power
7 6 EDR 7 6 GTR 7 6
Three stations time for a second. That's unusual. Mm-hmm. While in 100
Waxi love she now what happened with the Zeta persons 18 to 34 can we find them on here here?
They are before eight to a three two 14
That's six to midnight now again to the day parts
If the people in the audience aren't being bored by this then they must be um all in the business. I'm not bored morning
6 to 10 a.m. 18 to 34 men and women
Kiss three seven. Yeah, I'm on the wrong page. I'm sorry. Yeah, I can't hear you. I know that would have to be a mistake
Oh somebody put these in a wrong order. Uh-huh?
Spires a page missing spike
Impossible. I think there's a page missing
Yeah, don't blame me for it baby. It's missing
I'll be dead. Oh, it's in a wrong order. Okay. Uh GTR was number one. He should have that right on top nine one Lord
Call it by hot from a three five up to an eight five. Yeah, why 100 six six to an eight two
I'm telling you sonny had a did a very very well, but he's not there
Uh EDR power from a six nine flat she three four to a five one gloves five four to a four eight Waxi joy
XDJ again. They're all over the place magic dropped six five to a four six i.o.d
This is men this is men and women 18 to 34 persons
midday from a point six to a four
hmm
Good
From a 0.6 to a four bigger than Paul i.o. A Zeta from a two seven with three two, but at gonzer
I'm telling you he had a book that will live in infamy man, and of course it's got to be that strong morning leading
W.S. News midday sandy 18 to 34 she's got great demographics from a point six to a one four
She is doing it. Okay, let's see. Let's take a look at afternoons 18 to 34
um
GTR number one with an eight four
followed by hot up from a three seven was seven eight
Those kids are out there are into that hot and
Power joy edr
XDJ from a three one to a five nine Waxi she gloves
why
Magic magic had a pretty a bad drop there five eight to a four five Zeta from a two eight to a four two
So you see in some of these little
demographics they're really doing it in midday and afternoon
I really turned the corner
i.o. D from a two two up to a two four
QBA W.S. News from a point four to a one four look out
Look out that Alice is on the move
Now we get into man 18 to 34 okay, which sounds really good to me
um
6 a.m. To midnight
We got the GTR's number one with a nine nine followed by hot from a five four up to an eight
followed by edr power with a six five down from a nine eight XDJ
Oh, here we go two six up to a six five from six and a half hours of listenership to 16 and a half hours like the listenership
But they do you understand what that means that means oh
It's just incredible. Yeah, I mean somebody is smoking some heavy duty stuff in beltsville trust me that rust away
Susp and he's got a sense of humor that is second on doesn't he
She waxy y gloves. This is a six-amidement i.w. I.o. D from a one two to a four four
In many teen to 34 how do you like that?
For a little bit of an increaseator from a six five down to a four four
Okay, now let's look at the day parts. This ought to be very interesting six to ten a.m
GTR's number one with eleven six while one hundred to seven four that was a big increase from a four eight
But sonny's not there anymore
A EDR XDJ from a two oh to a six five if you believe that hot from a four two to a six three followed by she power gloves
Zeta from a 15.1 that was our last book there to a four point one
Come on now don't get hostile
Waxie joy i.o. D from a point six to a three three
This is many teen to 34 in the morning QBACM Q magic
rmf
i in z from a one eight to a one two oh boy well
I like a lot of young people listening to that news midday ten to three GTR number one with eleven four xdj a two nine to eight seven
She with a seven eight hot with a six two i.o. D.am from a point four to a six two five for fourth
Followed by power eDR Zeta from a three nine to a four nine in midday. I'm Tony Gonser is oh man. He is doing it
They have turned the corner over the trust man. No question. That's good for another book now. Okay, they can
Bring it along for one more book right after knowing three to seven eighteen to thirty four men
GTR number one with a ten two edr hot power xdj
She's Zeta from a three four to a six two that mic lions. I'm telling you ladies and gentlemen. They've turned that corner. Yeah
No question i.o. D from a two nine steve went up to a four two
In many eighteen to thirty four where is Alice
Alice oh a point three to a one four. Okay. I think that's about it. I think the rest of this stuff is an app but we got to do this one persons
persons 25 now men 25 or 34 that's one we'll do because we did great. Okay great. We'll pick out the ones we did well in yeah
Well, that's just about any of them GTR ten one number one. This is the entire station six a.m. to midnight Monday through Sunday followed by xdj with an eight five
Oh, oh
edr waxy iod from a one five to a four nine
It meant 25 to thirty four number five in a market followed by joy she
Zeta from a seven two to a four seven. Hmm little drop there. I wonder where that was. Hmm. Okay, now let's look at the day parts six to ten a.m.
Number one GTR with a twelve seven y 100 way up but sunny's not there anymore edr xdj she loved joy kiss
Waxie Zeta from a 16.0 to a four one. Oh, what is that do my heart a little bit of it from a 16 to a four one in men 25 or 34 what happened
Where did they go? I thought they turned the corner over there
midday 10 to three GTR number one with a 10 six xdj two four to a 10 six do believe that of course you don't
Third wiod from a point six to a six five. Oh
Hmm
Let's see how Steve didn't the afternoon. How did Sandy doing that them all?
Sandy all those sugar cookies Sandy. I don't find Sandy on here anywhere. Look at that. She's so refined. I don't I can't find it wins had a point four
Oh, Sandy went from a point six to a point four there she is
I know if we look long and hard enough we'd find Sandy's number somewhere we got to get a magnum
Let's get one of those magnum visions that night cells in the morning. Okay, let's go down to the drugstore and get one of those
Three to seven in the afternoon GTR was number one with the nine seven Zeta from a three five to a seven two
That was the big number. Oh that Mike lions man. He's eating them up and spitting them out. They're doing it
They are doing it and Steve went from a four two up to a four eight in men 18 to 30 40 afternoon
tied for eighth where was Alice?
Oh big pickup point three to a one three
You're doing an Alice man. They got we're better watch them. I'm telling you they're on the move. They are moving it
So that's enough and if there's anybody in a business who wants to know anything else we've got everything
That's everything except the book which hasn't been mailed yet. All right. I'm sorry to bore all the rest of you with that
But it's uh, it's compulsory. You know, everybody in a business tunes in critical
I'm getting choked up about it crucial
Feel like Stan
Talking to that with no Stogie by the way, you think lunch is gonna show today. I hope so is a little salad or spring would be more desperate
We are not listening. I don't think karma and I gave stolen rolls at Gulfstream yesterday our first pick of the season
It comes in and pays 14. What was it?
14 six stats right incredible
And I'm so thank you so much. I'm just for my information
Oh, that's good for my information the tapestry rotisserie is gonna be providing food at the remote at Toyota Hollywood this weekend
Wow, or incredible
So if you come by early enough, there might be some goodies here from our friend Joe
Right now speaking of Toyota of Hollywood what timing that Laura's got a sheen
We want to invite you to come by this Saturday
Steven I are gonna be there from with Neil Rogers on news talk radio six 10
It's 1123 at WIOD can we just look at men 18 plus because the station was number one iod with a seven one
Hmm
Great and incredible
And in midday let me just take a look at that. Do we do anything
Life was number one with a seven three iod number two from a five one to a six seven
In many teen plus, but we haven't turned any corners over here. No, we're not turning any corners
We're trying to drive if you pardon the expression on these straight and narrow path and over its data
They're busy turning corners and I think it's very fortuitous
That they had those real good those little uh, you know, big numbers and arrow demographics
A couple of them for Mike lines and one or two for Gonser and they're gonna say oh man
This is it man. Look at each giant numbers and we're really doing it
What they don't understand of course is that the rest of the place is going to hell on a hand basket
But that's good. We hope that they stick with that for a long that classic crock
I've tuned in this morning for the first time in weeks and
Campon Dave was out sick again. I think that's three days in a row. He probably saw the book
and
They're pumping out the same crap that they always pump right, you know
They were talking about their big facts machine and
Facts us this and fax us that and um, etc
It was great. It's the closest thing to unlistable. I've heard in a
25.511 and w.w.w.w.w.d. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing now? Okay. Hey listen
I heard you talking about that um that first ball yesterday around Jeremy. Oh, yeah
Listen when he's gonna be on Steve show. He's an interesting day. Trevor you're
He uh wait a minute. Who said he was gonna be on Steve show? That's what I heard
No, no, I heard Jeff Stryker's gonna be on not Ron Jeremy. Oh
Well anyway, you know, he has the ability to feelate himself
Yes, I'm aware of that. Oh, okay. I didn't know if he knew that and what you're trying to tell us is that you're jealous, right
Now there was one flick that uh, he was in and which he did accomplish that feat as a matter of fact
Yeah, I remember seeing you
Remember vaguely from sometime in my wayward youth having seen that that is
And I told somebody that the other day when he was on with her auto and they didn't believe me
Yeah, I told a couple of people out there and believe me
They don't believe it is hard to believe, you know
But when you're double-jointed, I guess the Lord means for you to do some pretty exciting things
I'd say okay
All right, we'll listen to you. We have a good one now. I hear that jealousy in your voice sir
Okay, five
26 past 11 and W I O D we have an open line and brown
I like the way he feelate that was very
Sudo intellectual, wasn't it?
That was excellent
Great colors. I'm serious. That was that was so delicately and tastefully done if I can if you put that expression
Okay, let's see five two four W I O D is an open line and brown and also Palm Beach six five five W I O D
So we got a couple of open lines in the board
We're all through with the ratings. I realize we probably put most of the audience in a coma
But uh tough, you know, that's the brakes. I mean we are that's part of our heavy responsibility in this community
And not only that but the phone is fixed it works like a reliving and breathing normal phone
So even if you have nothing to say call on those two lines and make us feel good. Okay, because it really looks great
Yeah, especially in Palm Beach, okay
Because we got another 34 minutes that were of course Mike Miller, you know
I never thought about that we can't compete there either
So I were probably finished in Palm Beach through
Margate hello
Hi, Neil. Yeah, hi, it's Kim. How you doing Kim? Good. I wanted to call and say thank you for what last week my boyfriend called you
And he asked you
What would be a good place to take his girlfriend for her birthday? Right?
He suggested by Tavarnetta. Yeah, and we went Saturday night. Oh boy. It's great, isn't it? Yes, it was so good
And the service is just so perfect man as soon as you put your water glass down
They fill it up again. I know it's great. Yeah, yeah, I had to feel it was delicious
Mm-hmm that baby cow boy. It's fantastic
It was so good. Well, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Oh good. Well, I just wanted to come say thank you. Good. How old were you?
16 16. Yeah, boy. That's a wonderful age now. You don't want to wear uniforms to school do you? No
I didn't think so. It's only these douchebag parents that want their kids to wear uniforms, right? Yeah, I know
Okay, I'm glad you enjoyed it. All right. Bye. Bye. That's great
27 patched 11 to W. I. O. D. And we have an opening in Broward if you move quickly now that the phones are gonna work
They're not gonna call I mean we do have a lot of calls on there, but it just would be it would be so exciting
Okay, let's do it this way everybody who'd like to have Alan Burke back
Oh, seriously everybody that wants the Dean back. Let's get those left, okay? Or if you want Paul Harvey back come on
524 W. I. O. D. in Broward we won't even take the call
We just want to see them flash all right and 655 W. I. O. D. and Palm Beach. Okay, there goes four
There goes six, okay
See we have to go through a retraining process now now that the phone actually works like this
There's years work like that in their two-nown Nick in other words it works normal. Oh my god
This is a day that will live in infamy ladies and gentlemen
Which we and I told you he was the best in the business and here we were mucking around with all these
I mean these other guys are wonderful guys, but they're a little confused
You know they've been under a lot of pressure for a long time and mid said no problem
And he walked in here no equipment or no screwdriver just waved his hand and immediately liked an active god the phone straightened itself out
He gave it a dirty look as if to say if you don't straighten out you've had it okay
We're gonna call in some two-bit private phone company and right away AT&T got the message, okay? It's it's shocking. It really is
Uh, hi, Alia. Hello. Hi. What am I being punished about good morning, Neil? I hope I'm not out of line
Out of line, Mary Lou. No, not really because you said the 16 year-old
You asked her the question about the uniforms and this is what I call the unicorns. Yeah
Neil maybe the unicorn will send over lunch today. Boy, that would be fantastic. What that would read. Oh god
I would go crazy. I lived too far. I would bring you lunch
No, no, that's okay. Sorry
Neil I'm sorry, but I have to give my response on the uniform
Remember the young lady who unicorns? Yeah, the unicorn the young lady who called shortly before 1035
If you say so yes, you don't recall oh yes, I do yeah, okay
She likes the uniforms. Yeah, because she has three kids to dress up in the morning and so on
Well, Neil I do feel the same way you do and I'm not just saying this just about a year
No, no, I'm not I've always been this way when I discuss with my friends about how parents
Nowadays mainly I just feel that most parents not all but most parents are putting this pressure on our children
You realize that since Oprah lost the way she looks worse now than she did before
Not worse, but not too good. Yeah, she looks bad. Yes, you don't I'm not trying to change the subject
No, I wanted but I was just thinking of that exploitative show that she did yesterday with those
Autistic savants that it was I swear to you and she and she comes out and she's got the gall the hoots bud
To look in a camera and say oh, we're not exploiting Robert here. We want you to understand it. No, it's like a freak show honey
It was it was tragic. It was so sad. You know and all the all she's doing is a milking it for every dime
She can milk out of it, you know
And my mother looks at me and she says in her own naive way. Oh, she has no control over who's on the program
I said to her she owns the company for right out loud
It's her production company. She picks the producers. She hires. She fires. She sits down with these douchebags and picks all of these horrible topics
Yes, my mother man. He lives in such a naive dream world, you know what I just left a part of it because I was visiting my aunt and
Oh, wait a minute. Hold on a second. Okay. No seriously. Oh wait a minute. They already hung up anyway
I was gonna go it says Davie and a hurry and they hung up so don't worry about
They were in such a big hurry. They disappeared
But I agree with you
Neil aren't really on this
Uniform in our parents to allow the state to come in and tell our
And you don't know the name of that shopping center and the Griffin in university. Do you know? Probably the sheet center
The sheet center that could be it because I thought that was the shops of Davie now already did this correction
Because I've been giving people a bum steer about where the armadillo cafe is and it's so good
I don't want people going to the wrong place. It's on Davie Road
In his little hillbilly kind of looking you would relate to it because you know over there in Highlyah you got a lot of
Good Billy Stone. I like to visit that day. You might even find Bill Anderson over there
Bill Anderson is coming out with his own autobiography
An autobiography yeah
But when you live in South Florida, you always write an autobiography
In fact, I hear that Joe Cocker is writing an autobiography. It's called the Alta Cocker story
Yeah, I have a free
If you would like one
No, I'll pass
No, I can't make up my mind whether I want to read super the one
Mary Lou have a nice day just a minute
Though thanks, no, he'll pass. Thank you. If he eats there, he'll pass
Say goodbye Mary Lou. Yes. Yeah
on the lottery
one-news report gives that
three point nine percent of the money is going to education in another news
report said thirty five percent which is it well because record for Rebecca
Paul can make up her mind how much is turned on the seven-year-old
okay it's eleven thirty three w i o d and we got it speaking of the lottery
if you're a sucker you played a lot of the if you have any brains you get
over to pomp it on harness tonight okay
i mean you can keep you can out that lottery money all of the way fourteen
million a hundred million i couldn't win anything all right
at pompano you would look at the old
my man i can't remember
uh... just lost my health care
eleven thirty seven at w i o d
and it is incredible really is it's astonishing we have an open-line and
brownie if you move quickly now is they say five two four
w i o d and of course the ponderous look at that to have been brought
what i've told you now that we got the phone work and they don't want to talk
to us
in brownie anyway
five two four nine four six three we don't something to offend them and
brownie think well you saw the book
only want you know he doesn't really messages again okay don't give him
messages if you want to talk to us that's what these lines are for if you want
to give him a big song and a dance in haka china he's not interested in that
okay
he's not there to take your messages
he's got more important things to do
you can't find out what they are man they were all going to be a good
fact here field hello
hi hi hi Neil hi i have a spy report for you from waxy great i was listening to
Rick and suds this morning
Rick and spud yes and a lady called up and said she heard on your show yesterday
that they were going to see and the sunny was going to waxy they said
absolutely not really yeah that means it's true huh probably you know what they
said when anybody in his business is absolutely not that should be the first
clue it can't be done
but they said that you guys always talk about everybody else on the radio
and you never talk about them so that must mean that you like them
um personally they're good guys because they love this show so i can't
say anything bad about them but as far as their show is concerned
uh... they had well let's see what they did in the morning okay i let me be
fair they may have had a big book unlikely but they may have had a big book
okay
twelve plus six to ten a.m
waxy
well they're not on the first page okay not a good sign second page
three oh they went from a two eight to a three oh six tied for sixteen with
w.s. news so
i think there may be something uh... an old man about that okay well i may have
helped their numbers go up a couple of points when i stopped listening to
you at that time in the morning and start listening to them i think a lot of
people really
because they have a little bit of joking around and yeah but if they would be
awake when they come on see what i used to drive into the parking lot they come
on at five thirty right
and some mornings i get to the station about five thirty five or there about
side here the first five minutes of them coming on and they always sound like
there is sleep
i don't listen to that
yeah you know that kind of stuff like uh... don't bother us we can't talk we're
still sleeping you know
well the reason i like to show is because dawn is on there and it's like a woman
to use sometimes with you know those two crazy guys so who's dawn dawn
murray
traffic
then she to traffic one murray
i thought he was an actor who died
dawn dawn dawn
are you sure you're not from the u.k.a. i am but i've seen gone a long time
been going with one
long time
okay
thanks for the report and tell Rick and spud zero can our book and he
pump it up
okay
i thought twenty-till new to w.i.o.d. we have a mobile in palm beach this is
frightening
hello
hello how you doing okay sir
i met a type of a bird
go ahead
good
i heard you talking about the early up to one the last one week uh... with the uh...
memory glands
yeah i just tell you a story with you sir okay
uh... when i was in the navy i was overseas
i met a telling us or singing us this
uh...
i met a
or another woman
really well and out
i was the one who brought up the thing about a reenoled women but i could be
wrong go ahead
now the mother you talk about the terrestrial
both of us kind of brought it up okay go ahead though because i'm not i'm not
the boob expert here you're right the bird is in the boob
you got that right
and you're really well and oba here one problem
what
you know t
note t
no t
well we've been known to make concessions you know
it was
but good
okay there he goes
i got a lot of well and she was good i
i was uh... what did that mean i don't know but i was a constant at uh... tie
orchard
last week i guess about this all we got another cab driver in a big rush here
hello
uncle me i'm not that big of a rush
you want me to put you back on hold
no that's okay okay
uh... the park a lot of the report is still empty
no one started coming for a lot of the other that's good
that's right no one started coming in for the super boy yet
great
but i don't know how to help it's up on i'm a five-minute-light hours man
i've got a yesterday
i thought i'd go to my am yesterday
i will say this i must say one thing they finally and it took them years but
the d.o.t. or whoever's responsibly finally did something semi-intelligent
no and that is on the divider on i'm a five in the new and that one stretch
there by my me gardens drive the last year wrote
that those little trees and bushes growing in the middle of the median
one of these days that we've been up to block well no some of
some of them already are you can't see what's happening on the other side
that is that i that's going to avoid so many traffic types with the rubber
neckers is going to be worth its weight in uh... much of all exactly
uh... the beach report the beaches dark and cloudy
yeah everybody's leaving is like four hundred check out from couple of the
big hotels down here today
there's about four hundred check-ins also
and they're all trying to do it at once
yeah i bet they are you should see the dormant at the harbor beach are going
that was a problem in four-large day when i had all those young people are so
they were all trying to do it at once and that's what got bob
apoplectic well i can't be out of the apoplectic yeah
i mean that's all we need is another one of him okay well listen have a great day
pal have a good one good luck to you okay i thought it was an important call
eleven forty two at w i o d there's an opening in brown word five two four
w i o d what are we going to do about sandy boy she's slipping rapidly huh so
what were you saying i was a constant about this very sub because we did
spend an entire job about big breasts about big breasts on oriental women
and uh... they told me there that in any race any creed any color in the world
you're gonna have big and small in any category category of people and they
said you will see anything with oriental you have you look hard enough
exactly that's what that's what that's what they all said to me that was all
that was all well that's pretty profound what is that a little kind of like
probably uh... philosophy yes exactly what it is and it's probably uh it's
probably true if you think about it ponder it today yeah it is pretty ponder it
right okay that ponder each line man i'm telling him so that that would be our
next project and look how fast we got you know the phones working right just in
one moment mitch straight net up i told you we had a lot of workers up in ponder
chief you don't use that line that's going to disappear just as rapidly coming
here in flip is uh... thing and before you know it that line will be like a
monro county like as we get inundated with calls from unrow county
why couldn't we just have an eight hundred number for all those calls we get
from out of town we don't really get a lot more calls from out of town that we
do from ponder to get that love to have a hundred number i would love to have more
calls from out of town that we ever get from ponder yeah
my amy hello okay this is uh... peat boulder
peat boulder please please come back to the police
but you're up sir come on uh... will they turn the corner but they realize they're
going in the wrong way well they got a couple of pretty interesting numbers in
there i mean it's one thing about ratings there's so many numbers that if you look
hard enough you'll find something you know so they got a real story in there now
yeah well congratulations on what you guys thank you but you got to watch out for net
the next book comes out remember you got to be up against leaf hour now that is true
yeah we never counted on that see we're just extrapolating what we did in the last
five out of these twelve weeks in here figuring how great it was but we didn't have
mic miller and leaf out of the content where that could be the turning point for us
to be the kiss of that
but enjoy it while you can uh... okay
not a lot of you know that we got a week way before you go we got it straight
not though we have uh... to get those people in line up there in Palm Beach
with dressing up all the talk host in little uniforms
okay so they'll be saying things and sound the same okay okay
all right bye
love forty five at w i o d we know that lea's preparing now frantically to go on the
year with his guest let's use guest today is the one who canceled out on
steve showed two weeks ago
badly he really do jamey from the uh... condo didn't
is going to do it
uh... next week
from the viewpoint condo is not steve has done that twice he's done a magnificent
job whether it's got national media attention
these people live
is it in tamarack
somewhere somewhere in broward right
wherever the hell it is it somewhere in broward
what does that have to do with west palm be oh market
is it a market it okay well again it's right by tamarack market
i mean that's got about as much to do with anything going on in west palm
beach is the man in the moon okay but steve did it so therefore foulard is
got to do the same show lea you've got no shame
no shame
bokeh hello
and now yes sir i don't know the phone like this can do screen yes we can do
screen yes that's great you're one of those who just waiting for well that's
that's why race such a big uh... think about this because you can't do
scrimas when one little line blips here in love you can't do it like that
and
scrimas sometimes with those who are some of your better show that is correct
yeah
they have to question these ratings now
in the afternoon and i and the
yes what kind of difference we talk between now and back when stand was on
all big difference let me give you an example
okay men twenty five to fifty four all right three to seven p.m.
w i n z when stand was there
summer of eighty seven of five then a six nine
a five one and a five one then he leaves two seven three one
what is the system bill operator you don't have any emergency call it's a
talk show find the number that's calling you it's a crank and just tool
model capric thank you okay
back in bokeh i don't know who it is but all you're in bokeh right yeah it's
that same jerk and uh... southern bell would do something about that uh... they
could nail his butt but good
out of the law yeah they could make him into but look but looking uh... but
sauce anyway i'll let's see twenty five to fifty four persons let's look at w i
i and z three to seven okay
if we can find them on here because it's a pretty low number
that's not on this page here it is
stand in the three five of four five of three nine and a four two then it
went when he left to one seven and a one nine they've lost well much more than
half the audience in the good demographics they've got nothing but old
parts over there basically
they like that okay okay good luck you sir
it was you can't you put your bumper sticker up yet
which one uh... i'd rather be a rochester all no i'm saving that for a special
effect i got my done in bob's cap somebody sent me catty i want to thank you very
much catty from rochester sent me
my very own blue done in bob's cap today okay
i was watching channel ten last night the news for the first time in like a
long time yeah and
you i don't know if it was time jokers that they're like uh...
they're like the national choir tabloid news yeah
tabloid news they're showing a bag of
regulated blood on tv
they should have a liver i saw that
i was i had to say and i thought to myself watercronize never looked better
you know okay have a good one
i think i think uh...
rick starter when is a fascist
okay uh...
five
you said in his opinion i know
which i'm not touching with the ten foot pool it's uh... let's see boca's open
two seven eight nine four six three and pop beach even with all of our
threats we can't get pombi going today okay
six five five
w i would be this is the last chance
for the pombi's line
if it doesn't ring with her i'm not talking about another line checker or
crank but if it doesn't flash now we don't get a real call on there
i am physically going to remove
line eight
forever from this port okay
nothing
now
now wait a minute
hello
okay eleven forty nine i can't believe that was on that boy that gentleman he's
the guy that saved pombi to realize that
congrats probably be a great movie
the man who saved pombi
on w i o d
it's eleven till noon and if you're just kind of
turned about
that house
out
listen
dance is all
hello
water's warm
i'll say
you're
coming here often
honey
you've been here before
no
first time
what's your name?
freeway
freeway that's not
one figure
please donate you
make it
name here
you
here to get
clean
all i don't know
you work around here
i'm a waiter but actually i'm an actor you know yeah yeah i know what's the top
isn't
you probably need to rely on all day but you know with everything it's a new
thing all it's to pay you can start relaxing right now freeway
i
brought something
who
uh... she
freeway
not just any she either
wow
gold
a
he can't
a month
but here's the most important part freeway from the
pro-tech
label
protect
i'm doing
by the city council of san francisco
absolutely
you know the pro-tech plug-in
i sure do
certified by the city by the day
well what do you think
that i don't
so
i'll get
you bet your life he will
and with confidence
because freeway and spiket have
condoms
don't let worry spoil those
chance meetings in public showers
always carry
pro-tech
r-o-c-e-t-c-t
i might be
r-o-t-e-t-t
bend down with no
i'm
i
don't know what it's all about
the pro-tech
so they won't send you
protect condoms
i'd be in a black-black house in garden
gold division
situation
since eighteen eighty seven
eleven fifty four w i would do we got a call on it
since we left you before the break
the cauldron palm beach disappeared now we got a new one on there
and even from palm bay hello
i know this is a guy to say palm beach
you're what i think i have a
palm beach are you the one
i'm a
palm
well that's close enough
i thought it was all
austrian again you know
he said these should
should support callers on
and people of them down in class
until they're ready for the hot dogs
i think
yeah great
i don't know
okay well we know who is from palm
bay was going to be a good call
thanks so much
opening in palm beach again
six five five w i would demand we all
ever since we've come here that line has been the definitive line seven
uh... you know sevens that are running there but eight
eight is definitely the weiner okay my amy hello
yeah how you doing there pretty damn good
that commercial so funny a crack me up
whatever here do you
i don't know if it's a commercial
yeah one that you had for free free way
free way and take it yeah
yeah there's a couple things i wanted to cover
uh... first of all i sent in my tape
the day before and it was on the 30th
of December
and i haven't received it yet and i'm wondering if
i was wondering if you might know about it i could give you my name and you could
oh sure you know
and i'm good luck to you
okay well there's still two boxes here that haven't been done yet so you still
have a chance
okay well i hope it's pretty slim but you still have a chance
all right also did you know that at daydland mall i don't know if they have it on
special days or whatever but they have a walk for fitness
where they have a bunch of grey hairs down there
oh blue hairs?
yeah blue hairs
and then this stack of tapes
yeah right
look at this we just got some more tapes and maybe yours is in the bunch
no i don't think that mine is in the 30th
you're not in pampered pines are you?
no my amy
oh you're in Miami
well let's see where's this one from
this one's got like postage due on it
thirty five cents postage due
excellent
and it doesn't even have a return address
that wouldn't be yours would it?
no i sent mine with a return address then it will open
how much does it cost is that the tape?
eighty five cents
how much?
you don't have on prospect drive do you?
no
oh man
the reason why i had a twenty five cents stamp in there
what on the on the thing?
on the on the return and open my account
that i sent it in there
no problem with that
okay
you're right
well there's one more thing that i want to do
yeah i hear that in the background here what is it?
no that's someone i work with he's being a jerk
is he?
is he a douchebag sir?
yes he is
so is my brother-in-law
a grant center house but i wanted to call him a douchebag
okay
okay
can i do it in personation of Glenn?
sure
all right here it is
how is that?
excellent your tape is on a waste
all right thanks a lot
bye-bye
eleven fifty six at good old wiod
we have an opening in date if he moved quickly now
seven five one nine four six three
seven five one wiod
our topic today is large breasted knee andrathals
who appear on the Oprah Winfrey show
let's go to Hollywood showy hello
hello Neil
in the garden of Edenway Adam
complacently stroking his matam
and loud with his mert for he knew that on earth
there were only two balls and he had them
that's cute
okay it's eleven fifty seven at wiod
and we have some more tapes for my collection here
which i'm going to be opening during the course of the new news
and i'm eagerly i'm hoping
that they're real good ones
yeah i'm not just looking one on a year
i like those maxel ones
and let me say it again
if you're tape
in other words if you don't have it by now
we do have a couple of boxes that rich still has to dump small boxes
don't panic small boxes
but if it doesn't come in the next couple of days
oh look at this a key and a brand new still in the wrapper
could i need these will be coming in for the next couple of weeks
keep them on away now don't forget you'll never see it again
okay don't say that we misrepresented it or we did this
we did you will never ever see the tape again
because the deadline has long since passed okay
long since passed i mean what was it last Thursday
yeah almost a week now if you didn't if you got a blank tape
let's see and don't understand recording yourself
but what is this
boy they think of it
wait a minute what is this this tape is essentially
inaudible half your recording is drowned out by the existing music
well when you send us a tape that's got stuff on it
that's not going to start a bulker racing all the cassettes
they don't have time for that
so i guess that's another one that i'm going to know that
well i'll leave it up to rich you can do whatever because it's a cheap
it's a crappy tape look at that and profile
come on pal don't be sending us a bunch of cheap crappy tape
who is this from
b r
oh this is the one that don't even look at this
it's got insufficient potenton i'm not giving this to it out
when in doubt throw it out
i don't even know if i want to keep the cassette
although it might be interesting to hear what's on it
fat ritt says he's sending out about a hundred tapes on Thursday
okay that's what he says
that's a message we just got on our hot little screen
we got a couple of open lines in brown
if you want to get online for the big 12 to 1 hour
the number is 524 wio d 524 9463
and i'm going to open these last one and if they like i said
if you continue if you're dumb enough to keep sending them in
you know we love all of checks for the Camilo sounds
that's great terrific they are much appreciated they can
continue using the money but as far as you're ever ever
seeing these tapes again on a scale of zero your chances
double minus infinity okay if they're such a thing
you're getting a good collection of new tape
let's do with this one is now just before the news break
take a look
another tape not too bad Sony
Sony is not really that's not the high class
okay we like max cells and tdk's but Sony will do
and of course the rest of this is going straight in the old
you know where okay April is here i believe is she not
April or the good old wio d new news report and we'll come
back with our number three at twelve oh five
Steve with open phones from two to six this afternoon
