That's great whatever that means no, but boy, I thought you were boring on QAM, but I was here like terminal. I know I've got a life, but no, what you said to her come here, tap, I don't want to hurt you. I just want to talk you long enough for you to stop.
Stop one stop breathing. Yeah, but you were good on that. I like it. Okay, well listen, we'll be talking to you someday. It's a 28 past 11. I couldn't take one more second of him. I mean, he means well, but he is so boring.
We have an open line in date 751 W1 HD. The birch beer is fantastic. The little Nelly Bernini. Is it Nelly? The Nelly burgers are fantastic too. And I'm looking at that. I actually at the last one here we gave one to Mitch for his wife, which is a likely story. That's kind of like the day that the fat rich walked out of here with that cheesecake.
That he was going to take home for his friends and neighbors and the eighth the whole thing that 45 pound cheesecake in his car on a way home.
It would just like a scene from the movie Fatso anyway, Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yeah. Boy boy. Birch stocks. You want to get rid of him? I'll tell you what, you know, I remember him. Let's do it right on you.
Let me say this to you. Okay, because he pulled one on me yesterday that I still can't get over this and you know trying to hang out in town and just hide and play behind our back and not help out on the show, which he's opposed to do.
So if we take a vote on today and we get him canned without, you know, his involvement, it would be kind of like a tit for tat. Wouldn't it?
Yeah, just leave him. Leave him on the island by himself. He has. He's not on the island. He's home. He's here.
Well, he's just, you know, just out of spite. I'm going to play one card today. It really is. I read that. Yeah, I never did anything to me. Thank God.
That inverter is going down pretty good. Yeah. That's why they call him the flyers. He sure does. He's a great human being.
So, you know, about this. What time did this Dodger game in last? Like a five? Well, I went 22. I was watching the last time I looked at was the top of the 20th about a 20 to one. So my standard about 130.
That's got to be some kind of major league record. No, I think the record is 26 with no runs scored at all with no runs. I don't know. That's got to be a record. I mean, that's just that's unbelievable.
So, you know, I never thought I'd be glad that I lost the end, but I guess I am now. I don't have to be watching this.
Debacol is going on and. Debacol with. Is that like testicle? Debacol. No, no, no.
The bottle sure. Not debacle. You're stressed. The D. You know, okay. Not the T. You know. So and leave the S out.
Testicle? No, no. So. Well, the good news is that they got the breeze coming in and the next. The next pose are going to west.
Hey, I got news for a man away that comes their plane right now. They couldn't beat. They couldn't beat the pipe or high.
I'm sure the braids are probably looking their chops. Exactly. So they better butch up a little bit up there in Chicago.
You know, I'm going to go back to, you know, about three weekends ago, you know, and then we expose one into New York and everybody was all screaming a holler and, you know, very. Oh, sweet day. You know, you know, to sweep the expose.
And I didn't. I was going to stay in the United and want. I knew the expose had gone in there and maybe swept or taken two out of three.
I mean, they just could have knocked the mess right out of the race. I mean, I knew the mess had gone in there and swept that they'd get right back in the race.
And I want to tell you how I want to tell you how desperate that division is. I mean, although it's a lot better than the American League.
Well, that's true. But the expose just recently lost 12 out of 14 games. Okay. And there's still only two games behind. What does that tell you?
Well, what that tells me is it was a good thing to cut the built themselves up a little bit of a cushion. Yeah. That's what you got to try and do is.
They build up a little a little cushion like when they before the all-star game. They were three games ahead.
It was their biggest lead of the season. They were hot as a pistol and then bingo. They lost seven in a row. They fell out of first place.
And now they had built up their biggest lead of the whole year. They were four and a half ahead after they swept the reds last week. They made that big come back in at one game.
And they were hot. Everybody thought they were just going crazy. And now they lost six in a row again. They just I don't know what their story is.
They just can't relate to winning. He went out of the tailspin last time. So maybe they will.
But at least they won't have to face that Tom Collins anymore. You know. The guy Harry kept calling Dave Collins Tom Collins.
And again yesterday he was calling Joe Oliver Myers. I don't know. Harry has just lost it.
I don't know if he's checking out the good looking broad. There's a lot of pressure these days.
Now as long as I have the cup is going to just please let the expose when I just can't handle. No, not the expose cardinals.
Well, the cardinal not the measure the expo the expo's make me sick. There's something about them. Maybe it's those French Canadians.
Oh, you know, I can handle an expo fan over a met fan. That's all right. That's true. That is true. Well, you can't you can knock the expo fans because they don't have any.
Now that's true. So they're dying up there. So bird if you're out there, you suck. Okay. Okay. One vote to ban the bird. Back at INZ we had a little thing one day about ban the bird.
And what is that? Owl is an expo fan. Owl. Oh, Alice saw. Yeah, I forgot about that. Well, everybody's going to have a fan.
Some more Alice has one or two out there in the audience. It's 1133 at W.I. They want. Oh, did you have that stuff about the game?
Oh, the previous longest game was 19 innings. There was a scoreless.
Well, that's what I just said. One of the longest game ever was one. No, I didn't say maybe I said 26 innings.
It was the giants played in that game. The giants and the Phillies or somebody or the Cubs. Yeah.
Like I said, Brooklyn and Boston Braves. But I don't really care about all these other like sub records. Okay. Minor records.
The bottom line is that this was the longest game in major league history to be scoreless. Previously was 19. They went through 21 innings.
And then that that torpedo disgusting Rick Dempsey who couldn't hit his way out of a paper sack hits this tremendous home run for the Dodgers in the top of the 12th. Thank goodness. Top of the 22nd.
And Montreal big mighty Montreal with Galaraga and he'll be Brooks and Tim Wallach and all these big home run hitters couldn't score.
They couldn't come close to scoring in 22 innings. They were pathetic. And it couldn't happen to a nicer bunch of guys.
1134 at W.I. They will assume STEM is all finished here. Right? Yeah.
Oh, you're still. How was the ex-po fan? Alice. Did you mean Santa? He means fact.
Hold on. Did I? Did I hang up on you? Oh, I tried to. No hold on. What did he say? I couldn't understand make out that one. Yeah. Thank God it was mumbled 26 till noon at W.I. They think STEM has been hanging around with some of the wrong people up there.
Better have a jack have a long talk and do when you come back here young man. Anyway, let's talk about Ciam's doll.
Boom came by all the way all the way like a few blocks down the road and showed up at the bizarre yesterday to say hi with his wonderful family.
And everybody's raven me. In fact, some of the management people from the bizarre were telling me yesterday about how they become groupies of Ciam's doll.
And they go up there for lunch and dinner all the time now because it just is sensational. I mean Thai food at its very, very best great steaks and seafood and delicious appetizers and whatever you do.
Maybe you're not a big soup eater like I am. I very rarely can start a dinner without soup. But to try any of their great soups like the hot and sour soup or that coconut milk or the.
I'm going to do that. I think at 1 o'clock or just crank that up and we'll get the radio with the time tunnel. We'll just let it go for the entire hour probably at about a 96 share.
People will be just blaring that all of us out Florida. He is just such a he's turning into a slime ball. You know what?
He really is. He's turning into a despicable disgusting little slime ball. What's about a tiny was a good guy and he kind of like wander around the building over at I.
And Z and you get the mail and just a schmooz and all have anything you want within reason joy. And and those were the good old days and all of a sudden he got a swell head and a lot of you but kisses out there started feeding that massive ego that was growing out of control.
Like a runaway water melon and and I just hope what I think Pembroke Pines hello hello Neil. Yes. I don't great good. I heard you mentioning that about Alex Bennett. I want to see how good your memory is a couple of years ago.
I walked in and a fudruckers and sat down and basically a cost of you for a month. Oh yeah. I was on my way to my heart to the hospital right.
My friend who was dying and I just never forget that. Yeah. It's not in the mood to talk to anybody and you just that that's okay. I don't want to make you feel bad.
At the time I asked you if you would have ever heard of Alex Bennett and you said no but he basically is parallel your career in a lot of ways because back in really back in 73 or 74.
They were trying to get little old ladies and tennis shoes were trying to kick him off the air because he was stirring them up and getting them pissed off and basically people would kids would call up a lot and say what do you think of Santana.
What do you think of the grateful debt and you go what do you think about him. What do you think. Don't ask me questions like that. You know. So he's good. He's a pretty exciting. Yeah. Well basically that's what he got a lot of pinheads back then in the early 70s. So he's basically left wearing a subversive and I hope to do a good show.
Great. Well I'm glad you say so. Oh yeah. We'll enjoy him. You think he needs the bird here with him. No. Definitely not. Well maybe we ought to have the birds stay home next week. Yeah I think so. Well let him join you. No. No way Jose. Like I said I think he needs him here just to assure him the ropes. Yeah maybe so. Okay have a great life. Okay.
Okay. 1154 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in Broward if you move real fast now at 524 W.I.O.D. So Alice is going to England to visit the Queens. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah. Uh huh. Hi. This is Roberta. I was out at the Bizarre yesterday. How are you doing Roberta? How are you? Great. I think I signed a picture for you. Didn't I? Now you signed a picture for my mom. Well close. A selfie is your mom. She's been trying to get through it. She hasn't been able to.
Isn't that incredible? Yes. She wanted to thank you and thank Sharon and Steve. She thinks you're adorable. Mm-hmm. Sharon and Steve. What does Steve have to do with yesterday's show? Steve thought he was adorable too. Steve wasn't there. Oh but he's just adorable in general. Yeah. Okay well that's Sophie. Boy she's got a great sense of humor. She's listening too. Well of course. She wants our edition for the bird job. No thanks. Let's tell her it was a real pleasure. It was a real treat for all of us.
She was the hit of the party. Okay Roberta. You have a good day. You too. Bye. 1156 and WIOD. We have an open line in date now. Let's keep those lines going at least till lunchtime. Okay. 751 WIOD. Poppano. Hello. Neil it's Mike Fingles and how are you doing? Hey Mike. I had a great time yesterday. Did you? It was great. Well that's great. We try to make a fool of your dad. I think we uh to some degree accomplished what we had in mind. Now he was great. I had a great crowd too. Yeah we did. It was good.
We left the park on some pretty full. In fact some oh geez I had something here about Poppano Park and if you wouldn't have called I'd have forgotten all about it. Somebody sent me um where the heck is that thing. Roger left it for me. It was about them televising from Pompano the breeder's crown. Right. Yeah I think I threw it in a waste basket in a moment of weakness. Well it's not important right. We don't want to see the huh? We don't want people to live on to you. You want them all to spend their money and come out to the track that night. Right. Well everybody to be at the track and they better get their tickets now because otherwise they're going to get shut out.
Right. Could be a mob scene. We've got to have any of Roger's night to raise track. Yeah. I'd say only way to fill out the track up to 20,000 people I believe. We are sure. Definitely. Especially we give him some winners. Yeah. Keep some of those Canadian drivers back across the border. Okay. I thought I just got up to someone's time where to give me hell again. I'd listen. Tell your dad that he's running his image by even mentioning that he knows Steinbranner. Okay. I mean Steinbranner is such a subhuman disgusting excuse for a human being. He's in that like Bucky Den is lost. What?
Four out of five is it now right so far and he's starting to pack his bags already. Okay. That's how nervous he's getting. So I wouldn't I wouldn't get to said it about George. If your dad were just to take that ring and bury it and hide it somewhere or put it on his in a case in the house and just to forget about George. You know what I'm saying? Yep. You going on vacation? I'm getting far away from here. Trust me. No gambling. It could be could be a little bit. Okay. If it is gambling good luck and make a lot of money. Okay. Just like you.
Okay. Okay. See you. Right. I'm Mike. Okay. That's Michael Finkelson. That's Alan Jr. so to speak. Who's another one of those great gambling degenerates that we all know. I love. We have a couple of minutes before news time. Let's do Palm Beach. Hello.
New Cubby suckers. Yeah. Suckers. I think you had too much to eat on. Suckers is your problem. Pal. Another one of those New Yorkers with a 40 boy. Yeah. Cubbies.
Well, those match are powerful. Aren't they? What are they? Squirtle eyes to games? At least they're consistent. Right? They scored the same. In fact, the score was the same as today.
It was the day before five zip. Five to zip. That big good donut. That the guy keeps talking about that we won't talk to you know.
The big donut in the sky. The match are doing of course. They're taking the day off so they can make that big swing through the West Coast again.
And that ought to be really exciting, especially when they play those three in San Francisco. It ought to be really great.
Okay. Anyway, the Palm Beach line is open. If we have any more illiterate New Yorkers who want to call in and make barnyard sounds like the last guy.
655-9463-655-WYOD. Steve this afternoon. The congressional candidate Gerald Richmond debates. I'm going to see Ileana wouldn't show up because she hates Steve like poison.
And because she's basically a coward, but Xavier Cortada is going to be here taking a per thing I guess.
And they're going to talk about the political campaign and alleged racism and they know nice friendly chat.
And then the Don Shula show at 6 Sports Talk. The Kings kickoff bank with live from the Radisson Hotel at 625 followed an eight o'clock by the Orioles at the Yankees.
So we got it all right here on 610-WYOD. And Chuck Meyer standing by now with the new WID.
He is chucking the new now by the way is going to come in here in addition for the birds job in San Kik.
So stick around and ought to really be exciting.
And I'm going to the ice cream store about 830 for little piece up there.
That's it sir. That's all you get.
That's great.
We have great.
You know all these Jewish people get all upset with me. My and I, we were very tight.
We used to come over every once in a while. We talk about the banks.
I don't know where I'm running this beer. I'm drinking here. There's a man. He's nitpickers, you know.
He's looking to pin something on us.
Inquisition, holocaust.
Staying us a few people got killed.
Your life isn't perfect. Look at us. Look at the credit.
Our spare existence. We got to live.
The Archbishop tonight. I'm the first guy sleeping within six weeks.
Have a wonderful life sir.
Good morning, I'm right, Robert.
Little kids running around can't get them out of my hair. These all the boys with a blonde hair.
The blue eyes after a while they hold the same.
But this blind, you know, at the ice cream store.
Sounds like it could be something interesting.
Almost as interesting as the any so-toes show.
He's the listen on the weekend. Those Jews calling in.
Double makers. You know, the only road up the road is going to bring up the past.
We have the end.
Heavenly has. Never leave it alone.
My and I miss the bad of the people of the late cards.
You can care of his dog. You know, these little dogs used to walk to me.
She's so cute.
Don't Jewish dog. The circumcised.
Now the other boys, they bring me. They almost be Jewish.
Yeah.
That's just an absolute disgrace for us.
Blast for us. Try.
You can't do that.
Just you don't know.
Don't you chose. That would be the odd issue.
I remember that day.
He said he said when you arrived in the city.
Now he's here.
Now he said he said this thing.
When he started on K.A.T.
Now he was talking about the lights to where he says nobody had been formed.
And for one year's day, he screamed in the air.
That he gave his town what it's for.
Oh, well K.A.T. was the truth.
So Neil had to find a little too.
Back up his path and went down the road to his home with W.S. News.
The big, strong years of night had to hide.
He pointed out his phone was dust.
There was no matter what he talked about this time with me.
That's the whole issue at the pictures.
Just left to back to zero.
I'm sorry, I subject to no.
But it seemed that all his care thousands of things were in place.
The time arose to move the game in his press set down three.
So at 84, he found his mid-day thought.
He tried for a while to do his thing but then to know for that.
So he started having a car and caught his burners.
He got caught and hit his head.
Some folks came to talk to him.
They were all starting trouble for what they heard.
But a full-line hear of the audience showed us all the pain of thirst.
Well, they moved the show today and the show.
And I think it was cool.
And they tried their hand and said to him, but Neil's the same old fool.
So he backed it up and it took the show through the bottle.
I heard a dreamer.
Oh, oh, where the bill threw off and walked the tunnel.
It all owned so it seemed.
Oh, oh, oh.
Fourteen years have come and gone.
Lots of changes on the way.
So now I think we've reached the start of a world bus to say.
Thank you, Neil, for the fun and love that you think to us.
And we'll see you next time.
Oh, oh.
Of course, without Neil Rogers, you need to talk about the only heart of what's there.
