Be triggered by that girl you most admire.
When Mal was in school, there was a girl who sat next to me who had a mole I wanted to grab.
It was weeks before I finally gave in.
Pick up a book on personal hygiene. Stop writing a Mel. Go see a doctor,
but Mel just doesn't get paid enough to think about Hainese.
Much less answer than one.
And then again I could be wrong.
They call me Mel.
Okay, now you get the feeling there's something going on here today that we didn't know about.
Because I didn't hear like five words of that which I heard the beginning which I thought was kind of cute.
But I didn't hear any of the rest of it and Denonberg is over here
watching around with copy.
While we're on the air.
Hi Neil.
It's a very special reason for this.
And also I've got an insipid and idiotic thing here from Disney about my roast.
I'm not doing any roast.
Okay, the roast.
He comes up with these ridiculous ideas.
Oh, when is...
Remember we were going to do the show like even if we can't take the show to
Disney to MGM or somewhere or somewhere exciting.
We were going to do it out in the parking lot.
Oh, whatever that is.
This is the middle of May.
And we still haven't we haven't done one second of the show outside of this little
claustrophobic room.
Have we?
Or did I miss something?
Not one second.
And he just insists he's going to continue complicating my life with this
Hazarai.
I'm not interested in roast and ego trips.
Okay, to me there's nothing more nauseating than that.
Oh god, it's that turn me off.
When is it?
Oh, it ain't gonna happen.
You know, he threw...
I didn't have the heart to tell him because he gave me this cockamemeid me idea a
couple of months ago and I looked at them and I smiled and I said, well,
you know, way down the road.
Now he's leaving me notes.
He's talking to people about this.
This man, honest to God,
is just zasperating, okay?
Like yesterday, he comes in here after getting his car stolen at the airport
and the first thing he does, the only thing he does is drop that Cubs t-shirt on the table.
Now, of all the days, they just had lost five in a row, which thank goodness we ended yesterday.
And I'm going to tell you, if you want information on any team except the Yankees,
don't listen to sports talk.
I can't wait to get Hank in here Thursday, although he's not the guiltyest party.
Joe, I listened to sports talk in the car last night.
I was going to the store and they'd drawn on and on about the Yankees,
the city Yankees.
Then the Yankees lose the game anyway like usual.
I wanted to find out what happened to Balecki.
I'd leave the game in the seventh inning.
His arm tightened up.
I wanted to find if there was any information about that, nothing.
Then there was a thing about Rick Sutcliffe getting Cortezone shot in his back.
He's going to miss his turn tomorrow.
Did we have anything about that?
Maybe. I didn't hear it.
It may have been on here.
I missed it.
Is Joe from New York?
No, I don't know.
Joe is from Hungary, didn't he?
I mean, Joe is a nice guy, a nice kid.
But very narrow in scope, I would say.
Very, very narrow in scope.
There's a lot of information.
It's not just the Cubs here.
There are 24 other teams beside the Yankees and the Cubs, right?
And there are fans out there of all of them.
I'm sure even somebody wants to hear about Seattle.
Well, maybe not.
Anyway, it's nine minutes past 10.
I must say that yesterday was one of the worst shows in the history of this program.
And not us.
Not us.
No, we were fun.
I was thinking about it not at length because when I leave here, basically it's history.
But I was just thinking I can't think of one good call in four hours yesterday.
Not one.
Poor Herbie.
No.
One of his worst.
I mean, for him saying one of his worst, that's saying a lot.
He was an idiot yesterday.
He had nothing to say.
No one did.
I can't think of one person that anything decent call.
Can you?
One.
No, no, no.
Not one?
Oh no, they were boring and their voices all had that old IOD sound to them, you know?
I like the girl who called up the lightning round and calls you a door.
I'm not talking about it.
Even the lightning round was boring.
Yeah.
We didn't we didn't have one die on over here.
That's how bad it was yesterday.
We did have the book.
Doc, I must have had a patient.
Maybe he was in surgery.
Where are your priorities, Doc?
Okay.
I can just see him handing the scowl over to somebody else during the middle of the operation.
Oh, it's time for the lightning round.
Would you take over, please?
Probably.
And rushing over to the pay phone with his blood soaked rubber gloves on, you know?
Speaking of blood soaked rubber gloves, Steve has an unusual topic on his show today.
Oh my.
Oh my god.
By the way, pizza loft is bringing food Thursday.
So Hank, you know, Hank is like kind of trying to orchestrate the whole thing.
Hank, I don't, you're a wonderful guy, but we don't need any help in getting food in it.
We've been very, very successful.
As a matter of fact, peppers, which is we heard last week was going to bring food
and they got shut out because we had all these other people lined up ahead of them.
Is the sponsor, I didn't know that.
I heard them on sports talk last night.
It's a Mexican restaurant.
It's here on the 79th Street Causeway somewhere.
And maybe someday they'll bring some food over to us.
Even though they're on sports talk.
Oh, you know, peppers.
Sounds pretty interesting.
Like some real spicy Mexican food.
I'm thinking to go into Mexico for my vacation now.
Why is there this long, long silence?
Well, look at Stan, no months ago.
Mexican vacation.
He's still talking about it.
Yeah, he still does shows on his trip to Mexico.
Villa and how he couldn't breathe and that was at Stan.
He did months ago.
He went into that place and he couldn't breathe.
Yeah.
In the bar.
Yeah.
And they were all going.
Anyway, I started to say before interrupted myself.
Steve has a very unusual topic today.
It's going to be another abortion on WIOD.
Well, that's what it says.
It's a reaction to OV Wade, the NBC TV movie with your last night,
with somehow I missed.
I just didn't get it, you know, I missed it too.
And the guest today and I hope you're holding on to your seat.
When I tell you this, the guest today includes Susan Glickman,
Prochoice Liberal, Melissa Dunn, Prochoice Conservative,
whatever the hell that means.
And here we go, ladies and gentlemen again.
Can we have a little drum roll for this?
Please.
Frankly, my dear.
I don't give a damn.
No, that's not what we want.
I'm just stalling for time.
I don't think the drum roll is in here anymore.
Well, maybe.
May take us till about 11 o'clock to find out.
Now, this guest deserves a drum roll.
Make no mistake about this.
This is something really unusual and special on the cane show.
And I can't find the drum roll.
Well, we'll have to do without.
The other guest is the Reverend Pat Mahoney, a Florida rescue.
Who's making his 88th appearance this week.
And it's only Tuesday.
So don't forget it's the Reverend Pat Mahoney show
with special guest Steve Kane this afternoon at two.
He guessed it's funny.
Steve's guessing two days and rows on the Ellis Rubin show.
I only heard about two minutes of that.
It's always interesting to me because if I only catch
a couple of minutes, a certain shows
must be my luck.
Because the game, the Cup game had ended,
and I got in the car to go to the store.
And just as I punched a turn the radio on,
they were saying something about the fact that I had mentioned
Steve was going to be a guest on the Ellis Rubin show.
And Ellis, of course, being a big fan of mine.
Oh, comment that that must have been a shot or something like that.
Yeah, it wasn't a shot.
Ellis, okay, it was a real shot.
Okay, we owe a little apology here.
Not a big one.
Just a little one of Joseph Gackey,
who just came racing of the room during the break and said,
I'm a Cup fan.
I know, Bud Mad.
And I trust you are too.
Now, he evidently spent a few minutes at the beginning of the show
on the Cup yesterday.
A ledge on Sports Talk.
Okay, that's what he said.
I didn't hear it.
All I ever hear is about the Stinking Yankees.
It's all, all of tonight, they got Lou Gorman,
the GM of the Boston Red Sox.
So at least thank goodness.
We'll get to hear something a little bit different
instead about those Stinking Yankees.
Boy, not only are the Yankees bad,
but their broadcasts,
those are really some of the all-time Worston history.
John Sterling, I mean, when you can't make the cut with the braves,
okay, when you're like the odd man out with the braves,
is that tell you something?
Always this over?
No, it's not over, okay, it's not over.
And you're not getting paid to read the newspaper, okay?
They're paying you to cackle.
Waiting.
Boy, all of a sudden he's back to this again now.
All of a sudden he's pounding again.
I'm not pounding.
Okay, here's my pick.
I'm sure Phil Saltsman is getting his voice warmed up.
We got a first race pick today.
I'm not mucking around anymore.
We got Katie's Boo with Gonzalez in the first race.
And I can't believe you passed over a horse
that you just love, gentle Tim in the race.
I'm not done.
And you're going with Stevie's doctor in the fifth race.
Seems like almost all your horses are with Shave's
in minor all with Gonzalez.
Coincidences.
There are no coincidences.
Well, Mike has done very well for me.
That's all I can say.
Shave is, of course, there's a lot more winners,
but it's a question of picking which ones they are.
So anyway, the Cubs won a four-nothing yesterday
and Balecki pitched another great game.
And what's his name?
Sudcliffe is missing a turn.
And we had this kid.
It's really great when you bring up a kid
who's never played for you before.
Katie's 30 years old.
And his name is McClendon.
And you know how I said to myself,
I'd remember the name because that's a radio name.
Gordon McClendon.
And this guy looks like he ought to be in radio,
not in baseball because he's like short and stocky.
He's like waddles.
In fact, they hit a flyball to left field.
And he waddled back and waddled back and fell on his ass
and it went over his head for a double.
But anyway, that's all the baseball for today
because somebody we know is getting real surly
and just going through a whole routine,
reading the paper and getting all bad out of shape.
And we can't discuss that.
And we can't talk about anything in the air.
I want to ask you about that.
And we can't talk about upstate New York.
I'm not talking about downstate New York.
And we can't talk about Detroit.
And we can't talk about anything Niels interested in
because we want to talk about Lakeland.
Are you going to be okay?
No, I don't think so.
I'm in a real...
I don't know what happened.
I was in a great mood.
I came and I saw this idiotic note from Disney
about my roast.
We're not doing a roast, okay?
The only roast we do is in the oven.
God almighty, just can't you send him away again for a few days?
Go in there and tell him that he's got some emergency
in Chicago that he's got the cubs need him up there or something.
They need him to pitch tomorrow because Subcliffe's missing a turn.
Oh man, he just, you know, it wasn't at the same everywhere.
I've ever been.
It's always the same when a management people aren't gone.
Everything is smooth and everything is calm
and peaceful and there are no little nudge-adicky things that come along
when any of the management people are even in town much less in the building.
They're always these little inane stupid like this, okay?
Great.
Good luck to you.
They're right in the circular file.
They're roast.
Roast this, okay?
20 minutes past 10 at WIOD.
We may or may not take any calls today.
The audience may be burnt out the callers.
We may need to give them a rest.
In fact, we may do the lightning round.
Just us.
Well, I'm kind of a mess today because
oh, by the way, attorney Barry Silver will also be on this contrive panel on the
speaking show today at 4 p.m. to make it a true abortion.
And oh, God, it's just, you know, this is so simple.
It's another one of these things where people just won't leave other people alone, okay?
And I love the way they, and it just shocking to me the way Steve is jumping into bed,
so to speak, with people like Pat Mahoney, with these virulent right wingers, okay?
Because I guess his true leanings are now rising to the surface.
It's intolerance.
That's what it is.
And they can make all these excuses.
Oh, it's a baby.
It's a child and it's got two arms and it's got two legs.
You know, that's like arguing for tadpole rights, okay?
In a world that's just overrun with unwanted babies that's got more people that we can deal with.
Let me ask you this question.
Do we need more people in the world or fewer?
Is that a difficult question?
Do we need more or fewer people to make the quality of life meaningful?
Of course, the Pope and the Catholic Church for centuries have been huckin' a trinic about,
oh, you're about to use, you know, I got rhythm as their theme song.
And in the meantime, they're overpopulating the whole world, which is like forced misery, okay?
Like all of Latin America, we got all these people streaming across the border in Texas.
Why? Because they're populating, they're reproducing like rabbits down there, okay?
So we gotta have more babies.
Because Steve wants to adopt one.
Would somebody give Steven Laurie a baby?
Get off this thing already.
Chase.
I've decided that's a conscience.
My bad, my bad, my bad.
Laurie's gonna sit in and we're gonna get arrested.
We're gonna get a lot of publicity and it's gonna be great.
And then Alice Ruben can defend us.
And then he can be out on the show again for five times.
Oh my God.
So anyway, it's all your reaction.
Now everybody who did not see the movie last night, we don't want to talk to these idiots anyway, okay?
Let's just clear the lines and use them for.
Okay, anybody who did not see the movie, let's see a little show on the phone here.
If you did not see Roe V Wade on NBC last night, okay?
Okay, there's one.
I guess everybody saw the movie.
I guess there's two.
Three, nobody in date saw the movie, okay?
Nobody in Palm Beach saw the movie.
That's four.
Pretty slow.
Pretty slow and brown.
And in Boka.
So I guess there's only four people in the whole audience.
You didn't see the movie.
It's gonna be a hot show, Steve.
Everybody did their homework and watch that movie.
Look at that.
There's not one line in Broward County flashing.
Yeah, they all.
This is the slowest response I have ever seen in my life.
Everybody in this.
All right, now we'll show you something.
Okay, to show you how dumb this audience is.
Okay, we cleared those lines.
Everybody who did see the movie last night, now let's your turn to call it.
Everybody who saw Roe V Wade, there's two in date.
Two in date.
Two in date.
No passive, maybe.
I don't know.
Hey, notice Broward.
Neither one.
Broward is not participating.
All right, now let's clear the.
All right, do it in your way.
Clear those.
All right, now those of you who don't care,
who don't give a good fly and leap either way about Roe V Wade
and the movie and abortion.
Let's see those lines light up.
Okay, here's two in date.
One in Palm Beach.
Does this tell you anything?
Did you ever have the feeling that you were talking to yourself?
Yeah.
It started again yesterday.
We went through that.
We had this after Easter and we had that all old and all of a sudden
everything was going along fine.
And now it's like, look at that.
There's three lines flashed.
Even the people who don't give a damn look at all.
Does that tell you anything?
Wow.
Are the Broward lines working?
Wow.
Oh, they're not working.
They're not working.
They're not working.
Oh, listen to this.
Here, I'm blaming the audience.
Okay, the lines aren't working.
Look at that.
Boca's not working.
Broward is all screwed up.
What the hell is going on here today?
What it's in here?
Oh, don't give me that stuff.
All right, let's one moment please.
Oh, it's not me.
The line is screwed up.
How the hell could the board make that noise?
Oh, man, a regular rocket scientist in there.
It's my fault.
It's the lines are all screwed up.
And I'm sitting here.
My whole show is being governed because the lines don't work again.
Oh, man, this place.
You talk about an insane asylum, okay?
There are any of those of you out there who think you need to be in a padded cell in a rubber room.
Just come on down the 79th Street Causeway.
You'll be right at home, okay?
Right at home.
Anyway, guess what night it is?
It's Tuesday.
Yeah, those lines are really doing it, Boca.
Gary, they're really doing this.
This is a disaster.
This is a technical disgrace this place, okay?
And of course, remember how quickly we got that line fixed last time?
I've only took us a week to get a lot one line fixed last time.
Okay, those are my sentiments.
The 99th and the WI of Day, the home of technical astonishment.
It just never ceases to amaze me.
Every day is like a whole new.
Didn't I always say that that when you work in this market every morning,
you could have a 98 year.
Every day when you come in,
it's like the first day that you've been on here.
Because you never know if anything is going to work.
You never know if these Samorans are going to call.
You never know what mood they're going to be.
And it's like, and you never know what kind of idiotic memo is you're going to get from management.
Oh, about my roast.
Roast this, okay?
Where's that going to be at?
Out in the parking lot.
Well, I guess this is it, huh?
I'm a cup fan.
I don't buy that.
Can I trust you?
I trust you.
Oh, that was shocking.
Just like the old big A.
Yeah, we're going to punish the audience by playing Gary Lewis into Playboy Records.
All right, listen to this.
Nothing.
Oh, they're working on it.
They're working on it.
Amy, you hear that?
Nothing.
No, there's a good hum on there.
You don't hear that?
Oh, there.
Yeah, I can hear it now.
Real low.
Okay, so half of the lines are out.
I had a feeling that there was something on this, as they say.
You never know either that or Sandy may have been doing an abortion
at an upstage old Steve.
I don't know what we're going to do with him.
You know, he just he's out of control.
He really is out of control.
I can see now I share and just has fits because boy, once he gets something in his mind,
there's no really.
Once he gets something in his mind, there is no reasoning with him.
He's just going to plot ahead and nobody is going to stop him.
You know, no matter how idiotic it may be,
no matter how repetitive it is, he's just going to bash it down your throat.
But that's okay.
We don't want to interfere.
Do we?
Do we?
Sure we do.
Trying to save him from himself.
Just like he's trying to save all these unborn babies.
Now see, once these people are born to hell with them, okay?
Like we got all these people living or out there in the streets,
and all these people are living an abject poverty,
and people who are with the distended bellies and everything.
And we don't like watching that because it makes us uncomfortable.
So to hell with that, we'd like to pretend none of that exists.
Just keep women as baby manufacturers, basically.
I think really deep-seated, it's part of Steve's sexist psyche.
It's part of his, you know, that woman is supposed to be a baby-making machine.
Oh.
And as she somehow has this responsibility to keep
bearing children until she just can't bear no more.
So to speak.
So anyway, we've got a real exciting day here already, and we just sat down.
So it looks like it's going to really be good.
I got a lot of good music here, though.
Now, speaking of excitement, I was driving home from work yesterday,
and I was driving in the rain on the Dolphin Expressway now,
when it's a beautiful, sunny, perfect day,
the Dolphin Expressway doesn't move.
Can you imagine what it was like yesterday in the rain?
So anyway, I saw this bumper sticker.
It might be appropriate.
It was a robot.
That's a song they sing at the 103.5.
A Roby Young Jerry Powers WVCG bumper sticker.
Not for me.
Can you believe that?
Not for me, okay?
Really livened up the trip home.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
1033 on all Schmutz radio.
Now let's talk about that rose.
Why is it I get the feeling that we just can't get it together here?
Is there some special reason I get the feeling that this place
can't get their act together?
And if you noticed, Sharon is on vacation.
Yeah.
Now, if there's anybody who has any doubt,
Sharon is like the catalyst for this entire building.
And if you had any doubt to that,
when he was out sick and now that he's on vacation,
this place is like a morgue.
Have you noticed?
Did you see the hot topics black?
Black?
Oh, no, I don't go in there.
It says on vacation.
The black board's on vacation.
There's no topics on that board.
It says on vacation.
She's like the spark plug.
She's about the only
lively thing in the building that like keeps running around trying to keep these people
awake and on her toes.
And now that she's on vacation, it's like you can just kind of lay back and
it's like a morgue in this place.
She look up and down the halls.
There's nobody there and it's just death.
And remember when I went out to the death to look for people.
And nobody there.
Yeah, that's true.
We had lunch.
Yeah, not that Sharon eats a lot because she's pretty tiny little gal.
But she at least gets everybody else going.
Yeah, she motivates them.
She ought to be on that.
I wouldn't say that.
That would be evil.
I don't think she ought to be at the motivation station,
but she doesn't deserve that.
Anyway, it's 1034, a WIOD.
We're just going to do a lot of spots today.
And yeah, that's around.
Mess around a little bit.
Feel it be calling in the call of the first race.
Oh, good.
And Sunday silence is working out today.
Now, I hope that Joe keeps his eye peeled on the wire.
So we find out that if he comes out of the workout, okay?
He may actually run in the preekness on the Saturday.
Dave Johnson is going to be calling us on Friday.
Hank will be here Thursday.
Touting, of course, is always an eating up a storm.
Pete Saloth is going to be here with food,
despite what he thinks.
Well, yeah, see, I don't understand that.
Hank, I mean, I grant you he works here.
But, you know, we can take care of the food.
We can cater any.
There's no lunch too big or too small for us to cater.
As we discovered yesterday.
Yeah, boys, that's the true.
I mean, wings plus brought enough food for, in fact,
Gorbachev and Dong Dong Xiaoping together
could have fed all of their troops.
We could have almost fed seven, almost, you know,
well, now you're really carried away.
I know.
1035 at WIOD, this is going to be some week.
I can see that already with the calls yesterday
and with our phone today, it's going to be some big week.
Broward screwed up.
Locust screwed up.
So we got a little dude as pre-cord.
I hope this fades, huh?
Well, I would be banned.
Well, it's cold.
I would feel like I was at RMS.
There's nothing worse than talking over the ending
of a record at N's cold like you do on RMS.
Anyway, it's at 1042 on all-head radio I-61.
Hey, listen, we got the phones are screwed up,
but I'm not going to do a show with only 17 lines, man.
We got to have at least 100 lines to do a show, don't we?
Let's just crank them up and really piss them off
over next door at GT.
Let's piss off your neighbors.
Let's toss those neighbors right next door at GT.
All right.
Which doesn't take a lot.
They're a little thin skinned.
They're a little, a little uptight now to sight.
You need to be cool, man.
I'm afraid I'm not cool enough.
I'm going to get you back to cool enough.
Lay down and start.
I'm hunting you for me.
I'm falling.
47 at W.I.D.
You know what?
Really, really.
Frosted my can.
Sandy already played that this morning.
Anyway, Pepper is going to be sending food at noon today.
See Hank, if you're listening, which I doubt.
But if you were, we don't need you catering food in here
from places that aren't even sponsors.
Okay, we like to bring food in from people
who are spending a few bucks to get a little plug there.
And peppers, which I heard on sports talk myself.
Mexican right around the corner here.
I can't wait for that to bring food at noon.
That ought to be great.
Good.
We got the who and Tommy.
We got the whole thing here.
I got it in the mail yesterday.
It may not be a bad idea after.
And we have a rumor that Steve Stancell
is banging his head against the door next door.
G.T.R.C. is a better music than they are this morning.
Although that wouldn't be hard, wouldn't it?
Yeah, I have one thing I need to mention here.
They're okay.
They're not great because FM Juan Carlos
co-tex called me at home yesterday from the Harold.
And he's writing this piece about FM Radio
and music radio here.
And I went on at great length.
And he just doesn't seem to want to.
Well, I guess he does, but it's a hard bitter pill
to swallow as they say it.
Say it a bitter pill.
That radio, FM Radio and his market sucks.
The music is terrible.
It is.
It's awful.
You can keep punching around.
See now most newer cars have got 12 FM presets.
You've got two groups of six, you know.
So it doesn't do any good.
It's hard enough to fill up six, much less 12.
Yeah, I have trouble with six.
Oh, yeah.
Big trouble.
Yeah, this has made your news in your house and my house.
And I just wanted to pass this on to everybody new tonight
on David Letterman on TV.
Yeah.
Norm Abram, who of course is everybody knows,
is the master carpenter from this old house.
They've had a repeat last night and it was another
Howard Stern appearance where Howard was trying to hawk that stupid videotape.
Bill?
Neglige.
Neglige and the panty party or whatever it was.
Howard is so he did have one great line.
I know about Ed Koch.
He said he was on Hollywood squares and they asked him which mayor makes the most money.
He said he knows it can't be Ed Koch because he didn't have to make a lot of money
because he doesn't date.
The company that we believe.
Wow.
What a mess.
Nile, what is that on eight?
Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's happening?
Well, our phones are out of order otherwise we'd be happy to talk to you.
It's four minutes.
Well, no, we're not going to talk to people with just the 20 or 30 stinkin lines.
Working, we want a hundred.
Wouldn't it be great to have a hundred lines and none of them live?
Ah, it's like a nice.
Yeah, that guy thinks because see, I'm not impressed by all these douchebags that come from
the Cayman Islands.
I think I yesterday who was supposedly from Pittsburgh and it turned out to be the same
jerk Mr. Tremolo.
Remember with the Tremler?
He was my favorite color of the day.
Was Ed?
You don't read me, you show.
You don't read me, you show.
Boy, I'm Tony.
This town, I want to tell you something seriously.
This place is, I think we all died and went to hell.
I really do.
Is that possible?
I mean, the weather, I love the weather.
And what really pisses me off is these people at Bicciboat.
It's so humid.
It's so well, if it's so humid, go inside.
Every place is air conditioned or go in your car and take a nice ride.
Okay, with your air conditioning.
Don't stop Biccian about the weather.
The weather is the only thing we got here.
We got a bunch of Yahoo, Haseed, Neanderthals who run these towns,
who've kept this in the dark ages.
Even though we go up to Orlando, it's a real eye opener.
Because you're a bunch of Yoko Yahoo, Haseed's up there too,
but they're making money.
No kidding.
No kidding.
And they got it.
Every day, not just every week or every month,
but every day is another major thing.
You know what I'm saying?
Like all year round.
They don't have, for example, I was driving to work today,
and I noticed the sign to Hollywood dog track.
It said, opens December 26th, the day after Christmas.
And I was thinking, isn't that a funny coincidence?
The day after Christmas until Easter, that's the season here,
which is really just a couple of months, basically, three months.
And the rest of the year, it's like we're supposed to expect to be in
kind of our death mode, you know?
Do you really think that was in a restaurant the other day?
And I have a dessert menu.
They had pie-ala death mode.
Do you really think people are driving down here from North
and they're not going further down to the North?
We are a little bit of death mode, by the way, coming up in the next hour.
What?
Do you think, actually, it's possible that tourists
coming down here aren't going further south in Orlando?
Is that possible?
They're going south, like to Lake Boinevista, that's south.
But anyway, it's just, it's really sad.
It's tragic.
And you people, you just sit back and you accept,
well, this is just the way it is.
We got a whole Steve Carc there in Bob Cox.
And we're all, you know, sitting around the table,
picking their noses.
And it just, this is sad.
I kept thinking, we could have had this member in a ramah,
which is like a big sewer.
Now, I mean, it's like a big empty parking lot with mud.
And we can ahead this new world here, but, oh, no,
we didn't want that Walt Disney, man, because next thing you know,
he'll be freezing himself and we'll have to have a big refrigerator.
We just can't handle this.
Okay.
We don't want the prosperity.
You imagine if that was everything.
Here's like death Valley days and pompano closed up.
And then I see the committee up until I have to see they voted down off track betting.
Oh, good.
The first shot around, you know, they always have to postpone the inevitable.
And what are all these Yahoo's screaming about?
Oh, they ought to redraw that lotto drawing from Saturday.
It wasn't on TV.
I think it's fixed.
You know, you people are, first of all, if you're playing the damn lottery,
you've got to be a moron to begin with.
Okay, why don't you just have a little bonfire and burn the money in your dining room?
Okay.
Take one of those little candles that they have.
You know, one of those decorative candles and restaurants.
You just burn the money.
Have a little celebration.
Instead of buying those stupid lottery tickets,
you got to be out of your mind.
Feel a lot more fun.
Yeah, you can have a little party with the money.
Okay, or better yet, give it to charity.
People are starving to that.
Oh, that's gambling.
Yeah, isn't it amazing how we got all these forms of gambling?
We can't have the off-track betting, though,
because that would corrupt the populace at gambling.
And then we certainly don't want casinos,
because that's gambling.
And you know how evil gambling.
They've always got to postpone the inevitable here.
Until we're starving to that, till we're desperate,
then they finally say, oh, maybe we should have Sunday racing.
You know, everybody else has done it for 50 years.
Maybe we ought to give it a try now.
I'm Henry Barrow.
Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD.
Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD presents Neal Rogers.
To get in touch and talk, call 751 WIOD and date.
524 WIOD in broad, or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beaches.
Other areas may call collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers
are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neal Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD.
Oh, yeah, Ricky.
Oh, yeah, Ricky.
Arooba Chumeka.
Oh, I want to take it.
Oh, yeah, I want to come.
One moment please.
I don't think I'm gonna go.
You can live faster than we're taking forward.
That's where we want to go.
We have to go.
Go for a heart.
Take that month to write the scene.
And then you'll have to sleep.
I'm a perfect dark chemistry.
And by and by will defy a little bit of gravity.
After the deadline, can't stay a little longer than I ever thought.
That dream you'll get, that's giving me a drop.
This will come to an end.
We have to come.
Chumeka.
Oh, I want to take it.
To bring it up.
One moment.
Come on, bring it up.
Keep our go.
Come to go.
Wait.
Wait.
Why don't we go?
We have to go.
Go for a heart.
We have to go.
We have to go.
We have to go.
That's where we want to go.
We have to go for a heart.
So, friends, I want to catch a glimpse.
Everybody knows.
A little place like the moon.
Now in the wind of the cold.
And in the middle of the night.
Oh, good and the cold.
Oh, it's the moon.
To make a fool.
I want to take it.
To bring it up.
Come on, bring it up.
Keep our go.
Come to go.
We have to go.
We have to hide privilege and the distinct honor of presenting to you.
The president of the United States.
Politicians, higher taxes, politics, fewer jobs, federal regulations, surely Congress,
doing drugs.
I'll tell you, government needs food.
I know government needs food.
You know, these are actions we are taking for the public good.
We must tie the hands of the business.
We must tie the hands of crime.
We must tie the hands of Boris Yeltsson.
This is a hard time.
Hard time.
Something's going on.
Outweigh this hard time.
You know what I'm talking about.
I know hard time.
I'm doing what I think is right.
But in the end, we all pay the price.
I'll tell you.
Unemployment is too high.
I let black hour country down.
Thank you.
The problem makes us crime and risk it.
The Berlin Wall came to come.
The winds of change are just now.
The communism gone.
Yes, world hunger.
Crime and politics so much to be grateful for.
But we have heart.
We have aisle.
We have aisle.
We have aisle.
We have aisle.
We have aisle.
We are nation of rotten world.
I saw aisle.
We just.
I saw aisle.
The magazine cost of freedom.
The magazine cost of health.
The magazine.
New player war.
I have multi myself.
We must move our country forward.
Okay, it's 11.16 at WIOD.
I didn't say he didn't pay this yet.
He did beat us to let zeppelin this morning.
No question about that.
Well, that's sandy.
Yeah.
What are you going to do?
Do.
Do.
Do you know what that's called?
GTR?
They do?
What does that say?
We don't have time to listen to the whole thing.
Do you know what that means?
Do you know what that means?
Do you know what that means?
I have to listen to the whole thing.
I don't know what that means.
There we go.
Now.
Do you know what that means?
I don't know what that means.
Yeah.
I don't know what that means.
I don't know what that means.
And I can first my soul
with that
and hold it in my neck
to allow
Oh yeah.
I'll tell you what's with that.
That's just one oh yeah.
Oh, Mitch, come on now.
Who else in the world would even remember that?
I mean it was just obsessed.
Autosickness.
Mitch.
Wow.
That was shocking.
Did you hear me say that on my way home yesterday
I saw a Roby Young Jerry Powers WBCT Comfort Stickers?
Every king.
Haha.
It's serious.
What does that tell you?
Okay, it's 1117 at WID where we're just having a good time to lunch shows up.
Thank you so much Mitch for that inane piece of bad music.
Wow, they're playing that on GTR huh?
Yeah.
Butch it up Bill.
That's Spike Wise boy.
He is just really butchering that place anyway.
We do have an open line in Palm Beach.
Let's just make sure it's working.
That's working.
So all eight lines are working in seven of Marlett.
Aren't you excited home?
And I should have said this and I blew it.
That poor guy that was on the line before?
By accident?
He was the best call in two days.
And he was only on like through a miracle, okay?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yeah.
Stanley Ross is a douchebag.
Who?
That's it.
Pretty weak.
Well, I guess we don't want to expect too much all our wants.
So Stanley, who?
So you said seven or lit, huh?
Right as I speak, seven of Marlett.
Even Palm Beach is lit up. How do you like that?
Not exciting.
Now that was an example.
Well, he was a mobile.
Okay. No more mobile today.
We're not talking any more mobile phones.
If they say they're calling a mobile phone, hang up on them.
Sick and tired of these pseudo intellectual idiots.
You notice how more and more of the mobile calls are idiots?
Yeah.
No questions.
Morons.
Plantation. Hello.
Is this the, speak to the stars of LA Law Hotline?
Yeah, go ahead, sir.
Real quick. Make it real snappy.
What do you want?
All right, that was it.
Okay. See ya.
One of your morons.
Don't LA Law.
Come on.
Get away already.
Nobody watches LA.
Oh, no, no one.
They don't.
Oh, nobody.
It's just like the people who claim to watch Nightline.
It is not everybody in the game.
Don't forget this week 9-11 Thursday night on CBS.
We have a special two-hour edition of Notzland Thursday night from Tendo alive.
And we have the final LA Law.
Nobody cares about that.
That's why we're getting an hour head start.
That's the only way we can compete.
Okay, there's an opening and proud.
If you move real.
I don't even watch Notzland again.
I'm not getting so tedious and so ponderous.
And so, you know, actually when you sit right down and stop and think about it,
it's like any of these soap operas.
If you had the trauma in your life that these people have airy, stinkin' day.
I mean, it just never stops and people are murdering each other and people are psychotic.
And just kind of like around here.
Yeah, you don't need more of that.
You can deal with it.
Bokeh, hello.
Hey, Neil Bird.
And none of these people even has a shrink.
That's the amazing part.
Am I right?
You're absolutely right.
I don't watch either of the show.
They both suck.
I'm going to watch what's his name, the home handyman there with the PBS, you know.
Bob, Bob.
Bob Villa.
Bob Villa, yeah.
And his farewell show.
That's an Havibrus Williams spy report.
On a Tuesday in Olaze, hey, it really fits in.
It's Tuesday.
You know, I was driving up to Orlando and there was nothing on a radio at night so I just slipped.
No, you're wrong about that.
Go ahead.
And you think your calls are bad.
You should hear his call.
He had two calls, one, with a thought this guy,
who was going to invest in oil and gas in West Virginia,
and was going to take out a second mortgage on his home.
Yeah.
And the other call was about this lady who had old silverware
and wanted to know the best place to trade it in.
Oh, she should call Sandy.
Sandy can help her out with that one.
She's got the collectibles guy on.
And the guy is on there, pounding his show like he's actually going to get into someone's soul and helps them.
Yeah.
And those were the two calls I've listened to.
They were ridiculous.
Well, it's a hell of a show.
I'll tell you that.
Just open up that pot and put any crap on that you want.
Say, speak of that, Bush Bingbang tonight from 8 till 9 35, Yankee Baseball time.
Even worse than Bush Bingbang?
I don't listen to that guy here.
No, he also had the book.
His promo is about the most exciting thing.
Uh-huh.
But you know, at the end of the promo, he goes, let's do it.
What is that?
Oh, he does it all the time.
He thinks he's funny and he's not.
He's just embarrassing and he'll go,
he makes all these little stupid sounds.
He's like, it's like the march of the right wing brigade or something.
I don't know what his story is.
I'm sorry if these guys are national.
Yeah, what does that tell you?
You could be the king.
The king in a half, yeah.
I mean, the king, the queen, the court, and everything.
Well, I got part of that knocked already.
Because these guys suck.
Yeah.
I know.
I couldn't, I thought, here we go.
I'm driving up and finally going to listen to his guys national.
And he talks like he's going to touch everyone's heart.
Well, don't forget, Ira Fistula was national too.
He used to be on overnight at INC.
Ira Fistula, and he went to the...
Oh, God.
He makes Bruce William sound like the answer man.
And then he had pathetic.
Then he had this guy on afterwards that talks about personal problems.
Another national guy, part of Bruce William's show.
Yeah, he's talking about it.
Yeah, he's talking about it.
That's it.
They were just pathetic.
One more thing.
I was in Sun Bank and Light has a new promotional WLYF.
Yeah.
They have a poster.
Light, some music.
Yeah.
But that's for people who are posters, okay?
People who are like postcard posters.
They have a poster of one of these guys from the radio station smiling sitting on the desk.
And they actually think people are going to stand up.
Yeah.
Well, listen, it's obvious you got a rich full-life pal.
So, boy.
All right.
I would get out of Map of the U.S. today and start looking at a real series.
From New York City.
No.
Yeah, August.
Are you?
Yeah.
See, I had a thing about this guy.
I just could tell his voice that he's had it.
I'm so sick of South Florida, man.
Oh, it's this town sucks.
You know, at this town bites the big one.
There's nothing going on here.
It's as dead as a door nail.
We got a bunch of old farts who were dried up in your condos running the whole town.
I live out.
Driving everybody else out.
It's just it sucks.
If wasn't for the weather, there wouldn't be three people here.
And the weather gets the night.
All these chamber of commerce.
People tried to blue sky everybody.
Telling everybody how wonderful it is.
And the beaches as dead as a door nail.
And the four-lawed nails even dead are.
I hate the whole South Florida.
Boy, it's just really sucks.
The biggest thing they got to talk about is whether the lottery drawing was kosher or not
whether we should do it over again.
Because they, like if we do it over again, they're going to win it, right?
Yeah.
That was five bucks on the scratch.
All right.
Now you're talking.
The biggest bell ever.
I got 76 bucks ahead in the Canadian lottery.
So look out.
And I got eight months of drawings to go.
All right, Neil.
I hope I brighten up your calling.
Well, I got news for you.
Your call was mediocre, but it was sensational compared to any yesterday.
I have four of information.
That's true.
You know, I didn't sound like an idiot, but I wasn't humorous.
Say goodbye.
Bye.
See you.
Now he was very good.
I must confess.
Well, light years ahead of yesterday.
Well, not quite negative enough for me, but other than that.
He was honest, okay?
He was honest.
This town sucks.
Let's stop covering up for all these Neanderthal politician and chamber types, okay?
This town needs some goddamn life in it, okay?
Somebody who's got enough balls to say, you know, this place is dying.
Instead of all these articles, well, we build another strip shopping center this week.
So everything's looking up.
I got him plantation.
We got enough strip shopping centers to last a lifetime.
We could have the entire world shopping at our strip shopping centers.
No restaurants, but a lot of strip shopping centers.
It's 1125, a WIOD, where everyone and everything is beautiful.
Okay, we have an open line and date and one in Boken.
Now that the lines are working, we got two stinkin' open lines.
Yeah.
What the hell is that all about?
We're having a profound meaty discussion of the current issues of the day.
And we got two stinkin' open lines.
And then Steve today is doing another abortion.
It's about time.
Yeah.
I've been in abortion withdrawal, myself.
Now, seriously, I keep poking all week long.
I've been poking myself with the code hanger because I just can't handle it.
1125, a WIOD, toilet.
Well, you're laughing, but if Steve had his way, that's what they'd be doing.
Okay, that's what these poor women would be doing.
They'd be running out there in back alleys with butchers and code hangers.
Thank you.
Oh, it's a child in there.
I wanted, I wanted, Laurie and I will raise it.
Anyway, Toyota of Hollywood with the best service department going anywhere.
As I said the other day, man, you can buy a car anywhere.
Everybody in their brother is selling cars, but getting great service.
That's another story.
And the service department at Toyota of Hollywood's got all of the work.
They got like a president's award.
And they tried to give them the vice president's award, but they gave that one back.
You know, they want to be associated.
But seriously, they really do a great job.
In fact, they've got a little assistant there where you can actually stand and watch while they work on your car,
which most places they don't even want you to see what they're doing.
And don't forget the special in the service department for the month of April has been extended now this month throughout the rest of May.
If you take your car in, mention WIOD.
They will change the oil and filter for only $9.95 and also toss in a 25-point complete safety inspection.
They will check your brakes, your tires, hoses, the whole smear from top to bottom, all for just $9.95 when you mentioned WIOD.
And why did they take a few minutes to browse around and check out the great selection of beautiful 89 Toyota's at a lower than ever prices right now?
It's a smart time to buy at Toyota of Hollywood on State Road 7.
That's 441 between Taft and Sheridan streets in Hollywood.
Now we heard the other day that Dion lives in North Bay, so every once in a while we're just going to play a little bit of Dion there.
And I'd like the whole record because that would be wrong.
Magic would get upset.
But, and then maybe he'll call in or stop by for lunch one day Dion DeMucci wouldn't that be something when that came in hung out for a while.
Yeah, and people would be calling and say, who's that?
No, our audience is very Dion intensive.
Okay, don't get around with that.
Okay, we have an open line in date County.
I'm not giving these numbers out.
Okay, because we went through a traumatic hour. Most of the lines were screwed up and we had all had home and puke and pop on the phone.
If you don't want to talk to us, that's okay. We understand there's only 4 million people out there who could be listening to the show.
I mean, this station reaches all the way up almost to Orlando.
That's right.
And we get into the big time. We get in a yeehaw junction real good.
News somewhere in the beach.
Fort Drum.
That's a Fort Drum like a local, like a rock.
I hear Jim from the specs. We don't want to keep Jim on a line too long because he may be paying for the call.
How you doing, Jim?
No, I'm not paying for it.
Speaking of Dion, he was here at the warehouse last week.
No, come on.
I'm serious.
He said he really liked your show.
No, come on. Dion doesn't listen to my show.
Yeah, I got pictures of the prove.
Pictures of what?
Wow.
You don't want to know.
No, seriously. He came by and he said he really liked your show and he, you know, would hopefully come on there sometimes.
Are you serious?
No, wait a minute. Let's slow down the mets when they were in spring train.
The mets when they played down here, the Orioles, for example, they were listening to the show and the dugout.
The mets like the show.
Dave Johnson and Tom Durkin are obsessed with the show.
They're neilies to the point of embarrassment.
And now Dion, who lives in North Bay Village, turns out to be listening to the show.
I don't know if he's a neilie or not, but I think you'd want to admit it.
See anything about Monty Rock if he listens to the show?
Oh, I hope not.
No, we got enough image problems already on action.
You should listen to the new CD, I'd say.
You really did.
What do you know? That new music.
Beat Boulder once told me he said, if you play new music, that's the kiss of death.
But I have it right in my hand.
King of the New York streets.
They're the great songs.
They're written on the subway wall.
Really?
It's got Paul Simon on it, too.
It's a great track.
Really? I'm going to put it on with the show.
I'm going to play it this time.
I'm going to play it this time.
And I sure appreciate all the good stuff you guys have.
Sure. Sure.
We love your show.
And, you know, anything you need, just call us out.
You have a oldy CD with pretty little angelized by Curtis Lee.
I would sure love to have that because I had that.
But of course, I left a lot of my oldy stuff at Zeta.
And now they're never going to give it back, I guess.
Pretty little, you do that.
That's the one.
Don't embarrass yourself on your object.
Come on. You were doing so well.
And now all of a sudden, you're lapsing into this.
Okay. I'll check it out for you.
Thank you, sir. You're a gentleman of scholars.
Say hi to Dion. I'm a big fan, by the way.
Okay.
Tom, they bring over Saxomoney.
Okay. Thanks, Jim.
Bye.
That's, now that is shocking.
Okay?
You would be pretty damn amazed at who's listening to this show every day.
You know what? You would be shocked.
Yeah.
Shocked.
Dion.
Wow.
Paul Simon.
Yeah.
It'll be gone.
Okay. 11.55.1.
It'll probably make you real jealous, but Joe Johnson has a Kelly and Klein coffee cup.
Oh, boy.
Can I have a two-jow?
Wow.
Anyway, you've got a real nice birthday gift there from Mary and Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah.
And it's a huge balloon and all the stuff is inside.
So you've got to pop the balloon.
Pop the balloon.
They don't usually let me have these razor blades.
No, they hide them for me.
Far away.
Oh, gee.
Even when you know it's a while.
It's shocking.
And, uh, boy.
It's in here.
Oh.
Candy.
Yeah, there's some nice candy.
English toffee.
I love that stuff.
It's fattening itself, but I still love it.
Tons of it.
And that's all just...
Oh, that's it.
But it's cute.
It's real cute.
And it's in the form like a big egg.
Yeah.
The balloon, like a jug.
And it gets a little nested.
Very, a loyal fan.
It's got a little nest.
Yeah, it's on that candy.
That's really cute.
Thank you, Mary.
You're just a...
Dion has moved to Boka from North Bay Village.
Wow.
Well, what the hell's going on, Dion?
You finally get the smart-year-old age, huh?
Oh, my.
Well, have smart.
He got out of North Bay Village, but now he's in Boka.
Well, North Bay Village is like kind of...
Marginal?
Well, the problem in North Bay Village is you have to drive down 79th Street to get there.
Yeah.
Unless you got a helicopter, no clearance.
He moved to Boka.
No wonder Dion is a little psychotic these days, huh?
Okay, we got a couple of open lines on the board.
And we had a first hour that was desperate.
And once we all messed up.
And since then, we've had shocking calls.
Shocking.
Very true.
Including Jim from Specs in John Hambone, and God only knows he'll be calling in the next two hours.
Of course, we're not too excited about it.
Because any minute peppers is going to be coming with lunch.
Which has become kind of like a thing on the show now.
So Johnny came through.
Like Johnny came through.
That's all the...
Johnny can call Boka a line or the Palm Beach line.
True.
Or he can pay for it, okay?
No, Boka's open, right?
Well, he can call Boka.
I know.
On the Boka line.
And Palm Beach.
Okay.
They're open.
Yeah, come on, Johnny.
Stop being a douchebag.
Oh, well, it's probably real busy.
You're looking for a job.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
You know what?
Yeah, right.
Oh, this is filler to news.
Is that what this is?
And now, here's Grace Slick for Flintstone, right?
Ha, ha.
You know, when I was on the road with Jefferson Airplane in his 60s, I chased a lot of white rabbit.
And I usually chase them with scotch.
Hey, but I don't get high anymore.
Now I like to get Flintstone.
I just dropped a couple of bays or dinos before a concert and soon I'm getting a buzz on
vitamin and minerals.
Just like that modern, stone age family down the street.
Now when the white knight is talking backwards, I know my turn tables probably just in reverse.
So when the men on the chess board get up and tell you where to go, tell him you're going
for some Flintstone vitamin.
And remember, what will you always say?
Ha, ha, ha.
Keep your breath.
Ha, ha, ha.
Keep your breath.
Ha, ha, ha.
Yeah.
I thought it was the record.
Isn't it great that I thought it was the recorders.
We too bad we don't have the cue sheets.
Ha, ha.
We're going to have a lot more about that later, much later, including the Reverend Pat Mahoney
is going to be on for the 82nd time this week.
It's shocking.
Sports talks, sunny and joe with Lou Gorman, GM of the Boston Red Sox.
And boy, thank God we don't have anybody from the Yankees on.
And then we got Bush Bing Bang just briefly, but now and a half is all we can take in the
Yankee game at Oakland is at 935.
So that's pretty much the agenda.
That's the way it, the lay of the land as they say.
And Scott Sanderson's pitching for the Cubs today.
So some of us are going to be rushing out having dinner at moms tonight.
Ah.
Well, you know how we have to kind of arrange these things.
Priority games.
Anyway, April War of the Miss here with a new WIOD news.
That ought to get a lot of guys perked up right on the edge of their seats.
And then we'll be back with the Moore and probably with lunch.
Ha, at about 1205, we sure wish you could be here to enjoy that delicious
mouthwatering Mexican food from peppers, but better rest than you, I guess, huh?
Oh, it's so hard to keep a hip sound.
Get me my wheelchair.
Wish my face was a rear-wheel.
I'm so grateful.
It's kind of reclean, unstraightenable.
Father, I'm so just horrible.
Get me my wheelchair.
Wish the whole of the ocean only.
And I'm really so very so, boy.
It is so long to be in the woods of my hair.
My naked mind needs a cane to lay out.
Grab my dancers and then put them into creases.
You still look sharp when we were last, but if you think that we look really bad,
check keys with your sounds that's truly sad.
Get me my wheelchair.
And voice the shots, but I'll still sell a million.
I'm fine, cause it sounds good next to Bob's Hillin'.
Even now that we've made it killing, get me my wheelchair.
Get me my gear, son.
My kale vector.
He doesn't like to get to make it.
Wish my world to lose the world.
I haven't done any of these.
That is hard to believe.
Anyways, 12-O-A to W-I-O-D and our friends are here with the food.
Yes, pepper.
Pepper is shocking from peppers, which is right up the street behind the place for steak if we can mention that.
And look at that.
We got chicken burritos.
And beef fajitas.
And rice and beans, who not?
No beans for me.
My dogs get real up.
And beef fajitas and quesadillas and all kinds of sauce.
Oh my gosh, shrimp and jalapeno fajitas.
That sounds like orgasmic.
And chicken fajitas.
And lots of food here today.
So we'll kind of like sort it out first and see what's left over the peon.
Wow.
You guys went crazy here.
Thank you very much.
Well, listen, the feeling is mutual when you're feeding us like this.
Is there soup?
Tortillas soup.
Tortillas soup.
Tortillas soup.
That sounds right up my alley.
Tortillas soup.
I think I once had tortillas soup was excellent.
So we're ready for a little lunch now so you guys out there in the audience.
So eat your hearts out.
We're eating great food.
You're eating your hearts out.
Are there some fulened over there too by any chance?
What?
Inside?
No, these look like forks to me unless they're making spoons in a new shape now.
These look like forks.
Anyway, it's not...
Ooh, what the hell is that?
Oh my god.
Let me just take a peek at that.
Mmm.
Wow.
Just tell Sandy.
Oh my god.
Okay.
Was she trying to scoff it up before you brought it back here no doubt?
Now she's all right.
She just going through, change your life.
That is what I do.
This is just...
I can't even believe this.
See, what I'm going to do...
I mean, it's kind of ridiculous but what I do is I eat this stuff without the tortilla.
I just eat this.
I understand that.
But I don't want to gain all that weight back that I lost.
This is fattening.
This is not.
Right?
That sounds good.
It sounds good.
Okay, trust me.
Just agree with me.
Boy, this is tremendous gentleman.
You have really outdone yourself.
There's kind of a little early birthday celebration for you right?
Right, first of all, the moon.
And now we got enough food from peppers to chili army.
Wow, this is incredible.
And in fact, we got probably some spoons back here or somewhere.
We had a million spoons yesterday for the soup.
Ten past noon at WIOD.
It's lunchtime at the moldy.
He's not all right.
We got spoons.
We got forks.
We got it all here, man.
When you got as much food coming in as we do every day, you got enough utensils to...
A little sour cream.
Ooh, not for me.
Ooh.
Not quite.
That's the only thing I don't like is guacamole.
But I'm sure you love it, don't you?
Sure.
Okay, just pour it on his head.
And here's Nick probably got some spoons.
Look at this.
We got utensils that haven't been made yet for dishes that haven't been cooked.
Yeah, there we go.
Look at that little soup spoon.
We got that tortilla soup, just a little cup, perhaps.
I don't want to be pushing or anything.
Look at this.
We got a call from Halt and City, Texas.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay. How you doing, everybody?
All right.
I called you from Jupiter a couple of weeks ago and told you I was moving out here.
From Jupiter?
Yeah.
Now in Texas and probably after that on Uranus, right?
Could be.
Well, that tortilla is out here.
We're out here having like last blood watching.
That's it.
You know, all this kind of stuff.
How are things down there?
Hey, things down here are as boring as ever, pal.
It's just terminal.
Okay, but we got an exciting lunch from Pepper.
We got some Mexican food going to spice up our life a little.
You know what I mean?
Hey, the cockroach radio really needs to be lightened up around here.
Yeah, I'm sure they got some real great liberal voices out there in Texas.
I like it, Halt and City.
Oh, boy.
Aside from the religious.
I heard it's so good out there you have to put a sheet over your radio before you turn it on.
Is that true?
That's true.
Yeah.
It's state law.
No doubt about it.
Well, I just wanted to say, hey, and.
Okay, listen, say hi to John Tower for us too.
Okay.
Okay.
And tell them to have one on us.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
Put a pin in the map for me.
Okay, you got it.
Bye.
This is great, gentlemen.
This is phenomenal.
Are you already?
Look at that.
He didn't waste any time.
He just digs right in.
Right into it.
And goes nuts.
What are you eating now?
Shrimp?
Shrimp and what?
How opinion.
Yeah, yeah.
He is.
A little hot.
I like it.
A little hot side.
That's why the steam is coming out of your ear.
That's right.
Thank you, gentlemen.
This is a tremendous and we can't thank you enough.
Believe me.
Okay.
Good to see you.
Keep it up.
So to speak.
Okay.
It's a 12-pass new to WID.
Speaking of food, before I sink my teeth into all of this fantastic stuff, we want to tell you about another one of our favorites.
1237 at WIOD.
Were they sure I made quick order?
A lot of this stuff, didn't they?
They just went nuts.
Right?
Good.
Well, that is good.
Yeah, we don't want to have a lot of stuff left over.
Just Steve is another one of those abortion shots.
We don't want his guests to lose their appetite.
You know what I'm saying?
Okay, we have an open line in Dade County 751 WIOD.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hi there.
Yeah.
Great show.
Really?
Every routine that you have is terrific.
Every routine?
Every routine.
Okay, play in the records.
Play in the tapes.
Play in the cards.
Yeah.
Hello?
I'm out of material.
Okay, well now I know why you're so easy to play is good luck to pal.
Wow, the guys laughing too much that lady in the back sir.
I had to cut you short.
The lady will go nuts.
Now excuse me while I extend my long cord.
Where are you going?
Well, I just want to see if there's anything left.
Oh, because what I had was delicious but it not constitute everything, no?
Well, like here's a what?
Look at this.
These sluppers are back for more now.
They're out of their minds.
Ooh, rice and beans.
No, I don't think I'm going to participate in that.
What's in the, is there anything in there?
Oh, yeah, I'm going to stop there because there's nothing fanning there.
That's great.
It must have been tremendous because the newsroom is back for seconds now.
Brad going nuts.
Incredible.
Oh, look at that.
I just munged all over myself and all over the floor and all over everywhere.
It's okay, I got it just a little bit.
Just a little, just a little thing.
Not too bad.
Okay, it's 12.39 at WIOD at all food radio.
I think we could start a new format from this, don't you?
Just eating all day long.
Different, we have different places coming in like for breakfast.
And lunch and dinner and snack places.
And we get our ice cream places in the evening.
Not a bad idea.
And then during Bush BingBang, we could like bring in arsenic and stuff.
Okay, 21-1.
Let's get serious.
Let's start doing a radio show here, okay, when I'm through eating.
Which is going to be a while.
Yeah, I'm munged on my beautiful trousers like there.
But I saved it from hitting the floor.
I wouldn't want to get Steve Apple Plactic, you know, because he's got a heavy, heavy abortion show on today,
which is very unusual on a cane show.
By the way, the guy called me back.
You know, the fellas have brought the food from peppers.
And he forgot to call Dwight and Tim, the owner is douchebag.
He got for them.
And we just did it.
Now, is there some more?
Is there another fork anywhere?
I'm sure there are.
I, like I said, I, here's one right here.
Well, this must be my lucky day.
I should go out to the track and plunge my brains up.
But I'm not going to.
Mm-hmm.
Because I got to see that Cubs game boy.
It's going to be heavy, duty day.
And what Scott Sanderson pitching will need all the help we can get.
Anyway, so this is the chicken fajita without the tortilla.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, with the onions and peppers and tomatoes.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Is this bad real?
We do have an open line in Dave County still.
I don't know why I'm.
We've taken at least four calls today, have we?
Including one from John Hamburg.
Excuse me.
It was interesting hearing from John.
You know, they have a real interesting, but it was marginally interesting.
Sonsky has a column in the hero.
Oh.
Morning, Steve Sonsky about NBC's new fall shows that will be on John Hamburg stations.
The best John Hamburg station down in the Hanoverts station.
You didn't know?
But the most interesting one is called, you'll be able to relate to this.
It's called Nut House.
I mean, a new fall show.
Mm-hmm.
Beyond the Wednesday night.
Mel Brooks put this together with...
I love Mel Brooks.
Yeah, with Alan Spencer who did Sledgehammer, which a lot of you.
Of course, Leachman will be in it.
Harvey Cormin will be in it.
Well, here's somebody in a grove who can't afford to wait.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
What does that mean?
You can't afford to wait.
I love my lunch break and, you know, I'll do it.
Oh, okay.
Oh.
How are you guys doing today?
Well, I was kind of in the middle of something.
Go ahead.
I'm sure you're...
I saw a sense of urgency on the screen with his call.
Yeah, well, I had to speak to you.
It was never caught before.
And I just thought it was time.
Time for one.
Then I call you once in a while.
Mm-hmm.
Then I call you for one third.
What?
What?
Did you call once in a while?
Forget it.
Okay, go ahead.
Ha-ha-ha.
Well, that was ridiculous.
I don't even know what that was.
What was that?
You know, I don't know.
Well, it was from the grove.
Doesn't that answer the question?
Yeah.
First, we have that.
And then I see Bill Wise in front of me.
Oh, the day this is.
Would you like some food?
He's up there.
Because we played all that great music this morning
and their numbers are...
Here he comes.
Yeah.
Would you like some food?
Sleep over a GTR, man.
Bill?
Would you like some food?
When we played Judas Priest, he was nervous.
But when we followed it with Led Zeppelin, he was just foaming it up now.
He was.
Go ahead.
But anyway, I was reading over some of these other shows.
One's called.
This is about FMB and dead in this part.
What do you think about that?
What is that crap?
Oh, we don't want to play dirty stuff in here.
Go take that next door.
Mom has got a squeeze box.
Squeeze this.
Will you?
Get out of here.
TPR and that TPR?
Well, listen to that good signal, too.
Get in the building.
Get in the building.
Pick it up.
Wow, we're pretty far from the antennae, you know, from the stick.
Get it out of here.
We don't play filthy stuff like that on AM.
No.
Would you like some food?
There he goes.
Well, no.
Mad man, huh?
Out of the house.
Squeeze this, okay?
Boy.
What a potty mouth.
Wash your...
Well, CD player out with chlorox.
Go ahead.
That was a lot better than what I was doing.
Well, I know.
I forgot what you're doing already.
About NBC's new show.
How's talking about the new show, Brooks?
Yeah, that's the nut house, which I thought you'd like to read on it.
Oh, I see.
Yeah, I'm fitting in right now.
But some of these others, one's called Day Watch with Parker Stevenson, another one.
Day Watch?
Another one is called Hardball.
It'll be on Friday nights.
But I was reading the little description of all these and it reminded me of Network.
It sounded just like a network.
Now, here's one called Mancuso FBI.
It will be on Friday night with Robert Lode.
Lode, you know?
Yeah, that's a taped in Batavia, New York, Mackenzie.
He reprises his role as Nick Mancuso, a crusty, dedicated FBI agent.
A crusty, buffaniac.
Who hates bureaucracy, but can't resist intriguing, baffling crimes.
Now, doesn't that sound exactly like the description of the shows when they did it in Network?
That was all.
That's the thing.
All we need is Faye Dunoway to come in here and read that.
But in that house, it looks real promising.
Mel Brooks doing a TV show.
It'll be on Wednesday nights at 9.30.
That's exciting.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Whatever you say.
Well, John Hambrick, I'm sure, is very excited today.
Mm.
So anyway, it's a 1244 just to get even with Spike Wies.
What goes on in the apartment next to mine?
It gets loud in the middle of a night?
Well, they crank that music as high as it will go.
And it sounds like Metallica.
Well they have long hair and lots of tattoos. You can see in them and they like to use me a bride.
The music is so fast and it's so loud. Oh they say they're the Metallica.
Suppose a snake is turned it down so I could give some sleep once the walls are shaped.
The feet just fall on it. I don't like that.
Anyway here's an interactive but it's a demo. This interactive demo is an example of how this might sound on your station.
We hope not. Let's call Cubs Broadcaster and future holophamer Harry Carey.
Got this number right here.
Touch this.
Harry Carey. Cubs Broadcaster.
Here's the phone is ringing. Waiting for Harry.
Oh hello Harry.
Oh get it everybody this is Harry Carey. The Cubs and I will be home on their 16th and 17th.
Well now yeah well then we'll be back on the road and home on the 20th.
In the meantime when you hear the tone.
The first person's tone is it? No. Anyway when you hear the tone just leave a message and I'll get back to you.
And remember any reprocase reproductions or other uses of the description of this recorded message is strictly prohibited.
So there it is. It might be. It could be. It is the tone.
Oh my god. So are everybody.
Harry I know they're putting you in the hall of fame this year but if you don't start taking your medications they'll be putting you in another kind of institution.
Bye bye. Call you later thanks.
Yeah well that demo don't you like the way they do those? Those are interactive. Those are heavy duty.
My favorite. Interactives.
So to me it was soon that somebody gave me a diet soda again.
Wouldn't it? Probably.
Because it happened like two days in last week.
Yeah. Because I'm almost out. I'm almost out of my little tiny thing.
You don't want to push it.
Well you know since we feed the whole building I assume that maybe just once in a great while I could impose upon them do.
Well we'll see we'll see what happens if somebody comes rushing up here with a diet coke or not as a case maybe.
We won't we won't feel bad. We just won't give you any more food.
Miami hello. Hey Neil how you doing? Great.
Glenn happy birthday. Thank you so much. What a lunch today.
Yeah sounds like you had a good time.
Shocking. I want to check that place out one day.
Great. All right listen first of all I just spend Glenn and with that lady they called and didn't like the laughing and the cackling.
Uh huh. Oh I happen to like it you know.
Other times you don't understand you know they don't see what's going on there in the studio that you find funny.
I mean.
Well it's an interesting thing to complain about always find that fascinating.
I don't have depressing lives. They don't want to laugh.
Obviously yeah obviously.
I don't imagine complaining about laughing just amazed me.
Sad lives.
I guess. I guess it's pathetic.
I guess we should be glad we're not like that I guess.
I don't know. I don't know what to think about it.
Never know when laughing.
Yeah.
Anyway listen I like this new Pura rejoins. Is real short one.
That's my that's my doing now sir that's part of my floor mat.
They're really great. I like them.
That's good. Right away you know.
I'm glad we got your stamp of approval.
Yeah good.
I saw Peter Boer and he said he liked to get it on the GTR pool.
You know when the car will even.
I got this for you may see Peter Boer at the bottom of the GTR pool pretty soon.
I don't doubt it. I don't doubt it.
One more thing for it go.
Does Rob blow?
Have a nice day sir.
1254 at WIOD we have an open line in date.
751-9463-751-WIOD.
This is the Piyasik.
I think it had a couple of concoctions.
I'm creaky elevator on a red carpet.
I'm going to be a notion.
Right up and forth.
There isn't a single thing that I want to do.
I'm not interested.
Oh.
Gotta get me a minute.
Got to get me a minute.
Gotta get me a minute.
Oh.
I'm not interested.
Get me a minute.
This is the GFW driving a truck full of water.
I found a sign of a record.
Oh, and I'm dreaming.
I'm taking a city subway.
Oh, and I'm just being fired.
Just shoot me out of a circus.
Can't believe this light has come.
Gotta get me a minute.
Oh, I'm gonna get me a minute.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Gotta get me a minute.
Oh.
Gotta get me a minute.
Can no one love this night?
It's something I'll get you.
It's never about to end.
I love a man who is wrong.
No, I'll go out.
Love a man who's crazy.
Can no one keep him alive?
I'm burning my skin.
I'm scared of him.
I'm being crushed by a man.
I'm dreaming of him.
I'm from the sea.
I'm going to hold him.
I'm scared of him.
I'm not interested.
Girl.
Oh.
I'm not interested.
And I'm just interested.
And God is just being a woman.
Oh.
I've got to get you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know I could fly to steamboats.
I'm moving side.
I'm broken, I'm so sorry, you're missing
I'm trapped in sexy, I'm in a fit, I'm hot and I'm alone
I don't really care, I'm not a stupid girl
I'm not a stupid girl, I'm not a stupid girl
I'm not a stupid girl, I'm not a stupid girl
So, just a person that can't hit your brain
Still, your heart will explode
Can't stop it, and the bird can still feel your eyes
I'm feeling no tomorrow
You know, I still drive back
I'll deliver the scene, I'm trying to focus
Baby, all summer, me, I push the spoon over
I do the ABC, a rich show of thoughts that it's all the same need.
I got to get to it, yeah.
I got to get to it, yeah.
I got to get to it, yeah.
Okay, here comes the definitive story on the album from Mr. Music in there from Nick.
I've got subway walls as good, but the rest of the album is still erotic.
The real-time record on here is a classic.
This is a great record right here.
It's a sensation.
Well, all these great background vocals and everything.
I bet you and the night's good still is great too.
Do you think they'll play any of this on that?
They won't play it anywhere in this market, okay?
Because this market sucks when it comes to music, okay?
Yeah, but what about on W?
You are M-L.
Oh.
Only if they can talk over the last half.
They do talk ups and talk outs.
By the time they get done, there's like about 25 seconds of music left on WR and...
Close, just like that.
That's how they do.
They step on it.
They do.
This is right out there.
What?
Now this is called the talk through, man.
Yeah, talk through.
Whoa, time out, we first came.
Okay, well, I'm gonna listen to it in the car in a way home.
I usually listen to Steve, but of course he's doing abortion today.
So now he's gonna listen to something to listen to.
Great album.
It's Dion and it's called Yo Frankie.
Yo, yo, on a wrist of records.
And little did I know when we started today, we'd be playing Yo.
Little did I know.
Thanks to Jim at specs.
And of course the perspicacious John Habrick, who's taste in music is almost as good as his taste in women.
Twenty to that, whatever that means.
I thought it's so good.
Twenty-two after what?
A WIOD.
Toyota of Hollywood, boy, they got a deal for you.
Those incredible factory rebates.
You add on top of that all the great savings that they normally pass along.
And then you add on top of that, the extra savings that a lot of car dealers are passing along now.
And you've got what it was now to a fantastic deal.
$2,500 factory rebates on all MR2s, $1,000 to $2,000 rebates on those beautiful Toyota Camrys,
and $1,400 rebates on Toyota pickup trucks.
So for the deal of a lifetime, get in right now to Toyota of Hollywood.
And don't forget the service department throughout the rest of this month continues the WIOD special.
Imagine WIOD, they'll give you an oil change plus filter and a 25 point safety check from top to bottom.
All of that only $9.95.
At the southeast, Numero Uno Toyota dealer Toyota of Hollywood, on 441,
at St. Road 7 between Taft and Sheridan streets in Hollywood.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is the brain.
Any question?
He's an Ozone Provacateur.
Why?
What?
At WIOD, we had to get that somewhere along the line we had to get.
That was a great, yeah.
Captain Dave and Dick Muthaly together in stereo, Pond B, cello.
Hi, how you doing, Neil?
Great fancier.
Well, that's great.
My name's Dick.
From WIOD, we're sporting goods, and we were talking, we just had an incident, a friend of mine,
next door, a alien, Seema Mosquitz.
She went down there, and she was telling me how nasty they are.
You remember what you were talking about a couple months ago?
Seema Mosquitz?
Yeah.
Huh?
She went down where?
To the bagel place.
Maryam's bagel place, where you eat?
What?
What are you talking about?
I remember you said how nasty those old ladies are down at that bagel place.
I never ate it any bagel place.
It's entering in a bagel place in my life.
Oh, you're kidding.
No.
You were always talking about it.
I think you're...
Are you having hallucinations?
I think...
Yeah, maybe.
I think you probably had too many prune homontage at the poor time, and it's kind of carrying over.
Anyway, is that possible?
That's possible.
Why didn't it be possible?
Yeah.
I just wanted to know, did you ever eat at the cellmost pizza?
All the time, it's great.
I just spoke with Steve, and he told me to tell you, because we're trying to get you in here,
to come here and make an appearance at the White World Sporting Goods,
and he said to invite you to his new grand opening in Plantation.
Yeah, that's right up the street for me.
That's by my old wind dixie.
Right, so...
And, you know...
When is that going to be?
They just opened, but he said, yeah, they were really packed and everything.
But he told me to tell you, or ask me to tell you,
to invite you to come here anytime.
Oh, that's great. I'll be there. I love the cellvos.
Their food is great, and they're super folks.
Yeah.
And, are you in any sports at all?
Am I in to any sports?
Have you ever heard this show, sir?
Well, meeting sports is yourself.
He means part of the business.
Oh, I'm sorry.
We are physically here to cup everything out.
Got it.
I'm in to mind, wrestling.
Mind wrestling.
Well, I'll tell you, anytime you need anything,
you can feel free to come in here and have a free-for-all.
Okay.
It's not good to me.
We're right across from the Bradwood mass, so...
Why do I want this bodyguards to get to, okay?
We're right across from the Bradwall, like, on which...
On the east side of the university?
I got it. Right over there by the one restaurant there,
where they have the armpits for the eye-gunnestand we've ever had.
Right.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay, thank you.
See you.
Whoa. That was pretty shocking.
127 and WIOD. We have an open line in Palm Beach.
655 WIOD. I'm trying to just relax now,
because all of that hot spicy, the Mexican food was great.
And then, of course, the tortilla soup, kind of like,
is churning it all up there.
And I'm just trying to sit here and just let it all,
kind of, perfectly, you know, and just kind of mellow out.
You know what I'm saying?
Kind of.
And hope that it just stops gurgling a little bit.
Well, it was great. It was really tremendous.
And Thursday, Hank's going to be here. It's the Bird's Birthday,
so we hope that people out there who, like,
bake cakes and stuff like that.
Well, I don't know what you're laughing about.
Well, God, you know, you have a giant party here on Thursday, okay?
I'm sure it will be.
A big show-offation, maybe even boom, boom, the show-off.
Let's hope not.
God knows who.
Miami, hello.
Hey, Neil.
And we can invite Johnny Dark to come in.
He's looking for a free meal.
I'm going to ask a question, Neil.
If the bird went to work the motivation station
and they changed the name to W Glenn N.
That's cute.
One more thing I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm,
I'm, what do I ever happen to all of the Glenn with two ends there?
You remember our friend, Joe?
Yeah, sure do.
I wonder whatever happened to Joe, you know?
I guess he's working for the CIA now.
He couldn't, couldn't find anything in my house.
So now he's working for the CIA.
Oh, well.
What, what a deal that was.
Someday I'm going to tell that whole story on here was incredible.
We're shocking.
We're waiting here.
You know what they say about Joe, don't you?
He's an Ozone Provacateur.
Yeah.
We put it on the phone.
We put it on the phone.
We put it on the phone.
We put it on the phone.
I'm glad you're here.
I love, I love these punk kids that call.
And every time you got a wrestler on,
you're like, hey, dust, how you doing, man?
All of a sudden they get like real butch, you know, real macho.
And real like, dust, hey, and dust, he of course is putting his wig back in place.
It's great.
21 till 2, a W-1.
I heard that story.
Dusty was talking about that.
Vellup, she was blonde, you know, and all that.
He didn't say it was a guy though.
Anyway, let's take a few more calls here because we're getting really close to that exciting point of the show
where we say goodbye.
That's the exciting point to me.
Not the lightning round, but what we say goodbye.
I think you're going to.
It's a tremendous feeling of release.
I thought you were going to.
You're going to tell some Dusty Road stories.
Yeah.
Okay.
I don't know anything about Dusty Road, and I'm sure he's a wonderful 12 fellow,
but I think about those professional wrestlers.
Okay, there's still a lot of grappling and grope and going on.
And all of this is a young guy.
It's all a man or so much older.
You know, it's.
It's so anywhere there were these two priests sitting at the bar.
Okay, Steve, today, reaction to that exciting Roe vs Wade NBC TV movie that was on.
Last night, Susan Grickman, pro-choice liberal, Melissa Don, pro-choice conservative,
Reverend Pat Mahoney of the Florida Rescue, making another guest appearance for the 400th time this month.
And Attorney Barry Silver joins the Frey at 4 p.m. for a veritable verbal brawl and fist fight.
The Frey?
The Frey?
She joins the joy of the foe.
Okay.
And then on Sports Talk, Joseph Gackie and Sonny Hirsch together in stereo with Lou
Garman, general manager of the Red Sox, who will explain to us why all his players are so ugly.
And then a little bit of Bush Bing Bang, followed by Yankee baseball against the A's in Oakland at 935.
So we got some kind of lineup, WIOD tonight.
We can't say what kind, but we got some kind of lineup.
Pemberpine, cello.
Hold for the lightning round.
Okay.
How many is that?
Four-letter, hello.
Hello, I'm holding it for the lightning round.
Okay, don't hold too tight now.
Where are we going?
Ready?
Palm Beach.
West Palm Beach?
Uh-uh.
West Palm Beach isn't even smart enough to hold for the lightning round.
They don't know what they're holding up there.
Miami, hello.
Loneal, I think I think you'll like this.
Listen carefully.
I'm listening.
You're a mother feson plucker.
You pluck mother feson.
Yeah.
Why 41?
That's as far as I'm going with that.
Okay, it was fine at that point, but that's a zero.
It's almost the end of the show and I'm not taking my life in my hands.
Bokeh, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
The Dion sounds like a hit.
Yeah.
It sounds really good.
I predict.
I predict why 100 will be playing Gotta Get You by August 1st.
Why 100?
Yep.
By August 1st of what?
Where does that come from?
Which year?
They made me play in the Hungarian Rhapsody's by August 1st if they keep dropping.
I've got a W-O-L-D spy report.
They got a new format over there.
It's called Drop Like a Rock.
I got an O-L-D spy report for you.
Okay.
They're broadcasting over life phones.
Oh, that's cute.
That is really cute.
Is Bill Wyzen the room?
I know.
Thank God he's not.
He can't handle when he hears all this new good music, man.
He just runs for the hills.
I got some great music for him.
I want him to add.
Yeah.
But thanks.
Okay.
See ya.
Bye.
Passing.
What did that mean?
I'm just asking.
I just lost him there at last little thought.
142 at W-O-L-D.
Too bad somebody doesn't come in here clean out this garbage, you know?
We don't want to ask for much.
But we do have several large waste baskets and it would be nice that people would come in and eat all this stuff if they would just assist us and get you rid of the garbage.
And it's not a big deal.
In fact, maybe they would like bring one of those waste baskets and slap it in here.
One that's not filled.
And just toss these few remaining things in here because my waste basket's full to the brim.
And I feel kind of guilty every day anyway because the time Steve comes in here, nothing is like it's overflowing because when I started, it's two thirds full.
Don't you think maybe we could afford a little bigger waste basket than this little crappy thing we got under here?
Like one in the corner behind that potted plant or something that, you know, big enough to throw all the schmutz out in so we don't have to keep getting Dorothy apoplectic in the newsroom.
I don't see anybody rushing into the garbage.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Let's see if this is a fault for him.
Wait a minute.
Oh.
Look at that.
Would you, just just this stuff here would be so nice.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Now don't let Dorothy get hysterical if you put it in the newsroom way back to Dorothy.
Thank you, Dorothy.
Dorothy goes nuts.
Yeah, she gets really good.
143 at WIOD for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neal, how you doing?
Great.
Yeah, I think I know the song you're looking for beyond there.
Yeah.
Colp teenager and love.
That's a song that you've got that Twinkle Twinkle.
What's the one that I just played?
No, it's not.
It goes Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.
Oh, I wonder.
Is that it?
Yeah, that's it.
All right, let me get it out of here.
Just see if you love the song.
Listen, it feels a little bit down.
Wait a minute.
But just a second.
He wants to hold up the light.
Hold up the tree.
But just relax a second.
Don't get hyper on me, okay?
Okay.
I mean, life is more than just the lightning one.
Of course, when you live in this town, it's not much more than lightning around, but I can't help that.
I'm doing my best.
Which one did, oh, I played Lonely Teenager Teenager in love.
Oh, mother.
Do you want to get it straight?
Come on.
Yeah, get it straight.
Hold on, okay.
You're a great American, sir.
Thank you so much.
I think he's right.
Wow.
This doesn't have a little Twinkle Twinkle.
But this is a big hit.
That's the name of the song.
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.
Oh.
This, on the other hand, is Teenager in love.
Each time we have a quark, it almost makes us fall.
Right.
Oh, this is got nothing to do with love.
It's great to hear again.
No, well, it is.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
No, why?
Love you like I don't know.
No, why do?
I don't know.
This is what a Nick's favorite.
No, why do?
See, you don't understand.
Nick knows nothing about Philly music.
Okay.
This is Ernie Morescar and Dion and all these little,
all these Italian kids from Philly.
Are we talking, excuse me, about that before?
He was asking us about that.
Yeah, they're from all over the world.
It's Sean Hanna.
No, it's not Sean.
Yeah, they ripped it off from Sean Hanna.
He's kids today.
Pathetic, isn't it?
Well, you know, the only kids we have is embarrassing.
Tell me why.
I have stars in the sky.
I'm saying.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
Come on.
So with Adion and a couple of really big hits.
Come on, little angel.
I got those at home somewhere.
Oh, I love Come on, Little Angel.
Amazing.
Is anybody over at Specks got the bell months?
Not the deal, but the bell.
I like Come on, Little Angel.
What was the other one?
I need someone.
Those were the two big ones.
I need someone and come on, Little Angel.
They were great.
Come on, Little Angel was tremendous.
It was orgasmic.
It was so, it was just a great record.
Anyway, it's 145.
I have no idea what that was.
But like I told you, a couple of really valuable minutes.
That's a good, marvelous.
Thank you, sir.
I know you're holding and thank you so much.
Now, Twinkle Twinkle Little Star is the name of the record.
Not a little star.
That's by the elegance.
And also, of course, the diamonds destroyed it.
They ruined it.
But Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.
And he says whatever the line is,
that Paul Simon sings in a Southern song, which I'm going to go nuts.
I'm going to listen to this whole album on the way home,
which has got to be, oh, you know something?
Uh-oh.
Oh, boy.
Well, you see what happened.
I got to get gas.
You got the wrong car.
Don't you know what you're saying?
No.
Oh, good.
Oh, my car.
I'm not some kind of schmarel, some kind of memory.
What's the problem?
I got to get gas.
Oh.
And I don't, I see I was too lazy to get gas this morning coming to work.
And you know how in my Corvette, I got one of those digital things
where it shows you how many miles I've left.
How many?
I got, well, it varies depending on the mileage that you're getting.
So once I get on a turnpiker on 95, if it's clear sailing,
and you're getting about 24, 25 miles to a gallon, it goes up.
Yeah.
I got, I think, 37 miles left.
And I think it's about like 40 miles from here to my house.
Should I chance it?
Because you know, when the Cubs are playing, I get like a bad out of hell.
And fact, yesterday I got home just after the Clandon hit the three-road homer
and Dave said it's three to nothing.
And I thought, I just, and that was, and the Cubs only scored one more run
to hell with rest of the game.
Now, I thought the same guy that started all the radio.
Gorgeous.
My Clandon.
W4 and then in Dallas, he had a big slave for the Cubs.
He planned for the Cubs.
Well, anybody can hit for the Cubs now.
But I can do better than Mitch Webb's.
Well, that Gordon.
And then Gerald Perry for the Braves had had over 35 a streak
and then the best way to break a bad streak is to play against the Cubs.
He batted twice.
He pinched.
He better got to walk in a single.
So when you're in a bad streak, just play against the Cubs
and you'll break out of it, okay?
147 at W.I.D.
We're going to get into lightning round, which I guess we must.
But if you guys need a little help knowing what the lady in your line,
I think we ought to do the other one, don't you?
Oh.
If flowers in a bottle of wine make your lover smile,
imagine what a gift from Patrick.
Just out of spite because I knew where the pin would go on a thing.
And we were on I-94 in Michigan, headed for the track.
And I pulled off the exit.
In fact, in fact, it sputtered on the highway and spelled out.
And I started it again and it started up.
He was screaming.
And I pulled off the exit.
There was a shell station and I pulled in and just,
and I coasted to the point.
And it stopped right at the top.
And this guy would just hysterical.
And my former sales manager in Kalamazoo.
Anyway, let's get with this now.
Oh.
8 County, hello.
Yeah.
What is that?
Oh, I don't know.
Oh, whatever it was, you're so well, pal.
Dead, hello.
That's what that was exciting as Tom Denver.
That was good.
Okay, hello.
Steve Kane and sales is on that version.
And the douchebag.
We got a computer doing douchebag stories.
That's great.
Yeah, that's great.
Tommy Chelo.
Hello, doctor.
Take my temperature.
Broward, hello.
Bird.
I'm crying over here.
Dead County, hello.
Los Cots, Mama.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
That was all right, I guess, or some truth to that.
Broward, hello.
Don't be a baby.
153 of WIOD.
No more forward language comments.
Okay, all in English today.
All right, I know what that would mean.
All in English, please.
Boy, these guys.
We have to wait for the delay.
Yeah, we got the new ethnic lightning line.
Yeah, I was downstairs.
I think they hear the show in the building.
Pre-delay.
Do you know that?
Well, that's good.
They probably get to the level.
They do.
Well, that's great.
You hear the good stuff that they get to get down here.
They get to get the good stuff.
Broward, hello.
Is it true that WIOD was really late?
Can't enjoy.
Yes.
Yeah.
Okay, hello.
Mike Disney is a douchebag.
Tell us something we don't know, sir.
Broward, hello.
Come on, Glenn.
Give us a chuckle.
Let's see.
WIOD and F and Tampa just added two cuts from the Dion album.
Really?
King of New York streets, which we haven't even heard yet.
We just heard a little bit of that.
We don't have the subway walls.
That's the subway wall.
AOR station.
Yeah.
Wait a while.
You see an S.
Yeah, how about that spike?
Get with it.
Start playing some goddamn music on that station over here next door.
Will you?
You blew it on Orbison.
Exactly.
You blew the Roy Orbison cut.
It was only number one AOR in the country.
And what?
And what?
Maybe now hop on Dion.
So to speak.
Dave County, hello.
Hello, good to you.
Yeah.
Oh, it's the young Lightning round.
Broward, hello.
Little Tom Jr. there.
Dave County, hello.
Danny Pate is a bitch.
That's the word around here, sir.
Bokeh, hello.
I'm this doctor.
I'm glad that I can help her.
King Michael.
Boy, since they let him out of the trunk, he's never been the same, hasn't?
Broward, hello.
Yeah, it's a trap.
Danny.
Broward, hello.
I'm dying over here.
Nice reading, sir.
That was shocking.
Nice reading.
Boy, that was very impressive.
I'd hire him right away.
Dave County, hello.
That was good.
You ran out of time, sir.
Broward, hello.
Hey, sometimes you feel happenup, sometimes you don't.
Dave County, hello.
Pick your shop and a boat on a river with Daddy Dave.
Well, they are really what happened off from yesterday and the day.
I guess they really woke up in a big way, didn't they?
Yesterday they were in a coma today.
They're doing a Mexican tap dance.
A must of them food from peppers.
Dave, hello.
Hello, listen, tell me real quick, who is the who is the what?
What was the whip?
Ponder, hello.
Hello, me.
Do you have my thunder mug?
Call from Winmore.
Thunder mug, yeah, as in Vot.
Broward, hello.
Hollywood, Hollywood guards with douche bags.
Dave County, hello.
Dave, say the cleaning Italian of the vinegar.
How do you like the levels of buzzes?
How do you put that in machine three?
Number one is the levels on these things are all over the place.
Dave County, hello.
Neil, you really been buggering me.
My luck, I pressed one.
I just put the thing in machine three.
Must be an omen about that.
Boca, hello.
I am the Boca Buca.
Well, thank God we get to the end.
A day without him would be like a day without Hartford.
Where's the door, lady?
Palm Beach, hello.
My name is Joe Martin.
I love to get a dorsi.
Broward, hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
It's just a high date.
Oh, God.
It's slower than molasses.
Dave County, hello.
This is Joe Povacu, any call?
This is Joe Povacu, sir.
Boca, hello.
Boca.
I really, Wally Doodle, all day.
Yeah, we missed that again today.
Can you believe it?
Two days in a row, we missed out on Willie Nelson.
One moment, please.
Did we get fired in real quick?
I wonder they sound a little bit distraught.
Okay, probably the level will be real low.
Wally Wally Doodle, all day.
Okay, thank you.
Broward, hello.
You know the difference between sugar apples and...
That's it.
Junior, junior, junior, junior.
Broward, hello.
Shell Sucks.
Get a radio, Shell Bows.
That must have been Trimbleer, Junior, wasn't it?
Boca, hello.
Yes.
Dave County, hello.
Broward, hello.
Dr. I've got the blue balls.
Dave County, hello.
Hey, I'm Tim S. I'm from North Green.
What a couple of calls in a row.
I can't handle again.
Out of control, boy.
He must have that the TV just smoking right now.
Dave, I think I punched two at the same time.
Dave County, hello.
Mitch Webster is an enroer per rocker tour.
That was a stupid outlet.
Was that kind of a surprise, boys?
Yeah.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I've been one of those broken-down cubs fans.
Yeah.
Broward, hello.
Get ready.
W-W-S.
What was it?
This stuff in news, wasn't it?
No, I don't know.
I can't make it up.
Palm Beach, hello.
Okay, what's the bike in there?
What's the bike?
That was Larry King, Jr.
Dave County, hello.
And that's the way it was.
I wish I'd stopped pressing number one, or there's nothing in the machine.
What'll really be great is when the buzzer goes off and there's nothing in there.
Broward, hello.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Oh, that was Rush Limbo, wasn't it?
Yeah, I think so.
Dave County, hello.
Oh, he is this condor.
I think that was young Esther.
It's not just like Esther.
When you're running again in Hylia, Esther.
Broward, hello.
Oh, I'm not, I'm not washing in my back.
Oh, I'm not.
Hombie, chill out.
But my ass is in the swing.
Broward, hello.
Neil, you're a dork.
Oh, you didn't want to let you down.
Thank God.
Big county, hello.
Mommy, show this for the rabbit, terrible.
Help me.
Oh, the Miami shores fan up there.
But we haven't heard that voice in a long time.
Yeah.
Dead county, hello.
If Sally and Jane love it, and Susan Lickman with Dan Ratter.
And finally in Broward.
Hello.
Okay.
Well, that's going to do it here on a wonderful Tuesday.
This is sure a big pick me up from yesterday.
Of course, so would death have been a big pick me up from yesterday.
Okay, Steve has got a four hour abortive show coming up.
It's got to be something.
I'm personally going to be listening to the D.D. in the car.
But you stick around for Steve.
Sports talk, Sunny and Joe and Luke Garman, GM of the Red Sox,
Little Rush Bing Bang and Yankee Baseball.
And then we'll take a full tomorrow on which one is most depressing.
Have a wonderful day.
We'll see you tomorrow morning at 10.
