Hey Mel, I am the recipient of a no-fills breast implant.
The left one is nearly twice the size of the right.
The left one is hard as a bowling ball and the right one has consistency of cheese whizz.
If you touch it, it actually dents.
The first time I was home, my husband was the first to notice.
And when he asked me to turn sideways, I knocked him cold with a big one.
I just got a letter saying the clinic refused all responsibility.
Help me Mel, sign me. That's the large and the small of it and the Rockies.
You know, our staff physician advises me to tell you that whatever you do,
avoid trampling is at all costs.
Mel keeps an attorney on retainer just for these very situations and he assures me
that as soon as he stops laughing, he'll be back to me.
For the life of me, I'll never be able to understand a woman's preoccupation
with trying to change a god-given appearance.
Hey, a little makeup to cover those ugly wrinkles,
a little rouge to put some life into that dead-looking pus, but babe,
if the Lord had won you to have big basomes, they would have sprouted back in high school.
If you really want me to pursue this thing legally, we'll be needing some photographs.
Well, we guys, then again, I could be wrong. They call me Mel.
You gotta be kidding me. Callers said, don't forget him.
Mel is a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's been a man who's
Jumping your ride down 95 behind Canadians and all that job.
Why was it to get to work? Why'd you rush to get there and your boss is a jerk?
Manad平 i pi u
Yeah, it's only there a few bird droppings in it along the way.
It says 10.27, and you're wondering, I can't hang up on him and I can't hang up on him, I can't put him on him, I can't put him on.
Do you care?
In the best.
Well there are all a bunch of winners over there, okay?
I don't want to hear about Jeff.
We're I mean is that boring or what what happened all the living and breathing people that we had out there in this show just as a Friday?
Did they all die over the weekend they all go up to Daytona?
My God well, of course it is spring break somewhere that we haven't any do we talk about spring break here anymore?
Do we don't even dignified by but now it's like starts the 17th I think that's all so but I'm saying do we discuss it in this part of the state
Because doesn't exist it is an totally extinct side of fact like an extinct species out of factor in this part of the day
This is anymore now remember to go on redneck Yahoo's up there in Fort Lauderdale
Let's say hey, we don't want your money here
You're just too young and too much problems and get lost okay along with those fasciates big cops up there all right
All the brown shirts
But you can't cross the street. What is it in Fort Lauderdale? You can't cross the street if you're under 30
Whether without a cup. I mean you just can't cross the street period
You can't be driving with a cup even if it's like coffee. You can't have it
You can't park at the beach after 6 p.m. You can't park at the beach before 6 p.m. I mean you can't do anything over there right?
Can you remember the old days when the college kids used to come in and take over for a motor to
I can remember when you couldn't drive on a one a it was great because you would just you would you would just kind of go in neutral
And just rule along and it would take about an hour and a half to go from one end of the strip to the other and you see all of these incredible people in there
We just it was like body watching okay. We're going into the mall big. It was a great better than the malls
Yeah, it was amazing biggest people watching there was yeah, and most everybody seemed to be having a good time
Then they started passing all these stupid laws and they drove them back into the hotels and the high rises
Because they wouldn't let them do anything outside and some of the kids would get drunk because when you're in college drinking is your major generally
And then they start like you know doing things out in the balcony and jumping off and falling off and things like that
They couldn't figure out why you know, and they're infinite wisdom up there in Fort Lauderdale
I mean you you pop movers and shakers up there in Fort Lauderdale you have got to be the dumbest group in the history mankind
I mean the people on the beach at least some of them are trying okay, they're not succeeding, but they're trying
Even Barbara is trying over there. Okay in her own
Neanderthal way, okay in her own archaic manner
But in Fort Lauderdale they don't even make a pretense of it
They just want to turn it into an outdoor nursing home
So Bob Cox considering it with a you know in a wheelchair out there on a one-a eventually and just sit there rocking back and forth with his silly hair cut
Just look around and have it like it was 50 years ago and even the alligators wouldn't come near
What a pathetic I don't know it's not even worth talking about is it 1046 at W.I.O.D
Let's talk to more food. Okay, if we can't eat it we talk about it. That's our slogan at W.I.O.D
If you can't eat it talk about it
This is sergeant whip good on the metro street patrol with a traffic safety reminder
It may be little, but it can still cause a lot of trouble before you pull it out and stick it in take a close look at it
If you abuse it it gets crooked and bent out of shape and you'll find this time goes by
It doesn't quite fit in which case you might as well just leave it in your pants
I'm talking of course about your car team treat it right and always carry a spare
This is sergeant whip good in the metro street patrol
Oh, yeah one more thing never force it in because if you break it off your driving's done
Child
Oh
So that's sergeant whip good yeah
They're gonna be hurt a lot for me but it's 1051 at W.I.O.D
Okay, Dwayne we're gonna try it once more just remember now introduce yourself and
Read what's on the paper in front of you. Do you got it? Yeah, yeah
Okay fine Dwayne stops substance abuse awareness campaign. This is take nine
Dwayne Wayne as you cue
rat
Anytime you're ready we're ready to wait
Dwayne go
Ha this is Dwayne's dump of black tooth
Kids when you drink and drive no Dwayne no no got cut. It's not when you drink and drive
Oh
Let me do it again. Yeah good idea. This is Dwayne's dump. Yes, they take 10
Ha this is Dwayne's dump when I drink and drive
Got Dwayne got Dwayne this spot is supposed to be against driving while intoxicated
What
Never mind
We'll do it one more time and remember say don't do drugs and if you must drink this holiday we can
Don't drive you got it. No, don't you got it
Fine Dwayne stop PSA take away the 11
Ha I'm Dwayne stop telling you
If you do drugs this weekend don't drive wrong again Dwayne. It's don't do drugs. Don't do drugs
That's what I said. Oh, it's not. It's not even close to what you said you coming this booth. I show you how close it was sheer luck
We're gonna do it again Dwayne
Say don't do drugs if you must drink this holiday we can do not drive
Take 12
This is Dwayne's dump
We cans are for drugs
Do drugs
Okay, Dwayne's thank you very much for coming in. I think with a little editing. We've got something we can use
Don't do drugs and if you must drink this holiday we can don't drive
You know what that sounds like that sounds like the old W's new jingles and things
He's together with Ken or Dean
But you win double yes. How's my ammy my ammy
Anyway, it's 11 away to WYOD. Yeah, we're gonna have a new weather show D 1137 at WYOD
Hey, Mel I'm a sophomore in high school and I fell in love with my science teacher. I live every day for third period
I can't get my mind off it. She's beautiful. Mel everything about her is wonderful
She has softful lips her body is the curvy and all the right places and our glass figure
I can't work on my homework for 10 minutes without daydreaming about her
I know if I told her how I feel she just laughs at me. It's on me infatuated but shy and Charlotte North Carolina
Hey, you know, there's a number of ways to get a retention
Maybe your science project could be models of the male and female genitalia
When you present the project give her a wink and wiggle your tongue at her
Life get who sits in front of you in the back of the head with a closed fist
Which keeps you after school for detention or will be just you and her
I'd love to see the look of her face when you're reaching to your backpack and break out a couple of candles and a six pack
Center of porerite of you and your BVDs
Stuff up there are socks in there for effect over to buy her underwear
Tell her she needs a spanking shake hands with her and tell her she's got a good grip
Offer her money for sex then again. I could be wrong. They call me Mel
Oh
It's a 55
The glow my bright head lights
Is that the neighbor can I see up ahead in the wash of a corner street life
I'm not even they just never see me coming and I guess that's why they say every car has a hole
And I wonder if I'll remember more
Just like every road you
Just leave that the little four door
Every car has a more
Funny past noon at w1ity we're gonna hit him with a really big city
The trough 38 at w at least they hope you'll settle for it anyways, too
All right now listen those of you who were out there
Be 137 I will be
153
So we apologize for the buzz in the background of this tube but nothing's perfect
Okay, that's enough of those I old D. Hi everybody. This is safety officer Mike Tyson heavyweight champion
The world you baddest dude around the baddest driver around too with your driving tip of the day a few months ago
I was in the K-Mart with my ex-wife Robin Givens. I can't believe it
Maybe you read about her in the papers anyway
She buys me one of these two little graphio the cats with suction cup feet which they stuck on the window in my car when we left the store
And the way home I drove into a tree. I can't believe it. Maybe you read about it in the papers
I couldn't see the tree because the damn cat was in my way robin said said I was stupid to stick gargled on the windshield
I mean that's really bitchy to me. I mean call the heavyweight champion the world stupid now that's stupid
So I say I say robin are left and took her out with a clean right hand knocked the right down completely first
Extending a count. I can't believe it
Maybe you read about that in the papers anyway my attitude toward gargled through the cat has really been affected greatly
I mean in fact if I see you driving around with gargled through the cat in your car
I mean you can complete control. I don't know what will happen
Maybe you'll read about that in the papers too. Could be 1054 at W-1. I have as much experience in the Congress
As Jack Kennedy did when he sought the presidency
That serve with Jack Kennedy. I knew Jack Kennedy
Jack Kennedy was a friend of mine
Senator you know Jack Kennedy now you're probably wondering why
Oh
We just cut up the next one okay, it's 1017 at W-1
This is Sergeant Whitwood in the Metro Street Patrol with a traffic safety reminder
If you're a hard driver, what should you be most concerned about?
That's right the rubber on your cars tires
It gets a lot of abuse if you cruise a lot
Always check your rubber before you get in the driver's seat
If it's getting thin you're asking for big trouble maybe a blowout at high speed
Yes, when it comes to rubber safety
I always say if it's worn and thin then trade it in
But if it's thick and wide then you won't slide
This is Sergeant Whitwood go to the Metro Street Patrol
Oh, yeah, one more thing
job
He can go away with work
1039 at WIOD
2012
11 o'clock now that ugly one more is not true that no or had the same guess it's
Well mic mill be hey, Mal I was born with a silver spoon on my mouth
And I feel guilty that I have all this money most people have to slave all their lives to make ends meet
I want to do good deeds and share the wealth as they say my friends think I'm crazy
But I know I'm right what good or wealth enriches if a person chooses not to reject
Help his fellow man sign me first and hell the third
Hey pal you are most definitely my kind of guy and before I say anything else
I want you to know that Mel likes you a lot
Now let's deal with a little problem with yours
There are funds for the homeless funds for the hungry even funds for the sick
But to the best of my knowledge there's only one fund that covers all of the above
It's called the movement for elevated living or Mel
There are open-minded bunches in the respect that they accept cash checks charges
Negotiable bonds jewelry why they'll even let you sign over the mortgage to your home
Send your money to Mel care of this station do it today first and before the devil makes you change your mind
If later on if you have a change of heart Mel guaranteed he's held refund your money and then again
Maybe he won't
They call me Mel
It's a love it oh six and
Oh
Twenty eleven the big city a con cowboy tough determined
smelly
He settled the west with just a horse a gun and a whole bunch of beer our beer
Zeldin Schlock beer when Pat Garrett gunned down Billy the kid they were both filled with our beer
When customer confidently rode into the worst ambush in US military history
He just finished the case of Zeldin Schlock companies now you can enjoy the time on
Address the fee of our founder Papa Zeldin Schlock
Yes, even though it's harder to make beer this way out of the back of a chuck wagon from ingredients we find in the cow pasture
We still do it because well we're stubborn stubborn and backward and like papa just a little bit local
But that's how you get when you're out on the prairie all alone for just a horse and a gun and a whole bunch of beer
Our beer Zeldin Schlock beer
Enjoy a great tradition of the old west getting drunk and shooting up the place with Zeldin Schlock beer
It's 1138 at W.I.O.D. and we got a lady caller in Miami. Hello
For educational the way so perwant to
Oh
I got really a flash my ass a little bit. Okay, it's 10.5. It's 10 to me that really
My ass a little bit 1037 put me on into the Canadian area. Yes, I can't buy the right. There's room on the bus Greg
Here's the little joke
Listen, I heard what Donald said
Remember him oh, it's a good time. Yeah, that's the guy. Hey, listen. I heard I made some kind of a list
Yeah, one of the ugliest baseball players in history
Now that's a new one for you. Is on not clear the Nellrod Hendrix's
Mm-hmm. No way. That's a good one. How about Ena slaughter. Oh god. Who's a good looking guy really? Yep?
I just wanted to check. I wasn't quite sure
Well, you don't look at those ball player spaces anyway. Do you we don't want to ruin your image and get your new wife?
I've said just the numbers. Okay
Looking at those numbers. Yeah, I hear that um, so that's all I wanted to know is that it?
That's it. Well, let me just in closing say govern yourself accordingly. Okay. I'm an invite to my wedding. Okay. Oh, yeah, it doesn't happen yet
No, no yet. What is it? There's no rush. There's no shotgun, you know, okay?
Oh, in other words, they're still hope for Donald right?
There's only a hope for Donald and everybody else in a bit. Okay. All right. Okay. It's yeah
Here's another list uh Larry says Jack Clark baby Johnson Claudelle Washington. Yo, oh,
Okay, no one no sports and South Florida like Rick Weaver Joseph Gackie Sunny Hersh
Hank Goldberg and Jim Mandage join our sports team for sports talk every night at six now more with Neil Rogers on new
talk radio six damn double-view I OD
Okay, well if they don't want those collaters we'll take
I don't care what anybody else says they're just too good to throw out. Oh, no, but they didn't throw them out
They're like you can't do that. I
More of a ball player. Okay, you can do that. You can retire a uniform
But whoever heard a retiring collater never been done. I bet you they retire Zeta when they change format
I'm serious when they start playing those Chinese melody. I bet you they change the call
Nobody else will pick up Zeta cuz VTA
Well, didn't we say at the time? Remember when what's your name?
Kathy Wild West came in and she blew that story on the year and then I'm
Wanda coming in and swearing on a year a couple of times about it
But anyway, uh, I couldn't believe it because those that got to be the worst collaters and of course i95 was just such a natural
It was too good right and the first time that was they to for the original they to for it was w i n z fm
Yeah, that makes too much sense. It's too easy. You remember
Anyways 1026 and w i d and we're real like
We're up to our long distance dedication and this one is about kids and pets and the situation that we can all understand
Whether we have kids or pets or neither it's from a man and Cincinnati, Ohio and here's what he writes
Dear Casey this may seem to be a strange dedication request
But i'm quite sincere and it'll need a lot if he played
Recently there was a death in our family
He was a little dog named snuggles, but he was most certainly a part of let's come start again
From coming out of the record play the record, okay
Please
You see when you come out of those uptempo damn numbers man is impossible to make those transitions
And then you got to go into somebody dying you know they do this to me all the time
I don't know what the hell they do it for but damn it if we can't come out of a slow record
I don't understand it is down on the phone
Okay, I want a damn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a f**king uptempo record every time I do a damn death
dedication
Now make it and I also want to know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week
It's a god last damn time. I want somebody use this in brain to not come out of a damn record
That is that's uptempo and I got to talk about a can draw dying
What is it and Honduras man?
Honduras and Honduras that really are a flash my ass a little bit
Okay, it's 12 minutes after 11 at WIO days. So we give him kind of like a quenilla
You
This is on gen with good in the metro street patrol with a traffic safety reminder
If you're a hard driver, what should you be most concerned about?
That's right the rubber on your cars tires
It gets a lot of abuse if you've cruised a lot
Always check your rubber before you get in the driver's seat
If it's getting thin you're asking for big trouble maybe a blow out at high speed
Yes, when it comes to rubber safety
I always say if it's worn and thin then trade it in but if it's thick and wide then you won't slide
This is on gen with good in the metro street patrol
Oh, yeah one more thing
job
That's about as exciting as Georgia's gaffee
Okay, it's one of those stuff I feel
Sounds a little like Willards
