One, two, three!
Boys, this is going to get somebody upset.
Max, be a big article in the paper tomorrow.
We're taking away that WEDR audience ladies and gentlemen.
Do they play that?
They don't play that anyway, do they?
Marvin and Tammy, it's too...
Well, that is some article in the...
Is it in the Haroldus Morning?
Look at that in the Yokel News section in the Harold radio war,
it's nerve in black Miami, isn't that something?
Big story.
Big story, but Andres Viglucci.
Oh, Andres.
Who was a full brother to America of us butchee, right?
And Andres writes that the people at WEDR are really pissed,
okay, they are not happy.
They're unhappy campers because Hot 105 has the audacity
to be beating the crap out of them in the ratings
and to have all those young black listeners.
Now, somewhere in the Constitution,
it does say that WEDR.
Seriously, doesn't it?
It says in the Constitution that all young black people
must listen to WEDR and if they don't,
it's like some kind of an act of something, isn't it?
Revolving.
Revolving.
That's what they did, it's revolving.
That's exactly what it says.
And the Hots got a night, they've got the audacity
and the Spring Book have a nine share,
and EDR only had a one four.
And it says,
Flyers have circulated in nightclubs and flea markets,
urging blacks to stay faithful to WEDR,
noting Hot 105 shortage of black disc jockeys
and announcers.
WEDR Vice President Jerry Russian says
the station didn't put out the flyers,
but he says Hot 105,
while happy to lure black listeners and advertisers,
provides work to few blacks and contributes little
to their community.
First of all, how many people do you think
could work at that station?
Fifty.
Maybe.
Topps.
On an FM.
Maybe less?
No.
Probably 50.
Yeah.
So do you think that that's the answer to a black
unemployment in South Florida?
No, I mean, the whole thing is such sour grapes
and so ridiculous.
I mean, that's the nature of our business.
Okay, in other words, if they like what's on a hot,
even though I think hot is, sounds pretty weak.
I don't know what that's all about.
But I mean, if they like it and they're listening to it,
it's a free country, okay?
Oh.
This idea that there's some kind of a legion soda,
it's like the same thing with the Spanish language stations,
you know, like there's some kind of a legion soda
and like you're voting for some kind of ethnic heritage
or something by listening to the radio.
People aren't doing that.
They're listening to what they want to hear.
Oh.
Right?
Oh, I see.
Oh.
What a crack a crack, boy.
So they're going to have to go back to the drawing board
and evidently what it says later on in the story.
They've come up with some new format or something.
EDR?
Yeah.
And they're going to really put up to the test.
They are.
Well, I don't.
I don't know what it says.
Anyway, here we are.
Stan Major is going to be along at 11 o'clock this morning
to eat, which is very nice.
Stan can eat with the best of him.
No question about it.
And what a weekend, huh?
I want to thank them.
That's very much from the bottom of my heart.
I want to tell you how much I appreciate personally.
The sweep of the Montreal series took a long time yesterday
and the Cubs mean time.
I'm not, you know, everybody said,
you did a hit a chain to lost at 18 days.
You can't win every day, okay?
They're tied for first place.
And they got three with Montreal starting tonight.
And we'll see.
This will separate the men from the goyum tonight.
Isn't that the way the saying goes?
The men from the goyum?
And we'll see exactly what happens.
But thanks to the Mets, they really did it.
I was looking by the way at the team by team breakdown
of who's played who.
And I hate to break the news to you,
because the Mets are only four games out now.
And I know that those New Yorkers are just salivating,
foaming at them out.
But this is a little bit of bad news.
The Mets have won almost half of their wins against
the three worst teams in the national league.
The Braves, the Reds.
And who is the other one?
I forget who the other and the Phillies.
They won 10 against Atlanta, 10 out of 12.
So, you know, that may not mean anything now,
but I just mentioned that in passing, okay?
But they did win three from Montreal,
which is quite an accomplishment.
And we'll see what happens.
This is going to be a big week.
So obviously, there'll be a lot of discussion about that.
In fact, our first call is a Mets Williams medical update.
He got a higher end.
10, at WIOD.
That was an excellent call with reverb and everything.
Another crit to start off the week with a crank.
Because that great Mets Williams did pitch yesterday,
among almost everybody else on the team in that 18-ing loss.
So, even though he was hit in the head on Saturday,
he came back.
He does have a hard hit.
Almost as hard as the guy who just called.
Oh, a Mets fan who wants on right now.
Right now, Nioh.
Or else.
He's a worst team in the league.
What are the X-Bores?
We just swept them over to WIOD.
I just got through saying that.
Well, how can you say it gets the worst team in the league?
I'm talking about the number of games they've won.
They won 10 from Atlanta.
Are you going to listen to me?
You loudmouth New York asshole.
Are you going to listen?
Good.
They won 10 against Atlanta, 8 against the Reds,
and 7 against the Phillies.
Those are the highest totals in the win column they have against any teams in the league.
But that's because all our games are done against them.
The cup's reason.
The cup's reason.
It doesn't beat them that much because they've played them that many times.
They haven't played who?
They haven't played who?
They haven't played as much as the Mets have yet.
But then you're missing my point.
You're missing my point.
What are you supposed to do?
Loan to them?
Of course, it's supposed to be.
Yeah, okay.
How about all the games they've played against the Giants
that they have a losing record against?
Well, the Cubs split their 12.
How come they've got a losing record against the Cardinals, too?
You're one of those typical New Yorkers who doesn't want to listen to sensor.
In other words, don't confuse me with the fact that the Mets are in first place by 10 games.
Okay?
And your standings, the Mets are in head by 10.
Don't call here and start screaming and acting like a jackass in the beginning of the week.
There's another one of those New Yorkers.
It's just a game, okay?
You idiot.
Call up sports talk and give them a hernia on sports talk.
Don't call here and start screaming and behaving like some kind of a band sheet on a Monday morning.
Is this coming?
Or any other morning?
Is this calm down now?
No.
I just made a point, okay?
Didn't I?
And I said, how many times I say congratulations?
Thanks to the Mets, they swept back to you all.
It's quite an accomplishment.
Yeah, call Joe tonight, okay?
He's dying to talk to you, sir, to a bebrain like you.
So it has in here.
Another one of those, but no wonder everybody hates the Mets.
It's not the team.
They're fans.
They stink.
They're disgusting.
They're even worse than the Yankee fans.
They always cry into blues.
Always twisting those statistics around, okay?
I hope Biola allows 48 runs in the first inning tonight, all right?
And then cries about it.
He belongs on the Mets.
He's a crybaby, just like the Mets fans.
What does that say?
Oh, he's back on again?
Why?
I don't want to talk to him again.
Get him out of here, Roger.
You've been on vacation too long.
I get I want to talk to him again.
Like I'm going to put him on the ear.
I want to be on right now, right now.
Yeah, go call Craig Worthing, okay?
Talk about the Red Sox.
Boy, what?
What happened?
I don't know.
I've taken two calls so far.
The first one was a mouth breather.
And the second one is a Mets fan.
I don't know.
Do you think about this?
Well, that's obvious.
What do you want?
Oh.
What's wrong?
What happened?
Didn't we start out with everybody?
Everybody was in a good frame of mind when we sat down.
And I've taken two calls from these disgusting South Florida jackasses.
Go back to New York.
If it was so great there, why don't you go back and breathe the infested disgusting filthy air, okay?
And I hope you get tuberculosis from it.
All this hate and venom and screaming is over meaningless ball games.
What's wrong with you people?
Don't come down.
They're not meaningless.
They're not?
No.
I thought it was sports.
In fact, you know, it's interesting that you should bring that up because it's interesting.
In the first place in the American and the National Egees, we got a tie.
It comes in my career.
I noticed the Mets aren't in there.
A Baltimore is two and a half ahead of Boston.
Three ahead of Toronto, three and a half ahead of Cleveland.
Milwaukee, four and a half ahead of Yankees.
Only six.
There are six teams within six games in the American League East.
In the West, California and Oakland are a half a game apart.
And in the West and the National League, San Francisco thanks to Houston's Winnius.
It's the only two ahead.
So this is why everybody with a brain is in Love's Baseball.
Because here we've played over a hundred games and we still have four red hot pennant races going on or divisional races in baseball.
Which is why anybody with a brain.
I have a brain with a brain loves baseball.
Oh, I have a brain.
Now we have to do a break.
Now this mobile and bell-glade probably is some kind of an idiotic call, isn't it?
Say thanks, Neil.
Good morning.
But well, I was right.
It isn't an idiotic call.
Why aren't you trying to call QAM?
Uh-huh.
QAM? No, I just want to ask.
That's not like one of those hillbilly nose pickers to me.
You're right.
The same guy is a, uh, uh, you know, a cubs man.
You know, yeah.
But I saw, when I was with Paul Dorit, the track a couple of weeks ago, he, since he started working at QAM, he's been picking his nose a lot.
I know this.
Yeah, I just want to ask Bernie's having fun with the cubs and the maps and all the other junk.
I don't know what all this is.
So you say the cubs were junk?
Sir, did you say the cubs were junk?
No, I didn't say that.
I just don't know what I just heard you say.
The cubs and the mets and all the other junk didn't.
Wasn't the implication there that the cubs are junk?
No, we got it.
It's 1015 at W.I.D.
What a way to start the week.
This is great.
Oh, it's nice to see everybody had a good weekend.
You're all on a good frame of mind.
Must have been that Browns game the other night that got them all upset.
Boy, I'm just not in the mood for football yet.
OK, at all.
At all.
Like I said, all the penta races are heating up, but everybody with a half a brain is really,
even people who weren't baseball fans before are getting excited about it now.
This is the time getting close to the playoffs in the World Series.
Like I said, anybody with an IQ of over six?
Then I love.
Larry King's got this thing.
Of course, Larry's everywhere.
He's like Legionnaires' disease.
You know, he's in the fence.
He's everywhere.
And he's got this little thing he does on Calder's show.
In fact, how is it that his show is on this station?
And yet he does a sports thing that's on QAM.
Would you explain that to me?
Isn't it like sack religious conflict of interest?
Oh, I think sports, you know, it's like.
So he does this little feature in this morning.
He gives us this big run down on the American League East and how all the teams think
which everybody already knows.
He doesn't say anything, but he does tell us that Milky Wilson is going to be a big addenda,
which is the grammar isn't even right.
The big addenda for Toronto.
Mookie's sitting like 136 with Toronto, OK?
Not too much unlike what he was sitting with the Mets.
Anyway, it's 1017 at WIOD.
We want to pass 10 at WIOD enough.
I can slow down now that I don't have that idiot on the phone.
The point I was trying to make, you know, the only reason I'm repeating it is because the guy
was screaming and carrying on and getting hysterical is that the Mets record against teams
with winning records is appalling.
It's bad.
OK, they have losing records against almost every team that's a winner
and most of their victories with the exception of the three against Montreal this weekend
have been against horrible teams.
That's all, that's a fact.
I'm not making it up.
It's part of the statistics, OK?
Boy, right away he wants, he wants to argue with the facts.
Don't confuse him with the facts because he doesn't sound good.
What should we do?
Lose against the brakes?
That's not the point.
The point is they've bulked up on the garbage teams and when they've had to play the good teams
with the exception of this weekend, they've bit the bullet, they've stunk.
Like the three they lost in Chicago two weekends ago.
Oh, a potential hate call.
This is a great start.
Hello.
Hello.
I want to tell you that.
Wait a minute, you hear that?
Yeah.
Not even the guts.
Another one of those Mets people.
Not even the guts to stay on the line.
That's how good that one was.
I wanted to ask you some questions about the CDR article, but I guess maybe tomorrow.
No.
Huh?
It's the first thing I brought up, isn't it?
Yeah, but...
Well, no, I did mention that thing.
Like I do at the beginning of the show and right away we're faced with hostility from these
obnoxious New Yorkers.
You know, we don't have to ask.
There are two problems with South Florida.
I mean, the weather is great.
We've got the sand and the beaches and the sunshine.
There are two problems with this town.
Okay?
Too many old people and too many New Yorkers.
Okay?
Those are the two problems in this town.
And some of them are crossover, right?
Some are in both categories.
Now, it was so wonderful in New York.
We didn't do this.
It was like, well, good, go to hell back there, all right?
And don't ever come back here again until you get a gold-plated invitation.
Right?
Boy, they were miserable up there and they brought their misery and disgusting obnoxious,
pushing outrageous attitudes with them here.
You make me sick.
Why don't you all go up to the top of the World Trade Center and take a nice fall?
They're probably not listening to EDR either, just what?
At least in New York.
Exactly.
How come you're not listening to WWE?
Because in the Constitution, it says you ought to be.
And Jerry Russians pretty upset about it.
Oh, he's always crying and wine, and he's always crying about the ratings and about this and about that.
And now he's always whining.
So it says here in the article, by the way, Trendcoming on Friday morning at 11.30.
And if it's right in, how hot one are we going to have a bad trend?
Because June is going to be right in there and, oh, it's going to be really weak.
If it's not, it's going to be a miracle.
I'm sorry, I keep interrupting you.
No, it just says.
How hot 105 to KDR's audience, you know?
Let me see if I can find it.
This is such an unbelievable article.
A fast-paced format with less talk, uninterrupted blocksy music,
and on-air money giveaways.
I'll be damned.
That seems to be true.
Well, that's a new thing.
That was hot 105.
Oh.
And it says EDR sounded old-fashioned.
It's DJ's ramble on and often played obscure songs on impulse.
Some ads were amateuristically produced.
So that's how they did it.
And more music, less talk, and money giveaways.
I'll be damned.
I wonder if there's anything to do with it.
Well, I think it's pretty disgusting.
Everybody who listens to Hot 105, to turn it off right now.
And keep it off.
Got some nerve that keeps eyes on.
Now, what the hell is this?
What kind of a dirty picture is this?
Oh, we have dirty pictures this morning.
What a day.
What is this?
What's that stationary?
Now, it's got a little note there at the end.
Don't read it on the air, but see the note.
It's not funny on the bottom.
Oh.
The PS.
Yeah.
Well, that's unfortunate.
It's a 24 past 10 at WIOD.
Let's take a call.
And these calls, man.
Have we talked to anybody?
What's going on?
Who isn't all a whacked out this morning?
I can't believe it.
Boy, I must have been the heavy-duty drugs from Colombia
came in over the weekend or something, boy.
There's something going on in this town.
I had a shave.
Am I sorry I mentioned anything about anything to be honest with you?
I had a great weekend.
I understand.
I wasn't coming until 11.
He probably is behind all of these calls.
Manny Beach.
Stand it and win the poll on Friday, D.
Spencer did.
Yeah.
Well, you guys did that.
Spencer is busy working.
Okay, Stan doesn't have that excuse.
Oh, you're right.
Let me ask you something.
Don't ever apologize to him.
That's bad.
They are the worst of the most obnoxious.
They completely rack objectivity about baseball.
I come on.
I say, thank you, Metsu.
You did a great job.
You swept Montreal as a great accomplishment.
And, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And all I do is mention that I was looking at the statistics
and that they've had a horrible record against winning teams this year.
And a guy called, oh, what do you want us to do?
Loose to the breath of a...
Starts getting all hysterical, like I just attacked his mother or something.
You did.
J.
Your mother is the word, I think, too.
To New York or nothing exists but New York.
Well, like I said, if it was so great, what the hell is he doing here?
There are.
Go back.
Let me ask you something.
No, wait a minute, seriously.
I think one of the great things that we could do is to take up a fund
to send all the New Yorkers who want to go back immediately back where they came from.
Okay?
And the next time anybody calls up and says, I'm a New Yorker because I'm from Rochester.
Let me straighten you out.
Okay?
Upstate New York, ain't New York.
It's New York state, but it's not New York.
Okay?
Get it straight.
I wouldn't want to be from New York.
Go out, sir.
I'm getting emotional now.
The Cubs play three against Montreal Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
Tonight, tomorrow, Wednesday.
That's Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
The last time I looked at it.
My question is Thursday.
Do they have a game?
Yeah, Phillies.
At home?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, great.
I'm going to be up there.
I'll go to the game.
Great.
Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Four big ones.
Oh, it's a matter of fact.
I don't want to.
Listen, I don't want to get that guy upset.
But during the month of August, the Cubs have a whole bunch of games against the Braves,
the Phillies, and the Reds.
I just mentioned that in passing.
First of the games, you have to win.
That's correct.
But don't let the Cubs break your heart.
I'm a Chicago, and they broke my heart too many times.
Listen, they're having a great year.
Oh, they are.
One way or the other, it's been a thrill.
I've had more excitement from baseball this year since then.
I was a little kid.
Okay?
It's been tremendous.
And, you know, I'm not going to be one of those fair-weather people.
If they don't win it, they still have a tremendous year.
Not like these New York people who are all bent out of shape and getting hysterical,
like it's some kind of an insult to their ego if the meds don't win.
Were you down on Scotty Sanders and last week?
I'll be pitch-y off today.
Wow.
Look, he sucks.
Okay, so he finally pitched...
And then top it off, he gives a home run ball to a guy who's in 160 or something.
Yeah, he pitched a bunch of good innings in between, but you know, it's the pirates.
Don't get too carried away.
No.
How many...
Don't apologize to him.
And don't apologize to a med fan.
Okay.
I would never have a great life, sir.
Bye-bye.
Okay, he was a little boring, too.
1027 at WIOD.
Everybody's in a great boy.
Talk about a shock.
It's like the Monday that we came back from vacation.
I'm shocking back from Chicago.
I was not prepared for that.
Wow.
Just on a Monday out of the right out of a gate.
Well, you know what it is.
We're almost a dolphin season now.
Do you remember those Mondays?
Oh, yeah.
Every Monday, a lot of pressure on the dolphins.
Man, if the dolphins lose, they get all hysterical.
And they're in a surly mood.
Same thing.
And if the dolphins win, they get hysterical.
And they're hysterical.
Because they didn't cover the spread or something.
By the way, talking about covering the spread, I'm so sick and tired of these people
that come on to your and talk about gambling.
And have no interest in sports at all.
I don't want to mention Hank's name.
No, seriously, I mean, either you're a sports fan and you can watch a ballgame and enjoy it
because it's, you know, for the sport.
Or you're just a compulsive gambler and you can't watch anything.
You can't watch two dogs run down the street without betting which one will get to the corner first.
Okay?
That's called a compulsive gambler, not a sports fan.
And that, you know, that's mostly a New York thing.
Okay?
I'm not saying that people all over the country don't bet with bookies because they do.
But the bottom line is it's primarily a New York sickness.
Who they covered the spread?
Who they held cares, okay?
They're talking about like a high school volleyball game.
They covered the spread.
It's 1028 at WIB.
Boy, I had no idea.
My blood pressure must be like 900 over.
I can't believe it.
I was so calm and cool and relaxed.
Everything was great.
Steve, by the way, as long as we're getting upset.
Now, I want Sharon to come in here immediately, okay?
Because I hope that this is not true.
Steve's topic today, you know how I feel about tattoos on anybody.
Women with tattoos.
And it says Steve convinces several gullible young ladies to be tattooed on the air.
I'm speechless.
Yeah.
Now, you young women who are about to be tattooed.
Can we say that?
Don't do it.
Okay, don't do it.
It's, I mean, on anybody, on guys, on anything, on dogs.
I don't like that.
It is so disgusting and grotesque.
And the bottom line is, once you get it on there, it's a real excruciating thing to get it off.
Unless they got some new, you know, go home and take a bath.
I don't think so.
I think it's a real ordeal to get it off.
And it's disgusting.
Those of you out there who have tattoos, you ought to stay in a house and never come out again.
I'm telling you, never ever come out of the house again.
Unless maybe it's real dark.
Share.
A lot of this is Cusses.
Oh, yeah.
Fath.
Boy, it is ugly and disgusting.
And if you ever, I'm sure you have, you've seen these guys that are like covered and women too.
Of course, covered with tattoos.
Sure.
I mean, talk about something you just don't want to look at.
Disgusting and grotesque.
So here is Steve Cain again, leading the young women of America down the garden path with
another one of these hedonistic, disgusting, vulgar radio shows.
Ladies don't do it.
Okay, we're trying to save you.
It's disgusting.
Who the hell wants to look like?
Share anyway.
Boy, in fact, with a tattoo on her shoulder says, meus.
You know what that means?
Yes.
Gross.
Boy, she looks like she looks like she had, like been on the Karen Carpenter diet for six years.
Doesn't she?
Bad news.
Okay, the calls are so good, we shouldn't overlook them because look at that, we got a ton of calls on here.
Things are really zip it along, right?
Boy.
If you said so.
Mighty, what a start.
Have we talked to any, well, Alaska was fairly rational.
Was it any?
The closest to a real caller.
What happened?
Pompano Beach.
Good morning.
Boy, you've got my Irish shop this morning, right?
Your Irish?
Yeah.
My Irish shop.
Have you heard that expression, Neil?
Yeah, I've heard, I've heard them all.
I got a question for the bird.
May I ask him a question?
Go ahead, sir.
Bird, did you see Stan and the Louis last night on HPR with James Irvin, almost?
No, I haven't seen it yet, I'm going to see that later.
I saw that it was on.
I know, man, it's a great, great eye.
How come you're asking him that question?
Because I don't want to talk to you.
Oh.
Oh.
Olmus was nominated for an Oscar for that, by the way.
1031, he was almost got an Oscar?
Uh-huh, exactly.
1032, I guess.
Boy, look at that.
Like in about two seconds, we zipped, if we at that rate, the show could be over in two
minutes.
And after these calls, what a blessing that would be.
Look at that.
We got two lines open in day.
They just dropped off after that last caller.
751 WIOD.
7519463.
He sounded like a New Yorker to me.
That's what he's upset about.
Okay.
Like I said, if it's so wonderful there, and if everything there is so much better, go to help back there.
Okay.
There's a bus.
There's a Greyhound leaving.
Not a bus, a dog.
I'm sorry to keep bringing this article up, but it's just asking a response.
Well, they're not that really good.
Do it.
No, it hasn't been a response.
We don't have any black listeners anyway.
Thank God, because if we did the jury Russian, be all upset about it, probably.
Yeah.
It says in this article, many teenagers don't realize the importance of having WEDR around.
It says Craig Anderson.
Yeah, who used to be a board off at this station?
Isn't that great?
It used to be a board off.
Now he has a weekend talk show on WSNEWS.
That's the important.
Oh, I'm sorry.
WNEWS.
Oh, yes.
Please, that's the news.
WNEWS.
Yes.
Somehow I forgot to tune in Alice this morning.
I think I've gotten that out of my system.
Yeah, that's pretty awesome.
Now, boy, this is some start to what's going to be an exciting week.
I was supposed to be on vacation this week.
That's right.
Well, if I had my brothers, you know, I'd so much rather be here with all my pals and other stuff.
You were the land of course.
Who the hell wants to be lying on the beach in Hawaii?
You would have missed this.
That's the, uh, Hyatt Regency Hotel overlooking the Pacific Ocean and all that great walking stuff out there.
What would have happened if you hadn't been here?
How would I have handled all this?
I would have no clue if they were talking about it.
I wouldn't have happened because you wouldn't have said anything about the Metro.
Nothing.
You'd have keyed the key that started all this was men.
That was your mistake.
Wait, spell STEM backwards.
That's correct.
Hurrah.
Touchbook.
Some people got lots of touchbook.
Yeah.
You know, all these people calling them give me a hard time about the mess.
Well, what do you want to give us a hard time about, sir?
No, no, no.
Even come up with something.
Can 34 at WIOD.
Boy, they're sure all out there this morning, aren't they?
I'm full regalia.
I'm starting to enjoy these calls.
Yeah.
He fit right in very slowly.
Starting to really like them.
It's not going to get on the year, sir.
So I don't know why you keep wasting our time with that donut crap.
Okay, in fact, I think your head is a donut, you know, like with a big hole in the middle.
I think that's your problem.
Look at this.
Somebody sent us some nuts.
Oh, what is it?
That's what that is.
Which I think is the last guy's problem.
Maybe we ought to send these to him.
Okay, a lack of.
Savannah Moon.
What the hell is this?
Savannah Moon restaurant invites you to a cup of pots like a thing.
A thing.
You want to be like an invitation.
Oh.
And when you open it up,
there are nuts inside.
I think unless, I don't know what these are.
Anyway, it's 10.35.
We certainly hope you've all had as nice of a weekend as the people we've spoken to so far.
Hello, what to think about all this?
I don't know what to think about.
They are nuts.
I can't get the damn bag open though.
Now, what kind of nuts are these?
Are these hazel nuts or something?
What do you call these?
Does anybody know?
Do we have any nut experts that we had several nuts on the phone?
I don't know what these are.
And it doesn't say it's just a Savannah Moon, which I guess is a new restaurant that's opening up.
You need a nut cracker to open these up.
I guess that ritual will probably be stopping you.
Any excuse, man, when there's food in the building.
We do have wings pluses coming today.
An honor of Stan Major's appearance.
So that ought to be pretty exciting.
A plantation.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
I was up at Hilton Head last week.
Hilton Head Island, up in the South Carolina.
I know what it is, sir.
I'm not some kind of a dummy.
Oh, OK.
I just wondered if you'd ever gone up there.
That was fabulous.
No.
1036 at WIOD.
Why do we care that he was up at Hilton Head?
Do you care about it?
Is this supposed to impress him?
I'm not.
The least bit interested.
You got a real boring voice or you don't ever call a show again.
I'd rather talk to the Metz guy than to him.
We have an open line in Brown.
No, we don't.
Well, they're really sizzling today, man.
Sizzling with mush.
Loaded with calls, and there is a single one of you
never want to speak to again.
You live to be 500.
There is one of these people you'd ever want to be
unfortunate enough to speak to again.
It's so amusing.
That guy, man, was screaming and yelling and puking and jelt
having a nervous breakdown.
God, about that.
So weird.
Don't you understand?
That's the New Yorker's tactic.
Yeah.
Okay.
If they can't outthink you or outreason you, they just
will outshout you, which is why so many of them.
Not all, just 80 or 90% of them are loud, obnoxious, disgusting,
and should go back to New York.
By the way, we got the Yankees in Cleveland tonight at 730.
The Indians are hot.
And, boy, are they going to beat the crap out of the Yankees tonight?
Won't that be a shame?
And you can hear it happen right here on WIOD exclusively at 730.
Oh, good.
It's like a public service.
And those of us with a satellite can watch it.
Every disgusting second of it, although some of us might be occupied
watching the Cubs in Montreal at 8 o'clock our time.
Okay, just mention that.
Bokeh, hello.
Hi.
Yeah.
I made a terrible mistake.
I was supposed to be on my way to Chicago today,
and I can't put my reservations three weeks ago.
I never dreamed these Montreal Cubs games were going to be so hot
and I'm going to be so.
Boy, you, if I were you, I'd be slitting my wrist right now.
I hope you guys can cheer me up because I'm very depressed.
Why aren't you uplifted by the cause we've had so far?
Let out a do it.
You know, the shocking thing about the baseball
has been Yankees over the last 14 games.
They're actually gaming ground.
Yeah, they're losing in their gaming ground,
which is almost impossible, but it's true.
Yeah.
Glenn, I understand your point.
Your point is well-fanking.
Rick Weaver on Saturday was giving half-hour updates
of the scrimmage and sports has gone too far.
But hey, it's a scape isn't from the SNL,
Palestine, the H&D scandal.
Hey, don't forget, sir, at WIOD, it's not just a game.
It's an obsession.
Well, talking about obsessions and depressions.
Have you ever seen the movie Boys of Summer?
No.
Okay, Jackie Robinson.
We all know what he went on.
I did see Boys of the Band.
Is it similar?
No.
Anyway, anyway, what do you got to do?
I wanted to also see Komisky.
Now, I know you didn't like the, you saw a picture of what it's supposed to be,
the new one.
Yeah.
You know, one thing that they do, they close in the center field,
not like in a wriggly field, we can see the skyline.
That's so nice there, they're not going to do that with the new Komisky.
They're going to block it and like...
Hey, I'm Tanya with the exception of the new park they're building in Baltimore,
which is still three years away,
and which is going to be asymmetrical.
It's going to have, you know, it's going to be like the old ballpark.
But all these other new ballpark are like plastic, man.
They're all looked the same and I don't like them at all.
Yeah, and there's artificial turf, there's like, you know,
how kids just play stickball and Brooklyn.
Right.
All right.
Don't say Brooklyn, sir, please.
Sorry.
Okay, guys, how good we...
Okay, do you have...
Are you going to be able to see the games on television?
I'm not going to see...
Well, I'm going to see all the meds games because it's on both networks.
Yeah.
But no cups.
I'll give you reports, sir.
Okay.
In detail.
Please.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
21-11 at WIOD, we have an open line in Boca and Del Rey.
I think we just about had almost a rational caller.
I'm not sure yet.
We're going to send it.
We're going to run it by our experts and see what they have to say.
278 WIOD in Boca.
278 9 4 6 3.
I think we should take another breaking kind of all pause and reflect on the incredibly great stuff that we've shared with the audience so far this morning.
And we'll be right back.
It may be a rare event that Alan Finkelson at Pompano Park is listening.
I did get the package today.
Thank you, Alan.
I got the tape.
It's got all these big races on it from the metal ends.
And I've also got the...
Look at this.
This is for the Breaker's Crown.
This is one of the early...
I don't understand this at all.
What these are.
But these are like the entries for the Breaker's Crown at Pompano Park coming up in the end of October.
Here's one.
Oh, this is incredible.
Look at these horses.
And by the way, we want to congratulate Bill Fahey, who drives at Pompano Park or has been for several seasons now,
who's hot as a pistol up at the metallands, who in the third heat at the Hamiltonian at the metallands on Saturday, finished in a dead heat with Ron Wapel's.
I forget the name of the other horse that won the Hamiltonian.
And still finished second because in the three heats he finished first, ninth and first.
And Wapel's horse finished first, second and first.
But anyways, an incredible race off of Matt's race.
And they finished in a dead heat.
Which was exciting.
I just mentioned that.
And Bill Fahey is a hell of a driver.
So next time you go up to the metallands, just plunge your brains out on Bill Fahey and Jack Moisey F and your bond to come on broke.
Should we go to Pompano Beach?
Uh-oh.
Hey, it's going to be a great call.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
See, I told you.
I'm a first time caller.
Great.
And the reason I call is because, you know, you're in the same kind of mood I was Friday.
I do test control work.
And the company I worked with for at least to do nothing but condo, it's still so late.
But condoms?
A condo.
Oh.
And it's starting to bug you a little bit, right?
Oh, I mean, I just changed jobs a couple months ago too.
I don't blame you.
I do houses now with cats and kids and dogs, as I like a lot better.
But anyways, when I lost an account one time by making fun of the mess.
You know, they're in the clubhouse, you know, and they go,
Who do you like the doggers of the mess?
And I said the doggers, and about a week later they cancel on me.
Yeah.
And I just, and I don't want to know why, you know, this stays like that.
You know, this makes me pretty serily.
And when I'm like, kind of, you got to be, you got to put on that happy face, whether you're not happy or not.
Yeah.
When you lose a hundred, you can lose a hundred accounts one day because like a hundred people to do.
Yeah.
But I just thought you might want to kind of relate to that, you know.
Well, I think it all does tie in together.
And matter of fact, I think the Metz fans ought to move into the Roach Motel myself.
But anyway, I'll tell you there.
I hope that from now on, now that they got the job done against Montreal,
I hope that from here to the end of the season, a Metz lose every game, okay?
And I don't want to get the nervous, but Ken Howell who's pitching for the Phillies tonight against Viola
pitched a tremendous game against the Cubs last week.
A six-nothing shutout if my memory is correct and he is really sharp.
One of those great Dodger organization arms, he could be tough tonight.
I don't want to get the Metz fans nervous.
I'd say I like this, for instance, because I know Glenn, I'm sorry about this.
I like TV cases like the next guy, but you know, this is what we're talking about today.
Well, it's that time of the year, you know.
It's that time of the year.
It's a hundred degrees.
Everybody's got the baseball fever.
We got four great divisional races going on.
And that's what people are excited about.
I like Oakland, but he just, before I say, I can tell you.
Well, he's out of his realm today.
That's all he does.
He'll find the paper.
He'll go, you know, and that mad style, you know.
Well, once the food gets here, it'll occupy him a little better.
Well, it's just that I don't understand.
If I get to another way.
You don't understand what?
Well, all this...
Should we get an interpreter?
Is Zagaki still in the building?
I mean, Joe, to come in and interpreter.
And these names are put out like their universal name.
They are.
Like what name?
Which name has been mentioned?
I don't know in the market.
You don't know who Mark Grace is?
I don't know any of them.
You don't know who Mark Grace is.
Well, I've heard you mention him a lot.
What team does he play for?
Well, I know he plays for the cups.
You're saying he's not the type of person he's putting out an act.
He knows not.
I'm putting out an idiot act.
Vinegar bent my zone.
And I don't know who...
Virgil Trucks.
No.
And I don't know who the manager is.
Joe D'Ageola.
Oh, of course I know Joe.
Oh.
Everybody knows Joe McCarthy.
There are a couple, I guess, that are your first.
Joe Demagio.
There are a couple that are your first.
He's just playing stupid, sir.
No, one day we were on Zeta.
And some trivia question came up and he said,
Mickey Mantle.
I'll never forget this as long as I love it.
And it was the right answer.
Well, that was the right answer.
That was because that had been like a gigantic news story.
In the 60s.
In the 60s when I was a kid.
You know, he's in his living room on Sundays and Saturdays when he has his days off.
He's jumping up.
He's a closet.
He's a closet baseball fan.
You're wrong.
But you know what the problem is?
He's a brave fan.
No.
And he doesn't want to admit it.
You're wrong.
He's been pummeled and trampled upon as an Alan trample with the Tigers.
Don't say that.
And he can't take it anymore.
That's not true.
Well, the public's gone through some pretty bad times too.
You're damn right.
And they deserve what they're getting now, you know?
Yeah, hard for it.
Well, I hope they make it, you know, because I like the underdogs teams.
I'm probably, I'm bringing for the Orioles in the cup.
And you know, neither one may not make it.
Yeah, and everybody like Big mouth that capplin' over there at QAM
kept saying all the Orioles would be out of first place every day.
And here they've lost 14 of their last 18.
And they're still two and a half games ahead.
That's how bad that division is.
And that's, thank God, because, I mean, their team is still young.
They're going to get better as they go.
Damn right.
You know how to go with them?
Anyways, I know it's about news time.
I know you're sure well enough.
Well, you timing your sensationally or a great call and have a great life, sir.
And don't pay any attention to you, no.
Oh, I'm trying not to.
Okay.
But you just remind me that I'm in the same mood as you are sometimes.
Okay.
I can relate to that.
Say goodbye.
See, he wanted to say goodbye, then he got to start like a second winder or something.
Look at who's in this one race.
This is the Peter Hut Memorial at Poppano coming up on Reader's Crown Weekend.
He's got a pace off with John Campbell, the Jewish horse.
Look out now.
You can be big in Poppano Beach, you never know.
Anyway, that's going to do it for this hour.
It seems like we've only been here for a while, like a century away.
And Stan Major is going to be coming muscling into the show at 11,
because we invited him the other day in a moment of weakness.
And we've got food coming from Wings Plus.
And Steve today is going to be a glued and tattooed on the cane show Sports Talk with Joe Zagaki at 6
and Yankees in the Indians at 7.30.
You're under arrest.
Absolutely.
I'm not going to do that.
My buddy, my buddy.
He said, well, we got that out of the way.
I was talking to him last night.
Y'all bet you were.
No, he goes to Amsterdam, doesn't even go into a museum, which makes his mother very happy.
This would be a real moment.
This could be a rather short visit.
You go to the Vatican?
No, in Rome.
No.
In defense of the bird, let me say this about the St. Louis Cardinals.
Hey, they're only four out.
Yeah.
Look out.
Oh, now you're a Cardinal fan?
Oh, listen.
I fluctuate.
Yeah, whoever is hot this week, that's said, it's interesting.
It comes to my house and if the Cup Game is on, oh, hey, look at that.
We're ahead.
We, we, you know, that's true.
No, I'm basically a Cup.
No, you're not.
You're a fairwater.
No, I'm just saying.
You know, nothing about sports.
You're nothing about sports.
You nailed the lid of the coffin and the Cardinals a long time ago.
And suddenly, they're four games off.
No, you're absolutely wrong.
Your memory is better.
Are you choking a little bit?
Yes.
Well, that's good.
A bit.
Huh?
Oh, I said, first of all, I said, Montreal was the team to beat.
Everybody laughed at me and they've been in first place and they still are time for first for a long time now.
They're going to beat me.
Then I said it's going to be a 14 race in that division all the way to the end.
Cardinals, the meds, the Cubs and the X-Pos and it is.
So don't give me this chance that I wrote them off.
It's tough.
I got to ask you a question because I have it.
But I don't think the Cardinals got the pitching.
Oh, and then do you see how they won the game yesterday?
You see how they won the game?
They put up Joe Magrina, I think, was the pitch hit who's hitting like 186.
And they walked him.
The guy, the pitcher for the Phillies, walked him with a basses loaded a force in the winning run.
Yes, Stan.
186 up pitcher.
The eagle here.
Oh, he's got the dolphin schedule.
Now you're really, you're up against it now.
Ah!
About my Eagles yesterday.
Big Eagles.
See, I thought it was a big football weekend.
That's what, that's what confused me.
I don't know what to say about baseball.
I don't either.
Completely through me.
I thought about all the NFL season stars.
All the races here for Breeder's Crown Knight at Pomp and Pond.
I don't know what to say because I know your real expert in this also.
Well, I always stand was great.
That was Stan's problem is that he didn't know about anything, you know, on the air.
That was a problem.
He didn't know about the Phoebe Kates moves.
No, no, no, no.
I got to ask a little bit about my new heartthrob.
Jacelle, what's her name?
My name is Janice Fernandez.
Jacelle McKindes.
Yeah, I was talking to April Koldis.
I guess Friday I was talking.
She was at all.
Oh, God.
She's a dork.
Don't you love the billboards with the blonde on the right and the brunette on the left and the twinkie guy in between from Canada or where?
I saw her.
Neil doesn't watch local TV but I saw Jacelle last night.
You think Neil would have a crush on Sixus New Anchor guys?
Pretty good look.
He was in here.
He did the Rineryshow one morning.
He was supposed to be the Salinger.
Yeah, that's right.
And he was good.
He sounded good.
He's an old radio guy.
Yeah, he was a good looking guy.
Yeah, but he was good on the air.
Look at that.
Higher love with Jimmy Tactor in the Mary Annabelle final at Pompa Do Park.
By the way, those of you who go to the track, Jimmy Tactor is one of the best trotting men in the sport.
PUNS YOUR BRAINS OUT.
Any relationship?
If you see him driving a trotter.
Boy, he is a great trotman.
I know Alan Finkelson would be proud of my saying that because it's true.
Well, I turned Debbie on on my way in during one of your commercial sets.
And boy, I want to tell you, Neil.
Yeah, she's tough.
We're having a hell of a time combating it since he came on our calls have dropped way off.
The audience is down.
I'd say 90%.
Well, you ought to be talking about the HRS.
Yeah.
No, we're talking about WEDR.
Oh, yeah, I heard about that.
Oh, incredible.
You know, but they do have a point.
I'm getting a sore throat.
I want to tell you something.
Yeah.
He's pulling out one of those disgusting stokeys.
You don't look like a super light or a for Dumbo the Yellow King.
I won't light it.
No, go ahead.
I don't mind you lighting it.
But I'm getting a sore throat just looking at it.
I don't know how you smoke those things, man.
Those are disgusting.
So those of you who are wondering how come on those days when he used to be on the ears?
Why that is.
Nobody follows me.
Now, Kane comes out here.
That's why I smoke this when I'm on your show because Kane hates him.
Okay.
No, he doesn't.
Anytime I have to.
He came in here.
No, he came in here.
Anytime I have to go.
He always mooches one.
And you know why?
Because if it's for free, he'll eat or smoke anything.
Then it's just a stand major because when he came in last time, he does clean it up the studio.
Here's his part of my job, gusting on the show.
I think he hates you all the night.
Much as he hates Bill Caulder.
Really?
Well, I said, because we're talented.
Oh, here's an early Sochen report.
Hello.
Stan.
I, uh.
Oh, my God.
I bring him out of the woodwork.
Oh, shit.
Wait a minute, sir.
We have an emergency bulletin here.
Just a minute.
We all do it.
Oh.
Oh.
I don't know.
Harry's been in a lot of places where he didn't know where he was.
But on the show, he was absolutely someplace else.
I don't know where.
That show was great, by the way.
Yeah, it was great for him to drop by.
Oh, did we play that Saturday?
We played it.
No.
I thought you said we played it on Saturday.
The best, the, uh, Harry Carey thing in Chicago?
No.
Isn't that the message he put up there that we were playing the whole thing?
Or was the beyond?
The, uh, again?
What do we play that three times now?
Get out.
What do they want?
They're starting to play the same tape every week now.
They want to play it.
No, we just shut off or transmit or adjustment on Saturday from 10 to 2 instead of playing those tapes.
The numbers would be the same.
Go ahead. What do you want?
Anyway, I listened to Ernie's show on Friday.
Yeah, you would be the guy.
Did you, did you call in by any chance?
Ha, ha.
Yeah, nervous laugh.
You and Ed.
Anyway, he was, he wanted to know what everybody thought of heaven.
And what, what heaven would be?
He wanted to know if they had a audible beat.
Heaven would be dying and going into a place where Ernie didn't have a show.
He wanted to know if they'd have used cars up in heaven.
Simple kind of cars would be.
Anyone to know if they would have talk shows in heaven.
Anyone to know if they'd have good talk shows like his or bad talk shows like Mr. N.
Those are his exact words.
Mr. N.
Yeah.
Mr. N.
Boyd.
I mean, and then he give the phone numbers out and he start coughing and choking.
He goes, oh wait, there's a call.
There's a call.
The lines are full, the lines are full.
They wouldn't single call on the board and start bull crepping.
Nobody call in.
Well, was it night, right?
I don't know what kind of was.
I was the hilarious one.
Let me say it again.
Ernie's a nice guy.
He belongs on the air like Mortimer's Snurge should be a brain surgeon, okay?
I think maybe Ernie should get a tattoo.
Yeah, that would be good.
All right, you know, that is an interesting topic though that if we were killed on the expressway
and we went to heaven, what talk show hosts up there would be predominant today?
David Gold, Alan Courtney.
I think Alan Burke.
We've been premature, but you could be right.
Happy Fields, close.
So I was just curious, Paul, where you were when you heard Ernie's show, I was just curious about that.
I was lying in my bed.
Really?
You pick it up.
I don't want to pursue this.
Your house is right under the transmitter.
No, I picked it up in bulk, I believe you're not.
A lot of people have picked it up in bulk at two, which is why they're opening that new clinic up there next week.
Oh, look at this.
Here's Volgao with Jimmy Tactor in the Mary Annabelle Consolation at Pompadot Park.
He was coming just, you know, just hold it.
Well, it's only like two months away.
Two and a half months.
You know, you know why he's like this.
He knows the red car instead of the black car to work this morning.
Is that it?
Yeah, that's what it is.
In fact, Jimmy Tactor is down to drive both horses in the entry.
Maybe he's going to do like Stanley Dancer did the other day and drive a...
What do they call that when they have two horses hitched to a...
They have a name for that.
Glenn, what you ought to do is you ought to call it...
You ought to call it a big day at home after you know Nilo Sleff and ask him which car Nilo is driving to work in.
What the hell are you talking about?
The red one, Colin Sleff.
You know which one it is because you're the only one that keeps calling me in that car running up my phone.
I got a question for you.
Getting out of the shower this morning at 830, the phone rings.
I know it was you in my house.
And then I get in the car in the phone rings.
Just leave me alone.
Will you change your number?
What do you want?
Now, didn't you say this was never going to happen again?
What?
When you wanted to talk about baseball, we would talk about baseball.
Well, have it, we'd call.
1115 at WIOD.
He just disappeared mysteriously.
We have an open line in J.
751 WIOD.
First of all, I didn't come on a year and say I want to talk about anything you do.
You mentioned a couple of things.
These are the people that are calling.
This is what America wants, don't you understand?
What do you think?
What do you think?
America wants Bob Costas, then they deserve him.
It's the salt of the mess.
A little torpy butt-looking douchebag.
That's what he is.
Oh, we carry that show, don't we, on Sunday nights.
I always like him.
I'll come, you never get a call from an IRAky Yankee fan.
There are no Yankee fans.
They're carry-on baseball on WIOD.
Haven't you seen those numbers at night?
by the way trend coming out on Friday Friday morning at 11.30 we have a trend
coming out it's gonna be an unbe-
yeah but still I mean we're not all that I didn't say all I said the many a lot
most off-and-howard beach and we're taking bad rap down here yeah well that says it
off you're from a Howard Beach now I see that stereotype you know let your a
Russian here that then it'll start to jump on your case too okay like you
did on hot 105 prediction and that's take it yeah they take it all right I don't
want to say where hey listen really guys had a great weekend I said congratulations
thanks we needed the help believe me any Yankees will be there next year yeah
they'll be somewhere alright like maybe in South Carolina in the pony
league all right they'll have a good one okay boy he didn't sound too convincing
didn't sounded like he didn't mean a word of it I'm gonna switch some of these
spots from next hour into this hour because this this log today I know Steve
would be offended by this it's an abortion this log today let's talk about
that right to life people would go crazy if they said it's an abortion no it is
you got all this stuff jammed up in the next hour and it man it was a lot of
thought and planning that went into this log I'll tell you that Linda do you
hear about Terry Merrimon what you have every time Terry Merrimon and Phoebe
Cates my god almighty J
leader of I but he has over and over I don't believe
a lot on and on and on yeah can you imagine people doing that I just is
going on and on about something yeah I believe you know I'm starting to
wonder who's the father of that baby that I really don't understand it can't be
him because he's just oh yeah
jazzo McKenzie Fernandez yeah anyway it's 1118 it's WIOD I talk about the
melting pot I'm moving the melting pot into this hour case you had noticed from
the next hour next you he heard it oh that's good well I want to make sure you're
listening to the show could be listening WEDR because Jerry Russian said
enough right that article still just crossed my ass okay like like people
oh something to a particular radio state people listen to what they want to
hear what they like okay like they used to listen to this show until they got
sick and tired of somebody getting silly right like all those she bumpers
exactly all those data stickers are they still a oh I meant to mention I tuned
and punched it up this morning to see if they were still in the air yeah and they've
got a some kind of a technical thing is real hissy can I say that hissy sound
like and then I punched everybody else they sounded fine and I punched back to
them they were playing you know I know it was on or did they have to sell a CD
players to cut the budget because they everybody else left there and they got
no salaries left maybe they're playing phonograph records is that possible I
don't hurt something on there this morning real hissy never heard of no clue
this was a record I've heard before but I didn't want to hear the hiss so I just
mentioned that in passing anyway the melting pot is where the real great
fondue is Stan knows that because he's eaten there a few times if they're not
okay happy hour by the way left this out because the little Laura just came
rushing in here happy hour at the melting pot 5 30 to 6 30 2 for one draft beer
2 for one house wine and 2 for one frozen daiquiris okay okay 22 past 11 at
W I O D Stan majors here because he can't fight a job and a smoke and a little
stogie the food from which plush would be here any second now they usually hear
like right between now 11 30 right very rarely the shyness and coming little
late so they should be ready second and let's go to Aspen Colorado hello
hey Neil you like the Larry King show I'm gonna take one New York how's it going
Neil great I'm going to bed you're not here to hear all the great calls we've
had today so yeah well I've heard I just got on the line about two seconds
ago all the meds fans are like a potzing all over the place they can't handle
success you know they won three games over the weekend and you think they just
won the world series well that's the way they operate anyway a bunch of douchebags
Neil I have a question I live here a lot of time in the winter time and this
summer in mass summer I was down in Florida and I listen to you guys when you
guys were on over on data oh yeah you know this summer and I don't like I missed
the show out here do you have any plans like I should go national yeah I'm gonna
well go to Aspen as a matter of fact next week it's too bad you let the cat out
of the bag but I am talking to some people in Aspen Colorado and we got some
serious heavy-duty negotiations underway yeah I'm sure okay no really no I'm
not going national why not I have enough problems in this market really that's
the only question I really had you mean you called all the way from Colorado to
see if you're gonna be able to hear us out there yes because I missed the show I
got to hear it I'm a junky Neil I'm a nearly yeah well get yourself a good radio
okay yeah hand radio or something one more thing I was my brother Matt listen to
all the time Matt you're an incredible douche bag how old is Matt he's 20 old
enough to know better yeah okay have a great life sir and we'll never talk to
you again probably but it'll be okay you'll handle all right who now wants to
talk to people in Aspen Colorado and by the way Matt we apologize for your
brother's disgusting behavior okay we have an open line in day 751 W I O D and
what in Palm Beach 655 W I O D all you stand made your fan we had one huh we
had one three Friday we had one you're counting your friend oh no I he
doesn't count as anything you blame other than a pain in the ass yes you
encourage him you encourage all the miss pints okay because they're old saying
likes attract is not what the old saying is yeah something like that so boy you
have so much to add here today look at me he's asleep look at it is
sleeping inside I'm not a sweater you're not working yeah maybe overnight
should be good witchners numbers are like oh did you hear the story that they
did you tell me or did somebody else tell me that they wouldn't tell them the
numbers no somebody else another radio yenta told me that no it's true they
he pleaded and they wouldn't tell them the numbers remember the old days at
Winsons Zeta when we had a little problem getting some of the stuff off the
no but I mean eventually we get it we had you know had to embarrass them but they
just wouldn't tell him the number you go on the air it's three power leaf
followers speaking of radio yet has had to break the news to them that he had
twos and trees witchner witchner oh yeah he had well you know why don't you
as people are dying oh that's what I said plus that wig of his finally turn you
know it turned like to a ripe yellow and nobody will come anywhere near him
anymore maybe he has the building they make him come in to back the service it
is maybe hasn't had those classes to fill out the diaries or maybe his
audience at this point doesn't have the IQ to understand them or maybe after the
rest of the stuff that's on snooze there's nothing there's nobody would
mellow
haha here we go Delray that was the best call this morning
this is our work crowd coming in your damn right I'm not we're moving right along
here today okay sing it a song and moving along I had one little piece of one of
those nuts that I open I don't know what kind of nuts I get it open with my teeth
yeah and I'm like gagging on it it was so bad my you're gagging on my
boys and nuts gagging on my small I'm not Miami hello yeah yeah yeah
around loopers to a one-year who's buying faith during the winter time
or proper yeah good for him and I don't I don't like Ron Waples okay no I don't
like all those three to five shots like you know six on the wood going nowhere I
don't like Ron Waples I don't like a lot of those Canadian driver give me a guy
like Bill Fahey okay it gives me a good effort every time no no I already
took a good bath once I'm clean for life is that it well it's because they don't
know anything about harness racing we got the big fact they know nothing about
racing period except for Hank who only complains when he loses his three to
five shots you know they don't know anything about horse racing on that show
however I can't you know he's free to very good and other things to fight for
how how what sir if you got like a sock over your phone or something what's a
popping I don't know this kind of want to talk to this one of those sports talk
callers you know called Joe tonight and bitch to him don't bitch to us about the
fact they don't know anything about harness racing you see how I'm think of
some keeps saying hey bring those sports guys out here what should I bring them
out therefore they don't understand what's going on did you see a Hank on the
tube over the weekend no he was hilarious he was what the dude he loses
another best thing no no he was just the highlight I watched that see Hank is not
a sports fan he's a compulsive gambler I've come to that conclusion he's a great
guy he is my best friend by the way too but he's a compulsive gambler he's not I
mean that's that New York syndrome again he needs to be deep program he needs
instead of going to California to go to the track he needs to go to San Diego to
get that operation to get that out of his system this is a mess from
a massive gambler oh I don't know about his baseball I don't is he a
mess fan I don't think so we got an idiot in vocal well that's not unusual
yeah yeah okay you were last on the list but we put you to the front
because Nick promised it would be a great call I promise it would be a great
call I had called earlier but I had to hang up before I could talk to you why
is that I was wondering if they have a lot of good talent in the studio today
now yeah yeah I'm enjoying it too bad we don't have any on the phone I don't know
between the burden standing got the best talent sounds Florida yeah you really
do I mean I like it all blue you're like you with time like it's like them take
over yeah the younger fresh a town of Ashley or something this day the the
younger way the younger talent like Stan right get out of here you jackass
Nick was right one of your liquor fans there I think that's a mess fan probably
they sounded like he's from New York it's probably his third call of the show
Hollywood yeah I know you can say how to stand for it I heard the yes I heard
the runaway yes no go ahead we know you don't care about us go ahead talk to
Stan he needs he needs the practice of course we do we'll see one of your more
often too okay just the other day there and okay we have the plantation
pigs he really pissed me off I was driving in plantation I got a $50
dollar ticket for having to Steve King bumper stickers while it is obscene there's
no question about that okay Stan right to hear you back again and one thing in
passing Neil you're an asshole okay great great call sir thank you okay thanks
for showing you to all of us okay I got I got to tell you something about
two open lines in a row or five two four W I O D five two four we don't want to
hear about the plantation cops this is another one of those
cloaked dagger stories of yours about the plantation police an amazing thing
that you can walk out and there'll be a little ticket on your windshield okay now
what they've got is to walk out of what your door no yeah walk out your door
and there'll be a little ticket okay from a plantation cop on your windshield
this is the great thing they have a list of about eight or nine violations they're
printed out and then at the bottom they have a blank space so the cop can fill in
what he wants I had a for sale sign on my Toyota can't do that was I supposed to
laugh there was that ball but isn't an interesting capita for sale sign on a
car in the city of plantation why not he filled it in no for sale signs cost me
ten bucks did it yeah how about if you just write in there I want to get rid of
it well maybe that would be okay hmm it's incredible I never heard of a city
well I have nothing better to do there okay they have absolutely nothing better to
do in plantation Miami hello okay another good one well we're on a roll since you
arrived they were bad first but now they're really great what is this I'll get
to get this out of here will you please I got one of those the other day get it
out of here will you for this Steve I'm Tony he's gonna have some kind of a
show so get Jerry attached to up there will you needs one one that's his ego on his
forehead Miami hello are they all gone now is everybody I see every light lit
on his board I use is this just crank hour what West Palm Beach wow this is
shocking there's somebody on his line go ahead amazing I like two seconds
go all over you can't you call two seconds ago well hold on okay we don't
want you on a yes I think you ought to go scrimmless Miami hello hello yes
is Neil there speaking hi can I ask you a question sure because I get the
feeling that we're losing control like ordinary ordinarily there aren't these
long lapses didn't speak to you somebody did I don't know and did he say you're
gonna be on like sometime in your lifetime he didn't say but I'm young I've got
my whole life ahead of me okay well that's good you want to be back on hold it's
your choice now you you sound like just the kind of color we need to change the
tone of the show desperate what's on your mind the met problem cooking I need
cooking now you know something that we can relate to okay now we're getting into
something the bird can see this is sandy she misses that would you be quiet
and let this nice young lady speak go ahead man don't be intimidated by these
disgusting sex hounds well see I'm having company and I don't know what's
more appropriate either a meatloaf or a tuna casserole we're getting
somewhere okay I'm really enjoying these calls I got an idea okay now what kind
of company is it are they like sleaze bags are they nice people it's like
a combination combination of a few nice folks I think what we're gonna do is
we'll take a poll on this okay I favor meatloaf but you have to form it like a
Felix symbol oh get out of here stop see that's all he's got his mind on man
I figured yeah or maybe a big breast on an oriental lady yeah how about some
chicken breast but that's not me low I'm not touching that line okay we'll take a
poll on it see if we can help you out what time are they coming about seven oh
yeah we got a lot of time and if we don't get the answers Steve will carry it
over on his show okay in fact Steve might put a tattoo on the meatloaf okay okay
hold a skip listing now okay see you later we're right lady with a real
day Lima huh she got it she don't know whether the scream or eat the tuna
casserole it's 1133 at WIOD I'm gonna move another spot in this hour okay
because the food should be here any second Nick isn't paying any attention to
what I'm talking about because Steve is in there doing a yenturu team share
and also and we got like a whole seminar going on in the other studio I can
probably say every four letter word I'm serious I could say every four letter
word should we try it that's ever been invented oh that got his attention now
moving wings plus into the stars that okay can we do that I just want to make
sure you understand you're following the bouncing ball so to speak is Bill
Carter would say who said that the other day follow the but that was Steve
that said that that was a great line it really was I can't believe I stole
something that Steve said that's the first in it I think he said to a
caller can you follow the bouncing ball I don't remember what it was but it
just cracked me up it was so perfect because it was a real moron and it was
great it was just a classic don't let's stand it he'll steal it okay we want
to tell you about wings plus and right now we're salivating our way in fact
stands getting pretty PO because they're not here yet but any second trust me
they're gonna walk through that door have you had it no I've never had you never
had it I've never had oh my god you're gonna go nuts it's been year you're
gonna be doing dangerous things with that cigar before you leave here today I'm
telling you cats your mountain style garlic wings that are just dripping with
garlic oh they're incredible and those buffalo-style chicken wings and in
addition if you're not a wing lover they've also got great hero sandwiches
but you have to now stands joking flew over here hey bird how you doing okay
stand till but I'm great stand are you ever gonna work in a
stony game no I don't think so no nobody wants me oh come on
I want your guy like you hmm I've been thinking of paying QAM to hire me
and what did they say well I haven't made him the offer yet I've
got to come up with some money for him he's having a Larry right I'm a check
I see for you guys doing what I just wanted to call to see what you guys were up to
okay yeah we figured out we'll call you back and let you know okay all right what a
bunch of space could add this is great the worst Hollywood
here that is it us it's like this phone down I walked in the other
okay let's put that on hold because I think I'm really intriguing Miami hello hey
Neil hey bird yeah stand me just while I tell you what this really picks up a
what a treat for you huh what a way to start the week in
cruelly manazza to why he listen you know it sounds like a recurring theme today has been this
paycheck thing it's been why pretty disgusting talking about people's paychecks and such
now and it is true Steve's made some noise about how how much money he makes you know
disgusting sir it's absolutely in poor taste it comes across as a real self-lagulating ego thing
and I hope he cuts it out it's really really sucks it's disgusting and the thing that kills me is
you were talking last week about how he's always wanting about it broke all the time you know he is
well you know what it is it's all this money spends on therapy is that it hundreds of hours and
and the sad part is well I sure hope you don't stop doing that well I was gonna say the sad part
is that it's not doing any uh they're probably uh they're probably charging him double two
considering the source you know but uh you know I was thinking he could save a lot of money if uh
if he just take care of things uh with a simple operation and it's called a lobotomy
yeah no we you know don't talk like that about my buddy Steve okay we have an open line in
date 751 WIOD one in Palm Beach 655 WIOD the show started bad and has degenerated from the very
first call to a new low to a depth of life in which I could never imagine it could reach okay
I'm choking the death
like a wonderful little piece of celery in there and then I'm gonna choke through the entire um
oh we got a it's that cigar what is it on is it lit I'm I'm blaming the celery the
celery came out a long time ago you need to light one up your side yeah
bro until you're I'm gonna put it
stands gonna become rocket man yeah god put that thing out man oh man and this man has kids
in the house okay and he's got these cigars lit up and a dog I'm calling the xpc
I'm sorry I kept he wonders when it comes in my house I'll come to big dog a tax him it's the cigar
oh the big god is that thing orangue no he doesn't he's been very uh calmly
really really until he sees you oh okay he told me to have a right if he brings that Stokey in here one more
time Miami hey it here with my arm yeah good questions sir it sounds like we're having a hell of a day yeah
hey this is Fabian okay Fabian nice talk to you
oh these calls I really enjoy the worst the absolute worst I'm supposed to be on vacation this week okay
no I got a feeling that are what they are not really how I am Hollywood hey Neil yeah what's going on
buddy don't ask your next person to ask that boy could be gone like like okay I have a friend of mine
who's at work I'm not work today pretty sick today me too yeah I could see why yeah I found
it a call what a hold on a second I turn my radio down no see what I mean
157 at w.a. hey hey this is a radio show I mean get your stuff together before you come on to
your okay don't come on and then expect us to go through a big song at a dance while you do this
and you put it back in your pants and whatever you're doing we don't have time for that it's a
radio show okay now if you have something important to say about Terry Merriman that's what we're
discussing today okay or she's El from or she's Del McKenzie for Lauderdale hello yes sir
stand how you doing great you're you're looking for a job in radio right yeah wait a minute wait a
minute is this boom boom junior no no because joy you're talking I'm beginning to
expect there's a station in Ireland w it's LPRN leprechaun radio I don't think anybody here
wants to hire a leprechaun but you're a big leprechaun here I've always told you that stuff yeah right
I'm thinking about your checks of Hollywood that's why you're upset he's gone now you got a
pay for your own unfortunate but true and then true now wow what was that I don't know weird wouldn't
what a call I've never heard calls what was that I don't have any idea guy went to a tape with
some kind of Larry King right I always Larry King maybe Larry King was it somebody was talking to
him about checks on Hollywood mm-hmm I guess well my throat is just torn up is there like grounds
to sue for that like air pollution or something it's out all right yeah but the melody lingers on
Miami Miami yeah yeah I know Steve's losing are we going to see if I'm coming folks or what what
but you got I think you may well hit the critical mistake today okay excuse me let's straighten
me out soon I think you got Steve Cain syndrome what's that we had three calls today
that I've got on here that I heard you today said that you got on there well
well you're taping the show it bare with me here bare with yep the supposed calls from New York
yep you know Steve's been getting the calls about
uh and hanging up on him saying do it do it do it do it do it do it yeah well you got three of them
today three or what well you hang up on them and yeah because they were a little
they were doing that right you know what what just like this call well that's going to do it for
this shot what did Nick do leave oh there he is what an hour yeah you can compare this one to
the first one okay I'm putting a sump pump in my throat to see if I can clear this a
smoke up and then we'll come back to the big one a two hour Steve today this is not a joke it's
for real that's the part that's frightening women with tattoos Steve convinces several
gullible young ladies to be tattooed on the air and that's coming up in two so gobbin yourselves
accordingly it's the one to two hour well I'll tell you what thing everything's straight now now
little Tommy Dennerberg was in here during the break we had nice little chat and you know once
you've had a chat with Tom not seriously everything kind of comes back into perspective you know
you get a better focus on things you don't know I'm still I'm still like mine just all torn up
from that cigar I thought I had a little piece of celery that went down the wrong thing you know
and I came back no problem and I thought fine my coughing spasm is going to be over and then
I'm sitting here I'm choking and coughing and my throat now is all torn up and I realized it's
that disgusting stinkin stogie he smoked I was doing that for Steve's benefit man
glory ought to kick your ass out of the house you had to make you sleep in the van
I'm serious
that is disgusting I'm saving it in the mean yeah oh that's unusual
I wonder he's not on here he can't clear his throat long enough to speak
uh
unlike j michael's my I thought we already did mishmouth didn't we wasn't he on hello
hello is this mishmouth yeah oh how you doing pretty good what's going on mish not much man
just hanging out yeah well I put it away because people are starting to talk you know what I'm saying
hey yeah listen you know that guy Fabian yeah why does he keep calling here
why does he keep calling here why he calls he calls you too oh you mean oh you mean the show
yeah I don't know because he's just a pain in the brain man he doesn't take no for an answer
he's a good guy but like you know once a year would be plenty
there's that boy I don't want that
one away to wio do that's Fabian's little buddy there who's now making the call for him and uh
but I hope you guys have a good time today okay who's paying but don't forget after the blister
start to rise it gets pretty painful is that Fabian for that it was for Fabian the junior now he's
a chronic regular now he's got his buddy call it and Fabian's there in the background getting
erotic excitement Jupiter hello me oh yeah hey I just wanted to say I really enjoyed the show the
last couple of weeks yeah bed since you put the bird brain back in his cage uh if he would only
call in 63 days I think we'd be in good shape well we tried to send him home earlier after all
I had sports talk but he just didn't get the hint you know how insecure he is he's afraid if he
leaves one day he'll never come back I know remember that you remember that Paul remember the
Lou Gehrig story Wally lend me your glove remember that yeah hey uh no you don't you know I know
that's way before my time yeah but you've heard about it oh yeah you know he gave him his
love he never came back and Gehrig played what 1320 games in a row or something like that a great
job or 1,230 I don't know I've got a question um I don't know how can you can't be honest for
one too big faker um I think you got all hot and bothered when Terry Bradshaw wanted to get his
hand hands under someone else well okay you got me you got me with my hands done you're no
question about it I was jealous you know I always jealous because I've always been in those like
what's the guys name it does it games with him on uh CBS what's that kind of for a very long
quiz man he's my type anyway I thought he was you know he's been deserve his whole career and I
thought he was good at it but he could also play football well there's no question about it but
without Terry handraddy's advice he didn't know what planity was on okay yeah you think I made that
up do you remember did you ever watch the Steelers games when he was playing yeah he was reckless man
he was great no but I mean he would at the most inexplicable time he would call time out and even like
Chuck Noel would start hyper ventilating and he'd go over and he'd say that Terry handraddy uh what
quarter is it where am I and what's he out with huh super cold and he was freezing that that's
true that's a good point that's a good point Chuck Noel's out of a guys he never called to
congratulate Mel Blunt or uh what's his name Bradshaw why I couldn't believe you were criticizing him um
why his performance was psychotic well I don't know I would go remember that from Zeta we haven't
heard that expression remember that yeah I'm really impressed the only person in the world
you well you know I can't even say it you well enough to come up with an expression like that
I am impressed with these colors yeah we go through the whole call and then at the end we have
to come back to the same usual homophobic problem that this guy's got his penis envy syndrome
he like I said on Friday you know I've heard enough of that crap already when we were on wins
we except for a few of Stan's listeners we almost heard none of that crap because that's old news
okay because the listeners were with it enough that it wasn't like a major shock to their system
and they didn't have to keep protesting so much you know what I'm saying like people had protest
all the time I don't want to mention anybody specific you know what I'm talking about
like maybe just south of here for example but um and then on Zeta we had very little but since
we come to w i d I guess because this is so much the it's so much the sports and macho and
joc station you think that could be it because if you don't if you don't come to work in a joc
strap at w i o d they start talking about you at the water cooler I'm telling you even the women
wear joc straps here I can't believe I'm here it's so weird and that's why some of them have to go
into early retirement because the crew ex bill here is just incredible man it starts chafing and itching
at its nightmare well she's gonna wreck it before you guys out there that it got like this penis
envy syndrome I really it's just pathetic okay at least he's got a wife great that proves a lot okay
I know a lot of guys that got a wife didn't David cathedie have a wife too I don't want to mention
a lot this guy up in a cave with David Cassidy for about a week anyway it's 12 minutes after one
at w i o d are we which hour am I in here huh kind of lost city are we in yeah let's call up Terry
and get some advice okay or at the very least let's call up Rick citerman and see if he can give
us a tip let's hope not hey attention car owners I want to tell you about low jack right now and
you know by now if they steal your car you're probably never going to see it again seriously I mean
this show proves it we have an open line in date if you really want to rush to it I can't imagine
why you would 751 w i o d and one in Palm Beach 655 w i o d Stan has just his people are really
come storming to the phone have a day what do we have two what was Paul Harvey Jr.
when one of them was Paul Harvey Jr. we wish he'd never call again
David hello Neil yeah you don't have access to DSP in there do you they got the senior
special Olympics on oh I can't wait to see the side of the dog on a brush all
tight everywhere by the way I got a happy sperm can go from you long time ago well that's great
don't let the word get out there last time I get very upset and be jealous okay yeah I only
lied it when I have sex only burned it like twice in two years well I'm like singers
and her sisters or whatever hello you got the neo-rodgers disease you know you know
you know I'm just leaving him hang out there and he's got nothing to say oh like I said Mike
uh one fifteen at w i o d isn't it great that we're hearing from a lot of these zeta colors that we
were praying we never hear from again that would not be hoping they wouldn't find us I brought all
that out what all these zeta calls yeah I believe it yeah you really owe my years on zeta he really
made this show it is something today I only wish I could say what why do we couldn't follow the last
hour there was nothing we could do the follow the first hour first hour was great yeah I know
I maybe that met Spano callback yeah come on pal callback okay maybe maybe you've
met a little bit somebody a call us more and tell us what it's all right but I think you just
called it out come on now don't chicken out pal you can do it 278 w i o d in bokeh and del re although
he knew the number automatically bokeh come on you can do it now nice try I'm gonna answer that
line cool can you say anything good or positive about New York City now nothing at all no
Palm Beach 655 w i o d when here we go hello bokeh hell yeah what's happening who's this
it's bokeh yeah but you're not the guy to call this morning are you I'm not a bad hater not a
oh great let's let's spend 20 or 30 minutes together and the two the fan all right just
want to tell you that they got robbed yesterday because great was saved with the plate yeah i don't know I
think that's kind of got paid off on that if I leave now I can beat like all that
well hey listen nobody's stopping you how about take it by the birds where he's going home for the day
haha see that 10 match over the weekend I didn't watch it I know it's no he's choke can't figure out
what the guy with the bird didn't point huh got it where's the baseball hat you lost it today I
wouldn't want you you know that's what happens when tennis players start wearing baseball caps
yeah he wears a hat thanks pew his name is one pew pew what does that mean I don't know
thank you been watching too much ESPN yeah yeah as far as much as tennis I can handle great but I just
want to let you know that's a couple hanging there they're winning tonight whatever you say soon
all right have a wonderful life and thanks for your very important contribution to the show today
oh man just out please god anything that you want to know about what's wrong with this town you
could have heard on this show today okay anything and everything that's wrong with this town I'd
like to get some information on yourself for land why'd I like to find out a little bit of
honor she's like an enigma I have no life slipped in here I know publicity or anything and I have no
life here she is an anchor on the CBS so I have no life a disaster television station I have no
right to their own program see you know the thing that's exciting about channel six is they still
don't have a local news cut in during their morning trade I know I believe I mean here's a CBS
on an operated TV station and they don't have a you know it was Larry Wallenstein shame on you
know it's the same in Vegas the Vegas CBS and even if you did have a cut in there shame on you anywhere
they carried that say it's one nineteen a W I O D and all wait a minute here he is ladies in
gentlemen he's still foaming at the mouth yeah there he is you know the difference is between
you know wait wait a minute before you start throwing the cheap shots and show us all your IQ
you know the amazing part of it it's twenty after one it's like three hours after you call the
after you call the first time and you're still on the line yeah I know all right now let
listen are you wearing a jog strap now okay because if you weren't I couldn't speak to you
oh no I got to measure up I got to measure up to the butcher's level here at W I O D
or the show is never going to fly in this station that's for sure not only that it's a blue
metz jok strap yeah how do you like that I got the weight good teacher on that yeah it's
and it's it's autographed by Kevin McRip that's the second time I had a dump him today okay
hold on sir I don't trust you either
boy is there any doubt why he's not on here anymore that was the most disgusting thing I've
ever heard in my life I liked it yeah great you would
god mighty we're gonna make him wear a jok strap over his mouth
are you still holding there sir I don't have you on the air yet I want to see that little
I'm not trusting anybody I can't believe you took that off the air what's wrong what was
wrong I don't say it again it's almost as bad as what you did with that restaurant before
it boy your judgment yeah one thing about Stan he can't complain about his judgment because he
doesn't have any god okay where's this guy he's it what is that thing ever going to come back on
again man this is the most ponderous system that they devised they got a new thing here with the
dump button and you have to sit well that was real good are you there I'm still here like I think
I'm not taking any chances with major in the room where would this guy all right so what do you want
all right well listen I just you may you do understand I never let anybody call twice in the same day
yeah but this is the fourth time I've been on the show today no yeah remember remember to
poke the call for Miami woke up to the yeah yeah that was me anyway Neil you know the difference
was all right so obviously in other words obviously the bottom line is I have no life yeah
you got it I have no job that's what it is I wonder why can't imagine why
with a great personality a sense of humor like yours I think everybody in it got to be
crawling at your doorstep yeah that's cute yeah that's good yeah how long did you work on that
three hours I believe it well keep working on it for another three something might happen
sure although in your case I doubt it I did too okay okay all right see yeah what a jackass
22 after one we're gonna stop taking calls on at Bokeh line for Stinnell Stark called on the other
but at least then he'll have to pay for it he was a real need no I'm serious I'm in fact I'm
taking a Bokeh line off to you like we used to do it an insolent I won't talk Bokeh's loser on
his show they could save a lot of money if they get rid of that Bokeh line we get more morons in
Bokeh you said that for nine months it's true I mean on a West Palm line that's that's a line that
kind of like other people use from out of town and stuff but the Bokeh line there's no purpose
whatsoever there nothing but a bunch of lame brain idiots and assholes in Bokeh okay trust me
except for Dion what is that is he still on there the recording oh
not gotta get that line to Broward we have a tough time getting through yeah let's have
another Broward line okay yeah like I really got a lot to say about it Broward hi how you doing great
you think you need another line in Broward no I don't okay I'd like to say hello to Neil to the
bird and also to Sam majors well isn't that wonderful and I've got two questions for you Neil and
two for Sam for you what kind of car were you driving in Chicago I'm not going into it on the
air because there's very possibly going to be a suit and I don't want to discuss it on here okay and
also my husband's thinking about going into radio you think you know no no man no no no
okay I'm ready you will leave him and Sue him his pants off and take him for everything he's
God tell him don't do it okay is Sam now yes ma'am yes ma'am wait how long is this thing going to
go on beeping here oh there it is okay okay Sam hi how you doing okay how's your wife Lori
and your son Christopher doing oh jeez I just want to ask the question they're doing great
and also I heard that you're buying a radio station I'm buying a radio station
yeah and I'm moving to plantation acres too okay for more bad rumors in this time I bet
what I hear through the grapevine what do you mean through the grapevine who told you these idiotic
lies well we hear from here and there I'm gonna reveal my record well listen here so good I'd
keep him a secret too if I were you don't do your resources
night yummy good no if you got the money I'll do it
oh I might be I'll do I'll just turn it go ahead make it's fast yeah listen to you all the time
they don't have a life I want to know why it's 120 for a WIOD we have an open line in
brown where Miss Muffa just hung up at 524 and you believe that she wants to know why love the
boys well listen I'm going on vacation tomorrow I wonder how I could go to Vegas tonight I could
leave the sea guys right yeah what time of day do you leave 11 15 in the morning oh in the morning
mm-hmm but I was a weekend yeah no I bet you I could get a flight late this afternoon sure this
was a bad deal and then nobody nobody asked me to do it I guess I just figured I needed to be here
this week I don't think anything is gonna go on that I need to be here really are you kidding yeah
this is really dumb you know and I should have gone because this day to day I wouldn't wish this day on
I can't I'm trying to figure anybody yeah keep thinking about what would be going on here if
you weren't here I just can't of course there's no way to know but I just so you'd have another
swimsuit show like I said Miami yeah yeah there's a 7 30 flight for Vegas tonight
hey good I get to the bank by 230 that's good yeah what I call was and then I got into
rubs there another thing too on your lawsuit you have to go against the manufacturer that's the
company yeah the vehicle manufacturer right I know now I was part of code you last week I was up in
my but then his friend of mine moved out of downtown Miami you know where and I went up there
a holiday will be full of our last week and that was an experience yeah like everything you
ever said about a cave rang a bell and came true at the end of my session with my friend is just
another one 26 after one at WIOD we have an open line in date 7519463 I don't think I've
punched that is off now I was thinking the same thing we got a lot of good use yeah yeah it's
good that we got this much that I'm sure today we're getting in twice on major already for no
reason at all for very good reason both times let's explain what I said no let's not no last
I'll stick around on cane Sean it would be good I'd listen to that yeah and you could get a
little tattoo there would look really smashing on you too right where you stick that big cigar
anyway we want to tell you about shells right now while the delay is building back up south
Florida's favorite restaurant for the best shellfish anywhere and now they are serving that
delicious mouthwatering fresh chargrilled fish that we've been telling you about for the past two or
three weeks and it is sensational the best and the freshest fish in South Florida and it's also
some of the most affordable when you go to shells for example they're serving three quarter pond
portions of fresh dolphin only 795 and three quarter pond portions of yellow pentuna or
swordfish for only 995 so take the whole gang out tonight for a real seafood feast at one of the five
South Florida shells restaurants they're open every night of the week beginning at 5 p.m. and you'll
find shells in coconut creek on coconut creek parkway at Lyons Road this is man of your dreams
micronary the Miami-Dawff and 89 season is about to begin that means you'll soon hear plenty of
analysis speculation rumors and general below me about the team seems like unless you personally
ask the coach you just can't get the straight story so each morning after the game again this year
we'll be chatting with coach Don Schule on our program no below join micronary and coach Don Schule
of the morning after each game at 725 beginning August 15th on South Florida's dolphin station 610
double-view IOD
oh boy I want to tell you something if you think if you think what's been on the
I'm listening to a conversation here that would make you immediately blow your brains out
about popcorn I don't know what the hell you're talking about
the guy from in that goes can't hurt you fall from dollars got involved in this popcorn
venture with this guy and the guy tried to blow his brains out what I mean what's the big deal
the guy got loose on the Hollywood studio lot with a gun over popcorn over popcorn yeah
choose coachable is swindling him okay what do you say we really take some great calls some nifty
calls in his last half hour today Miami hello yes now yeah I'm a first time car well that's great
I'm listening I know your reactions to being named meet here the month in post time
oh oh we don't we don't wouldn't dignify that rag by discussing it on here that's been going on
for two years okay yeah and he's got nothing better to write about nobody reads it anyway
what no I didn't see I let me say it again it goes on every month for two years
okay are you following me yes sir consider the source okay
we're not in North Miami tonight we want to call my friend here to do this okay great calls sir
I think you need to get the buzzer off buzz this buzz on
131 at wiod Miami hello good afternoon we have a trifecta there today yeah it's been real
trying for me I'll tell you that I really feel sorry for you today about what
God you're going through an apoplectic state there yeah yeah it's called Florida
that's true I agree with you I'd like to thank you for making a comment about bill called
or beyond radio because otherwise I wouldn't have known to punch him up today and well that's great
the did Larry thin this over on the facts I don't know who this is from we have three I know
I noticed the pages kind of floated this is out of the Chicago trip yeah so I'm allowed to read this
right because it's from the Chicago trip quietly to yourself while we do a show we got a
good fake voice here on line eight hey man just from LA let's go to Miami hello
Neil yeah I'm a first time caller well good for you yeah I'm a truck driver uh-huh and I
use the radio while on driving and I usually I've been listening to music yeah the funny part is
I gave in a for truck repair and when I got the truck back it was on wiod on your station wasn't
at a lucky break it was because I've been listening to you ever a little ever since yeah and uh
even when you get somebody's stupid calls it's still interesting oh it's even more interesting
today was a great show in spite of the fact that we had about a half a dozen people try to ruin it
they made it better great but the the important thing is I know how much you love to eat and when
you've been talking about these restaurants and how good they are I've tried most of them wings and
things shells no wings plus sir wings plus that's good it's great wings plus and when I went
want to go to a special dinner I went to the melting pot right because I live in sunrise and
and believe me it is everything you said away and then some my wife was so surprised that I took
her there had never been in the restaurant enjoyed it and told the people why were we there great and
they they they really appreciate it to read I thought you'd like to know about it okay I enjoyed
a lot of your life you had because that Steve Stone in there how you know and Steve how you're
gonna get back in time to do the Cubs game tonight isn't that Steve Stone say hi to Harry tell him
was a blast meeting him okay let's go to oh the wrong one there let's try Miami hello hey
Neil how's it going terrific man let me ask you wait a minute how long have you been listening
they sir how long all day and would on a scale of one to two this show would you agree that this
has been a show of a lifetime this is definitely this has been more than a lifetime you know what yeah
it seems to me like too much I don't deserve to listen to it anymore you're right now I'm sure a
lot of people aren't feeling the same way at this point now I've got something I've got to say
and I've got to get this off my chest I can't believe Steve Stone is here in the studio that's incredible
Steve nice to see you say hello good broadcast that's right say hi to David Sugarman I thank God
you remember you got a better memory than I do now listen I have something to say I got to get
this off my chest okay burn it you better rise up you better get your act straight we're tired of
hearing you're pounding exactly let him have it sir let him have it all is all American you're
probably behind the guy who wants to burn the flag that's correct you have got to get into baseball okay yeah
and what the baseball has to do with I want to tell you something sir president bush was at the
Rangers Orioles game just the other night on Friday night and we are considering asking the president
to pass a Constitutional amendment which would prohibit anyone from not following baseball okay that's
right and it should be because and as far as his his his taste in actresses let me tell you something sir
don't use sir right don't use that expression it's a like oral sex okay I'm sorry oral sex which
is the only thing you keep doing on very impressed by the guy that woman is about as talented as your
thumb okay she has she can't she can't act her way out of a paper bag all right so take your
phabia case in your national choir and and your globe and everything else and watch a baseball game no
no now what do you say I mean it's the Neil Rogers show it's not the Glenn Hill show
when you have your own show you can hang up on non baseball on on on but tell you what sir when
you have your own show you can talk about anything you want but I'm on my own show I am listening
to the Neil Rogers show and Neil Rogers is a baseball fan he's a great American because of it
oh he does it for the cubs I'm not knocking the cubs it's just that's not my team boy I'm impressed with
this guy I got my bullet thanks sir I have my blue and white Chicago cubs juxtap on today as a matter
of fact I want you to know that okay personally autographed by Mark Grace Neil there are some Yankee
and Rick Maddick do it this what's that I'm admitting on the air I'm a Yankee
oh well we don't want to talk to you anymore he's a very impressed boy he was he was right up he was
right target right up until then he was on the line he admitted to being Yankee fan that's too
embarrassing for anybody okay one forty eight at w i o d pompano hello hello Neil yeah did you
cut chuck my eyes morning show this weekend no I was a great show I bet I was I've got a wacky
sense of humor he's terrific isn't he yeah you got to stick the news I agree 100% with standing
the bird on Kathleen Sullivan best body and network news what the what are you talking about
Kathleen Sullivan as a pinch she looks like she just been crying for 40 hours every time she comes
on the air she's disgusting the gray hair she's the most wasted away looking thing I've ever she looks
like she's got consumption or something she needs to die her hair she needs to die something maybe
just die period okay and I think guys just El Fernandez is the most butch thing to come along
since I'm Bishop okay well now we're getting to the bottom of this okay have a great jester
quit while you're ahead I don't want to hear about all these people that are watching their tv
sets to get their jollies that have such empty pathetic putrid lives okay that have to sit there
on the edge of their seats your wrong with their hands in their pockets okay jay is gonna lie
I'm not wrong that's not why I'm watching they hell you're not it's pathetic and that's why you
fit right in with all of Steve's listeners you're on the wrong show you could be on with Steve
you could relate to all those desperate undersex over hormone guys you call it
oh look at you Zilla you and Stan and Steve you could have a three-man show do I really do
like that no I'm talking about those collars a two and a half-man show here's a mobile phone
and brawler hello hello now I feel like just the beginning of the show again I'm getting worked
up to a frenzy yes hello yes how are you okay what do you think of the cup yeah I'd hear you
witty it's what a what a call what a think of the club and the press for these baseball fans no he
wasn't a real intellectual like the guy that was breathing heavy about jazel McKenzie with her
violin or stratavirus Miami hello yes yes could you please tell me how can I get you pick you up
clear in Orlando in Kazimie because I've been you listening I'll tell you there's only one
way for that to happen and I'm going to do it right after the show today we're going to move our tower
closer to your house okay no would it be better like Kazimie okay so like in other words if we move
right on the lake would that be good for you no I've been listening to you since the early 70s
right and we just moved up there about well that's interesting for the early 70s where here in Miami
well that's amazing because I came here in 76 well you must have been ahead of your time still kind
of the early 70s isn't it and I really miss your show very much and it's and it's you don't have
to worry about it it's been pathetically okay it's awful it's so bad it's embarrassing I get it
better on the radio you could probably pick up Bob Lassiter there if he were still in Tampa she
could as a matter of yeah but he's not there anymore well there's some kind of a top show that
comes out of Orlando in the afternoon yeah it's called redneck right wing that's what it's called
very dull and and something happens to the radio but they do have a big sheet sale on their
Friday show just in time for the meetings on a weekend well I'm calling because I heard these
fellows calling you from Orlando and Steve great to see you keep up the good work with Harry go get
those cubs tonight I mean those expose he did and he looked like Steve Stone I'm asking yeah you
know what Steve Stone looks like no I'm sitting in here with such a bunch of dummies ma'am it's
good you can't hear the show okay I'd be embarrassed if you could hear what's going on I'm surrounded
by ignorance you know what I mean you can't offer any suggestions what I know the only suggestion
is to move okay what do you want to live up there with a bunch of Yahoo rednecks for in Kissimmee
I just think that's like the armpit of the universe okay yes I the only reason that that town
exists is to make this one look good and then they want to put Disney World okay it's terrible
still look worse it really is the only thing that's nice about it is the green grass and the
cow pass that's what Tom Jones said yeah the green grass of home well that's great hearing from
you give us a call once in a while oh keep you in touch with reality okay bye bye are you going to
nothing I can do I mean you want me to make something up no I thought there was some kind of a
wire or something I could buy for a radio well I tell you just stick your finger in the back of
the radio and keep it there and we'll see what happens okay one fifty three it what I mean she
wants me to tell her some crazy thing what does she want there's no answer man you people today are
just incredible are you glad you didn't go and bake oh hey who the hell would want to be on the
beaches of Hawaii right now looking at all see now on the beaches of Hawaii I know this comes
as a shock but the people you see are like not on a TV screen they're like real you could almost
reach out and touch them you know what I'm saying almost well did I see the information on
jazzo oh well when you stop I'm sick and tired no wonder the most the most negative comment I've
gotten when I was on vacation was about that horrendous that disgusting embarrassing bathing
suits you and it was all majors doing he's the one that manipulated that and orchestrated it
they were all real though we get a touch and I did touch yeah that's what I heard
now I heard exactly the office and I one girl's boyfriend is just foaming at the mouth he's
going to turn you into jello Miami they are how you doing great I just wanted to thank you for
reforming me I used to be a chronic gambler and I finally enjoyed a series I'm a med spam by
yeah well congratulations on a great weekend without gambling and I did have fun well quit
listening to Hank Goldberg okay even though he is my best friend he's got a gambling problem
yes he does and he uh and he promotes with promotes he pro what when you're fat your gamble oh
like I say Hank and I have been promoting this gambling for a long time and it's long overdue that we
cut it out yeah this is true hey uh stand if I had a bet on every cubs game or any cubs game it
would tear my kishkies out okay don't bet on them anymore they're on their way down now no I hear
this yeah okay I hate that yeah I think okay take care bye boy oh man see he started out like he
was going to be reasonable and he just another one of stands morons okay plantation hi I have a
question I want to ask okay well I'm talking about all these tv women and how their bodies are sexy
and all that you but you won't let stand talk about Don Johnson's penis maybe the rest of us want to
about it can I ask you can I ask you an honest question do you really you're you really want to know
about Don Johnson's penis why not it's on TV they had a big one a small story on TV
boy and I was just don't you remember Barbara Streisand sent him to the rabbi for a brist don't
remember that don't you remember yeah and he said no way Jose well it's just that you guys are
sitting there talking about just out on all these no not you guys stand in the bird okay who are
upset you have such empty vacuous lives anyway if you're going to talk about these sexy women on TV you
might as well put something in there about the sexy man who's this show for you guys are it's
for Neil yeah well it's his show where it's getting a little equal time once in a while it's okay
well maybe some of us not here want to hear about Don Johnson too okay well it's funny that
you should mention that because just tomorrow we have a WIOD special on John Hammbrook's penis okay
I don't care about him well that's I'm sorry but we can only handle one at a time okay have a great
day you too God I'll probably draw off I don't understand what's going on you're ever probably he
didn't drive off the road okay he's listening he's handling it okay I mean
wait a minute this is the intern who's getting tattoo no don't do it are you really getting tattooed
you're you do you have any tattoos now don't do it I beg you no not a little one okay that's
another thing on Steve's show speaking of what we were talking about moments ago I mean
minuscule no I don't do it you can't get it off okay once they put it on there and you'll look at it
and it'll you'll say this is haloshes here she what on your it doesn't make any difference where it
is it's like a permanent what would you call it permanent thing yeah like a thing you don't want
to have a permanent thing okay trust me there's it's having a temporary thing maybe okay but don't
why are you letting him suck you into this is there some reason it wasn't your idea oh it is your
idea it's an exciting don't let him do it he's just a an au jamb revacca tour for Steve that's all
he goes around Steve could do anything he'll have you drinking urine by the gallop
I'm serious with the urine lady trust me don't do it and when he has the BM doctor on next we
got only knows what you're going to be doing don't do it please I beg you okay she's going to do
she's going to tattooed on the cane show today good work on her ankle just a little one she said
I don't like him oh god that's what Don Johnson said to you has just a little one on his ankle
which I guess is why Barbara got sick and tired of the whole deal okay anyway that's the topic I
know it's almost even for Steve it's almost too bizarre to be true but it is women with tattoos
oh if I hear if I hear guys calling in on that show and I will be monitoring part of it okay
talking about how sexy tattoos are I'm going to barf
all had great lunch that we had all over my beautiful corvette okay I am I couldn't
the standard do you find them attractive no oh and you no it turned me off I like muscle
test oh they're they're hideous they have the opposite effect oh they're a turn off they're like
some kind of a butch uh s and m horrendous grotesque words worse than that even worse indescribable yeah
so that's the cane show today another one of those appetizing shows Steve convinces several it says
here gullible young ladies to be happy in the air oh god and then of course the speaking of tattooed
Joe Zagaki on sports talk tonight at 605 probably a lot of Yankee talk you know how that sports
talk goes a lot of golf golf and talk tonight oh dolphins that's what it will be and with the big
gut cups Montreal series starting tonight at Wrigley Field at 8 o'clock Eastern time we probably
won't get too much about that but we will get Yankee baseball again tonight for you New Yorkers
are really want to get p-o'd the Indians are going to pound the crap out of the Yankee starting at
7 30 exclusively on w-i-o-d we certainly thanks Stan for ruining the show today we're doing his
utmost to hold up his end and we'll see you tomorrow morning at 10 here on 6 10 w-i-o-d
you
