here
and he's looking around in shock he just can't believe these police will
trapping so i remember when you were here
i do you have a well vaguely like uh... history lesson way back when i mean the
building is always been great but this is uh... really magnificent what a change
they really modernized it from what it was there are people monitoring us so
govern yourself accordingly right now
anyway craig uh... i bet you there are a lot of people listening to show i'm
got any idea who you are please their people my own family who wish they did
not what i was i you're right
great to see it but seven yeah we get together once everyone craig is fired
once every seven years we get to get the fire more often that's just like
i can't get my way you're firing so anyway what happened over there i want
to i want you to really well i want you to do anything you don't want to do
but you've got a big smile on your face who i usually like to rip somebody
in the west
well i have some day i may but not necessarily from w i w s i a
basically uh... from what i can do it last October you know it last October
everybody else knew it that they wanted to do something
in regards to the all-might program and the re-boiled down to the bottom line i
i don't have any animosity towards anybody there
i may have a jettison pilot that's how it's a charlatte you know
but not for Dennis Collins no no because Dennis is a dear friend of mine well i
don't you know when you work on night you don't get to know anybody very well
and uh... i think is good yeah it is excellent i think i know that most of those
people in management you don't want to ever get near them
well that's true that won't argue that but i'm at Dennis probably about ten
times in the two and a half years i was there and nice guy to me i have no
knock with him it's just that i know that there was pressure to bottom line it
they did it with jeff Charles when they let him go not to replace him and tom
shaper and uh... and me obviously i don't know after this anything to that
package of paul harvie and uh... sally jessie thing i think they were looking
they wanted paul harvie but i think they were looking for a way to
like i've been a big money cut the budget yeah well i'm sure they were cleaning
people make more than you gigantic bucks to do one to five in the morning
but i uh... it was a shock i mean it shouldn't have been a shock i because i knew
it might in my gut they were gonna do it it's just that when you are in this
business and i like being on the year i really do
aside from getting paid i like being on the year and i'll keep you going
well wait a minute now i'm sure that the people here would be delighted to have
you come in if you do work for nothing the way i have been doing that for many
years i mean i know you when you made 275 dollars
twenty five twenty five let's not get carried away
it's not a big raise it looked at me with that smile
oh we've got some money for you yeah and i remember that uh... you call ahead
to go to the bank and make a huge withdrawal just to cover those pages
remember the day i told i was in remember this story see crag and i can just do
the next four hours we don't we don't care about the audience because we work
together when i came to this market at wk t in seventy six and seventy seven
and crag used to do noon to three and i did three to six
for big bucks i mean i was making two hundred and twenty five a week in all
the uh... crap that i could take from the sales department that was the
jewish station stopping so jewish it's a jewish station that was the last time i
made a money that was named it what was the guy who the tall
thin guy who used to pop all the pills all the time the salesman with the glasses
oh he passed away yeah i did he really yeah well when you pop that many pills
you know it's been related it's not good but anyway uh... and of course bob
alan was the sales manager who's been bounced around here and there he used to
throw that little basket ball all day in the hoop you know and that was his but he's
happy note the day took it all this yeah well good luck to you but
but anyway we had his one salesman his name was mark something let's leave it at
that mark and uh... he always used to come in we got this bad reputation the jewish
station the south beach station south of july he got these rabbis coming out of
the and then he would bring in spots for like the famous remember we had nothing but
jewish spots anyway because k a t was basically the old yinthas south beach station
but anyway so craig was doing the three i did three to six and then
said gave us a break of a lifetime it came to us one day and he said yeah this is a great story
said i want to put craig on ten to two and neal two to six he expanded our shows no more money
no money but it was like you know he was not see we never got a nickel no we did live spots for free
now we did want get free meals now now now do you remember when we went to the famous
with uh... ernie sloan yeah all these names are coming back to me now and of course behind the
bell i brought up at that time was john harper which i think is rather ironic i mentioned this
yesterday that somebody who used to be your board up you know fired you that has got to be i mean
john's a nice kid not too much upstairs i wasn't fired by everybody so what the hell but that's
gonna be it me once as a matter of fact no i did not oh yes you did you don't remember and w n w s
yeah the first time in nineteen eighty two you hired me when you were program director
i remember that but i didn't do the part you came back from vacation the first time yeah
your uh... uh producer call me and uh said that uh... i was invited not to come back
i didn't do that look roamed it no do it that they don't know at that time did they yeah
oh my god what a bunch of douchebag you know can i take a quick stir it this is funny because you
just use the word in radio most of us aren't recognized that quickly out on the street once in a
while the recognition voice is something right you know that the other day about two weeks ago when
you do all night you're really kind of back in the back burner i was in a windixi talking to a cash
year and a guy who's a back boy about nineteen i know you i know you when i i'm feeling very
screwed i feel great my ego was lifted nineteen year old guy knows me you're on radio i said you're
right he said you do a talk show i said damn it all you're right i'm thinking like god this is
unbelievable he said listen to you all the time i have one complaint i said what's that he said
you say douchebag do i have a you know honest that god you get a little flit in happy twelve
thousand of us reneal yeah i'm a bad boy my name's okay just i don't know i just had a drop that
in that they got it good to see you too glad i'm sorry that's okay he's taking the day off today
i mean we don't really need him see you later it's nice to see how it is worn i was never going to
get here this morning that was the worst mess i've ever seen in my life i left it quarter past eight
and obviously i'm late getting here god do you listen to renear at all yes you hear bill mazer
yeah i know who bill mazer is i caught the name just at the end and i was hoping he'd talk a little
more to the guy i don't know i'm like you know i'm because you come up in that neck of the woods
well i get the feeling that mike you know i live a sheltered life like mike has been in
cleveland in jacksonville in a year and basically he's never been allowed out like maybe his wife
keeps him in a cage or something because he just uh i don't know he just doesn't seem to
know who any of these people are which is just as well it's not a knock mic don't get all upset
because i know you're you know i have an nervous breakdown he's had a rough week i mean the technical
thing yesterday i don't know about that somebody on the marty cutting in and out somebody had a unit
you know where i am cranker a crank uh idiot out there was cutting in and i'm making all kinds of
cost of comments anywhere it amazes me about all these stories you guys are telling are they the old
k a t building nobody remembers that the old w never forget the day i never forget the day that
lary kent and your good friend lary kent had sitel of vina on on winds on a santa day and i was
doing tend to and lary was doing two to six so he followed me and he asked me to stick around
because naturally i worked for six you know and we were reminiscing just like we're doing now and
look at the phones see there be nobody that will want to talk and uh usually by now they're all
lit up friends and anyway uh so we start going to cause and and lary's oh she has an oh she
haven't he's given those numbers so well like nobody else can do and there's like a just a flickering
here in her couple of calls how long is there love in and they're talking about people that even
i didn't remember i mean people who died like before you call a catch in time was born and it was
grim i think that he had is one of your biggest fans i want to really what we talk about him all the
time he's a giant really history he's a monster in the business all the time especially when you're
on early in the morning a little more different during yeah i haven't seen lary and ages is he
put on some weight now he's really good he's taken off really he really has you've taken off we
all know i've gained a ton i had to i saw you the last time you look great he is big as a house and
i was a little bit rough but isn't apartment complex but we've shared a lot of food over the years
yes sack and tie yeah so we did get some of those freemials anyway we went to the famous was a
sponsor bars in the same salesman with a glasses i made he rest in peace that was his account
and we went with ernie slow and behind the velvet rope and uh god did they feed us
yeah do you remember that they had buckets of mots of balls and creplach and we just pay oh famous
really had great that was a great play really had so good when the famous clothes that was like the
death knell for this town that was like the end of the whole town was kind of and kneeled on
out and rode yeah absolutely i remember that that the other night it was that the boat was a good
place i like meals and i that's long gone yeah we remember in the turf pub oh yeah exciting episode
down to the turf pub we could tell some great stories some of them of course not on the air but uh it
was uh it was a fun two years i didn't make any money at all and the amazing part of it is now i'm
making gigantic amounts of money and i still don't have any money i have nothing i have don't
have two nickels to rub together god i can remember when you were trying to get a new car and
today i understand wait a minute wait wait wait marvin you said three breaks okay we already
did one oh three more breaks for this marvin man i think this week he and Laura have been doing
little too much hanky panky in there oh my all right let's hold that thought whatever it was
because marvin distracted me what three more breaks now he's got two breaks okay that sounds good
to me how about one anyway i got so many food spots i don't know how i do lose anyway at the
melting pot have you been to the pot i've heard you know melting pot i understand you're going to buy
a restaurant d 1028 at wio d now if you don't know who Craig Worthing is let me just put it this way
Craig is a what no seriously a walking role model for why you should never get into this business
you heard me many times tell these people don't get into the business now you got a mobile already
you want to speak to you hello hello good call you you're not going to believe this you're not
going to believe this you know i i'm ready to blow my brains out here you know i'm holding these
two things down they're not doing anything marvin they're doing nothing where do you hear the
call up from you'll hear it don't worry don't come from hello hello there we go it's a miracle okay
go ahead i'm sorry Craig yeah hi you know this is Joe and and i'm only going to identify myself i'm
the guy that sweats when i eat Chinese food oh yeah how are you doing nice talking well that sounds
appetizing yeah nice talking with you i was starting to hear the news but i know you're going to
land on your feet my friend oh yeah yeah i i'm glad you know he's landed elsewhere so often it's
about time he landed on his feet at least i made it to the Neil Rogers show by god it's nice to
have an audience yeah we have so many guests you know hey Craig you getting paid for this spot i got
free soda by we got lunch coming pizza lofts bringing lunch hey listen we'll bring him an every day
and a feed him if that's what it takes will bring Stan sunny Fox all the unemployed radio people in here
hey listen i'll be in touch with you i want to talk with you thank you good talk to have a nice day
okay yeah well that's embarrassing what a nice thing here and i go to punch it no it works it's great
we have to wear headsets and i hate wearing it well we originally did but we got michaween here is the
greatest engineer in the history of broadcasting and he put in the overhead thing like we used to have
it win that's terrific and so we don't have to wear that definitely i'm sorry they have to wear headsets
it yeah wld i didn't know first time i've won headsets and yes but you know as much as we used to
you know you're talking about the old kt we did have a great phone system yes clear good was
real good especially when the board ops used to put the calls through it wasn't to do when they
didn't put the calls through you do remember that one great day when my i you you're ever see the
skit on Saturday night live with buck Henry or he's doing the talk show and no calls he can't yeah
pumping the number of talking about let's kill puppies let's boil babies no calls and he finally
gets a call to wrong number or something well i'm basically i'm sitting there doing my show and
i go through that boring monologue and uh... you know screaming and carrying on nothing is happening
on the phone and i'm getting hysterical and so i figure well i'll really go nuts you know and i'm
i don't remember what the topics were but nothing is happening on the phone well to make a long
story short this has been going on for a while on off i was starting to get suspicious so remember
sand that used to work in production oh sure sam became a spy of mine and he kind of soldered
upstairs see the control room and the studio were way in two separate parts of the building so we
couldn't see when calls were coming in they would come into control room they bought up would
screen them and put them through you'd have to do a thing where you put them through one of the
phone and then they would light up in the studio well to make a long story short every line we
had five lines at that time four day and one brown at that every line was lit but he wasn't
putting them through so i went nuts on the air and we had a little intercom little light that used
to flash we pick up the phone to communicate with the board up and he said to me is that better
yeah as if as if hey i'm eating my sandwich up here don't bother me got you right after you left
they put in two way monitors so we could see them and they could see yeah really yeah and i was
doing that same type of thing you're talking about and no phones and there was nobody on the monitor
it was gone it was empty and you know you couldn't break for anything you couldn't break you
couldn't do anything you had no control in that studio and for 40 minutes i'm talking and i
can't get phones i can't take a break i can't do anything and i'm thinking what the hell is going
on and nobody on that monitor enjoy what it come in if you've got no they had a bomb scare and they
cleared the building but left you left the talk that happened to me one time too and they left me
in there and everybody else was out in the parking lot go to show you what value a talk host is we
got what do you make your money or any of these news comes on i go outside i look around
there's nobody there i go and i look in the open the door and there's everybody in the parking lot
oh we have a little bomb threat well i'll tell you they really are all hard that's a true story
they're all hard over there anyway it's really a criminal what happened to that radio station even
even though we didn't make a lot of money and even though the audience was pretty geriatric we
had a lot of fun it was like hey i'm considering the marginal signal at that station had it that
very well we did pretty well not only that but what about the equipment it always autographed by
my colony yeah no promotion it was amazing the equipment was so ancient they had they had those
old microphones that you see in those pictures with Edison you know those in those documentaries
you know those real ancient big microphones the size of the mind ever i got a couple of them
for all time say and then of course i told was telling just the other day somebody the Howard
premier story about how Howard was sitting this is one of the great stories in the history of broadcast
and here's this guy who when i went there he was like a news flunky he just was an unpaid news
flunky then he became Joe Freed's assistant who also by the way passed away Joe Freed was an
interesting guy but anyway uh huh how's Jean T-bloom doing that's another great story do you
remember the day that he beat up the board off he took him out on the street and beat up the board
off Craig and i got stories that just there will dazzle you so anyway Howard managed to eventually
become something i don't know news director whatever and when the herndstats owned the radio
station the senator from Las Vegas and his wife who just absolutely butchered up that radio station
they were gonna fire Howard and he's sitting out there and on that sofa outside her office and
she's in there with the door closed with the new program director who just came from where
Washington or somewhere program director of the month of the year and the program director was
there for a week or whatever and he was and he quit while he was in there on but oats to her
so now he walks out she doesn't know whether the scream orita banana and Howard premier sitting
out there she's gonna fire him while she brings him in and makes him program director well she did
one better than that uh... this is the folks again now he owns a radio station this yes this this
this uh... guy was fired at the talk show host i can't think of his name and a week later he was
hired back as program director i was the only one who never made program director on that station
no me too well you know what i was that oh yeah but i was gonna be program director
but you know the last minute change Lynn Russell who you now see on cnn on edline news
was doing a good job by the way he looks great by the way he's doing a nice one shop
but uh... Lynn became program director for a variety of reasons which we probably won't pursue
on the air anyway it was the first girl i ever used rough language on the f word really had a big
fight right in the lobby after she was named program director are you serious i remember some
interesting conversations out in the lobby uh... oh yeah he would he craig probably he's better
than leaf out when it comes to doing a show with no microphone i mean he could do a show in Miami
be heard in richman virginia with no problem at all and the he also used to have this thing
slapping the table to and i remember one day he and i were having an argument about
marty cohn is he still around by the way or the uh... not they just celebrated his 90th
are you serious don't for what we're having some kind of an argument and craig was there and and
things were bouncing off the tables in the uh... in the hallway it was incredible anyway we got
to do a little thing here is Henry alive is Henry uh... it's not Henry it's gale not so bright is
ready for the update it's ten thirty five craig warning is here if you don't know who he is
that's your tough life for a while he's desperate for a job he's another unemployed radio person
if you want to talk to craig calling it time because he's here to hang out eat some lunch get
whatever the hell he can out of this and it will come out
ten thirty nine craig was just telling me about leaf founder and how he copies everything that we
do on the show but i get them all the time i don't think he's got this yet but he could
i understand he's working on it all inside addition on channel seven seven to seven thirty
tomorrow night on channel seven are going to do a little slice job on me so i'll be looking forward to
the really i don't know supposedly it's going to be a positive piece but it never winds up being
positive you remember the great thing in traffic magazine they did on me i know and i wrote the
letter and you figured that i was out to get me a but my only point was that i said that i wrote
them a personal letter that's right you wrote a letter i always knew there was a reason i didn't like
craig yeah but uh... you wrote me a letter saying what a great piece mark fisher did in the
but i wrote that i wrote to this guy a personal letter because everybody was talking about it in
town obviously and i said anytime you want to take kneels name out of it and leave the same column
put me in i don't mind because i'm from the old school that good spell my name spell my name
writing give me the p r that's all and then he took excerpts out and put the damn letter in the
thing oh no listen in the long run it did help there's no question it was a lot of good free
publicity i mean when you get the front page of traffic in a herald uh... five full pages of
and pictures there were least six people who spoke english who read a big big bonus turning
point my career no doubt anyway uh...
i don't know how much we want to talk about wol d but the bottom line is you were doing uh
overnight tonight i remember when steve left there to come here i mentioned this the other day
you did the afternoon if a nine weeks that was my biggest disappointment of course i wanted that
shift and uh... you know i that was not your thing though it just that i'm i said that the other
and i said it at the time it just you were like a fish out of water
if uh... the format would have been different it could have been your thing but you're like you're
a midday you know the three ten to two like nine to one at night over night but there's no money
there but i mean for example and i don't want to create a problem but if you were doing nine to one
at night over there i don't want to mention any other names that would be perfect didn't you do nine
to one here at one time i did nine to one at i and see the first year and a half against what i
came down to tonight at all nights here after alan and uh... i worked every hour and still in the
other room by the way i can well believe it i'm amazed all the all the uh... the hall of fame
down the hall here is not still up i remember that yeah we'll take you over to the alan courtney memorial
studio later you can pay homage you know it'll be great i love to get alan courti i couldn't
come into the studio at night until alan came out of the only at four and a half minutes between
breaks you know the double doors here and i wasn't allowed to come in and nothing left in the studio
oh wait a minute let me clarify something uh... sure made just a little uh booboo here it's inside
story no that is right inside story not inside addition i should have caught that you notice how we
got all the shows outside story inside the story upstairs during we're going to be on inside story
tomorrow night on channel seven at seven o'clock not on inside addition which is on channel six
although we do love channel six but uh... i do too but we can't even get it on our cable please
but anyway but anyway i i only had about four minutes to come in and i had an ambitious as a guest
really lord and so we're standing outside there and alan to bad end doesn't know who i am by the way
she knows who you are that's a long story going on so he's leaving and on the way and i'm
introducing alan courtney this is ambitious and bishop this is alan courtney and he says to and
you're not bad for a woman the whole night he was in another world he didn't want to talk to me
he just alienated he was he was a warm friendly guy wasn't he was beautiful roomy and orange
one and it came across on the air to what do you want get off you know it was just uh
he made burks seem like mr. warm but he was the king to you came along but he had horrendous
demographics i mean oh well yeah well back dead and dead in the near-dead graph oh that's true
that is true there's been a little revolution that's been going on and of course our friends at
wold haven't discovered it yet but that's another story anyway you filled in and they jerked
you around there and then i'm the only guy in the world who can burn bridges and end up at that
station whatever it is hey listen i ripped him but i ripped this place so unmercifully when disney came
here i know you did and and deservedly so they admit it they say you know everything you said was
true right because they put berk on they put all his crap on on the weekend which they haven't
improved much by the way you might want to think about doing weekends for some serious money
no i see that saving money with the best of nail the best of day oh yeah still everybody yeah
the story on the best of kneel by the way they came to me on a friday and um bill wise said to me
who shows up only like alternate friday he plays a lot of golf he said to me well now mike
disney tells me he's spoken to you about this best of nia rass said what i said no it's not
a my contract i don't know anything about that but so the next day it went on the air
but what was i gonna say i mean i don't really care it's certainly been working six days which i
did at i and z that was brutal that was gary loren should forever be punished for making me do that
six days of this is too much six days of time even at k a day we didn't do six days i did
i had to you did yeah oh yeah but that was for but you got paid extra for that yes i did some real
heavy heavy who you dollars for those days no i really think in those days we had more money
than we do now well in your case that's that could be true of almost anything well i did i
did for the most i haven't made in this business kneeled the height my last year at i and z
and my for i mean my last year kt and my first year that overnight at i and z until how frank
had me fired through david rada who i never met i made thirty nine thousand dollars that was the
most ever made in the business since then it's been a downhill slide but i wasn't bad at the time
though that was i wasn't not that money i'm complaining i managed to get by because i'm a little
tight as you and larry always say you know yeah just i wouldn't know what to do with the money you're
making i mean i really wouldn't know what to do with it by the way i remember i like to try to
layer it out what a larry's favorite diets remember a place called marries in north maimmy where we
used to get pizza over time when you lived up there okay marry case okay no no marries no marries
all marries on seven thousand seven yeah and larry camp was on these alternate diets like all
the rest of us it used to get these enormous extra large pizzas and he would eat the topping off
the pizza and throw the crust away good the topping only had forty seven thousand calories but
uh marries was good now that area has changed dramatic oh god yes for the worst i mean that whole uh
those those were pretty interesting days i lived at twin lakes racquet club by the golden glades
and you lived on there by um just down on the road at five hundred and thirty fifths
remember when you used to sneak up to a poppin out a drink those magnificent strawberry diaries at
the strawberry diaries yeah well that's what they were called wasn't it you mean at the track
no no no no we went to the track with you but no one potato to potato or three potato four
oh yeah boy that's really good to have great strawberry diaries yeah why does he keep saying
diaries that's what the word is dacarees no no no i hate that's in botany diaries is that
is that of a scene where it was it was it was so crazy dikaree why it sounds like a place where
Sally Jessie doing her shoulder break got all her guests out from that dikaree that place
was so crowded you had to wait at the bar for your table for so long yeah i got blank that was
there very good place it was great it's not very well right one out of business all the good places
went out i've got some good places now but that other place you had a sponsor the the health food
place the unicorn they made a great drink you know that that's what barricorn is doing great
oh i was over the other day allegedly and the terry's been promising me this for a long time
there's supposed to be opening one up in plantation or really which would do so well yeah because
plantations got a dearth of restaurant we don't have anything how do you live i don't understand
this how did you come to live in boca well yeah boca is so far from anywhere you had to be
burning up all your gas money just going to work every night i i had a very short television
career on channel 39 and uh... so i was looking for a midway point to to everybody in the family
could get to their jobs somebody working in west prime and i was working in hollywood and boca
happened to be the middle point and i said i can't afford boca but i found a little uh...
groveling area you know where they have a squad as rights and i get into what they call a townhouse
or i call it duplex and uh... that's where i am it's cheap it was cheap at the time to get it
cheaper there to live than to live in date county of brow it and it was middle then i got fired
two weeks later a channel that i look at him these different stories keep coming back to mind
because we really had a lot of fun during especially the k t days and we had a sponsor called the
cock and bull restaurant uh... she members yeah one with a big cock on the roof and a little girl i remember that
yeah i serve him i got a problem that one yeah i fell anyway now what was the guy's name is
all taster and what was his son i had the one highly i don't remember that i mean there were really
nice people and it was very good it wasn't a pretty good
that that that that's pretty good no i mean for what it was it wasn't a fancy gourmet restaurant
but it was a working man's restaurant exactly we ate for free and i always thought those
friends that guy in fact now it just comes back to mind build the shara who's on which
new all the time playing music and playing his guitar and chubby would call chair that
haha and i'll never forget he was telling us this story about how he was doing his elvis
imitation build a shara and how the whole crowd would look at him and say elvis it's elvis
i'm just struck man this guy sounded like elvis about as much as remember the guy that sat in for
reneary those clowns on that friday and they were all doing voice and they were doing imitations
and they were all using their own voice okay it would be like my saying okay here's line of turner
hi everybody how you doing and that that was how much he sounded like elvis
the other greatest story when you were probably the worst crying fit in the history of mankind you
were doing a spot some live spot you were on and i was in the studio a kt kt and they had these huge
drapes okay these big red velvet plush drapes and there was a bird bath outside and you're standing
in the window and watch the bird bath that'd be one of the most exciting things that would happen
and you were doing a spot one of these real geriatric things for some some geriatric equipment
supply place and the line was something about what you said arched heels or something
yeah i don't remember what i was i don't know the word that started it but you started laughing
and i started laughing to the point where i was shaking and i was holding onto the drapes to keep
from falling on the floor i was laughing so hard and he's sitting there trying to do a serious
but because this was a geriatric this was not a laughy up it out that's not a pull around spot and i
tell you i look back at him and his face was so red and he was in one of those laughing fits to
the point where i thought he was going to choke to death on the air was incredible right after you
left i got to tell a quick story remember the big red carpet in that studio yeah i had glen rinker
and and bishop on his guess and i had about four spots backed up to do live back on one
of top of another and so and i shouldn't tell it and bishop laid spreading a lot on the floor out
there and then rinker got on top of her and was you know what is the truth and she leaned out
from under which he said could you picture Ralph renek doing this and i just broke all over
are you serious that's a story that is an incredible story to that and doesn't know who i am
it's five past eleven at w i o d lea fallers as he would love to call but is prohibited by w j n o
management and we know that jiff charles is leaving for w p r o and providence roe dylan and we
wish him well he uh don't buy a house Jeff that's all i can tell you he changes jobs more often
and some people change underwear doesn't he him and it till well at least he doesn't mind moving
all over the country say i won't do that i don't want to i don't really know what to say because i
know that this guy's leaving and there's a job opening up there so i don't want to create anything
that would create a problem for you so anything that i say please keep in mind it's that nasty rotten
meal at say play but i'm not ready to play but i'm on day off i'd be more than happy to take the blame
but this management up there w j n o you saw jickas column the other day where they don't want any
of their people going on i read that he shows with people from other states which is so petty and so
trial deal now lee is prohibited to call by the management up there now i must say this and this
is this is an honest statement lee foulard on the year is mediocre at best lee foulard calling my
show is sensational his greatest performances were calls to my show and i used to we used to kid him
about it lee you ought to you ought to be a professional caller and get paid by the call they call
all the different talk shows because on the phone he's funny he's great he's a funny guy really
here he does all that over the authors and stealing my material and stealing steves guests and all
of that crap but on the phone he's great so now they've taken away the one area of his career that he
really had growing that was really going for calling the show and they've cut it out like tearing
his guts out okay let's take some calls for Craig because i could go on here and it would just
mean nothing to anybody including Craig sunrise hello hi hi uh neal first of all i have to tell you
that yours is the first voice i heard in 78 uh i i really missed talk shows you mean like when
you woke up in the morning one day or no as a matter of fact and i mean i've already remember
no it wasn't in the morning it was dry for us a 78 we're becoming home fermenting and i switched
through radio and i heard your wife and i listened forever wow i must have a rich full life to remember
that day and everything well no no don't put my life down i knew you would do that because i know
you so well just a little joke okay i'll tell you i'll tell you why i remember it so well because i
was a fan of Bob Grant when i came down here i went without uh talk radio for three years and i
just happened to enjoy talk radio and uh as well it was just a little bit of information that yours
was the first voice at any rate Craig well one of my favorite people i think you're tremendously
talented and i've had it with that other station and so i helped me god i stayed with them for 11
years and last night was the first time i refused to turn it on and i won't well i appreciate that man
but let's face it we're all fickle including myself and we all get disappointed to be a radio station
the television stations but uh you don't give up stations because you know oh yes i know oh yes i
know see you maybe you do but you're rare exception because generally what happens all those loyal
people that love you and they would just go crazy if you left the new voice comes on on Monday after
you've been canned on friday and the new voice comes on and does 20 minutes and goes the first call
and the caller says oh you're a breath of fresh air that's the favorite line this time no matter
who it really it could be it could be a giraffe okay making guttural sounds that it all out of breath
of fresh air well i'm afraid i'm not like that and and let me explain why i feel as i do first of
all i'd say you're one of my favorite people i enjoyed you in the afternoon when you took over those
and i enjoyed you thoroughly at one in the morning because that's my time my family is all taken care
and that's my time that's one of the advantages really of overnight people a little more
intimate and relaxed absolutely we're not all geriatric out there i'm you know that's true that's
another myth that people have now again i you know i'm sure if you could break down and see it
on paper it probably would show heavily but as far as call as i found younger call as on an
online show then i did it many other hours down here yeah for a nice i have been staleo typed as
the old ladies favorite you know when witchner had your when witchner had your spot it was older when
you came on the scene it was lively it was fun well jerry's most jerry's listeners died 20 years
ago but nobody told him that's a problem they died about the time his wig passed out listen have a
great day i want to tell you one thing in closing yeah what in closing why i say i turned off to
the station it's not simply because they fired Craig or that you left or cane left or leaf
all right wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute hold it i never work for this outfit thank god i
never worked for Jefferson no you didn't i got i got out two owners ago and i can assure you i
never will work for jerry because they don't want to pay anybody anything you happen to be right
because they really don't know what they're doing and they should sell but at any rate the reason
i am never going to listen again is because they have made it very plain and clear that they don't
give a damn about the listeners we didn't want Craig to leave we didn't want cane to leave
i prefer to wait a minute ma'am i've got to interrupt here and i appreciate your loyalty but at
the same time i don't believe management of local radio stations down here any of them really
really give a damn about the listener they care about the bottom line and that's what the
corporation cares about and they're no different than this station or any other station well maybe
something i mean i'm not thrilled with that either but let me say this too though if they didn't
have the fm if they didn't have life with those humongous numbers of people listening in elevators
and dentist offices if they didn't have that they might as well shut the a m off at this point
based on what i understand now that could be wrong but i don't think so that is fine that i'm old
because i listened to that once in a while yes listen have a wonderful life
well i wish you that too okay thank you okay you never turn on a listen to life really never
never i don't even know where it is on the dial okay i don't know everything about radio who you know
i don't i have no idea where it is i swear to you i wouldn't if you would want to give me a million
dollars and said tune the radio punch it up immediately i couldn't do it i have no i think
forgetting you came out of a music background see i but not live that is no no no i am the watch
no what i'm saying you came out of you were a rock jock and those kind of things and i forget that
so is i well keep it in mind okay we have an open line with that i wouldn't show on life that's
that's my favorite man especially when Bob Lasseter used to do the voiceovers i'd be so depressed
i want to blow my brains up okay we have an open line in brown or five two four w i d craig
worthing you see if you want to get your car painted i remember used to drive that checker cab
yeah no matter what spot i got here there's something with craig all these colorful stories that
i used to drive this old checker cab and boy did it need a paint job bad and if arcoe would have
been around then you could have taken it over there anyway it's eleven sixteen that's true there's
a trend coming out on friday unfortunately overnight don't show in there nobody gets a down
bottle the nights you're getting yeah what is for me yeah except for those who would like to have
a job yeah anyway sharing was right you've been much too nice to wol d and it's about
but i know it's around you think i'm a wimp and a was but i really have no axe to grind with it
one of the one of the art you went out of your position the old that we can burn bridges you can
you're able to do it that's why we all envy you and and admire you for that i love it when
you give hell to management you know i've had my fair share but at that i'm doing is telling the
truth that most of them are morons most of them are subhuman douchebags who treat us like garbage
like chattelty you know just use you like a cattle exactly and most of them don't have any
talents you that's the thing i recently come out of sales most of the margins glorified sales people
who can't do anything else in a business and then they become in management you know i've never
forget Stanley coen at wion z i used to have some of the most frustrating conversations with
Stanley jay coen who again was a sales manager who all of a sudden when how frank left he just
inherited becoming general manager right and i would go in there and he would say no don't talk
to me about engineering i don't know anything about it don't talk to me about programming i don't
know anything about programming don't talk and i would say to him Stanley what do you know about
and he would sit there with his jaw down it was puppet he wouldn't have an answer because he didn't
know i think about anything it was a nice guy but he knew nothing about nothing and he was my boss
yeah now the people here i will say this i mean i rip him a lot and i kill him with them but
seriously the people here other than being brain defective they are they're tremendous they're
really incredible i don't think they know anything but they're very nice people which is amazing
the only other now you and i used to argue about sydlovan because you had i love it sit wait a minute
wait a minute you like him too i like him personally it pains me deeply i don't know why
well not deeply like about this thing but it bugs me that this man has never ever
made a phone call never dropped me a line i mean he was like he was my first general manager in
this market now i had him on my show couple times when he was shilling for the governor remember
a couple of those yeah posh political jobs that he's so famous for and i had him on a show
couple of times but he never said them in fact he always would make comments to other people around
like well you know we're trying to explain wait a minute on this try to reform me you know get him
to be in other words syd would give the impression that he was depressed because i didn't go back to
that old bill smith monotone terminally boring talk that he used to love i mean i but he loved
you on the i've got to tell you a quick story and i really shouldn't because i i'm no
closer to said than you are except i would oh you love sit i would work for sit i like
sit a bit you love sit a bit the nicest person ever worked well i love it i never in the
way i could do it so no i did it i'm deli and there's one thing where his brother says he says
i like bread you love bread i like bread yeah you love sit a bit i like i really do love it a lot
he's a nice guy but he really out of his room and he really used to love you on the air the only time
he got upset with you was after you left you went on w one to n w s and uh for about two or three
nights you really did a job on n w s and on sit at one afternoon i was i was till a k t obviously one
afternoon i was going into the uh studio and he was steaming in his office right off the studio
there and i said what's the matter and he said i can't understand him i let him do what he wanted
i liked him he knows i liked him and why is he crapping on me like that he really was upset that
you'd scrapped on him because he really liked you only i talked about was the fact remember with the
um was it metoreal yeah that he was when he was on a metro and he was a guy and he used to try to
bring wash us and but he never stopped is he just said sometimes he's not going overboard he just um
believe me that that was unfortunate but he always liked on the air there's no two ways about he used
to tell me that one i want one of the great things i was on from two to six and Sid would be in his
office after five when most of the people had left so it would be basically him and me and the
board op was ten miles away down the hall and i would often in that five o'clock hour see i didn't
realize in those days member in the book from two to four i had these you had great numbers and i
had great numbers two to four four to six like the audience would disappear from me and the reason
being that two to four was still screaming in yelling time i'm trying to convince Steve of this four
to six and Jerry Williams proved it when he came to nws that year four to six is drive time they don't
want grief they don't want screaming in yelling they want fun and games they want life they want
that's what they want to hear they've just had a rough day they're in that awful traffic they want
fun and games so anyway you know and i'd be seeing they're trying to get the audience motivated and
getting the phones to ring and here i'm talking basically to a bunch of people over the age of a
hundred anyway and i'm going on i'm pounding on the table you people just don't care about these
things you can't do yeah i said i don't care if you call i don't give a damn if you even listen and
there was a little voice would come he'd be in his office which was right next door to the studio
and there'd be an adjacent door and i think i do yeah i know i'm gonna hit could hear i'd be trying
to be serious and i would just about crack up on the air because i'd hear it said i do i know
i'm around you know and it was uh those were pretty interesting days and then we had some real
great towns there Jim Alton who's the only talk uh host do ever had a street named after him
as true i know i know what i have to but you know you prove something in radio the last many years
and i felt it long time ago even though i got that rid that wonderful tag of the king of pap and
dribble that yes when something exciting is happening like the riots or something like that talk
about it but i think talk shows all over the country overdue on this serious and the news
all that all the ground and when gbs was on a year doing talk here i mentioned this the other day
here you had four stations doing all the same guys to all the same topics and man that was that
was such bad burnout and nobody larry kentus said this many times nobody ever calls it and says hey
would you do another one of those great shows on aids or one of those great education shows now we
say remember the time that you you yelled at so and so they remember and enjoyed the fun stuff
larry blick proved it yeah and many others as well uh bokeh this must be one of your bill collectors
in bokeh hello hi how you're Neil great i think you said it all but i i was so disappointed
the other night when i turned the radio on and craig was on and i sally was on i own sally's
the nice person i'll get out of here will you like sally no it's not bad counselor without
portfolio it's like brain surgeon without no i don't like her radio show but i like so she's
wonderful well there are a lot of nice people sit in ice guy just keep him out of the business
huh hello yes go ahead i'm sorry we're getting emotional and you know how it is well i'm not
happy it's true i i like her the person but do not like her on radio especially let her get us
to bread hot dog stand okay anything right after one a night i want a clock in the morning you
don't want to hear all these depressing stories uh could really made me very happy is to laugh
it in the middle of my just listening to him um very unhappy about him not being a
biostation ma'am and i'll come work for you first thing i guarantee you i will and i come cheap i'm
not like Neil with hundreds of thousands of dollars you can get me cheap yeah i try to get the radio
state uh the end of uh the end of the s uh this morning uh directly the program director no one
answers the phone what does that tell you i don't know about an hour that i don't know that's
that tell you anything man i call three times and the operator says well you have to try later and
then i'm so frustrated i turned on Neil and there you were well well when you're really frustrated
turn me on that level beautiful then you'll forget about all your other problems have a good day
thank you okay boy you sure gave her short trip no i just thought you were going to anyway that was
preg that hung up on you dear i was enchanted with your call and if you believe that okay we have
being a guest you know especially with you why oh because it's tough it is tough do you like being a
guest on somebody oh sure do you really when i used to hang around with caught her after midnight or
with stand different you it was kind of a two way thing that's different but being a guest is there
not a minute anyway oh we no matter what you say i'm gonna disagree anyway we have an open
line in Palm Beach six five five w i o d why is craigs so nice and you're so mean see you were the
one that started that with me in this mark no i know but that's what's that craig used to do that
that's what you know and i was mr. heavy i was the heavy weight in the afternoon and more
ways than one and i was uh doing all the real i was i was the hatchet guy and i used to take all the
abuse from those little old ladies over there and that's where i just started back that night
brought to eat with calleders Saudi and food back the same thing with calleders audio but i made
up for it's his oh god yeah believe you me and there's one of the beneficiaries of it right there
boy he's been he's eaten more yeah but last year skinny i know what we'd like to hit i can't stand
that drives him crazy you know i'm not a while by the way that you and i used to do kind of a
point counterpoint on this format yeah sure pointless counterpoint that was point 24 past 11 at w i o d
Hey, let me tell you about new Trist system right.
Thanks a million, Jeff.
This is fantastic.
Pete's a lot strikes again.
And what the hell am I going to do?
You know, wasn't I just saying at the beginning of the show
that I'm going to have a really, really good day today?
You weren't going to do anything?
Well, I didn't say anything.
Well, and that was what you said.
And little Andy Pasta, I'm just going to have a little of this.
You're going to love the shells.
OK, trust me.
These are great.
Well, you go ahead and eat.
I have one or two things I want to ask Craig.
And you're going to have to bear with me
because it's going to take him a minute to answer my questions.
Am I that wrong?
I went in?
No, no, no.
It's just going to take you a minute to explain this.
By the way, Dennis, good morning.
How are you doing?
I'm good.
I just, I try to be friendly with him.
I know he's listening.
He's just monitoring right now.
You know, yeah.
Now it's not true that he used to have somebody
taping my show every day.
Is it not that I am aware of?
That was a room.
I really am not aware of it.
I went honestly.
When I ran into you at that softball game that night,
now it's talking to you about a guest
that you had on your show over there, the alien.
Right.
Can you tell us a little bit about the aliens?
Strange.
I had the alien finally rescheduled to do a show next Monday night.
Did you really?
I know this whole thing sounds ridiculous,
but I was working up in West Palm and a guy called me
one afternoon in the office.
And I've done shows with supposed extra terrestrial before.
And it's always stupid.
I've seen some of the guests in I believe.
But this guy kept me on the pump for like two or three hours.
Said he was over.
He was here from another out of space.
But but but but.
And he really didn't sound like a jerk.
So as after two hours, I said, would you do a show?
And he didn't tell me his name or where he was from or anything else.
I said, would you do a show with me?
He said sure.
And I he said, how about such and such a night?
We did a show for labs.
And I figured, well, people are going to call it and say,
this is ridiculous.
And believe it or not, 90% of the calls bought it.
Yeah.
Bought it.
And I'm saying, friends, this has to be a put on.
I'm sure it's some guy with a couple guys with buds out there drinking
and have a nice show.
Well, over the since then, we've done maybe a half a dozen shows
in the last four years.
And whenever he calls me and it's been about nine months since I've heard
from him, and I'm sure it's a big put on.
I don't believe in people from out of space, whether they live here
or any place else with that matter.
But the amazing thing is that the majority of people who ever call in
are talking to him like he's really it, you know?
And when I told you that night that I just couldn't give you the name
because I didn't have the name or number the next time I talked to him,
I'd see if he wanted to do it.
And that was the extent of it.
He was always on the phone.
He would like, you couldn't call him.
Couldn't call him.
He called you.
Never came.
I couldn't get him in the station.
Never came in the station.
And he's never, you know, you figure out the four years he's looking for something.
He's something behind all this.
And his whole message behind everything is basically don't use,
I mean, don't use colored toilet paper.
Don't you?
You know, what about colored toilet paper cosies?
Well, don't get me down.
Come on.
I know you never forgot the cosy thing.
I did anything to I want to tell you a few people who are listening
could have gone on a tour.
They should have turned that into a museum.
Shouldn't they?
What is that building now?
Is it still a cruise line bought it?
Really?
They should have turned that into a museum.
Art Smith could have been the curator of the museum, the old, enjoyable building.
He's still around.
Art Smith is a curator with the Planetarium.
He was always tight with Jack Orkheimer.
Anyway, what was I starting to say?
They should have turned into a museum.
Because when you walked in, especially the talk studio,
had this huge old piano band ball,
Craig started this thing about,
leave it to Craig to come up with his little old ladies,
toilet tissue cosies, which were...
Now that is in how it started.
Which were knitted little things
that you put around a roll of toilet paper in the Budwa.
I mean, I've never heard of many of them.
Well, even penis cosies.
They sent in a whole bunch of those.
Don't you remember those?
We get cosies to come every thing.
We get cosies.
Don't you remember the folks used to knit those penis cosies
with the little gonads on them?
Don't you remember all those?
Because these are auctioned with these languages,
man, is using on here.
I'm using very clinical language.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
Compared to you, I do.
I remember that.
I'm a real novice for me to forget something like that.
It's shocking, okay?
It all started over a teapot
because my mother used to have a cozy on a teapot.
That's how it started.
And then I got into the toilet paper ones
and the penis cosies and all the other things that they sent.
And we auction them off for charity.
I know it was stupid, but what the hell?
I'll do anything to get a little attention.
Love that bird bath.
It's 11.32 at W.I.O.D. Homestead.
Hello.
Hi.
How you doing?
I'm doing good. I, Craig.
Hi there.
Champagne, lady.
How are you?
Doing great.
What should I know?
It's called yesterday to the station.
And oh, I waited and waited and waited.
And I was on one visit.
I want you to know.
And I just made up my mind.
I was going to find out.
I just do what they were going to say.
I knew they were going to say, well, we had all of the animal
lovers braiding up and down this morning
because of what he said about that little chihuahua.
We had one of the funniest calls I ever got the other night.
A lady called in and talked about her son-in-law.
She didn't like.
But when her daughter was away, was having...
I didn't even let her go.
I dumped her.
No, no, no.
Well, it was funny.
We haven't dumped this guy.
I can't believe it.
I guess this is the kind of stuff they do overnight.
I guess.
Well, you can do stuff between midnight and midnight.
But this is not midnight.
It was clinical.
It was clinical.
We have people monitoring this show now as we speak.
We would just love to hear those kinds of things.
Well, they can play me for that.
That was a joke.
That happened.
You're not working.
They can't get you fired.
I have no money until they can't serve me.
That's what I figured I was going to hear.
You know, that that was the reason that they let you go.
No, no, that had nothing to do with it.
But it was so funny because it just made me realize
you were the only one who had many things to do.
It's so funny.
God, all right.
I'm not going to let any of you go.
We didn't leave on bad terms.
I know everybody liked to see me sit here and rank them.
But I, you know, I'm hurt.
Well, we already did.
But I, you know, what he's used to it.
I've been in a business a long time.
He's getting used to getting juked.
Well, I've been following a very long time.
I took my glasses on last night to listen to Sally.
She still looks down.
He better straight down to Ross.
Yeah.
Well, she'd sound better if she were live.
That's what a problem is.
She's got, she's got an on Courtney disease.
And let me tell you.
She died 20 years ago.
Did you look in, looking at crates pockets?
No, I haven't looked in crates pockets.
That's a pretty much a job.
And he travels late.
And he used to be a DJ.
And he's got two tapes.
One's prudence, candy, singing Massachusetts.
And the other one is the onion frog.
Good talking to you.
Thank you.
I can have a great life.
It's 11.35 a.w.I.o.D.
We have an open line, Dave Kray-Bowler.
OK, Lee.
I'm a wonderful show.
It's 21 till noon.
I beg your pardon.
You play your own stuff?
Yeah.
Oh, that's great.
I've been doing it for years.
Anyway, you control everything.
Yeah.
That's great.
Not the spots that spots are in there,
but like all this other nonsense we have over here.
That's nice.
Yes, it is.
Anyway, here's Port Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi, Craig.
Hi.
I call the station too.
I found that you weren't there.
Yes.
And if you asked, I asked about.
What did he clean out that shelves or what?
Well, you know, I just find it's eating like it's the last
supper, man.
Free take.
And they put me on hold.
And then I call back and ask for someone about introduction.
And I told them, this is how I tell you, we've got 40 people
at work that listen to you for the whole four hours.
And we've also had a meeting.
Where the hell were you when I was dying for a phone call
at 4.30 in the morning?
Well, we can't get away from work.
I understand.
You know, to call, but we do listen.
And we have all switched to WIOD and that's how I knew you're
going to be asking for that.
Well, thank God for that.
Are you listening, Dennis?
Did you hear that?
I'll show you all this thing, hopefully here before.
You know, I appreciate it.
But you know, what can they say when you call it?
Because again, it was it was a decision that I don't believe
that they really wanted to make, but they were forced to make.
I'm just waiting for you to pop up somewhere again.
You'll wait.
Don't pop up.
Trust me.
My children are waiting.
They're up at Kmart waiting.
You know, I waited to hear Neil do my invitation because they say
he does it does me better than I do me.
Oh, I just, which obviously he's working.
Well, you're a breath of fresh air.
Get out of here.
I've told I've heard my station and it's not going back on WNW.
Well, congratulations.
I'm going to talk to you.
Don't do that.
Have a good day.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I can't tell you.
You know, I finally did hear you.
You know how I finally heard you?
Somebody called the show one night about, I don't know,
you're in a half two years ago and the played you,
imitating me.
My daughter used to say, oh, daddy, you got to hear him.
When he does it, he sounds better than you and Larry's
and tell me and everybody's been telling me, and I never heard
you do it.
I've heard a request for it.
I heard I used to hear Greg Budella and the other fella.
I came, sorry, I forgot his name.
Donald.
Yeah, do it.
But I, well, everybody heard Donald's not on there anymore.
Oh, really?
They used to do imitations of you.
Don Agganese, I just, I'm sorry.
That's his name, all right.
He's not there anymore.
Not on the air.
Not on the air.
They had like a falling out, I guess.
I tell you, those no,
Greg, you look like Mary, it's a Donald.
Oh, daddy.
No, getting again.
I wish him well.
My soda, it's 19 till noon at WIOD.
Craig wording is here.
You don't see me as telling.
What?
Let me say this.
Greg Budella is one of those enigmas.
In other words, you can't figure him out.
In other words, you can't stay mad at him.
I can't stay mad at him.
He's had a lot of problems and he still keeps bouncing back.
You know, but at the same time, he's like Peck's bad boy.
You know, and every now and then he'll turn on you on the air.
Like when I was at him in the morning,
see, if you remember when I was doing mid days on wins,
it was the most incredible thing ever.
I had all these FM people not already calling in,
but they were doing bits for us, setting this material.
It was great.
Like your legendary, man, but you're on AM.
See, so you're not a threat.
Yeah.
Soon as we went on Zeta,
all of a sudden, they're ripping me, man.
Of course, I rip him right back like Joey and Greg and even
Tanner was a little hysterical there for a while.
And now that I'm back on AM, it's just the opposite again.
So not a threat, right?
Because I was beating the crap out of all of them in the morning
and they were too happy about it.
You sure did?
And that's short time.
I mean, what if it stayed on FM a little longer?
Oh, by the way, I forgot.
To mention, we had Joey on here a week or two ago.
So we've had Stan.
See, that's my, we have Tom Jicco, who reviews radio and TV.
And our only other guests are unemployed radio people.
That's those are the ground rules for the guest on the show.
Johnny Darky.
Johnny Darky.
We have to end now and I'm plenty.
You love Johnny Dark.
I remember Johnny Dark as I read it.
I like it.
Okay, I liked Johnny Dark.
He loves Johnny Darky.
I hear him talking about it.
Come on, Johnny.
And I we used to go away together back in the 60s, Craig and
Sarah Soda.
I've known Johnny longer than I was.
40.
Are you?
Yeah.
I've known Johnny for like what, 22 years or something.
You know, so yeah, he's one of my best friends.
By the way, how were phone calls overnight?
What was the story of those?
Really, they weren't bad.
Oh, I would say we had to go all eight lines lit up there.
We never had all eight lines, but they were like mine.
But, you know, they were some mornings for 30 could be a little tough.
But I'm not whole, they weren't bad.
We got a mobile and proud.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi, it's Craig there.
Hi, I'm Craig.
How are you doing?
I had an opportunity to meet you about about a year ago on your traffic accident.
On my traffic accident?
Yeah.
Were you a police officer?
Yes, I was.
Oh, the new or the guy was nice to me because I was scared, crapless.
Yes, I remember you were hurt, you had some problems with your shoulder.
Yeah.
I wanted to, you know, give me a call in the past on your show.
Well, you were terrific to me.
You were very good to me and I appreciate that.
Even though you gave me a ticket and I deserved it.
Well, yeah, I had no choice.
I had to.
I agree.
Of course, my insurance shot right up through the sky on it, but that's my own damn fault.
I wasn't paying attention and zipped, you know.
I didn't, somebody pointed out to me who you were after the fact.
I didn't know at the time.
Right.
I didn't recognize an aim.
I just didn't put it together and it was kind of amusing afterwards because I heard you talking about it on the station.
Oh, I talk about everything.
Well, most everything.
We didn't live us.
Don't look at me like that, Neil.
I see that little liver.
Don't push me, Craig.
Don't push me.
No, no, I love you, Neil.
What do you want?
Eat.
Eat.
Are you paying the fine?
No, I'm sorry, sir.
I was sitting here a little in stuff.
Go ahead.
Did you get out of this?
Did you pay the fine?
Or did you just never just get out of this?
Of course I paid the fine.
Oh, did you?
50 dollar fine.
I paid it.
No, we were to play out a warrant for your arrest.
Well, well, I'm ready now.
Oh, OK.
You know, you're going to arrest me now because I have no place particularly to go.
But I thank you because you were good to me that day.
OK, then I just wanted to give you a call.
OK, great hearing from you.
Good luck to you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Daddy.
He's the first kid on the block and he wakes up right in the morning.
And he knows he's a little nutty.
He knows he's a little squirly.
Where do we see that?
You're going to go in the record just to say hello.
Hi, I just see what you're all doing out there.
And I'm going to get out of the data for you.
But just so, come on, Neil.
OK, now that wasn't the one you wanted, but that was Heather.
That was one of our list of your daughters who recorded that.
It was about four days old.
A celebrity caller on the Palm Beach Line.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
It's Sunny.
It's Sunny.
How's your share?
Is that in Fox?
Is that in Fox?
Good doing that routine.
Well, yeah, I was getting over the flu.
Oh, you don't sound too good, Sunny.
No, I don't feel very good either.
In fact, I'm trying to get out to do some agency work.
All my voice sounds like this.
Yeah, I'm a real good.
Maybe you can do some stuff for WOLV because you can't understand their signal anyway.
So to make much difference.
Really, it was sort of blend right here.
Yeah.
So how you doing, Sunny?
Well, I'm not supposed to call, but to hell with it.
Yeah, his management won't let him call.
Right.
He's not working for like that.
I was dealing with a stand that I spoke to a couple days ago, but I had to call you because you've been telling you stories about how they always fire you when you're not after you get off the air, right after you get off.
Right.
So you will go on stage.
Right.
Say something negative, right?
Yeah.
So I want to tell you this quick story.
I was working at Chum and Toronto in Canada.
I know it well.
1010.
The worst two years of my career.
And they have engineers up there.
So you don't run the records or anything, just talk.
And they turn your microphone on and off.
Well, I had resigned.
It was about to go to San Diego at that time in 1972.
And I even thought to myself at the time of the year, if you don't be hokey, don't be soopey, I just say thanks for listening.
Goodbye.
The last break, the last show, I opened my mouth to say goodbye.
They turned the microphone off.
Are you serious?
I did.
What says a lot of that company, you know, very corporate, but they were just scared to death.
I was going to come on for some reason.
I don't think you have to say that if you're a professional, you're a professional.
Why would you risk your career?
Sure.
Why would you want to jeopardize a whole rest of your career just for the sake of, you know.
Really?
That's why I found it rather fascinating, you guys, you and the Blaine doing the last few days of today.
I was waiting for them, like, brushed into the room, you know.
Well, you know, the thing of it was, we were on for a couple of weeks and we already knew, you know, that we were a parting company.
And we were trying to do it in a real, you know, quiet way and not let it out of the bag.
And then Tim Williams, the GM over there, who's, you know, a real brain surgeon, he tells the herald that we're leaving.
And that we're having this, you know, all of a sudden, a crap.
And now it's in the paper the next morning.
I just thought I couldn't believe it on the front page of the local section.
And what are we supposed to do?
The front page of the front section?
Yes.
Wow.
Remember above the mast head?
A lot of things in management can do to you while you're employed and you pretty much expressed all of them over the years.
But that's the one thing that blows me away.
Don't turn their mic on, they might, you know.
Yeah.
What kind of credibility do they have?
Well, it goes to sure.
They think they think they were as devious as they are.
That's a problem.
Oh, good point.
And I'm going to go back to bed.
Okay, I hope you feel better.
How is everything going, Sonny?
You're going to see some great headlines very shortly.
Good.
Okay.
Can I ask Sonny a question?
You don't remember me?
We met a few times at Easter's Seal telephones when you were at Channel 6.
Oh, yeah.
I say that you once worked at QAM and I'm told you never did.
Did you or not?
No, no.
You never worked at QAM?
No, I'm sorry.
I didn't know.
Frank wants to know that for his next trivia show that he's going to be doing.
I could have sworn I heard him on QAM once many years ago.
No, and I also, like I said, didn't host a kid show in New York.
I know that.
I'd love to.
Okay.
I hope you'll be having a great day.
Bye.
I met him the other day for the first time.
I love the nice styles.
Oh, soupy.
I think that's sunny.
No, I've met sunny.
But you guys were here in town.
I used to be.
I used to just die.
You remember that old man, the kid showed in New York.
And there was not really a kid show in the Delk College crowd.
The kid show for adults.
Yeah.
And he always used to have here that, remember the day he did the show where the one
was the postman and was a woman on the other side.
There was Stark naked, which you didn't see.
Yeah.
But he did.
And it was a live show and he fell on the floor and was just rolling around
and holding his sides.
It was incredible.
We used to gather at my apartment across Memphis in college just to...
It was a cult show for college.
Yeah.
Really was.
Now, when the time he told all the kids to go to Mommy and Daddy's wallets and
purses and get that funny green paper out.
And he got fired for that.
Because they did.
They sent it all kinds of money.
You know, the Uncle Soupy, no matter what he told him to do.
Oh, Margate, hello.
Margate, hi.
Yes.
Finally, it's like all kinds.
Neil, you've been seeing some pompano.
How are you doing?
The goodness sake, Brian.
I'm calm and I'm feeling good.
Listen, Neil.
Yeah.
You want some pompano, but to Quake, I'm seeing the poodle lady.
Whatever.
Yeah, hi, Craig.
Hi, how are you?
Thank you for calling.
What's that?
Hi, how are you doing?
How about a good time?
I know.
I'm enjoying it.
You know, going back to the time when you were both on WQ 18.
Oh, yes.
How could we forget?
I'm going to move everything.
Because I've listened since that time.
I thank you for your loyalty.
You have yourself a good day, Craig.
Thank you, Jim.
Craig just said goodbye to you.
Anyway, I never finished that story since we got 20 seconds before the news.
I'm in the flagship bank on Alton Road.
You're ready to catch my paycheck.
I'm going to check in here.
It's the late Eucola Catsentine who owned the radio station.
It was about 100 years old.
Stand with more money than God.
Standing in line about three people in front of me.
She turns around and sees me.
Oh, Neil, do you feel rich today?
And I said not quite yet, but I'm sure that when I cash this, I really will.
My $225 minus deductions, OK?
But do you remember the great Christmas basket with the turkey?
Oh, yeah.
When we come back, we'll talk about that.
April Worms got the new NWIOD news, I think, right?
And we'll come back with Craig Worthinger 1205.
