Other areas make all collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers, a new SOC radio 610 WIOD.
It's the van to Tuela!
Hi, V.
He is still the most biggest asshole.
Oh, Tom Denver.
Tom Denver.
Oh, thank you.
Who is it?
It's Mitch Lewis in production there who is one of the biggest fans.
Wake up, wake up.
Oh, they're on the rock.
Okay, now why not, what was that other wild weekend that was Tom Shannon's theme song that you guys ripped off the rock and rebels on swan records?
Well, that was his group.
They never got a dime.
That was Tom he's never got a dime.
He's screwed him over.
You know, tiny Tim re-recorded a rest in my room last year.
What does that have to do?
Notice how he changes his stuff.
No, I was just...
Because he's talking about ripping off record.
I was ripped off too.
The record was released about three different times.
It sold over a million copies while we...
No, did not sell over a million copies.
Yes, it is. You're the Mr. Misinformation.
It did.
It's not a million seller.
You're wrong.
The guy who wants that company lives down here, Bernie Bennett.
If he's listening right now, he owns swan records.
He brought the Beatles to this.
Well, anyway, whatever it sold, they never got a dime for it.
Yeah, they did get some money for it.
They made about 80,000 sales, I think it was.
They never got it.
I know that right from one of the members of the group.
Tony D. Maria, who's working in some little douchebag bar and buffalo now freezing his ass off.
Why don't he get all the chicken wings he wants?
All right.
What is this?
You know, I'm getting the feeling that my show is on hiatus or they hate us.
Which is it?
Anyway, let me read this because you're ready to be four and you have no credibility.
Starting today at five o'clock, the W.I.D. Roving Radio will be at Bayfront Park near the world's largest Christmas tree.
To collect clothing, canned food and money for the Camilla's house.
And they'll be open five to midnight tonight, noon to midnight tomorrow and Sunday.
Five to midnight, Monday through Wednesday of next week and then 10 a.m. to midnight when we do our show.
Next Thursday live over there.
And we'll be also selling the cassettes for 20 bucks and up.
And also those two orange bowl tickets.
I think you're pouring where are they?
Where are they? They're in the hands of the appropriate people.
Would you want one?
Yeah, I heard that.
But you did give 20 bucks.
Well, if I just want to see it, I don't want to take it home.
OK, it even has W.I.O.D. in the best of the deal.
It looks pretty fancy, fancy and don't forget if you get your cassette.
It's on both sides.
OK, there's 15 minutes on each side.
So don't feel like we're sure changing you and get all hysterical.
OK, now you do this every year.
Camilla, this is like your pet charity.
That's correct.
This is getting the biggest year so far.
It will be.
We raised 38,000 last year.
And this year we got 22 almost and we got two weeks to go.
So we'll do 50 easy.
You're not like Jerry Lewis.
You don't live off the money most.
No, we don't.
That's a great part about Camilla's house.
It all goes direct over there.
And there's no middleman and no, you know, we don't have to buy time.
And, you know, I don't like that stuff.
I don't know.
Anyway, here's a mobile that was desperate enough to call from Boko who says.
Hi, Neil.
That's pretty good, isn't it?
Yeah.
How you doing today?
Excellent.
Well, I got a question.
I live up in Boko.
You know, I didn't want to say I figured Boko would sound a little better than Boko.
Because nobody ever calls for Boko.
We like Boko better than Boko, to be honest.
All right.
Well, I'm from Boko.
I'm from Boko.
That's where I'm from.
Good.
Anyway, I just got a real quick question for Joey.
If your show may have stayed on the air, if they would have only advertised your face on
those little papers that go on the trays and Wendy's?
Neil, do you remember that?
Yeah, I sure do.
Did you ever heat it when they just fell like throwing up your sooner looking at John?
A lot of people were losing their meal inside and the people from Wendy's decided it wasn't to appetize it.
You're kind of like staring back at you.
I quit eating at Wendy's when that thing was on there.
But anyway, it was for Anna Rexx.
Is that what it was?
Yeah.
Anyway, you guys got a good show.
You guys do sound good to get.
Oh, Stone, oh, Brian.
You sound bad.
You sound bad.
I mean, I didn't say that because you know, Stan will get his nipples hard when he hears something like this.
And we don't want that to happen.
We gotta be driving in and I'll be nervous as heck.
Neil, do they give him a contract yet?
Who?
IOD.
No, no, no, not Joey.
Stan for Venice, Joey.
No, no, Stan.
No, they didn't give him one yet.
And he came in yesterday and did that tacky thing about it.
He'll give him one.
He'll give two grand to the Camilla's house tonight.
I had about a half a dozen people say to me yesterday that was the tackiest thing that they ever heard.
I mean, that was almost as desperate as Joey be here today sucking around for a job.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Don't compare him to a no.
Don't compare Joey to Stan.
I'm not.
I mean, Stan's desperate, but he's not desperate.
Not that desperate, you're right.
No, sir.
Okay, have a great day.
All right, you did a second.
Bye.
One handed WIOD.
It was.
It was tacky as hell, but he's a neurotic because of business does it to you.
Don't blame him.
It's this business.
Nobody's ever blamed Stan.
Everybody gets jerked around in this business.
We call Stan like son of Neil because he does whatever you do for the next four hours.
He don't do what I do.
Okay.
Five WIOD.
Well, I said he's making up all his crap.
I'm trying to defend him against all your...
Why don't you wait till he gets here?
You know, we're going to fight him.
Like I said, right to your face.
Did I say to your show sucks?
And you look like Cal and you're old and did I say that right to you?
Isn't that just to a thing?
Is it that a wonderful person that says that?
No, it's like guys ignore me.
It's a pill, right?
You walk up to your street and you know where it's.
And here's the second opinion.
You know.
I mean, why would you say that to someone?
You have no manners.
You're out of order.
You're out of order.
You're out of order.
You're out of order.
I'm out of order.
I mean, when you leave here.
I'm out of bounds.
When you leave this place, the two o'clock in the afternoon.
I'll be happy as hell.
But can you go home with yourself?
Yeah, go home fast and wash off that spot on my neck where you schmutzdol over me.
Believe it was your lips.
Like, listerine.
Oh, this man, I'm telling you, that the most disgusting, not just a kiss, but like wet and gooey and disgusting and cold as the coffee.
That is mong.
Oh, my gross.
Say that.
They gross.
Yeah.
Why they speak to you?
Okay, listen, we have an open line in Palm Beach at 655.
They write it under a message and flip it under your bedroom door.
Anyway, we'll come back and continue.
I got to do.
I got a lot of business here, man.
We can't.
We were going.
We can't.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going.
We were going to roll.
We were going.
Have you heard about the phase that launched your diamond ships?
No.
No.
So what mine is what?
Yours would take a million of them.
Thanks.
Bye.
Yeah.
Have a great life.
Seriously.
Yes.
I heard the call from the cleaners that were taking clothes for a
little while.
I heard the call from the cleaners that were taking clothes for a
little while.
I heard the call from the cleaners that were taking clothes for a
I heard the call from the cleaners that were taking clothes for a
little while.
I heard the call from the cleaners that were taking clothes for a
I heard the call from the cleaners that were taking clothes for a
I heard the call from the cleaners that were taking clothes for a
little while.
So she sto Today the only one who's been there's only one who's
so she recommended you the study
atto.
appointment her suit you've been there's one you've been here's one
appointed her suit you've been here's one you've been here's one
appointed her suit you've been there's one you've been here's one
a microphone a microphone a microphone a microphone a microphone cube
One you've been here's one you've been here's one you've been here's one
I've been here's one you've been here's one you've been here's one I've
some reporters are put together the these are the plates and
these are the plates and the plates and the plates and the plates
veer over their heads aren't they?
not they?
mean so obvious at least he could be a little fly or whatever
it would go down obviously it's like a bull in a china shop like an elephant in
my kitchen
the guy has no talent whatsoever well we know that
this is the reason that's a given
that's what the sun is junior
that it's there
yeah just on the good job it's a off the uh...
TV
and the radio okay okay thank you so i guess i'm related to print now
did you hear that yeah i could probably work over the health on ski is going to
be doing some other things you can do the t-v call he's been auditioning
hasn't
for what
to be a national
i'm not just saying this because you're here because i said the other days boring
and stan came in and he got all been out of shoes and all he was great it was
great to fall to our heart
i said i don't care how to fall is where he's boring i like jica
who
top shicka yeah at least print out jica
well
and he ripped a lot of your show too but you already said you like to know your
show that he did not say that yes he did not say that he said your show is an
embarrassment and disgrace you still i can say that he did you never said that
let's get him on the far what did he say what did he say
he said that the show was not performing well and the story
there's a story behind it and that you know you know you guys you see the day he
had the big he had the ratings thing is there and your show is in there and he's
here let's discuss that no one ever want to know the crap about it no one wants
that you don't even want to know inquiring my zone on the more you want to
make it up as you go along all right well listen i was i was on the air at 11 o'clock
in the morning with the only local show the only local show in town and now we know
why now wait a minute you know i'll difficult to get an audience in my
army on this game boulevard at nine o'clock in the morning you know it's either
hooker or just pick up the hookers and fill up that out but you know how to
just you know you think you're going to get women from Toledo you know i ask you a
question yeah what channel 10 big staff you know what about it big staff you know they
could bring in their families they could come take half of the staff are
probably sitting around screw it off all day they could have filled that we did that we did
that for the pilots you don't do that for a regular why not because you have to do too many of them
and you can't do eighty favors a week those are all favors when i worked at 20th
century five so we screened every movie every week and we brought our family members
everybody on the staff saw star wars on a Wednesday of the week it was finished and we all
turned the picture down on the Saturday of that week we brought our kids to see the movie
and it was a hit and you know the rest of the story i mean it's it the management has nothing
to do with reality you know that look at the way your job is yeah you look at it you trust these
jibonis no no way what are you talking about that although they got you pegged it's 121
i don't believe it i think you're wrong oh no but anyway well if he did then his mind is we're
just ripping rough rust oasis here okay you know what i mean my friend my friend my name
he's the guy who's done 40 dollars he's done those screaming carcamer he has he's made millions
of dollars from it too yeah by the way where's his check he had a radio six years ago why he would
he would he graver gave us a hundred if he gave us a hundred then we're all sent over a check
for 10 grand you can't shake people down like you're worried about my twenty nine minus from my
heart it doesn't matter and we get it yeah but you work on a leave we get up in the do with driving
it because you volunteered it i practically had a squeeze it out of you for crying out a little
kind of got to pass the basket in church and then look take them in to everybody church why not
because you're on it because i'm an honest person oh come on Neil you know i mean everybody can't
be wrong and you're right not everybody is wrong well maybe everybody is wrong yeah they must
all be wrong about your show huh oh now we're back on my show again well you just said they can't
all be wrong you sitting there with a bottle of pela greeno drinking out of bottles movie is the
guard Miami hello yes sir hey how you doing Neil great now here comes a joey supporter i can tell
no you know you're wrong about that but he just said everybody can't be wrong i just wanted to say
one day i was sick at work i was sick at home i mean i get that feeling a lot here yeah
that you have a recovered are you still sick i accidentally turned on joey show and now wait a
wait a minute you may have the sequence wrong you were at home you turned on the show and then you were
sick no i'm like it got even sicker it was just a worst yeah it is it was like when those
booth shows you do on Saturday night rounds yeah yeah really so fast and what is that beginning all
about where he's doing the uh i'm asking you what is that one of these a standout damn mallet
to everybody in the audience and come in here and beat me no seriously would you explain that
opening what is that supposed to me oh Neil let me tell you this all right when i first started to do
the show it says fun joey is fun all right well that was their first mr and we did the pilots and
the first five shows were fun they were fun they were big on we don't think those because we changed
the format of the show they decided to get more into a local service show they got away from the
concept so i'm standing there juggling my balls and all of a sudden i find out i'm alone don't
jump in on that i'm not trying to word you ever go to make sugars you know make sugars as in plantation
never been that make sugars i never heard of it it's a place where they have all these video games and
they got these little gofers that jump up and you hit them with a mallet and you get tickets coupons
when you get enough gofers with the mallet i was feeling like one of those gofers now i mean i've
everything i said i'm getting hit over the head with over here like i can't be that hated in this
community you are male despised go ahead male the best thing you can say about joey as a talk show
host that he's a great radio person yeah and uh maybe you should consider a career in criminal
justice are you gonna take some more calls and let's go i'm going to find one that's on my side hi alia hello
yes sir can i please rip joy go ahead okay i'm what he got nick in there screening on every
moment i was reading i had no screen on tv yeah and it was horrible please it was horrible and uh
but i have an idea where he could go work okay you know ws is going to
stereo braille brush yeah we thought we heard they were going to go all black weather no no
stereo braille this is the way of the future yeah that's a bloody dark side that way
you know what i mean yeah so to speak yeah and and quick picking up the guy because he's the
greatest okay yes and as a greatest okay take a few people picking up the damn right right
thank you sir good call okay stand is not here yet by the way he didn't answer our challenge
he probably tied up in traffic or something right because you know yes we're here at two o'clock
if you can stand major you are so desperate it's just it's incredible i'm not just you're just
flailing out in other directions you're flailing that is that you're impression what you're
going on with me you've got to develop a little something a little like a little finesse i came
to go to the bathroom i mean god i haven't even gotten there yet just a little finesse i got
rerolled ball bearing just one would be a start in my throat call my side okay i think i
all right i'm not gonna waste my time because i've said it all four-waterdale hey what's
happening how you doing i don't know i it's kind of i feel kind of bad that everybody in the
area hates joey the way they do they hit him like poison now what do i say what are you in
exception yeah i i think that if uh we had joey on between two and six we'd have some great
hate calls rather than uh the police there if it's the app between two and six hey we could have a
new form i would get four hours of hate okay we'd play get the host yeah that's it better than the
sleep therapist you got uh let me let me ask you yes now wait let's focus this now what what kind of
hate do you have for me i don't hate you i'd like to see in there no no on the television why what
is this you're on no trying to figure out i'm doing we never had a focus group i never had any
research on the show i love those focus groups i know i do too and i like the main group in Detroit
the mother focus yeah you know i want to say that i didn't leave that for she don't keep saying that
i want to hear from somebody who likes me on the television okay anybody out there well wait a
minute what i didn't like you on the television that show is the worst why i didn't even watch that
what's why doesn't have a good rating then why didn't have a good rating it has
nearly enough let's get in the air at somewhere i'm gonna read number because you're surrounded by
gigantic numbers okay is that right yeah the air at somewhere other than this area i hope not
yeah i hope not too maybe that's so an idiot number we got enough PR problems already
chamber of commerce would pay a lot to stop that from happening oh come on well thanks for your
refreshing honesty sir have a good day thanks for agreeing with me hey no you thought that was
a supporter by the time he finished he liked me on the air on the radio he doesn't like me on
TV either we didn't want to look at drug me push that's what he said it's not an ugly push it is
it's a groteque your face what do you call happy people who are you i feel you're
in what's wrong with me we're in
i even stopped myself at that one oh god i've never witnessed a death the only death i witnessed
close up was when my bird died in a cage at home about three months ago then happened again last
week and then we had another well close hollywood hi hi how are you well now here's the nice lady she's
not gonna rip you no you're absolutely right as a matter of fact you're all you have to tell you one
thing first of all i don't think you're ugly thank you but then again you know people have talked
about my standards in the back i do think that i'll tell you when you were on tree when i stand next
to the checkout counter in public next to the show and commentary picture in people magazine for the
world sexiest man yeah that's scary yeah it's really scary i got news for you if he's the world
sexiest man i'm gonna rethink my whole life yeah when i was on she what well i wanted to say when
you are on she you were the only thing on that radio station that ever kept my breakfast down i
mean you really you know i enjoyed your show in the morning i thought you know that you were
really great and i really tuned in every day i have to say that because i'm a dataist
finalist in the six yeah i haven't eaten your tfd show because i have a real job
and i worked you know eleven o'clock but i just want to say you know if he's like Neil said you
really you know you're not a tv person that's fine so stick with radio yeah well that i don't
i don't care where i work he just wants a job desperately yeah and i want it to be two to six
okay i've got to be on the name like wf wf tl it's not a low end of the dial wf tl way up there
near the top i'm a seventy nine here the top of your dial how about sir super sir
well i also want to say that cray get metal craft is a douchebag okay okay thanks
on you thank you see that's your reason she called was to call somebody a douchebag and she just
buttered up to you to get the you know the time to do it i've been bashed i mean i don't know why
i can't even get what you ate pretty damn good here today i'm a firm asicist what it was good
you know as a matter of fact if even if you don't get paid and you get to come in here every day and eat
it's quite a good job yeah so you're not on the mario no but stands on the mario
but then it's too why don't you stop it on stand show oh why doesn't he take his he's it's
well thirty four already and he's still out here he should donate that six day to me day number six
he's not donating anything to anybody they're paying him like by the hour already would you leave him
alone okay specs blows the lid off gift prices here some more of those great videos i mean you've got
thousands of videos for you are you serious i can't tell you i can't tell you anything you open
your mouth on the air about everything you know people wonder if we really like it was about
and bishop too but what you want to me as a handsome no i would write your just a pain in the ass
but you are funny off the air the stuff on here is boring me a lot of the the not boring of off the
years hysterical cannot say any of it i'll say i'm a boring guy that's the art because you rip
everybody until all these horrendous filthy stories we're staying i don't know he's free he's
supposed to be here so we could have a little debate here because i want to talk about that
I had a debate but just something i don't know you don't have to be paranoid even though you're
here just pumping desperately for his job he knows you're calling business every day no he knows
it now i'm not calling business i was calling also uh you're a rehearsal and mgm boy gary
you're calling every day i'm not where do you hear this you just got you telling me that about a
half hour ago i did call him this week every day because there's an opening there's not an
opening there is an opening on this station where eight to eleven ten to two they want to get rid of you
you know yeah thank god as long as they pay me off it's all i care if they have begun to believe
the bird yeah so you're done for the order deal all right Joey yeah i just want to let you know
that i am a big fan of you all right no that includes your tv show in fact i've been to a
a couple of the uh the filming of the show when did they let you out when they let me out
well the day let me out i stopped listening to joy when he left she and turned over to
to you and he'll have been listening to you ever since that yeah well he did that for us there's
no question both of the people who used to listen to she are now tuned in here well it was because
of joy that i even started listening to talk radio thank you Neil thank you Joey
thoughts my name is Joey i'll access before you came along you know come on you want to make
a kind of money as though i came to town you weren't making this you're so ungrateful you should
be given emails every day who just did yeah you you know i don't listen to it for the ratings
i listened to it for whoever i think was great i followed Joey around when he went to hooters
up in the balloon and i went oh yeah remember you did the thing at the day view rodeo arena with
some boxing and yeah right on to the tv show i've been to that but Neil i've also been to uh
just several of your appearances i think you're both great you didn't see the guy with the eyes
there did you i think it takes us uh Joey's got a special humor and yeah and for that people are
born real soon who understand that he might still have a shot no i don't think i'm gonna do it with
boredom i just think he's great he's probably more intelligent than most of the audience and i think
that's where he blows them over they don't understand this humor thanks a lot Neil i'm not saying
you know you solicit him when he was in batavia i was on the urn buffalo right that's your
condition we could pick up no wait a minute was either hot as the year on guys because the only
station that will come in wkb you think you're 50 thousand lines were you a fan no you were not a
fan no you never liked me i was a fan of the station why did you buy a deep fant? why did you buy
time on my shirt i was a fan of deep fantondy why did you buy time because the station was running
they're doing it now you think people are listening to this station to your call letters
is this the wonderful aisle of dreams are they listening to your Neil rogers have a great day sir
hey Joey yeah how about working eight to eleven what at night here yeah Neil says yeah
well Neil says you can't do a four hour show where there's a three hour show let's start
wait three of let's start slow all right well tell standys off the hook i'll do nice okay
i yeah i you're like that audience yeah speaking of celebrities ladies and gentlemen vix
stofery legend in his own mind director mhaya lia high and a press box up above the all the
exciting action is on the phone i wish you were my boss you're still the only one that thinks i
was a celebrity well what can i tell you i would demand a immediate raise i mentioned your name
over there the other day they said who i should understand that i heard you i hear i just heard
the news from bond salvage which is what we call him here at haliah lia bond salvage yeah
op savagin the joy rentals by the way have a lot in common they do they're usually both out of work
they're both imminently talented you can say you just ask them yeah um i heard about the
Neil rogers because millis house push this coming sunday and believe me i've always wanted to
call the Kentucky Derby this will now pretty pretty close yeah in the fact i'm going to bring my
purse just in honor of it yeah i have said that that that so there's one true hope in life is
to be able to call the new rogers come over south purse and i will get to do it this coming Sunday
and it will be a special for you i don't know i'll be able to contain my
destroy yourself i thought i was going to call the race i thought tom jerkin last night on
on Madison Square Garden i'm like satellite doing the metal lands uh-huh and he did mention he
said he was very jealous that the victor is going to be doing the neo rogers purse why don't you
do it why don't i do one why don't you do the analysis you know that the savagin offered me one
day a week to call races up there why don't you do it i'm not gonna make a fool out of idea i'm
not making a fool out of myself there's no way you're one of the grace force announced i am why
don't i respect these guys i couldn't do it i did harness racing years ago at the county fairs
of michigan but there's only eight horses and see what harness racing you can identify with the
drivers colors that are always the same and thoroughbreds the silks the jockeys were the
silks of the owners so they're different every race and there's like twelve or i couldn't do it
sometimes they're different at the head of the stretch when you've got a horse that has maybe a
white sash across his chest but after he's been trailing horses down the backstarts that white
sashes now brown yeah you don't know who he is well that's what Ross Morton was always said
how do we have to did you have the second race no i haven't even looked at anything you're not
you're not gonna don't know let's wait what candy cap what does that mean
and he kept that means like in your case mental
yeah no let's let's not waste time with that let's take the minute that we got in the push for
a real bit what do we got out there today we got some people at all we got some people the
wetter's not all that great and it's a little drizzly but we do have some people and they're
uh... they're starting to trickle in like the rain has a little bit yeah the word around the
the racetrack without a doubt it's not it's not the brunette he can he know thing anymore it's the
Camille's house first people are starting woody Stevens is going to ship in a couple of hours
yeah right uh-huh angel pet he's mad because you know he wants to he wants to start his horses
in the race and it's going to be unbelievable yeah Wayne Lucas called me home yeah Wayne Lucas he's
gonna run grand canyon in the facility this week all it was fun it only because he couldn't get
into the field they said get out you can't run the Camille car outside it must be getting pretty
deep over there in the backside well the micron yeary race anyway um... free admission tomorrow
Sunday and Monday and then of course we still have this new cloud hanging over our head now now I
said something early right now nobody will ever pay any attention anything I say but isn't
something to think about is there to the best of your knowledge there's no limit on the number of
races that you have to run on a given day just to say that you're operating is there i don't think there
is no fact that we've run eight nine right right so if if just to avoid a disaster couldn't they
run like three races are uh... you know on on two day wednesday and friday there was a time when
brimming him was just about to go belly up and they were worried about losing their
primitive license and i don't know but i know that they talked about it there yeah i do not know
that's been talked about here i really you know i mean they could do it like between two they
could do it for my two to three thirty in the middle of the afternoon which is a later start get it
you know i don't have to have a lot of people out there's not that many would come up at least
it would be a gimmick but at least it would give me circumvent all this craze in his about
closing it down i think the horseman could fill three or four races on those three days a week
but i'll tell you leave it with the your staff of attorneys we have and by the way they're excellent attorney
um...
i'm sure it's been thought up and but it's not it's not as a well-in-idea of you might think because
it would technically i suppose that i really know i think it would it would appease that situation
you have a daily double you have a bit three and have whatever the heck you wanted to have
also by the way they're starting konella's this week on i think i'm just gonna say that they started
in today the first second third and seventh race and here's an example of mr brunette trying to
work with a horseman they felt that konella's would help the handle they felt that they'd like to
to be okay fine well that's because you're in florida you haven't been here that long but in florida
most of the gamblers are into exotics konella's perfect is perfect is i mean that's the name of the
game down here whether it's a dog's or a high-wire harness racing and uh... you know that's just one more
pool one more way for the people to put their money in there and i think it's a good idea
and that's really after that i want to take this time to say what a gracious man he is and what a
very nice man yes he is he's a great man we're sort of the out of players in this big thing we're not
the heavy hitters with the the half of we're just trying to make a buck and work every day and
he was a gracious and and open host and and i felt great he he's a fine man and i have nothing
but respect for him yeah he's a good friend and a super guy and i'm sorry that he's like in the middle
right now of this other thing that's going on with the sand track over there but you know it's not
a personal thing and he knows that yeah okay they will see it tomorrow we are now counting down
okay the committance house excellent nobody should miss it all right you can love this as a five
minute even joley's coming out great yeah i'll be there see a big one commercial meal what's not a
commercial what is it it was a discussion uh... uh... hot product hi lia can i ask you a question yes
the metro rail yes how much free time to the local stations you weren't here then were you no but
i heard all that i've never had you on on on on on for hours here come out the mini heat cigarette
oh did a real good job i'll commend him for but he took a lot of time for weeks on his sports
cast on four pushing uh... sign up of the seasons we need to have ten thousand or twelve thousand
season tickets uh... so you know and you did a good job okay for the but here's the same kind of
thing the heat is a privately owned thing it's good for the community you know i'm out of mba
but it's great we've got it that they're being supported hi alia is in business in partnership with
the state we get tax revenue from there you know it's not just a private thing everybody's got a
little bit of a stake in that why are you gonna close what's the reason well he listened a lot of
people come in and i have this thing you know i've been listening to you for weeks and i never heard
the official reason i don't know they've been dying for years over there at alia the handles been
going down it's a psychological thing people don't want to go over there they think it's a Hispanic
thing or it's not safe or it's too far they got a million excuses they've forgotten how beautiful
it is in the flamingos and what a sensational track it is and this year the state came up with
this deregulation which is that anybody it's right we can't handle it anymore they can't get along
with three track owners will have deregulation run whatever the hell you want to run okay so now
rune de it highly runs up against calder and gulps team you can't do it i mean each had track has
rough enough time by itself without trying to compete with another track so they've created a monster
so they live off the money that is gambled on is that it's their percentage out of it to take
that they get that's right pay the first money for the horseman and it pays for their expenses and
for hopefully a profit which you're obviously not making all right now you said the two year olds
are running at the other race tracks and that's really not good six seven races almost every day today
i think what's five what does that mean that there amateurs to your own yeah young or like it would
be like 15 year old dish jockeys you can relate to that i just uh probably not going to be all
that great a lot of them have never started before their first time starters so while you've got
to go on is their workouts which is is meaningless all right the big race is the older horses then
is that well i said it's better quality all right really is and you know if it's cheaper
persons it's still better for from a betting standpoint so they got to have a big crowd in order to
have the better horses they get the bigger persons right did i figure it out right and that's what
you're trying to do for highly right so they can release break even and not close it down if they
close it down permanently it's going to be really would be a terrible loss you've never been out
now beautiful i heard it's magnificent it really is great and you know you got your heart in
that too like you do Camilla's hot right both of these items and stands career okay i know that
he's worth a hell of a he's does me completely i can't believe that i'm really i'm surprised at him
i really i was in here is he coming in now always weighs in the building but he won't come in
12 minutes till two at wio d toyota of hollywood has got a great christmas gift for you when you buy
your new toyota every new van truck super mr two or crescent comes with a nice little holiday bonus
of beautiful 20 inch rca color tv when you buy at toyota of hollywood what are you laughing about
and stands career and if if stands signs of contract at toyota of hollywood if you ten thousand dollars
quit picking on a man where you're brutal for a guy who's in here uh josey for his job you're
just having a great time time for the toyota also a free gift with every test drive while quantities
last at toyota of hollywood here's an i t 90 toyota to yourself from just 67 77 or pay only 89
bucks a month order yours today even you could afford those payments an i t 90 corolla from 86 97
or pay 136 a month order yours today you notice now he's cackling in the background a 90 camera
10 9 29 or pay only 179 bucks a month order yours today at the southeast number one toyota dealer
toyota of hollywood where you'll get the best selection and the best service and there at 1841
north-stay road seven right between taft and Sheridan streets in hollywood stand major now a new stock
radio six ten w i o d if you missed the last show you miss this oh miss you so much oh well give me a kiss
oh i've finally got the gumption to call really oh my goodness gracious yet where you've been
i've been around and i've been listening but you know once you break the heart it is very very hard
to get back on you know what i'm saying yeah yeah i understand that it's like a horse with a hunch
back you know what you get off it's hard to get psych on yeah that's what you're doing what's
here the next stand major show this afternoon at two on this stock radio six ten w i o d
six ten just you try your teeth well better late than never now one fifty three at w i o d here's the
battle of the century ladies and joe you stop what then what the hell do you want in the air
only stand major where's that's what what where's berth where is he he'll be in a two thirty
let's list of bucks are you dummy is he back in philly no is not he's back in bokeh on
boy look at that what do we have there's your twin brother the guy said he looks like me he's
wearing a man he does he looks better than you stand i'm i think you would have worn that mask
you show my still be on the air stand am i that on the track i i'm not going to make you to look
good or sound good why would i do that come on i mean he's been doing that too i don't know why
y'all he's listening to that crap i've been making him sound good everybody has written him an ass
talk about paranoia now what did you say before he came in here what did you say that you
allegedly told business what did you say first of all i said stands numbers are up he's got
numbers i said and that's all anybody cares about in our business and they should leave him on
that was his own so what you want your auditioning for his job auditioning for his job
this is not an audition i'm having your virgin the birds it's not an audition i was the i'm sitting
here eating him hanging out with you what the hell is that constant audition for i'm going to
buffalo where i belong came in the front door told her he had to go to the john i did do that and
he sneaked in the building and i'm a chameleous self from where you are but so are you
but you're working in buffalo next week right which is you know that's them
no i didn't guys who want y100 got a new station buffalo called the fox and so i'm going there to
kick it off i don't like that i don't like that whole operation over there okay look what they did
to kick curry what do they do you think you have problems with an agree of y way till you get with
david Ross you're such a yin to why i'm not i was just telling you the truth i'm telling you
like it is okay damn giving you a little advance order we work together in filly yeah do we get
along yeah well yes you are looking for his job i'm looking for his job how you're not
if i was in the last three i'm looking for a job on radio if there's an opening here it's not
personal if you have nothing to withstand i don't conduct a hate campaign i didn't like hearing
what they said on the air about me the other day him and that other jaboni from the herald
because i think that guy is wrong but isn't interesting all these other people who call today
you know wait a minute same sentiments if you're gonna have a day in court you just you just
don't have some more like rod rodty every day if there's an opening i wanted okay all right that's
true isn't that what he says true what i'm trying to say about me is this i probably had the
wrong show for me okay that's the wrong show for me but that does not make me a bad performer
everybody has their ishtar you know right after that Dustin Hoffman came back with rainman
before that he had to see you know everybody has it maybe with maybe some bad
has an uplet over from that check to get you in the same institution with the raiment all i
wanted you guys to say the other day you and that guy from the herald with that holly would be
all i wanted you and i put him down by saying that i shouldn't do that all i wanted you guys to say
was the guy's a talent he's got some talent he's good and and he belongs on the air but this is
the wrong vehicle form and i never heard that he did say as i recall that uh he didn't know how
much input you had into the show not all how much control you might have on the show and i'm not
good in that format i'm good i'm not a reader i'm a guy who i'm learning this format why do you
get so defensive when we say the show suck because my feelings are hurt why because i take it
person what do you want responsible for he's doing a good job and he's getting numbers he's he
shows up for work he does his job and he's doing what he's supposed to do and then and people put
him down how do you think he feels about that it's feelings how do you feel about that
the charge of that show uh there are several producers who produce that show there were three girls
and we have any mischance here he's not breaking it no oh sure i'm supposed to exact this is the hell
out of that you know i'm not a question of that it's that it's just that you cannot at 11 o'clock
in the morning do what i do which is to be outrageous i belong on late night and when i'm myself
and i interview celebrities and i go out and do field pieces i'm fine when i'm standing there in
that structured thing with the cardboard audience and five people who are on thorazine and i'm
interviewing a bunch of uh dollar-than-doggy do guests and i'm reading off cards i fail didn't
you ever say to them jeez do we have to have these people on on a daily basis uh okay well you
hey listen i don't believe him because i've you know i've been involved moderately and i kind of
crap before and i've seen it go on i just wanted the money and i wanted to be on the air i want to
be somebody in the center you're still getting the money yes yes yes you're just in limbo so i can't
give you all this all this sympathy that you came here to listen to me like you're starving to death
now with you i still getting paid the guys still getting paid are you having me go on the payroll
you're positioning me as a contract with a window that you can jump out of anytime you like
if they push out of it right now i'm one of the bg's so thank you very much it's been a lot of
fun eating here with you and i hope to hang out again today or tomorrow rather stand do you
need that Saturday show i don't get any folks i don't get any food on Saturday jeez i bet your joy
came and you get some food i wish i wish on him what you did to me now seriously it was really
something i can't stop that to find again i got to say that joy hasn't sounded this good
since he came to Miami yeah thanks i want to dominate this morning to the meat market to go
on my meat market and he said uh stand was had stopped in there and you said what a great place
that is um dominix yeah right yeah we order food from all the time yeah Saturday this morning i
i follow san around i'll call me a job i'm looking for his job so wherever he goes i he wishes
you lay off anyway uh let me give that address again we want a gigantic male over the weekend sure
most of me can top the 20 bucks the joey coughed up but the payments the payments on that poor
shot front are very high it's a camelist house care of neo roger's w i o d get off the floor
Miami three three one four one and the don't forget we've got the uh collection points it up the
w i d mobile thing whatever we call it is down there at the roving radio at bay front park near the
world's largest christmas tree starting at five this evening and all through the weekend and all
next week five the midnight every night during the week and then we'll be doing our show down there
um thursday from ten to two collecting money and autograph pictures of joey and uh some other good
stuff looking big cubans the guys like looking all kinds of stuff okay have a wonderful weekend we
wish you have a great time in buffalo let's go boi and uh on that note have a wonderful weekend
stay tuned for stand joey's going to stick around for a few minutes on stand show stand is going
to put this show on a three hour delay we don't want to be on anymore in that big yes
stick around for like ten minutes because i want to have something really exciting to listen to
one away home one of the good fellow my own say because that don't say okay have a wonderful
weekend we'll see out there highly at about don't forget you'll be out there right this weekend
yeah and if i get a life i'll call you free admission tomorrow sunday and monday post time
one o'clock come on out by the thousands by the millions and bring all your money auction off the
kids and have a great time i bring my own flamingo excellent we'll see a monday morning at 10 here on
six ten w i o d stay tuned for stand
