I already got it preset into the phone so I can get in right away. Yeah, just automatically dials this line. Yeah. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. How's the traffic?
Not too bad. Good. Pretty clear. Good. Listen, have you heard anything about the geistrophic tooth from Brickies?
Oh, it's there's still a problem with that? Yeah. What happened? I still haven't received anything. You still haven't? Oh, boy, because we had someone call us like a week ago.
Yeah. And they're good people and they said they would check on it, you know. Yeah. So I'll mention it to them. Give me an excuse to go see Sheila.
I haven't seen those guys. It's I've been back from vacation. Yeah. All right. Okay. I'll check on it for you. Thanks, Glenn. Okay.
Hello. Hello. Hi. Hey, bird. Hey, this 45 minutes on hold is ridiculous. You know, it is ridiculous. What can I tell you, man?
You wonder people are chronic. I'm trying to hold it down best I can. You know, I can only do so much. It's like, you know, I feel like a damn sometimes with the water just coming over. I'll do the best I can. Okay.
Yeah, was that was from wings plus bring them into you? He didn't say. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I call my douspec going. Hey, walls, you're a douspec. All right. Okay. You do a great job of management. They're douspec. Thank you, sir.
I'll do it. But so glad when they say that because it gets them so upset around here for a lot of day out in a car. Hi, bird. Hey, how you doing today? Okay. How are you? Good. I just want to wait up on the traffic on north, about on 95. But I was heading down the stop. My army this morning on 95.
And it was a brutal. Oh, wasn't it? Yeah, but it's not too bad coming back. So Neil should be heading that way with no problem. Oh, good. I'm worried about him. You know, he lives in plantation. And I think it was downtown.
I mean, he had to go to I believe he said so. And of course we didn't know about the rain. Oh, it was brutal. This morning. No one ever wants to like accelerate when it rains. You know, they're just. I can't understand it. And like half my trip in this morning.
It wasn't even raining. It was just a wet road. And they're just petrified. I don't get it. I don't understand if they were just like move along. Everything's fine.
And when it was raining, it's just like a little light shower. You know, just like a real gentle shower. And they're just like shaking in their boot.
I know. It's incredible. Like they think it's going to damage the car or something kids. It's just water. That's right. How the clue?
Come on. But it's better now, right? Right. Okay. Thanks for calling. I can say one thing. Go. Billy Pax. I did. Wow. You can work in any station. They would love to have it. They would kiss your butt. Have you on any station down here?
You know it. Boy, I love when people says this because this is really frost management's ass when somebody says something like this.
Like how would you got a falling for yourself? You can go anywhere and get on the air just like that. And no, not somebody else off to put you on. You can take Liz Wild job. Oh my God. I like the name.
You know, some of that stuff. Man, I got it right. Man. Yeah, I never listened to she make they're making around to be some kind of radio.
Slut is what it is. Really? Yeah. And I don't know if they're making a say that stuff or not, but it sounds pretty disgusting to me. Well, they're probably encouraging her. Yeah, probably.
Probably telling her to go be dirty. You want to hear some of the stuff you wouldn't believe it's like she said something about she's got the hardest you know what's in radio. Really? Yeah.
My oh my oh my. I from some club I was listening to you know she was announcing the band she was Liz Wild here with the you know.
Just some of the things just unbelievable. I mean, yeah. I don't have to check this out. Turned up real loud. Oh my god. This is Ron. The music store. The guy that's crazy about any Daniels. Yeah. Oh, Ron. Are you okay? Oh fine.
Now, sir, anybody else you ever know tell me why you're on the phone before you run run. You got this crush on Penny Daniels. What about yourself for Nandes?
On channel six. She's nice. She's cute. Don't you think? Yeah, definitely. I mean, I like CB2. There's something about Penny Daniels the way she does the news. I don't know. It's just I don't know if she's not like gorgeous or anything like Neil ripped me yesterday for the other day.
This is her intelligence or something. Yeah, it's like and she's got a great walk to I've seen her walk before. She's got a great walk. Yeah.
You should see her from the backside. Don't you think she's Alfred and is is real cute? Not cute real cute. Yes, I do. Okay. And I like CBK to all right. I like to watch it over and over again with my VCR and pause when she takes her shirt off.
See you run. Okay. Now, can I move line six up to the before we take the break? Cause line six I they have on the list here. They have. Boy, I tell you when Bill Mullen comes in here, you know, Neil's not here unbelievable.
Bill Mullen comes in here to eat. Boy, I tell you this is quite a day. I told you this was incredible Friday. We got going here. Now, I want to talk to line six because they have all the cities on the list here and Nick has typed a blind six is chronic.
So let's see what we find here. Hello. Yeah. This is chronic dial dummy from the Reneeri show. Crocodile Dum D.
Dummy dummy. We are chronic on this show. But well anyhow, I wanted to say anyone thinks they can just walk in there on the street and do those kind of shows. You've done it. Well, yeah, but it wasn't. It's not as easy as people like to think it might be. I know. You run out of things to say. No kidding.
They keep talking. Well, I think you're doing all right. Now see, this is somebody that's it's real different when you've done it isn't it? We have five people in there. So if you ran out of something to say, hopefully there won't next year would say something. Hopefully.
But anyhow, they're going to learn real quick. Crocodile. Dum D. I think dummy dummy.
They'll find out and also just like you did. I would like to say thanks for everything from your laundry. She's a real fantastic lady there.
Yeah, we're sure going to miss her. It won't be the same. Well, you're doing a great job, then. Thanks, pal. All right. Good day. Okay. All right. Okay. Can we take a break now? We'll try to get it back together. And let's do this. We'll be right back.
I'm a cup fan. I know, bud. Man. I trust you are to let you to give him an indication there's a little change in the parade here today.
You think that is a little hint to the audience that maybe there's a change. Anyway, thanks to the bird for filling in and ripping management again. And they want to talk to about it when you get off the air. Anyway, it's 28.
You see, you know, listen, Johnny dark God. What's his name? Super day fired and while 100. Yeah, now he's going to get your aspired. I told people not to get me started. I said, don't.
But you think you are Steve Kane. I know. I heard that contrived crap yesterday about Rick Weaver and about Hank Goldberg and their picket on Steve and all it. Come on, Steve, give it a rest already. Where are you? Who you kidding? It was incredible. It was so upset. Wasn't it?
Oh, never seen him like that. And then all those what kisses that go see the actual truth on a Stephen Hank thing is that they're both full of crap. Okay. If you want to know the truth, they're both full of it. So the truth lies somewhere in the middle. Anyway, if we got a cup in there by any chance Nick, we have any cups.
Because I want to thank wings plus for having a food already for when I came in. But we heard you guys say you were begging for people to come in and eat it. And I said to Norm, I said, you better step on the game.
And you're giving it with the order. There's going to be nothing left. Well, there's hardly anybody in the building. Yeah. Well, that's all right. You better govern yourself accordingly in the future.
Well, anyway, I was in court this morning and all I will say is that we came out very well. Good. And the judge issued a restraining order against Jack Thompson from coming within 500 yards of me.
This radio station while I'm here, my home, my person, et cetera, which we feel is probably best for safety.
So can we also agreed to give a mutual consent that we're we're not going to come near here, neither within 500 yards, which I never have and have no desire to.
But anyway, to turn it was very interesting. And we all governed ourselves accordingly. Thank you very much. Nice to see Cheryl in here eating the food this morning. That's very kind of you.
29 minutes and you'll never guess who I ran into in front of the building this morning when I was waiting for my ride for my chauffeur limo. Sally fits what?
What in what front of what building this building in front of this building? I said, Sally, would you park on your own spot so they're going to get the hell out of here?
No, she's very nice. Yeah. And she said, do you really think I'm as bad as you say on the air? And I said, not only that. No, I said, not really.
I said, your name is so conducive. I said, Sally gives me fits. How could I pass up on it? I said, it's just a radio show. She says, I don't like it.
But I mean, she was, I think I got the message across her that we rip everybody on this show, but she's very nice. Very pleasant. I've never seen her. Never met her. No, she really is. I mean, you can't make a total judgment on somebody in a five minute conversation.
But I found it to be very pleasant. I'm not going to say she's great on the air, but because she's not. No, but if I said, if I said she's great on the air, she might send me the nice plant.
I said, if I say something, I said, will you send me a plant like Jane Acre did? I explained her the whole thing about Jane. Oh, I did say that Jane is a competent news person.
She's not a bathing beauty, but she's good. You know, right? And she sent me this great bird of paradise. And it had some bird droppings in the bottom too.
I think Sally might have put those in there, but no, Sally was very nice. I, you know, I was really shocked. I've never met her. Well, she was great. And then she got in the channel seven mobile. She said, we have to go out and spy or something like that.
And they were going to go on one of their one of the colors things on one of their stings with the cops. You know, or they find out revolutionary things like there are hookers on biscuit and boulevard and stuff like that.
And people things that people never heard of before. And they're there on the scene with what's the guy's name that's been dead 20 years at a Ralph page man. He's on top of the job.
Ralph is going to do one of those stories. I think in a casket one of these days. Okay, like the I had to hang out of the channel seven helicopter looking down. Oh, yeah, this is Ralph up here. I see you guys. It's illegal.
But anyway, they're really doing it over there. Channel seven. We want to congratulate them. And what else did I miss anything here this morning? Well, we had this thing a lot to say, boy, about Steve's performance yesterday. No, wonder Steve used to be an actor man.
Incredible. He really should have won an Academy board. It was incredible. Yes. What is this? Well, let's oh, and I got something else to tell you that's really going to this will turn the show on its ear. Okay. Boy, what a day.
Bill Calder hates you with a passion because because it was listening yesterday. Well, I read this. It says I was driving to Orlando this morning and heard the brutal attack on the bird by Bill Calder and Leicester.
When Calder faded out, I punched up cool 105. But bomb magic's not the same ballpark. Calder has called. They heard Mr. Ego for about 20 minutes talking about his great numbers. And the hope
bank is right and kicks his ass and this and fat rid said the birds a liar. Nice memo. Good job. Yeah. I'm a facts machine. Now Calder is called the show many times. He talked to him.
You're a jerk and a moron because he wishes that your egg would crack in half with you inside it. Now what did I do? Because yesterday, somebody I made a comment about Steve from Hollywood called and how he's a chronic regular on Calder show.
And you chimed right in. Oh, and Lester called this morning too. That's all like you were reporting or something like a Lester called a childish
tattooed, you know, like a juvenile. I just mentioned a tour that I don't listen to call to that much. When every time I tune it on Lester's on it, well, that's a regular part of the show.
Lester picks a horse every time. I know. Well, if that a rip, well, Calder is very emotional about it. He is so hostile. He just he hates you like poison. Well, Lester,
then I get a call from Capri to last night right in the middle of the Cubs games. Everybody in their brother called me last night in the middle of the Cubs game. I'm going to start taking the phone off the hook. I can't stand it.
I just should mention I did want to do an hour on a Cubs game today, but I'm sure on time and incredible. Unbelievable victory two outs in the ninth inning after they blown the game. I mean,
they left suckliff in too long as usual. Blow on the game. Eric Davis hits his two run homer for the reds were behind two to one two outs. Nobody on base.
And it looks like you're excited about that. Let me do the break for specs because it's about one of my favorite movies. And then when we come back, we'll talk about Bill called her and those of you on the phone,
a bug off. Okay, I'm not going to have I got a lot of things to talk about. And I see you got most of the lines that up here very nicely. They've been very busy. Have they heard good calls like a crocodile dummy. I heard and Johnny dark.
Anyway, when you go into specs in North Miami, you're going to be amazed because you're going to find literally thousands and thousands of video tapes. In fact, if you want to verify that I'm not a liar, you can start counting them now.
Okay. And specs is definitely the place to go for music. And now just tons of choices of movies to anything you want hit movies classics, foreign movies, music videos, exercise tapes, great movies like Oliver stones, talk radio.
Well, now I didn't write this copy because if I were to call talk radio, great movie, I would be a liar. Okay, it sucks. But anyway, it's another MCA home video release and Dallas talk radio host Barry and they've crossed out the last name here. They don't even know the last name. Very public played by Eric Bogosian, who's very ugly.
By the way, discover one weekend of the skill and pushing people's buttons is one of the chance for national syndication and it goes on and on.
Barry and his fans lonely, the angry and the danger is no, the talk is not cheap, etc, etc. And if you want to really kill a couple hours of your life, you'll go get this movie. It's specs. It is one of the worst.
Okay, it is so ponderous that you'll keep looking at your watch like every two minutes saying, please, when are they going to kill them already? When is it over?
But they it's, you know, it's a lot of laughs. You'll find the best seat in the house at spec stores in Coral Gable, South Date and the brand new specs at 124 15, Bisgain Boulevard in North Miami, thousands of movies to render by that specs.
Would sound Florida's largest selection of music now the place for movies to.
And govern yourselves accordingly, all K 1237 at WID, at least we fed you lunch, right? Okay, don't get that at the FDM.
So anyway, Calder just, oh Steve got open phones again today. Who's he going to be ripping today? Probably Joseph Gackie is going to attack the defenseless today. That would be disgusting.
Anyway, Calder is very very upset. You know how emotionally he gets worse than me. Well, I don't want to get.
He is. He's worse than me. I think that's possible.
Yeah, I think that's possible. Because people hate your guts. If they're a growing, I've heard all these people tinkling all over you here today.
And what they fail to understand is that they're a growing, it's got nothing to do with me, but there's a growing number of people out there that hate you. Now you shouldn't view that as a negative. That could be a real positive.
I don't look what it's done for me. Exactly. Long as they're talking about it. Of course you haven't got anything to worry about. You could get a job on any station. I don't set these people on the offers.
So Caprita calls me last night in the middle of the Cubs game long distance. He's wandering around somewhere in Northern California or somewhere.
By the way, the company that owns that station Seattle is not ganted. It's good net that all of us is USA today out of Rochester. So another lie that you told on the year another nasty rumor.
Caprita. Oh, he hates you too. By the way, I don't think I said that. I don't think I said that. I love 94. This is the audience is going to pass out when they hear this.
Love 94. You could not go on the year until you set up your little Phoebe Kate's display every morning and you had Phoebe's picture and there was like candles or I don't know what it was all.
And then at the end of the show, you would take it down and put it in your briefcase. You used to go through this ritual every day on the year. Now that can't be true. What can it even is we have this expert psychologist that we just were talking to this morning.
He would be delighted to come in here. I'm sure and analyze you. Well, you talk about looking for trouble. Now even if it were true, what does that have to do with my performance on the air?
What difference? No, they had nothing to do with the performance on here. Just one of the reasons he hates you. What does that say? Yeah, there's always FTL. Yeah.
Hey, thank you guys. Thank you very much and govern yourselves. You know, they're very exaggerated. I had some pictures.
And it was no siren. There was no display and there was no routine or anything like that. I had some pictures. You talk about these people looking for trouble.
You had some pictures and what did you use to do with them? Nothing. Well, I mean, where were they? Well, I don't want you to feel like you're on the witness team.
In the same room that I worked in in the newsroom. There was some pictures. And where were they? Well, they would wherever. You know, it wasn't nothing. I can't believe he's saying this years later.
This is the best he can come up with. This sounds like somebody I used to work with with the David Cassidy pictures. No. I don't want to mention anybody's name.
Now, this is the best. This is the biggest atrocity that I have committed against society. Is the best they can do. No, I'm sure we can come up with some other ones. I'm just passing information along.
Just amazing. And anyway, this job that he allegedly had could pre-up and see at all. They put them up in a hotel room or something.
See, when he went out there, he called me and he said, it looks pretty good. I think I've got to not. He had a job, but like it was kind of nebulous. And it sounded kind of funny to me.
And he had been driving 400 miles away from Seattle because the general manager of telling him to wait in this and then I don't know what he kind of like fell through. And then Nick yesterday, remember, you gave me that message for a couple of people to call the guy who's the general manager.
So he called him last night and that's the last I heard from. So I don't know what's happening with Captain Dave, but that's a little respire report for the audience.
Well, maybe for you. Maybe he should be concerned about his own. Of course, he and Bill called her both are disgusted with you. Like last they're called him too, you know, like.
So does that. I mean, I just heard Johnny dark and and crocodile dummy within a couple of minutes of each other. That was pretty embarrassed.
I just said that's all I said. I told Lester it wasn't even a word that bit about the one I go on vacation. I told them I said, you are perfectly capable of doing the week. Why do they have to screw around? Of course, that was until I started hearing all these other things.
But I was this sandwich is great today.
I was like, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm
