to read it let's see those people call it one is one two two three four pretty fast yeah
me always one of those in Broward uh oh I don't see any other ones gone far well there we go
slow couple bulkhead Palm Beach now there goes Palm Beach wow you liked it yeah okay
okay bulkhead got left out that was kind of a slow there only six lines ringing now
to even after all this time no that's not the point I'm not trying to lay anything off on him
but I was saying the last thing of importance that happened was we had a madman
going nuts in the production studio just blasting us again we thought that was all over with
and we thought we had it pretty well and basically it has been over with from over on this side
the FM production to my left as you look at your radio speaker lady the dolphins are moving
from the left to the right with the aqua orange and black and blue and oh Sammy how's Sammy's
looking good tonight but anyway um we got that all straight now okay it's got's been very
cooperative and they got to speaker tilled to the moon on a certain angle there and then here
yesterday all of a sudden we had this incredible blasting going on and I we I left all that dead
air as usual because I just when that that happens I don't really know what to do you know what I mean
I'm not sure whether the scream or e to banana yeah and they cranked it up even louder and then he
puts some obscene stuff on tape and played it back for our benefit it's very juvenile crap was going
on I mean and I was just fit to be tied and I get out there with with Disney and boy Gary which is
like being left with the Heinrich Himmler and the Joseph Herbless and uh you know go into the
office and I'm just I'm foaming at the mouth and I said you know this kind of and out don't
worry about that stuff that's uh we don't only want to talk about that it's nothing it's nothing
so I guess when you don't understand what it takes to come in here and do the do a show not just
this show but any show when you don't understand the day in and day out machinations or radio station
it's easy to say uh you know don't we don't always start talking with that because we want to talk
about the same crap that we talk to you about every time we talk to you you know and that's uh
you know Jack Thompson and the FCC that's the only thing the only thing that they know how to
talk about there's nothing else that they can talk about except this uh this individual out there
in our audience just driving everybody nuts and who just continues making stuff up as he goes
along and harassing and destroying this show and destroying my life and just uh going on on I
won't say unchallenged but they're unimpeded I think would be a good expression it just never ends
and I'm supposed to sit back and wait until some judges got the guts to say hey that's enough
of this crap and you're just you're just out of out of control and you know believe that it's
going to stop and then to top it all off I go home and all I want to do is watch the cubs lose in
peace I already I knew they were going to lose that game they start Jeff Pico it should never have
been that close in the first place only the meds get the bases loaded they can only score one run
they shouldn't have scored any except that Walton was like doing a sleepwalk I think that disease
in center field in face stadium is contagious from one Sam well I think anybody a place that
are field suddenly becomes lost and uh but I knew the cubs had lose that was no problem because the
cardinals lost and the cubs are still ahead and everything's great and I'm getting these calls from
my landlord in California and uh uh calls about his attorney is hysterical attorney in Miami
and about my satellite dish and the permit and this and that and then I come to find out that this
radio station is sticking its nose there are people in this building who are interfering in my
private goings on there they haven't got anything to do with that wow and I've had these screaming
and yelling sessions with a sales manager in this building and I've explained to him what's been going
I don't want to rehash it all over again and you know to talk to anybody in this building about
any legitimate problem you could see that oh seriously the purple stripe on the wall there
you could just as easily talk to that purple stripe and get as much out of that as you will
out of any of these people and I've never seen anything like it if there's anybody in the audience
who pedals hearing aids believe me this is the place to come you do a bigger business than Spencer
is doing with a car wash okay you will pedal so many hearing aids because these people are deaf
they don't hear anything okay the only time they hear something is if it's something that we do
on here they don't like then they hear it right so I don't want to make it to you but so I
ever hear about really well you're a bad guy yeah only for trying to look you to still be sitting
there I'll tell you that amazing just a ground amazing problem it's after 10 at WIOD and out of the
summer vacations are over the kids are back in school the snowbirds are back up north and everything is
having a nice day sure and tell Tom thanks so much for the check and tell Disney well I can't say
that you won't see him anyway they're in that football meeting okay they have all the they're in
another one of those meetings okay see I come in extra early this morning because I've got these
incredible things going on and I'm just ready to go nuts what how about the phones well they don't
what are they going to call about they're sitting back they're listening all right if there are
people listening let's see the Roger wants to see the phone ring he thinks we're going to go
through another desperate day on the phone don't tell me we're going to have that with the phone
for the next month or so we're another one of these south Florida you know how we go through these
little cycles yeah I don't know well look at that even Tom here up there is this six seven lines
there they go that took like four they're out there they're just listening okay very good don't
be so insecure and paranoid Roger just because you work at WIOD with a bunch of mong heads
no I'm serious they have got more people with titles in this place and there is an
a one of them who's worth a quarter okay I was going to say a nickel I'm trying to be generous
this morning okay they don't know what the hell day it is much less anything else
and I wish the entire audience could have sat in on the meeting that I had with these people
yesterday I swear most of you would already be on the floor rolling in pain from the arsenic you
would have ingested okay I mean here I've been going through this thing with the city of
plantation and I think in permit and the satellite dish for a year and a half okay and I was this
close to getting it's straightened out this close okay put your two fingers together and have
room for a little pubic here in between can we say that or will they get upset and wash them
again I mean that's another story now we got these right when you're sitting up there and everything
you say it's okay for Oprah and Donahue and Heraldo and Sally and all these shows all they talk
about is sex and everyday and they bring on the transvestites and transsexuals and the bisexuals
and the nonsexuals and the a math or dites and and that's okay and they do it strictly to
titillate the audience to get ratings they don't do it to educate or inform or anything else
that they might tell you they do it only to titillate the audience but that's okay but if we say
douchebag on the air or if Steve doll you know the sexual humor on the air or how it's
true and whoever it is then all of a sudden they're going to have a nervous breakdown and it's
going to start enforcing the role and it's going to come down to everybody's ass and it's going
to come out to the license it's a bunch of crap is what it is okay it's like living in Nazi Germany
is what it is how the hell did I get into that I was talking about this meeting you know
there are other things going on in this radio station besides Jack Thompson okay
and what we're sitting in here trying to do a radio show and we've got some moron blasting noise
intentionally because he's got a childish mentality the same one who comes in here and cranks up
the air conditioning 120 because we don't want to sit in a meat locker every day
even though he does find it's comfortable enough to come in and eat whenever the food is in here
that's okay we don't want to know that's nothing don't talk about it we've got this other important
stuff we want to keep talking about until you're so sick that you want to puke on the floor and
can't even do a show anymore that's what we want to keep talking about it's incredible
and you have conversations with people you can sit there you can talk calmly as I have you can
rant and rave as I have you can call on the phones I have to our illustrious sales manager who
makes our program director look like Albert Einstein and that should speak for itself and
you talk to him and you tell him something as clearly as you were drawing a picture okay as if
you brought in Picasso to paint a picture to tell him exactly what the story is and he listens and
he agrees and two days later he does exactly the opposite oh it's so true now I don't have
enough excitement going on in my life already that I need to have people inside this building
they didn't pay for my satellite dish they didn't arrange to have it installed they haven't
gone through all the grief and all the lies and all the distortions and all the BS that I've
gone through for the past year and a half they didn't attend all the meetings in plantation
but all of a sudden they're interfering because they want to help me out so that now I'm within
this close and cut the hair and half of getting fined $200 a day in my landlord who's out in California
blesses solar's apoplectic is plumbing at the mouth okay
because the good folks here at WIOD are giving me so much help it's like the boy scout who's dragging
the old lady across the street and she's screaming and kicking and tearing on and they say lady he's
doing his good deed for the day and she says I don't want to cross this street and that's the kind
of help I'm getting from the good folks here at WIOD who are really helping me straighten out the
satellite problem I was within a quarter of a hair of getting it straightened out
and they're sticking their nose into it because they're such a helpful but how do they have time
to do it where they've got all these important football meetings to attend huh I want to know the
answer of that question do you want to do the rest of the show because I'm just getting started
I'm just getting started no I think wait till they hear the Tim Williams story I think you should
get it off your chest wait till they hear that story they're not going to believe it it's like
beige avos it is really I had the power that is attributed to me I wouldn't be sitting here
I'd be on I'd have my own satellite station you know like that preacher that's on 24 hours
a day with the glad you ever seen him oh he's a gene something out in California he's on tape and
he's on 24 hours a day and they have that number on there and the money just keeps pouring in and
he just he just stops double talk all the time and he's got pictures of horses that come on the
screen what pictures of the city different cities and traffic and boats and lakes and he's on if I
had that kind of power I put you in Baker to you know to shame and I may just re-adopt the fetal
position I was on the floor here for a while as even would help it didn't help no
it's 1023 at w-i-o-d don't you happy miss station isn't it great not to get the tourist to go on
haha so he wouldn't reason I'd like to do the show today it upsets them no it doesn't upset it doesn't
they're too stupid to be on don't you understand then I don't want to do it then
Arnold's Royal Castle 12490 northwest 7th Avenue North Miami both of you what he spoke well
before after he was here oh afterwards I can't say that you're here oh a duck in me this crab
Joey like it's a big secret he wants to plug it yo Joey will be on in 32 minutes on channel 10
Joey will be on here with Ann Bishop and the Dwight Lauderdale and I'm not asking the musical question
what does Don know haha I heard that I heard a rumor who peed on your cornflakes the smile I heard
a rumor you don't say he got me I see what I mean about any filthy and disgusting I say do
you say he did so cute I bet you're not going to say that on channel 10 are you so weren't
you going for this vacation you slept in a stand like this for a week or so what did I just say to
what was I just going to tell him before we started the the diversionary tactic I hope that
something about that awful show is don't we wish you don't care what we wish you the best but
will you please keep your clothes under in the show that was so tacky can I tell you what happened
that show what it didn't get canceled yet I know must hear she grins no I'm talking about the
first episode on Monday when you were in that we headed on here massage you get your clothes on
those who under your band you're closed on if you keep taking your clothes off the SPCA is going
to come on and take you off the air you know I was going to kiss you on the lips because we got
a king in here and kiss me we got a seven I know where you have I got a 17 chair can you wear
I'm the television when me listen overnight that's because I'm plugging the hell out of your
film exactly right we can't even buy a call from 11 to 11 30 gun and show anymore I want to kiss you
but yeah kiss this cousin Brucey's an ice-gabbit he was so boring yesterday I got some pictures for it
yeah did you guys go in sanding oh that's what that's what he interrupted that's what he interrupted
not I went over there to do some tapes you are such horrors it's incredible here's the guy
who created the nutritious is running around from here every year I don't start ripping my
sponsors again now will you please don't Zimmeloss 23 pounds on nutrition system you see the way
they play last night it looks like it with the mess this is what I wanted to show you because
and look at how the stadium was filled 69 trace stadium here we go who is this other guy there
69 I don't recognize him we'll see him met he wasn't a me huh that's not that's general manager
this oh of course oh there's the dugout I don't recognize any of those guys either in that nice
oh I guess we don't ring down the dome is an exciting you're going to show these on by the way
Larry King wanted to wish you well on your TV show you got a little message listen don't be 50 dollars
I got to ask you one thing I got to wait a minute
they never use these on the air and it's easy to see why now they're pretty good they're not
the guy called me yesterday and they want to use my face and your body okay you know I was
originally it's funny you mentioned I was originally going to use that as one things I
want to go do today and ask whose head would you put on what body in relationship to that TV guy
you know I was the first one to discover that before I went on vacation I got I got the thing in
here we got it in the mail and I said that's not her body she only wishes that was her body
that's an bishops body anybody
yeah let's put wait a minute let's put an bishops body with Brian or crosses head wouldn't that be cute
you're leaving you're good luck to show it you either by no I should be good hot you
did not I'm not supposed to be pretty huh well you're living up to building up
don't shake my hand hard I'm sorry I'm serious I jammed my finger dog
kiss oh yeah I'm out of here oh boy man even my dogs kiss me better than that good luck to
joy we'll see in a couple of years bye when you're out of work and get good oh god he I don't
go for that god what would you think about that some guy coming in here kissing and kissing and
kissing on the cheek wow I don't care let him kiss Steve on the cheek I don't want to say I
don't think we can say that they're gonna sit and wash them again no I'm serious I don't I don't
know whether to go out on strike or just to walk away what do you think who's not lying for it
brown hello yeah I don't know should I walk out sir should I just walk out walk out this place I think
if you walk out of the uh walk out of the minutes to the ground be a satellite yeah you know what it is
though they want you to run you see they got to have your lunch I run a lot I thought I want they want
one money they already got my money sir get out of here this man there's nothing what he's
talking about they already got my money I think I was from New York wasn't he and I started very
bad too all the calls gonna sound like that what am I mean all the calls there's three calls on
see we thought with the excuse yesterday was it was the day after labor day I have a feeling
we're another one of those shop floor to cycle oh no because they do go in cycles remember we used
to talk about better constantly where they just don't want to talk to anybody anymore Monday it was
great came back from vacation it was a holiday big welcoming back you know it's like you know drop
dead real good friendly town no I'm seriously thinking of just packing it in just walking out of
course I don't want to do that because that would make Jack real happy yeah that's true that's
good point but anyway it's 10 33 at W.I. they I'm tired of just being here to promo other people show
I mean Joey's okay he's a good guy never stole a freight train but that's show joy oh god
anyway bokeh and Palm Beach are not lit okay now when you folks decide that we can get eight
calls all at the same time and I don't want I don't want to talk about lester today okay I heard
enough of that this morning I don't want to discuss lester do you what about them well some guy
calls bill at lester used to years and years ago came down here he was a bell boy in a hotel and he
used to run bets to the track bell boy and bills had shouldn't it be a bell man yeah with lester it
was a long time ago he ran bets for friends I think it was Alexander Graham Bell he was talking about
anyway we got a mobile on here before the break I guess hello I know yeah this is still in a mobile
I just want to put the whole dog track situation right into a nutshell yes I heard they
have bitch yeah good bye Neil better very well done yes I was I was I'm impressed it's no one
called yesterday about that here they had this this great bee dog that mistakenly was a lot of
running a D race one by five and a half lights paid $11 in change I never mentioned that yesterday
hell of a price for a dog that you know it stands over the field like that and the public got screwed
on that and then they canceled a race because they found out that you know the guys the kids that
put the dogs in the boxes right before the race they stick them in the right box number one goes in
you know they put they mix up two dogs and they put them in the wrong box and then a lot of
people watch the race it went off and they left and tore up their tickets and it turned out they
had a refund coming because they declared it no race good Lord now how can you do that I remember
years ago at Hazel Park nobody's going to believe me on this maybe dirt acrimon will because he
remembers everything years ago at Hazel Park in a harness race the outside two horses lined up
wrong in other words the seven horse was in the eight hole and the eight horse was inside of them in
the seven hole now I don't understand that means it if you if you ever been to a harness racing no
oh well they have the number well you give like it like it called her for third bar racing they've
got the number on the stall on the front as you look at the starting gate sure they've got the number
one two and then if there's an entry they don't necessarily are in the same order but but you'll see
like two might have the rail and one eight you know what I mean you see the numbers right
in the stall where they're supposed to go so there's no way to confuse it all right
Wayne wants oh sure tell Wayne to bring all he wants to come to bring something special for
Disney and Boyd Gary and his lemon and come to bring a real special package for Jeff Arnold
Jeff what's his name Jeff Clark how quickly they forget and sail who's helping me with my
satellite dish so nicely that I only wish we should break a leg what was I talking about before
dogs oh about the dogs so anyway nobody really had any intent anything to say yesterday we didn't
get any calls yesterday so they after labor today we got more calls on there right now than we
had all day yesterday doing pretty grim I'm telling about the decision maker money
well wait a minute Spencer we give you all our harder money to wash the cars and you said
it off to that Jimmy well no I'm starting my own ministry so I'll give you the address before
you leave the building okay praise the Lord that's that's the name of it the OG's this
ministry you got it who's the guy with all the beer what are you talking about you want to talk
to your public come over here by this microphone woman and hear Spencer and say hello to your
audience come on Spencer and I'm being a lot of you sweet people I love all of you
oh that's how it's said during the commercial break well I can't repeat what you said
about it don't talk about Joey Reynolds like that he was a guest in the building yeah that's
how it you said okay go out and do some business for your Spencer Spencer's here so go get your
car wash folks the guy wants to retire soon two more years great I'm gonna work about two more
hours I have this place anyway it's he is Spencer get out 10 for you at W.I.O.D.
Steve today reaction to the president's message on the drug war guests to be announced at a
future date like about seven o'clock tomorrow morning after this place gets my satellite this
all straight and I'm gonna tell you something this is just so amazing this place it's just mind
boggling the lengths to which they will go to help you out even when you don't want any help
they will help you out even when you wish they would mind their own god damn business they will
help you out okay well I don't think I can say that anymore if it's now what's his name up
there Washington's gonna get very upset all Lewis all Lewis grandpa yeah yeah really upset
oh seriously are we living in America are we living in some kind of a fascist dictatorship I'm
really beginning to wonder that it's ridiculous so in other words all these television
pornographers can come on every day to all these set shows and have all these freakos and
wackos and weirdos and anybody and they do it strictly to titillate the public and build ratings I
don't care what anybody says we all know that's exactly why they're doing I mean even Donna he
admitted that okay this is what the public wants that's what they're doing that's okay but if
somebody says douchebag on the air the right away we got a bunch of right winged fanatics up there
in Washington we're gonna get all upset and start a big solid event and we've got to go through
all this crap again because they're gonna decide you know what the first amendment really means
isn't that great now have you ever seen any study that indicates that words hurt anybody never
even children they always use children and every resident you were protecting the children I got
news for you the smallest children who would ever hear a radio of any age hear words far more
graphic in the schoolyard every day than they're ever gonna hear on radio every day is that correct
every day how the hell did I get into this well well this is what we should be talking about
constantly 24 hours a day because that's all I want to talk about here they're obsessed with it
they're just they're overrun with it to the point where I'm just it's coming out of my ears it's
coming out of every pore in my body okay like some kind of a w-y-o-d disease
it's 1043 w-y-o-d once the next dolphins game coming up oh the regular season starts this weekend
right and the canes start this season Saturday and we got the dolphins into the bills at JRS on
Sunday and oh man is this exciting boy I'm excited you know what Larry King said once I was asked
to speak to the Hallendale police but never the dissociation annual dinner I spoke in at the end
of dinner the game you certificate making me honorary chief of police of Hallendale's Florida
and you know what he told him let me just do that
god isn't it great man he comes on a year with his with his pontificating BS and he's a brilliant
great broadcaster revered and admired by everyone except those of us who know him of course
and that's what's wrong with America ladies and gentlemen and a nutshell that's what's wrong with
this god forsaken douchebag place this I I'm serious I'm hearing those boots stopping in the
background any second now wouldn't you have thought that all this would have happened under Heinrich
Reagan because didn't uh mr. Bush talk about a kinder jettler fascism or something like that
yes I just don't understand what's going on here it's just incredible I understand what's
going on here like inside this building it's called non-compassmentus
we do have an opening in date if you'd like to join the passing parade here at WIOD at 7519463
and to share a few smiles with us here during these exciting four hours today and of course the
book and del ray light is always open we always expand a warm welcome for you to call on that
line and say hi how you doing at 278 9463 278 WIOD and get through immediately and here's
a thing from boy retard I've got some ideas on breeder's cup coverage but need your input first see
me when you get a chance well I can't see him this is from boy gerry I can't see any of these people
because they're in constant never-ending football meetings okay and the embarrassing part of it is
they're not in meetings about the games that are going on this season they're having meetings
about next season's schedule okay that's how far ahead that's how obsessed they are they
I just remember our slogan here ladies and gentlemen at WIOD it's more than a game it's a neurotic
obsession it's 1045 at WIOD let's take a call from one of our good friends in Fort Lauderdale
hello morning Neil good morning how are you good look at my friend your voice today thank you
they're in a beautiful day isn't it great that all those pain in the ass tourists have gone back
don't have all those long lines and all that heavy traffic can we just sit down and have
been miserable together right there you're damn right on that there you go listen I got this
problem with my satellite dish would you like to interfere with it sir no because I'm trying to
get one myself well there you go I'll give it to these men who are in Jeff Clark's home address
and they'll help you get it all straightened out even if you don't want them to sir I don't need
their help thank you neither do I Neil I want to thank you for turning me on to a good restaurant
well see there you go again if Neil's I'll I never got into that part I'll get to that after this
yeah after that Tim Williams speech I heard yesterday it was it it was like day job who's here
was like sitting back in the offices in the angles of W I N Z and listening to Tim Williams
pontificate about my tremendous powers of manipulating the South Florida radio audience in other
words if I tell you something is great no matter how bad it is you're going to listen to it for
example if I told you that the smeg green show is tremendous you would tune it in right no way okay
good color okay what were you saying I went to wings plus for the first time this week at
house stand excellent excellent food and I didn't realize that on Sundays they have all you can
eat for like five forty nine I didn't know that he is oh yeah they had a sign to want on
prospect over the night well maybe they're trying to keep it a secret they don't want me to promote
that because then all the snores will come in you know oh I'll tell you it was it was fantastic
and I really want to thank you for turning me on to that maybe they do want me to promote it in
the accounting second it was just screwed up as usual but that would be a very rare here well
what do you want you know you've got you you and the bird are great but the people behind you
that are trying to hold everything together they fall apart a lot yeah they all fall apart I think
you have no you have no idea how profound that statement like when you said they fall apart a lot
why I just thought about it for about two seconds and I think you I could never have said it better
for I appreciate it have a great day thank you what me all right it's 1048 at WIWD after this very
important message or two that we're going to pass along then I'm going to tell you about this
remarkable power I didn't even know that I had it I have these incredible powers of persuasion
and if I'm indeed that powerful I should at least be on the Jimmy Swagger show huh yeah great idea
I mean who the hell needs this we have a new name here that in fact they have it up on the
marquee out front it says this is the blind leading the blind here at WIWD
slashed it up you go
no seriously there's nothing you can tell them that penetrates it just doesn't sink in you you
we could be standing in an inferno and all the powers that be in the building could be walking
with their heads down as they always are through the hallway there we could say the buildings
on fire there's an inferno one for your life and they would look at you like did you read that
thing in the Wall Street Journal today of a it's true it's true kids did you see that performance
that Jack put on in court yesterday and the judge got all angry and threatened him and what
that's all they would say to you they just they are so I wouldn't even say one dimensional I would
say they are non-dimensional because dimension implies yeah something that isn't there if I
ran up to them at that time it said the buildings on fire they would go and said anything they would
ignore you they would go that's not important they say there's that pest again he needs to be removed
immediately they didn't say well pretty close now pretty close close closed closed
you know I gave them my word on it they think I'm some kind of a loose cannon and that anything
they say I'll repeat on the air which is not true but there were it's just that certain elements
of the conversation with these upper level management people that were so shocking because I've
heard it all before and this is not part of the area or any of the areas that would be like
classified information okay okay but they're you know that all these stations do all
this research and these focus groups they pay all this these big bucks giant bucks which is
like flushing it down a toilet they love I could tell them the same thing in five minutes but they
wouldn't believe me but when they start telling me that I can tell in other words you people out
there are so stupid now this isn't me saying this this is them all right that I can tell you
anything and you'll believe it in other words if I tell you that the I'm trying to think of
a show that Bob Gordon on WFTL has got the greatest morning show in the history of broadcasting
that you will believe it and listen to it and put it down in your diaries okay for the ratings
now do you believe that see in a Zeta doesn't this sound familiar when they tried to say to me well
cheese we you've got this gigantic audience in the morning because now they don't have any
audience at any time but you've got this big audience and he's great demographics and the show
is sold on it's but we need to translate it to like afternoon drive train and if you would just
be more positive about the music and I said to Tim Williams and Pete Bolger rosefoldger I said
I could offer my audience fifty dollars a day of peace to listen to that music and if they don't
like it they're not gonna listen to it you think that was an accurate statement I mean there might
be some who might take the fifty bucks and lie you know it's say they listen but you know that's
basically the point if people like something if it's good they'll listen to it I can't sit here and
convince you that something that is an abomination is good right like bush BingBang no
who is an abomination by the way who's going off real soon and I also told them you know if you
look see if you've been here more than five days you know something about this market there has
never ever been ever a conservative talk host would be exception of Alan Courtney and I'll get
to that in a minute who's had any ratings in this market at all and that includes all of them
Spellerburg and Thompson and your name but they're just thank goodness even though this is a
Yahoo town it just is a very small fraction of English speaking people who are in the bet real far
ultra right wing crap okay thank goodness now Courtney was an exception because in the beginning
he was a liberal amazingly up and the old people didn't listen to him because of his philosophy
they listened to him because he was on you know what I mean he was on forever forever he was the first
one in a market he was on here here for 30 years his audience was so geriatric that they made WOLD
look like a kindergarten and that's the reason he had to follow not because he was a right-wing
or left-wing or if he had no wings they would have still listened okay and it was terminal it was
awful hello right here why you know that you know four hours of that but they just don't want
to listen see the people these people in mismanagement they have to find out that they've got to
have it in black and white they can't sit down with somebody who's been here or a group of people
have been here a long time and discuss these things intelligently because some of us already have
been through all of this we've been through the grinder we know the ins and outs of this market
right?
mm-hmm
almost 14 like the Bob Gordon show
and the big Wilson show I don't want to pick on big he's a nice guy no talent but a nice guy
so anyway I don't know if anything I've made has made or said has made any sense to anyone but
those of you in the audience who work for it's not just working for idiots it's working for people
who just don't even have the capacity to hear you uh you can all relate to what I'm talking about
today they just can't what was the station always WS do remember the Ken or Dean thing
whether you used to have that break or he did we hear you remember that call it well we're
gonna have what I WI do it says we don't hear you no matter what you say we don't hear
we can't hear you and we don't want to hear you no matter what it is because we have other
important things that we need to keep pocketing a china k about day after day after day until you
are so tired of hearing about it that you're just going to pass out and nervous exhaustion okay
I don't want to hear about Jack Thompson anymore because Jack is full of crap okay
Jack makes up just outrageous crap as he goes along and it's the it's the Joseph Durable
School of a big life you keep repeating it off and up pretty soon people will start to believe it
well a bottom line is that nobody in his family is any of it because they know that it's all a
pile of crap and it's just a bunch of psychotic garbage okay and as far as the SEC is concerned
you know all of that stuff is eventually going to get thrown out in court because they cannot
just take her with the first amendment to the to suit five nerdy douchebags up there in Washington
and to pacify all the right wingers like Jesse Helms and all of his milk it just isn't going to fly
and they even know that they even admitted part of that but I think we ought to have a long
exhaustive discussion about it when we come back after after Henry Burrow in the 11 o'clock news
Henry Holly Wally due to law all the day okay 1105 at WI the I the only way I'm going to
spray myself is during the news break there and I do apologize for to Henry because I would
love to hear the story about Rick Weaver but during that break I went down the hall to see
our sales manager and his door was closed again you know I mean not all the way but another one
of these meetings see what they're doing now they're having the meetings today to decide what time
the meetings will be tomorrow and Friday okay that's true no no I take that back I'll be out of town
Friday for six weeks so I think the only way to do this is to have the audience called Jeff Clark
who's our sales manager and tell him to get out of my satellite dish okay tell me along
right which is that's a good idea because I can't I'm in the building but I think they'll have
better success getting the message through to him than I will because I can't I can't reach him
he they were have another football meeting this morning for six hours see what they do is they
like run through the dolphin express they go like through a dry run and sunny and Joe if I Joe
is sweating up a storm in a sports booth sunny and Joe have to like throw these long passes across
the conference table and not it's it's embarrassing you know they're running around there
sunny's already lost 40 pounds you see him he looks great but he says this is a little bit too much
okay he's getting a little too old for this and it's embarrassing and you hear the ball every
nine and like come down in the middle of the conference table and flop up in the Disney space it's
so the number here at WIOD the office number is 759 4311 and I'd be very appreciative that's
his star office number I don't want to get to switch board girl off so you didn't even know who I am
hell's you know that I had you know that somebody called here for Neil Rogers one day forget
what it was about and she said I don't know who that is GTR I don't know what I understand GTR
oh really told me that well maybe he knows who Jeff Clark is he's the sales manager here at WIOD
and I'd really appreciate if you folks would call him nine don't be nasty but just leave a message
for me probably won't have time to speak to each and every one of you but you know or but if
you do get surprised because he's had a rough life and he's very confused guy very confused and
explain to him just bug out a Neil satellite dish that he's getting it straightened out and to
leave it alone and he's screwing up my life okay does he really have that much time I don't think
so because I can never get a hold of the guy he's like always in there with the door closed
and you remember the guy who called from the convenience store the other day and was talking about
when he remember and he said why they closed the door and they locked the customers out yeah
I hadn't thought of that yummy $50 it's 11 away at WIOD we do have an open line in
on beach at 655 WIOD 655 9463 coral springs okay you must have just gotten off with Jeff Clark
he wasn't that good here's another coral springs oh there's a voice on this one though
battle as soon as you came on three lines just dropped off how you down it's obvious the audience
is really intensely involved in what we're talking about today we got like a several open
lines again just like yesterday all over again I've got to say yesterday no matter what I talked
about they just don't care anymore they never cared in the first place I'm nervous man yeah I got
somebody I got a few people here that want to say hello to you okay I'm gonna get one of
the people they want to say hello to me yeah they want to say oh hold on a second
when well Neil this is run over again yeah good I'm here we don't do week imitations call
up the Alice Rantel show tomorrow morning for a good luck to you get on Joey show you can be a
guest too impersonating a human being look at that phone board now man we down to three calls Roger
isn't that good wow I might as well blow those three off too huh I won't start from scratch
totally this is just like yesterday no matter how traumatic no matter what's going on don't confuse
these people with it they just don't want to talk to us anymore that's great thanks a lot folks
nice to see your very vocal support anyway I have a little bit you believe that okay it's 1113
at WID thank you so much our Dolphin Digest just came in look at that's Mike Disney picture on the
front there standing all alone in the middle of Joe Robbie City I'm saying where am I and what's
going on did you get any calls by the way Sharon did we get any calls on the switchport you don't
know Sharon just wants to keep a low profile stay out of trouble Friday is her last day we're gonna
have a gigantic party by the way I hope we're inviting everybody who ever has brought food in
to bring in tons of food and cakes and we share in the best she's a great human being and boy she
is getting out at just the right time I know seriously I congratulated her this morning and I mean
that sincerely from the bottom of my heart anybody who gets out of here now is doing the right thing
I trust me okay here comes one of the reasons I walked into the control room as I spoke okay here
comes one of the mean well he doesn't have his lemming on a shoulder if they have an operation
where they can separate you know that Sally Jessie the other day had Syemese twins on her show now
I don't want to sound insensitive but do you want to see Syemese twins on television and it was
right after breakfast it was Friday I think Friday more it was it was the most tasteless the most
exploitive the most grotesque thing that anybody could possibly do and you know they were only
exploiting it okay just like after rainman came out remember they had all those oh John provocateurs
of ons coming on or whatever they're sure and they're just exploiting those poor poor people
and putting them on camera and pounding on the piano the it's you know and all they're doing
is exploiting you see that's okay that's all right but God forbid that somebody should say penis
on the air or something right away they're gonna have an ever spraged out and Jessie humsman's gonna
have a committee meeting and they're gonna meet with my titty and they're gonna meet with Jeff Clark if
they can find him this this world is nuts you know it's just absolutely nuts there's an open
line indeed at seven five one W I O D here's a model on the vocal line hello oh wow
yeah what do you want no how you do we don't need any of callers listeners calling you
here this morning we've got enough problems already I shouldn't say that you know him so
emotional and sensitive oh he's been pretty funny the last few days you know kind of surprising
okay we have an open-finding bokeh at 278 9463 do 78 W I O D let's talk about Leicester for a couple
hours okay I think we get some action on that God almighty this town the things that you people
uh and but don't forget no matter what I say yeah is to show you how ridiculous that is I can sit
here and I can bring up 40 subjects in the first hour and I can like when I used to do topics okay
and get all emotional and and there's not one person out there that'll respond to a single one of
them right so obviously I have this mesmerized control over the audience okay for these people man
they just make it up is the good call 1117 and look at that right on the news is that he's a pain
but he's okay I like him too but he takes himself too seriously like he can't believe he called you
and God you either yeah but said I get hostile about he said I ripped him so who cares then if
anybody I know deserves to be ripped it's Leicester well I don't know basically what it is he just
bets jockeys he don't know anything about where's all these all these sycophants that hang out
with him on a roof garden up there oh Lister would you go it Lister don't have anything all he does
is bet on Jorge Dwarte and Derek Cancivato okay and Derek's okay he's a good writer don't
get many good mouth but he's a good writer and Dwarte I'm so glad he left town again holy Toledo
if I keep probably got lost and wound up in Toledo that's so he just gets lost everywhere he goes
at Dwarte terrible well I didn't rip him I just want to put it off there I did not I did not
rip him we have a break that were way way way well we'll get to it when we feel like it okay
when you got as much power as I've got you just do it whenever the hell you feel like it okay like
about midnight now we want to tell you about two now Sheryl what is it that you're doing please take
all you want because you're like family and those are you want to cheeseburger Spencer Royal Castle
burger it's an annelly burger all right here beat that you'll be real Nelly within about a half an
hour what it's trace it's trace yeah me too it's 11 30 at WIO do we have an open line in bokeh I
just mentioned this just in case Spencer is in the studio he's not so impressed to see a couple of
open lines you're not impressed right we got eight lines and two of the Palm Beach lines are not
lit up that means they don't like us up there anymore they don't have nothing to say well
that's a line nothing you know something Spencer they have nothing to say because he
also think even when they do call they have nothing to say that's right in fact even in date and
brown or the same as you really have a lot of they have nothing to say people one thing yes sir
we love you and they look at the color yeah we love you in bokeh oh yeah didn't work Spencer
there's the Palm Beach like Palm we love you nothing's happening Spencer why do you keep coming back
back for a little lunch there right
Garn through
out
12.06 is W.I.D.
We didn't stop that just in the song.
Now, can I guess today who does an embarrass myself?
That's literally, no, in that Ernie Kiel in that little Richard?
Yeah.
Tough.
Toughy.
Yeah, redeem myself from the rush today.
That's like when the Reneer is doing a birthday,
do I get to like Johnny Carson?
Yeah.
Entertainer.
Hey, good.
Hey, that's Ernie.
Hey, that's Ernie.
Man, is he good or what?
Yeah, boy.
And we just take another swig and shut up.
Okay, we got an open line in Broward, 524, W.I.D.
We want to keep these lines pulsating today, ladies and gentlemen.
We want to build a crescendo for the King's Show.
And I had to kind of rush my promo there, Steve.
A reaction to the president's message on the drug war.
Boy, is that exciting?
Huh?
Just say no to our president day.
Boy, what a joke.
I mean, yeah, boy, she is so wimpy that nobody even cares about him, you know?
Have you noticed that?
Yeah.
I mean, Reagan at least, even as malignant as he was,
Reagan at least had some comic quality.
You know what I know?
He was good to make fun of and satirize it.
But Bush is just such a total washer.
That's not even worth the effort.
You know, everybody basically ignores me.
You know, there's no impression.
Nothing.
No, it's not.
Like Reagan, everybody did Reagan.
Yeah.
Here we go.
Well, how could you do an impression of George Bush?
There's still some.
So, guess I've said about that flag.
Gully.
Yeah.
By Gully, geez.
But it shows they're still there.
They'll be doing Reagan.
And when somebody dies, you talk about a cold fish.
I remember one of the, I forget who it was, but one of our allies, one of the world leaders died.
He's all about that.
Oh, I don't know who it was.
It was the Soviet, what was his name?
Was it Grameco?
Andre Grameco?
About the Grameco thing.
Yeah, I want to send my sympathies along.
I mean, he's a stunning satellite.
He means it, okay?
And then we're asking about Bartir Mottie, the other day.
It was, oh, yeah, I want to be sure and send my sympathies.
He was a great friend.
And really, he had a lot for baseball.
He just, he just, a wimp.
You know, he's just a total washer.
Okay?
Yeah.
See.
It's 12-0-8 here in the Magic City.
And if there's anybody who's big sandwich, we certainly invite you to call the show now.
And I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I
to liankies at Seattle, there's that word again, the Mariners.
Boy, are they bad at 10 p.m.?
How do I Ankies and the Mariners do hey last night?
Is anybody know?
Because the acquies had won 5 in a row and God, I'd hate to see them stud building.
Because then Bucky guidance will get fired.
For sure.
Let's go to this mobile and browboard.
Hello,
Hi, animal, let's do it.
First time, caller.
St throughout.
You're calling from stores?
Yeah.
No, I'm stewards.
Aw,
In the self-forward business journal, there was an article
with our lean rod.
Yes, somebody called yesterday and please don't,
it didn't your first call?
Don't make it a real short one.
Okay, somebody called yesterday and we didn't make any sense
then and it still will make any sense now.
The fact is that Ali Ross, what is she doing
in the South Florida business journal?
What's the article about?
What's it about the...
What do they...
My wife's born?
It was about her history and radio and TV.
Oh yeah, she's a giant in the industry.
She had some good work for you too.
Her butt would cover the entire magazine.
She had some good work for you when they put it in the paper as well.
Yeah, I just...
Did I just say to this guy that we had a call about this yesterday?
Yeah, well then that's about it.
Okay, excellent call Stuart.
Nice first call.
Stuart didn't see...
He didn't hang on long enough to let me make him understand
that we don't have a harbor any grudge against him.
What is this?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't like it.
Do you?
You don't like the original rock scene?
No, I just don't think it's funny.
Okay.
Now this could be.
I doubt it.
It could be.
I said.
One for time, one for gold.
We've been singing for some time.
Just later?
It was like the rock and roll.
We were high and high.
We'll tell California days down on the beach.
So good up the race.
We knew those days had to end.
I can't stand when we're high.
We got high and we got old.
Movie sound jacks in the fall.
I did grow me a solo stuff.
If I did, I am your vice.
But you can burn yourself all out.
When the songs are working.
There's a kind of morbid, aren't there?
No.
It's not in the song.
This is not in the song.
It's morbid.
It just sounds morbid.
I want her to sit there.
Wait a minute.
One moment please.
We're working on this.
This is a repeat.
One foot that makes love not.
Now make a million.
Hit this back in 60s.
You got these once we've grabbed you up.
You missed a tip off on it.
Yes.
It's not going to get out and play it.
Mr. Weaver, especially with that first official game on Sunday.
Oh, here we go.
This is going to get like his upstairs.
How do I do see Jeff Edwards?
He's on a game show again.
It looks like he's 100 years old.
Really?
At least.
It's older than Jill.
Well.
Curried away.
You're a model.
Wow.
Do you imagine Ricky Tiki doing a talk up to this?
I don't think they ever sing anything.
Do you think?
He's still there by the way.
Oh, you know why?
This is the music bed.
He's still there.
Yeah, I heard him yesterday.
I'll get away.
If you cry your cats in Christmas.
Make them tasty and crispy everywhere.
If you cry your cats in Christmas.
You hold me back and keep me everywhere.
All across the nation.
Animal overpatients.
Roast them.
All across the nation.
Reefy them a nation.
They're not again.
They are not again.
Oh, please do not cry your cats in Christmas.
Okay, 20 past noon at WIdeck.
Yeah, like the whole concept is better.
Okay, let's see.
Look at this.
We moved up on the next break already.
I'm going to flip flop these two spots.
The person who made the log again is displaying a mentality.
It's called non-composmentos.
Anyway, let's...
Only $50.
Okay, 24 past noon.
He just averaged me.
24 after 12 at WIdeck.
Let's get to these calls, Knife.
We promised to Royal.
We're going to do a number on these calls.
Did we?
We're going to do a number watch.
Volka, hello.
Hi, Neil.
You still got a few loyal listeners and patient ones in Volka.
We got a few patients in Volka, huh?
Yeah, right.
Right.
The bird might like to know that the Chicago got eaten up 616 more.
Oh!
How are you?
I'm a person, tennis, but I am.
Are you in a mood for a good deed?
A what?
A good deed for a good cause that you could pick?
Probably not.
Well, I'm not surprised here, you say that.
You know, when publics went out of those green stamp business,
a lot of us are stuck with them.
Would you like us to send them in to you?
Yeah.
Okay, we'll do it.
Good.
Okay.
Send them to Mike Disney.
He's going to eat them pretty soon.
Okay.
I'm not surprised.
Okay, sir.
Have a great life.
You do the same.
Don't call us too soon now.
25 past noon at W.M.
He thinks he does his favor because he called on a vocal line, huh?
Baby.
Mmm.
You didn't get a little gracious breath.
Who is that toothpaste you use?
Yeah, yeah, that's sweet.
I know it's you.
You all know.
Oh, I know.
What?
You think I am a short-swore?
You know, baby, you know what I want.
Uh-uh, no way.
Not until you run down to the drug store and get those.
You know what?
You don't say it.
Get out of the way.
You won't say it.
Get out of the way.
What?
That's a major.
You know what the name of that cut is?
Close off toothpaste.
Does that make any sense to you?
Uh-uh, they're stretching.
What?
Stretching?
Appoint.
Oh.
New from Parapin Pictures.
It's a story of love.
Gee, Sally, I just love that hair on your back.
A story of friend him.
You know, you've changed me a lot.
Five years ago, I could have never gone out with a man who had less hair on his chest than me.
Directed by Rob Leiner.
When Sally got hairy.
Hey, Sally.
Is that a paintbrush sticking out of your nose?
You good?
Leave me alone.
His hair's receiving.
Her hair's protruding.
A film that proves opposites do attract.
What?
All I'm saying is that a man and a woman can't be friends without having sex.
But in your case, I'll make an exception.
When Sally got hairy.
Now playing at a theater near you.
Rated peeing.
Is that...
I understand why Jeremy's playing in that one.
Now this ought to be great.
Perfect for this time.
The chances are, somewhere near you right now, they're turning an auditorium into a giant mud.
And that's an opportunity for you to make big bucks as a monster truck announcer.
That's why you need to call big wheels truck announcing school.
At big wheels, you'll learn how to make your voice down big with echo.
Mud, mud, everywhere mud.
You'll learn how to talk fast.
Mud here, mud there, everywhere mud, mud.
Special guest, muddy waters, mud, country, super size, the muds.
Mud, dirt, slides, mud.
No earners say those truck names with authority.
Giant supercrux monster, fake foot, the abominable stovent, awesome con,
econ, econ, big con.
Time up today for big wheels truck announcing school by calling 1-800-Truck-View.
First 100-Truck-View!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Let's put this distance away.
Woo!
Woo!
And save it for a rainy day.
Woo!
Some other station.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Just see this meaning coming up a few o'clock again.
Woo!
Woo!
Man!
Don't ask me, I don't have anything to do with those disks.
All I do is bring them in here.
28 pass, no, the WIOD.
What's this little hate card?
The victims.
Oh, it's a one of those movie things.
The victims, motion pictures, M-O-C-H-O-N.
I don't know, would you advise you would suggest to a sneak preview.
The first motion picture to address the issue of AIDS is it affects a heterosexual couple.
If your Steve would not be interested in that.
Okay, who's that on the bat line, I wonder, is that what a Nixon-X doing?
It's the 1229 at WIOD.
The Steve Keyn show this afternoon exclusively on WIOD.
That's because nobody else in town will hear it.
Reaction to the president's message on the drug war, guess to be announced at a later date.
And then Sports Talk with Joe and Hank at 605.
Rush Limbaugh, one of your last chances to hear this vile creature at 8 o'clock
and the Yankees at Seattle at 10.
And now we've got three open lines on the board.
I really think this is going to be it for me today, and I'm going to take a long rest.
This is a, some slap in the face, isn't it?
Are we doing something different than we ever did before?
I haven't noticed.
No.
Something that...
I thought we'd give him plenty of things to sink their teeth and do like, you know, bottled water.
Yes, or no gas, stuff like that.
And they're just indifferent today.
And even the ones who are calling up basically useless as hell, aren't they?
Yeah.
It's true.
It's enough to make me want to put that disc back in their...
Almost.
Almost.
I enjoyed it.
And then Roger said the bar is Buddy Holly's birthday.
Well, I was birthday.
Because it was birthday.
Yeah, it's his birthday.
Oh, well, happy birthday, buddy.
Let's have a big party for Buddy Holly tomorrow.
Are two buddy can't be here to be with us, but, right?
But we remember him.
Yeah, we sure remember him well.
He couldn't swim as well out of a paper sack.
He couldn't, you know what I mean?
I like his music, but he couldn't sing at all.
Let's be honest about it, okay?
Well, it was different.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Not just maybe, up coming a rebeach, I could be just mashed back up.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Stop singers and hey girl, and let's keep coming here with BMR and Sucko.
That's the good one.
Right on the dance with a jibbong.
Thank you.
Boy, what a talk, huh?
I like he didn't say that on it.
He said, haha.
Thank you, thank you.
Say hello.
Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello.
Miss, wasn't that the fastest cabe that you ever saw on Radio?
I hope this little conversation does not let it go, brins.
A hint.
It's a little of a nighty rockin' on as we do it with GM.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
This guy was terrible.
This guy was on the other one of your.
They're a little reverberant.
They're a little reverberant.
Figures he was on here in New York.
He was awful.
BMITL READ.
Does anybody of you ever hear of this guy?
Did you ever hear of him?
Not at all.
Okay, how about you?
Yeah, sure good.
Did you?
I don't really know.
Never heard of a guy.
Okay, hold on.
How about you?
No, I didn't either, Neil.
All right.
Line four.
I don't have that really.
Okay, five.
Neil.
Do you ever hear of BMITL READ?
No.
Okay, hold on.
Six.
Ah, no idea.
He sounded like him though.
Hold on.
I think that guy's practicing doing doggo.
Eight.
Hello.
Hello.
Did you ever hear of this guy?
He's a realist, Matti.
Frank Wolfen.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They just had to share their last kiss.
Who is this?
Steve.
Aren't you going to be on the ear in a little while?
Uh, you trust me.
I'm not that stupid.
It sounds like Lee Fowler Jr. Jr.
Trust me.
Boy, what a line that is.
When anybody says to me, trust me, I start running.
I heard it was a credible phone call.
The bell powder show, the other phone.
Who's that?
Lee Fowler.
Oh, I wish I would have heard that.
And it was the real Lee Fowler.
What?
I just called Willie because of the phone call.
Oh, who the hell is he kidding?
He's spreading a lot of rumors.
Colbert told me yesterday that Fowler called him.
And he's spreading all kinds of ugly rumors as usual.
You know, he's a big troublemaker.
He's the right guy.
He had to apply.
That's the guy.
Well, you know, since Levitt came back to Miami,
somebody had to fill those shoes.
Oh, those are tough shoes to fill.
Yeah, size 18.
Uh-huh.
Who is this guy?
This guy's got all the material I can't put it.
What time is your show on?
I had to call him because...
Yeah.
Have you ever heard of Nightmare on Home Street 6?
Well, yeah, 7, 8, 9.
I don't know.
What I'm saying is, what TV screen here is?
The TV screen here is a big sound already.
Well, not me because last Friday night,
I was thinking of Neil because I was watching the cards.
I'm a big co-fan.
And I'm watching, and in the same game they had...
That's not...
You're...
...Killgus and Wilson.
That's Nightmare on Addison's screw.
I'm gonna think you're out of the room.
Yeah.
Well, I got news for you.
When Peaco and Tillgus both page last night,
pitched for, uh, 7 innings.
I saw it.
I couldn't believe it.
And they've hold the meds to two runs.
That says a lot about the meds, not about them.
The meds should have beat him 28 to nothing.
Yeah.
But I was pretty good.
Hey, well, I just want to say, I know the marriage
would seem to be a rass and we're again.
No, they're not exactly harassing.
They're just...
I think the word you're looking for is incompetent.
Yeah.
Well, they're really not harassing.
You know, if I quite to the contrary,
they're telling me how wonderful I am and how I've got this tremendous power
over the audience, and I can just do all these incredible things.
And I can't...
I can't take responsibility for anything else other than these hours.
But you're kind of a better pill.
That's why they did say that.
Well, I was just going to say, you know, I was thinking of a...
And I said, swallow this.
Well, I was thinking of a green line up on WQAM
with clever in the morning, you and me, that midday,
and standing in the afternoon, who would be incredible.
Staying.
Staying.
Boy, you...
You really are regressing here.
We miss them.
Well, I don't miss them.
I talk to them every day.
I know, but we don't get to talk to them every day.
And he still has no show, believe me.
But it's better than what's on the tour point.
Now, now, see, you're starting it again.
In fact, Steve, just...
Jay, I swear to God, just as you said that he walked into the control room...
In a dream.
And you're wounding this poor guy.
Would you leave him alone?
He's working for a bunch of brain dead morons.
Well, it's cool, because the tour clock
I turn it right to Ron St. John.
Well, you are desperate.
Yeah, yeah.
Have a great day.
Yeah, too.
I think I was kind of interesting.
It's just that until you start bashing Steve mercilessly there,
it's 1242 at WIOD.
We have it over to Steve, I didn't care anymore.
He's beyond that stuff.
I don't even know.
He doesn't care.
He's beyond that point.
Oh.
Now, how does it feel to know that you're working for morons?
Doesn't it disturb you a little bit?
I don't want to, you know, make...
There he goes.
He's going to put a message.
He's not coming in here, but he's putting it on the screen.
I mean, these people are so...
They're embarrassing.
Oh, he's used to it.
Yeah, well, that's true.
You've been in business this long.
But, excuse me, it's frightening.
If these people could get a hearing aid and just hear anything you're saying to them,
and they just, they don't absorb anything.
They need to get derosy with some bounty or something in this place, you know,
because they're just totally non-absorbent.
Oh, God.
Anyway, we have an open line.
I don't want to say non-absorbent, because then at Guy Up in Washington,
we'll get all upsetting in with the FCC, Alex Trebek or whatever his name is.
655 WIOD is shocking.
We do have an open line in Palm Beach.
I know that comes as a tremendous surprise.
That guy was a pretty good color, was he?
He was prepared.
He sounds like he could be doing 8th to midnight pretty soon.
No, they...well, it isn't a secret.
I guess that part of our conversation, and they don't like ask me who I'd want,
because they would never hire the people I want anyway.
But they are going to get somebody to replace Bush Spring Bay like a real living and breathing person.
Yes, that's the word.
But I think what they probably will do, because they don't want to go overboard in the beginning.
Whoever they hire to do nights, they will have him taped the show first.
No, no, no, we'll run the tape, because we don't worry nervous about putting too much live programming on WIOD.
Right?
And so I have to put it on tape and then we'll run it on delay.
All right?
Well, you can never look.
You can never be to save when you work at WIOD.
Well, I heard they run the delay when they run back.
So, what we're going to do is we're going to have Nick Edithet tapes.
Then we'll play the tape and still run it on delay.
And how's that for being cautious?
So, okay.
Should they do unscattered?
Right.
And what we're going to do is during the 8th of the minute, we'll bring in about four lawyers,
sitting in the good...well, there's a lot of room in this studio, right?
And when there's nobody in here when the tapes are playing,
and they'll sit in here and they'll...one of them will hold, they'll take turns.
Like, umpires, you know, rotate in a baseball series,
how the umpires start at home play, and then they like rotate around.
Okay.
They'll do the same, we'll have a panel of four attorneys in here,
and the editor, if I can say that, will be the one who's fingers on the dump button.
And he's got seven and a half seconds.
They have a little, little mini conference when the guy says,
grapes or pubes or something.
Now, I'd dump it.
I'd dump it.
And then he'll, whoever's sitting, he'll make the final decision.
Okay.
Stop, honey.
Oh, it's pathetic.
1244, W-I-O-D.
Miami.
Hello.
Welcome to a real place.
How you doing, man?
Oh, we're doing great, sir.
This is what it's all about.
Listen, this is the call, this will bad, why don't you, uh,
throw me them, and leave it to me, or Chicago.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, listen, I got a sports intensive weekend, I got the coach game on Friday.
Are you going?
Yeah.
You got tickets, boy, that must be right.
I bet you are.
I bet you're a little there, the loyal to you, so you got tickets for them.
Boy, that's going to be great, because there must be impossible to get tickets out of the Cardinal series.
It's a big while we're here.
How long you got to be there?
Oh, I got the whole weekend down, driving to Wisconsin, Saturday, watch the Cain's play.
Wow.
Yeah, they're new, are a wild child.
I think I'll take a few bears, I don't think I want to go see those stupid bears, though.
No, I'm not sure about that.
No, I know that's a big man's gun, it's not any fun anymore, you know?
I know, I'll just try and sneak into the cup here on Sunday, you know, it's going to be tough, but...
I think if the bears want to bring back some fun, they should bring Abe Gibran back, his head coach.
Who?
Does you remember Big Fat Abe Gibran, he was like about 400 pounds?
No, I'm only 25, no, I'm not that old.
No, he, it was just wasn't that many years ago.
I think Abe Gibran was there right before Dicca, I believe.
I don't remember, I remember with brother, I think he was Jack Cardi, the coach before his egoist.
Abe was pretty forgettable, okay?
He had a beer belly, the size of the state of Iowa.
Really?
Yeah.
The Burnham, I'm watching the 17th play on USA, he looks really cute.
Wow, great.
But I'm curious, I think.
What?
She took two bush from you, you know?
What?
Yeah, you know most of those women tennis players, man, they could knock you into the ground for two seconds, just with a stiff upper cut.
No, since I've seen her in person at the airport one day, she looks a little bush.
Boyish?
Boyish, yeah.
That's a no-for-one like L.A. Martina, just a little boy.
Yeah, just lively.
Like she'd like to drive her pickup truck over your feet.
Okay, listen, have a great time, give us a call from up there if you get a chance.
I'll be right back.
If you're doing the weekend for I'll call you Monday then.
Okay.
I'll have to call a sweeper, right?
Well, I got my fingers and legs crossed.
Because I'm in New York over there, I hate those mats, I'm in 80's hand.
Well, how did the Yankees do like that?
I was at 12 to 2.
Six in a row, boy, look out.
Oh, it's Jordi now, you know?
Yeah, that's Jordi.
That's right.
George, baby, I guess Bucky is maybe safe till the end of next week, anyway.
Those bros are going to be careful back in the race.
Okay.
Good luck to you.
Boy, there's a real dreamer, huh?
And here, friends, is what bliss when you 1190 see Liz with ugly.
Yes, yes.
Oh.
Oh, that was just...
Even I don't think even Ricky Tiki would have done that.
Let's back to that.
That was just...
Hey, Liz.
That's not like AIDS flying on the ground.
That sounds like there's some Arnold Drill cancel.
I hear those little birds are sizzling on the grill.
I'll cheer it.
What happened?
You hear it?
For the summer.
Yeah, that was so...
No wonder nobody wants to admit that they've ever heard of B-Mitchell Reed.
It won't think about our audience, man.
No matter what you ask, they don't know the answer.
They know nothing.
They know absolutely nothing.
Zero.
It must be so many while you know we had cousin Brucey in the studio yesterday
that didn't seem to do much for anybody, you know?
I'll always knew your weller all out there, powding because of the match, you know?
What's your real cry, babies?
1248 at WIOD.
Steve, reaction to the president.
What?
That's what he said, you know?
You don't believe it?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I believe us.
It's very positive.
I'm sure it ought to be a vicious guy who really is.
Oh, anyway, are we back?
106 at WIOD.
We got a call from Vegas down there.
What the hell is that?
We don't...
Do we want to talk to him?
Wait a minute.
What's all a mong in this envelope?
This is supposed to be a book.
What is that?
Oh, God, there's something...
Yeah.
Rosen's got it here, man.
What is it?
It's a spin.
It's at a copy of my first book, Human Destiny and Woman Liberation Movement,
but somebody wrote a book that's this illiterate?
It says.
And look at all the mong in here.
What is this?
Oh, wait a minute.
One moment, please.
Look at this.
Ah!
No, I'm not going to hold it.
Yeah, it's a guy.
It's a guy.
It does, it's a guy.
Yeah, it's a guy.
It's a guy.
But I'm glad it is to what's inside.
I've got to wash my hands.
Oh, this is gross.
Wait a minute.
It's wrapped again.
There's another wrapper in here.
Oh, it's a guy.
Oh, it's a guy.
It's always good.
It's wrapped in it.
Look at that.
There's really a book inside.
Oh, there is.
Huh.
It's kind of a mental-eventure version of this.
A persistent professor in my any university.
How's the university in my university?
Oh, excuse me.
Boy, look at all the junk in it.
What did they do inside of that package?
I'm afraid we can't even repeat it on the air.
Lessed all the folks in Washington.
Look at this.
From some douchebag in Miami, sure.
What's it called?
And it's talking about umbilical cords and...
Oh, I think that's what was in that package.
Oh, gross.
The book tells the story of the biggest cover-up
in the history of all mankind.
I wish it were covered up forever in that envelope.
Oh, oh.
Look at that.
Some of it got on the table and it's growing.
It's like a killer penicillin or something.
Okay, I guess there's somebody in Vegas here waiting patiently on the line to tell us something.
In you?
Yeah.
Go on the old paper.
Who's this?
It's Joe Jr.
What do you want?
What's going on there?
Nothing. Absolutely nothing.
Except I just opened up an envelope that had all this mung in it.
Okay.
Where's those white castle hamburgers you got to be all one time?
Oh, those were all mine.
Those were petrified.
It was all on in that town, huh?
Nothing, sir.
We've my lips.
Nothing.
Zero.
Zip-bitty-doodon.
Not a thing.
I heard that they got rid of this morning truon.
Zeta, huh?
Mm-hmm.
And what did that happen?
They're talking about that out in Vegas?
Why?
I'm a friend.
Secondly.
Kick and ask with 50,000 colors.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the lightning round on the Neal Roger Show.
The one.
I'm a new radio.
Night's rain.
The way I am.
Good.
Well, incredible.
I got that into mail.
Must have been from Dave Graveyard, huh?
I guess.
Wow.
Thanks a lot, Dave.
No, he said Dave.
What is his story, Joe?
Oh, that's, anyway, there's enough that I moved out here in July.
You moved out there?
Yeah, I got it.
Bad move, pal.
No, are you kidding?
It's a great town.
Well, that's what I mean.
It's a little too exciting out there.
I think the culture of Chicago will get to you shortly.
Yes.
Listen, I'm kind of pissed.
Before you went on your vacation in July, you promised me you would play the casinos.
You never did.
Well, I can't find it.
Well, I've heard the casinos.
I can't find a record, OK?
And how do you know I never did?
Because I listened.
Well, I can't find it.
Well, that's about it.
OK.
I'm living over here.
Yeah, obviously.
Well, our playing that record is the, you know, the hinging on the rest of your life, I guess.
I'm going to be trying to be good.
I just don't have it, OK?
If I would have found it, I would have played it, OK?
But for you to bring that up again and try to like give me a guilt complex, I can't believe that.
I really, I'm really depressed.
Well, you can make up for it, just put me on hold.
OK.
11 past 1 at WIOD and let's go to a real city, Boca.
Hey, you know, I want to talk about the flagler incident.
I want to encourage everyone to stay away.
It's 11 after 1 at WIOD.
You know, you idiots that call with these sporting wars.
You can talk to those who just come out of the streets and are brought to you.
So I just get lost.
Well, you go back to Brooklyn and show everybody your two colors if you're part of that expression, OK?
It's 11 past 1.
Well, I can't believe it.
I'm going to juggle this out.
She's got this log so screwed up.
Honestly, God, I wouldn't wish this log on, on Paul Lyle, OK?
No, I mean, who does these logs now?
God almighty.
Old watcher name, she wasn't competent enough.
I guess she just didn't keep her mouth shut, huh?
She was everything.
I didn't know what she was doing.
Oh, and they got somebody doing these logs.
Now, I just, well, it kind of fits.
It's like every other part of the day-to-day business here at WIOD.
I think the word I'm looking for is disaster, isn't that what it is?
Anyway, we want to remind you, speaking of this word, that sounded you know,
but it only got two hands.
What's up, ho, ho, ho, ho?
Don't be so stupid.
Yeah, that was better.
Yeah.
OK, let's go take you call from Papano.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. Hi, Burr.
Yeah.
This is Ryan at Sharp Music in Papano.
Uh-oh.
My little chronic guy.
I've been labeled chronic.
I heard it the other day.
I can't believe it.
I finally did it.
Yeah, this is right?
Yeah.
But you are.
You have a bad look on the stage when you said that, Neil.
Boy, I guess you look.
I thought the joy real show would weaken it.
Hey, Neil, want to mess it back a little bit?
You left us for a bit.
Did Joey use to kiss you before he had his TV show?
Or is that just like a show of his stuff that he's doing now?
Is it like he's just like, you know, all the other shows?
Joey kisses everybody.
That's true.
He did the four of his...
I don't like it.
I don't like it.
Well, he's really ugly.
I want to kiss him.
No.
But they didn't do that before the TV show though?
Yes, he did.
He'd always done it.
I didn't like it then and I don't like it now.
So, oh, it might be...
You're making about 100 million on his TV show
and he leaves some cash with every kiss
and it's a different story.
Or if they have a name for that, but that's beside the point.
Well, you know what you got to do about your finger now?
The damn finger.
I don't want to discuss it with you.
One 24 at WIOD because you're...
I'm just tearing your voice.
It brings many immediate possible answers to mind.
Let's take a call from Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Hmm.
Isn't that straight?
Oh, there it goes.
I like hearing the click that it's definitive.
Then you know that you've been shined.
You know what I mean, sir?
Huh?
I know it.
Okay, well, it's the nice talk and you believe in tying up that line long enough.
Okay, now we've got some open lines.
One in date, anyway, 751 WIOD.
We've got Hank and Joe on sports talks tonight.
And Joe is going to put Hank on his spot
and ask him why he's such a trouble making putts.
And then fall...
And that's for Joe.
That's going to be quite a...
Not really, quite an accomplishment.
And then we've got Rush Limbaugh, one of his very last appearances on WIODFOD
by the Yankees at Seattle at 10.
Hurricane's on Saturday in Wisconsin.
Boy, they're really playing a toughy this start, huh?
Make sure.
Is that the girls' team or the guys?
And they've reached the dolphins.
And this is no laughing matter.
Take it on the bills at Joe Robbie Stadium on Sunday.
Oh, boy.
Now, is that game black too?
Pong Beach.
Hey, Neil, aren't you?
Hey, bird.
What's going on?
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Hey, when you guys are in the...
What are you on?
Come on, now, don't fall apart on a screen.
You're on a very important Pong Beach line.
And as soon as I punch you up two other lines, drop off.
I mean, you've got an important responsibility to fill your...
Hey, I was hired.
You don't...
Hey, huh.
We'll be real lucky to get through the whole show here today.
The song, uh, Bambi, you know, is Blackbuster, you know.
28th.
Bambi?
Yeah, Bambi, you know, bird.
You ever watched Bambi?
Have I talked to you about six months ago?
Remind me.
No.
Oh, what do you...
What do you say?
I don't understand.
No, Bambi, you know, okay, Bambi, you know, the movie Bambi.
The movie Bambi, Walt Disney.
Right.
And then you've got Broadway, it goes up to Bambi, goes...
Bambi, bird.
Oh.
No, I don't mean that.
Oh, isn't that cute?
You mean, we went through all of that for that?
Hey, you know, this is the Palm Beach Line.
Yeah, I can't expect too much.
Say, listen, anything you want is long set.
There's a couple of minutes.
Let's see, we've got seven other calls, two minutes...
Hey, what's up with the show?
It's, uh, maybe.
There'd be another trend in sometime next week.
They are telling us because we don't...
Don't you understand, sir?
We don't care about any of those things.
All we care about is Jack and the SCC.
That's all.
Those are the only two things that we care about.
And they're like three cartwheels and Disney changing underwear.
And these people I'm telling you are just making me sick.
Yeah, that's really...
They're making me nauseous.
Yeah, when you go on the cushion, you know what I got that.
When they start telling me again about how much power I've got
and how I can manipulate the audience,
or whatever I like, the audience will like.
Oh, God, I mean, that sounds so familiar to me.
It's like, it makes me want to breath every meal I've eaten for six months.
That was WRD.
It's pretty high.
I think they've been attending.
You know, all these days when they've been out of town?
Yeah.
I think they've been attending the Tim Williams School of Bronze Day.
Yeah, I'm afraid of it.
I really am, and it sounds so familiar.
I'm about to connect with the school of Bronze Day.
And you know that Tim Williams' boy.
Well, he's got small children.
We shouldn't talk about him.
Well, listen, have a great day, sir.
You didn't contribute a lot, but you killed two or three minutes,
and that's what really counts.
Say, well, you know, we try, we try to help you out whenever we care.
Okay.
Have a great life, pal.
Bye.
I'm 28 at WRD.
This is great.
In that blow run, the stretch run, as they say, I'm going to even be daring
and turn the CD player on again.
No, I'd be last time.
I should have right off.
Yeah.
I know.
I'm over to it.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
I don't want to take too many chances.
Especially as regards my saddle like this situation.
And then all of a sudden you do it like 180
return around when you least expect it and do something in
and bizarre.
I don't get it.
And then when Disney says to me this morning,
well who does that dish belong to?
I said that and I know what you're talking about.
It belongs to me.
I paid for it.
I own it.
The station has got nothing to do with it.
Bug off.
Right?
Don't give me so much assistance.
You know what I mean?
Well you can tell this wall over here.
You can talk to the wall.
You see that mug that cloth that Wayne Arnold brought in
with a birch beer?
I could take the cap off of that and just talk into the
make hollow reverberating sounds in there.
And at least it was left in the bottom.
It would ripple a little bit.
You know what I mean?
It would have some lasting effect.
At least a temporary impact.
It would cause a little ripple,
a little wave in the birch beer.
But boy I mean talk about hopeless.
It's a problem because it can't happen.
But if everybody could be in business for themselves.
You know what I mean?
I mean it's just ridiculous because we can't do that.
But that would be the ideal world where each person was like
an individual contractor and we all were our own boss.
It never had to work for some idiot, some imbecile, okay?
I know.
Boy do I know.
And the thing that I love is they keep telling you,
man, we're behind you and we're spending all of this money
and we're fighting this maniac and we're doing this and we're
doing that and man, we don't, you're just the greatest things
in sliced bread.
And they keep putting you in this position like you.
Oh geez, I'm so grateful for your support and I'm so glad that
you know what I mean?
What they used to have in this time period,
I wouldn't wish on WFT, yeah, I wouldn't wish on the motivation
station, okay?
The numbers and the demographics they used to have in this time period.
So we don't need to keep rehashing the fact how great I am.
What we need to do is like go on with life.
Is that possible?
No.
I guess I'm being unrealistic again.
You know how we fall into the relapse into these old habits again
of being just unrealistic and having unreasonable expectations.
134 at WIOD, five-year-old shows that every one of you is a moron, okay?
Sure, who?
Yeah, it is.
A reerge.
Mindless.
You realize that there are people starving and these stations are
paying money to these fakers and consultants for quote unquote research?
And you know what?
When all the research is done, you know what it shows you?
It shows you things that any moron could have told you right off the bat
to be honest.
Of course.
But they're so insecure and they're so incompetent that they have to keep reinforcing it.
Oh geez, look at that.
Look how popular this one is.
It's all in a book anyway.
Isn't it?
It's all in a ratings.
Oh, God, and they just keep spending and spending and doing these focus groups and having people repeat the same things over and over.
And the only reason anybody wants to do that is because they don't know what they do.
Who is that?
This boy here?
That's not a boy.
Yes, it is.
I want to say that.
I think Jack is going to be writing things down again.
I can't see the picture was upside down.
Boy falls in love with boxes.
How old is he?
Well, I want to tell you about this opinion.
So I don't want you to read it, okay?
Why?
Because I don't trust you to read it.
You read it again.
Because you'll say this disgusting thing.
What?
Cutting.
This is Roberto.
Mm-hmm.
Oh.
Oh, he's 36.
He is not.
He's a teenager.
Oh, he's ugly, too, any?
Boy, thank God he's ugly because I sure are old.
Geez.
Don't even look at him.
See, I can't look.
You can't look.
Like, are any of these tennis players that are close to like under 30?
Oh, oh, yeah.
Well, I would stop.
I wouldn't...
No, they're tall to be.
Look at a young woman at age, okay?
Jack said that maybe the age of Catherine Hepburn, is she still living?
Yeah.
Well, there you go.
There's a good place to start.
Anybody who's Catherine Hepburn's age older, you can look at.
Look at only.
Oh, okay.
Near 80.
There you go.
22-till-2 in WIOD.
Here's a call from beautiful...
Steve Ring Florida, ladies and gentlemen.
Yeah, how you doing?
Or is this Steve Ring New York?
Steve Ring Florida.
That's what I saw.
Steve appeared in Smordeds.
Well, that's great.
Sounds like it's exciting.
You got it.
Got it wrong.
I know.
How's your gym finger doing?
My jewel, it's jammin'.
Yeah, well, like I said, I had to come up with a friend down there.
Steve and George?
Oh, a couple of real douchebags I understand.
Yeah.
We can't say that on the air because they'll get all upset and washin' it again, you know?
Yeah.
Hey, um, you know what you can do about their jam-fear?
Yeah, I know.
Ah, ha, ha.
You want to?
Well, he disappeared in it.
Yeah.
Oh, one-till-2.
How you WIOD?
Miami, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah, he was in Sebring like I'm in Pa-Hokie.
Yeah.
Uh, bear with me.
I'm attempting to break my maiden here today.
I just had a couple of items.
Oh, yeah, that's like most of the horses I've been on a cullter.
Like do these red shoes the other day?
You know that, uh, four maiden voyage with George Duarte who's stopped at the holiday in
for a good night's rest?
Yes, sir.
The sports promotion at WIOD did with Don.
Who was a hungry man?
Isn't he about famished by now?
You ought to invite him in for lunch with you one day.
Yeah, I think Starving would be the opportunity.
But don't forget there's only exhibition games this way till Sunday.
Right, but then it's really gonna be something.
And probably your good friend, Hank Goldberg could arrange that for you.
Well, he's gonna be my best friend, but we're not on speaking terms anymore.
He turned out to be a real putz.
Another item too, uh, for Steve Kane, uh, Ilya and Ross is having a picnic this Sunday at Tropical Park.
Is it accurate?
Did he get his invitation?
Yeah.
In fact, he just was opening it as you mentioned that.
There's gonna be free food here.
Yeah.
Well, Steve is gonna be attending.
He wants to kind of mend his fences.
Okay.
Tell him to look for Pavilion number one.
Okay.
See us there.
Very terminal call.
140, 20 to 2 at WRIT event, uh, what, two.
Let's have it a Johnny Dark by the way, you know, obviously, shine to-
