Grabber. I've got pipes there. Hey 75 degrees and a magic city. Hey, we're broadcasting live. Hold on a second. Let me let me stuff that over
75 degrees and a magic city hills and other great songs all over your radio dial. Come on down with it. We're gonna get down tonight
We're gonna get groovy. It's the right time. Well, what they hell about talking about? I'm only with a well, I tell you what
Here's another great song on your great radio station. Hey, it's rock and roll, baby. Yeah, 1016 and W I O D. What was I doing here? Oh, I
Want to take there's somebody on your heaths of cubs, but they'll have to wait. Coral Springs. Hello
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Hold on. All right, let me try this. Okay, let's try it now. Hi, Neil. That's better. Wow. Okay, it's a lot better. I caught
The teller and yesterday of the part of your show where you were talking about I and D's rating. Yeah, let's I got them all
Here again, let's go back in. Yeah, I heard you comparing them to the motivation station, which is pretty bad. What were the ratings?
I and Z. Yeah, pretty bad. Well, no, the thing I was talking about. If you'll listen, if you'll open yours and listen,
then midday 25 to 54 demographics, that's the age group, but W I N Z didn't make the list. And on the bottom of the
List was the motivation station with a 0.6. So that means that I and Z was under a 0.6.
That's pretty bad. The motivation station I listened to them the other night. If you I know that you like neutral system, but have they got a diet for you?
They say that they call it a balancing your food or something. If you like a lot of butter on your toast in the morning, then try a little
S salad dressing on your salad at once. Yeah, that'll do it. That's the kind of stuff that the motivation station. Yeah, that's what they got. Well, they actually did show this
Time for the first time in three months. And I and Z didn't not in midday. Okay, that's all I want to thank a lot. Okay, I'm sure that
Everybody feel a lot better knowing that W I N Z, which maybe kicking ass into Bahamas is dead. In fact, they should share the billboard with Zeta.
They should have both of them on the tombstone together. What a great idea.
I mean, when the motivation station and K T Beach, who else did I want to mention again? Probably we should go over
Love 94's numbers one more time. Those are beauties. Yeah. And there were a couple of others in here like a morning show on Zeta with a 1.5.
They're doing it now. They are doing it. We can't say what? Well, listen, we got a couple open lines on this board here.
And I realize we haven't given the numbers out yet, but that's getting pretty disgusting. One in brown, one in Palm Beach.
And the rumbling starts again next door. We're not going to have another one of those days. Are we? I should fight wise.
The comment was if this starts again, come see me. The only problem is he's never here. Well, I will tell you I went in and I blew up.
I screamed at Gary Bruce. I did. I did. I just started again. Just as I was in the middle of the head in there, just started again.
And now it now the amazing part of it is he's been working in their Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. We haven't heard of people. Everything's been great. He's been doing his work.
All of a sudden here it is Thursday and it's like he's got some kind of a mental lapse like his Alzheimer's is kicking in again.
Okay. Maybe it's hanging around with vermin in McQueen too much or something over there, but there's some. That child's got some kind of a problem.
Well, I'm afraid to go over there because I don't want to see blood shed in the building today, especially yours.
Here's a cheap mobile phone. Hello. Well, that's what Roger said. Roger said you got a cheap mobile phone. It sounds like hell. Maybe it's the carrier.
I get a New York City report for it. Just got back in my truck. They try to call you. I don't know everybody talked about how it's done and how great he is.
I mean, he really nothing. I mean, don't I am. Make Howard Stern look like he's not. Well, I agree with that. Although Howard beats him, but I agree that I'm just going to.
Yeah, but the show is much more creative. The I'm is the show is really funny. Yeah, I agree with him. As a matter of fact, I'm sorry that you can't do the same type of show.
That he's done. Why is that? Well, you get a little more warranty than you do. Well, yeah, but this is Miami and it's a very parochial backwater.
I mean, I don't know what I do. I mean, I don't know what I do. What I do is I'm sorry, you can't do it. I'm just saying you won't do it.
But I mean, I always really just there. I really cracked up. He was really funny and the thing that he has on his show is really good. Yeah.
And it's a shame that you couldn't. Well, we don't want to. We're doing whatever. I mean, there's some other stuff that we used to play that would be fun to play once in a while.
It's not a big deal. I mean, we're kicking ass. Being in hell out of everybody. That's all I count.
I don't have a problem with that. Well, I'm saying to you. No, I understand. It's funny. It's too bad. We're here. Well, I agree with that too.
If we could take the weather and I'll go to New York, then we'll be great. I'll see you at the mental land. Right.
20 after 10 at W I O D. We have an opening in Palm Beach. 655 W I O D. So anyway, Gary Reedus is on third base in the bottom of the 10th inning.
With one out the score, a scoreless ball game. There's no way that the Cubs aren't going to lose, right?
And Don Zimmer intentionally walks two men in a row. RJ Reynolds and Barry bonds to fill the bases. And here's Jose Lee.
The Maddox goes three and one on Jose Lee. One more wide one forces in the winning run, the losing run for the Cubs. Now it's three and two.
And here's a ground ball to third and Vance lost steps on the bag for the force to end the inning. Just incredible. I can't get over it.
And someone we know is turn his mic in the opposite direction, which is fine with me. It's a 21 past 10 at W I O D.
We do have it opening in date. If you move real quickly, let's get the Cubs. Hey, Ron. This will make him feel better. Hello.
All I know is that the sun's better keep with because the metzer right. All those metzer are doing it, man. What do you get three hits yesterday? That's the right. Yeah, that's all right.
We get the hits that count the hits that count. Got it. You better keep Howard Johnson healthy. I'll tell you that isn't isn't he the guy they wanted to trade all during the preseason. They were desperate to get rid of them.
That's right. You're right. They know their players, man. But that one Samuel. He's going to have at least two or three hits for them this year. You want that? Well, that was a worse trade. I have a terrible trade. Man, Dykes is a good ball player.
Great. Well, good luck to you guys. You too, guy. Okay. Bye. Bye. You don't hate the Cubs. He's all right. He was a decent guy. Roger's getting like Nick. Now he puts inflammatory comments on the calls just to, you know, stir it up a little bit.
Kind of a Steve Kane syndrome. By the way, Steve today, thank God has open phones. He originally was going to do baby selling part two. Believe it or not, which had many of the people in the building impaling themselves on any sharp object they could find.
And you know those spindles that you put your messages on, you know those that stick straight up. What do they call those spindles? Mike spindle.
And there were people grabbing those all over the building and trying to impale themselves when they saw the schedule here. But the good news is you don't have to wait till another day. No baby selling part two on the cane show today. We have open phones today.
And there are a lot of people who are going to church praying right now thanking the Lord 23 past 10 at W. I. D. We'll be right back.
1027 at W. I. D. One open line. If you want to get in on this, so going to be quite a show today have the feeling already just the ambiance of the building is starting to create a feeling in my bones.
524 W. I. D. We have an Alice Spirey port on the Palm Beach line. Hello. Hello guys. How you doing? Great. Well yesterday at two o'clock, you know, when I found out what Steve show was going to be, which Steve Steve with open phones is great. I agree with you. Yeah.
Yeah. If you were guest, get those guests off. Steve, get rid of them. Steve, you're great. But the guest suck. He gets hung up on those topics, you know, like this baby selling or whatever the whole.
I'm not upset. But it all kind of ties in together. He's in this baby thing. You know, yeah. Well, you know, so anyway, I'm punching around a little bit and all of a sudden I punch up Alice.
And which, you know, I guess I'm one of the few people. But so anyway, Alice is talking about the two Neanderthals that are laughing and making fun everybody on the other station. Really?
And then he takes a little cheap shot about the adult cinema. Really? He says, yeah, probably hanging around the adult cinema. You know what I'm saying? Like that.
So, you know, I mean, during our spare time, we all go over, we drive down to Hollywood and we hang out just outside. Don't go in anymore. Not too dangerous. Well, you know, I can't wait out in the parking lot and just check out who might be going in. You know, I got to say one thing. I've been to a lot of tall movies. And you know, I do.
There's a lot. So is Alice. Well, listen, I'm sure he has. And you know, I'm going to start telling you which kind of well listen. I already know because I happen to know what the deal is.
Thanks quite an imagination to read out that thing that got me was, you know, last week I punched him up one time and he's foaming at the mouth over Lynn Russell. How gorgeous she is and everything. Yeah, she really does it for him. Yeah. Well, I got to say Lynn Russell. I think she's hot looking too, you know, but, you know, that's. But I just.
She's a little anorexic looking because I used to work with Lynn at the cat, but she's an attractively. I think she's attractive. And then Debbie comes on and says, well, I'm jealous of you.
And you know, the straight. Oh, straight.
Demick over there. Yeah, they're trying to ride the cranks of a straight. And it was good for a two eight in this trend.
Man, Steve had a four six. Alice had a two eight. I mean, you know, no wonder he wants to talk about anything, but the number is because he doesn't have any.
Right. And one more little shot. I got to take care of the only thing he doesn't have. But that's another story. What was the W I and the 25 to 54 numbers on afternoon drive?
Oh, and after one one one one. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. When Stan was there, they did five.
There were five. Yeah. That's what I just said. Well, you know, I try to control yourself. I know you're emotionally charged now, but try to.
I am, you know, but the, the, the excuse was they couldn't sell the show. Well, they can't sell any show over there. I'm trying to think.
Not the excuses. They can't sell it because they don't have any numbers. So they've always got seven. Well, you know, what comes around goes around.
Yeah. And the amazing part of it is much of our sales department came from over there. So that should give you a real good insight. Well, tell you, you guys got your work cut out for you.
Yeah. Let me just make sure. Let me verify what I just said because I don't want to give any bogus numbers. Now, let's see. W snooze had a one five in the afternoon, 25. That's Alice.
And I know I take it back. I and he went from a one eight to a one two. So I cheated him out of a tenth of a point. What are really doing it? They're doing it. Have a great day. Thanks a lot.
So Alice is really getting pretty raunchy, huh? I heard that what preceded him yesterday was about as raunchies you can get. But of course, Alice doesn't make too much out of it. They try to like skip on by, you know. Look at that. It's old Henry Barrow in there standing up, stooping over in the control room. Yeah.
I guess he must have left some of his stash behind. I came back into get it. 10 30 at W I O D. We do have it opening in Palm Beach, which is pretty damn depressing. 655 W I O D. Those two. What was the word neanderthal?
Neanderthal on that other station who spend their time ripping everybody. G with that. So mean. He's so mean. You know what he's so mean to me. Miami. Hello.
The mean is me. Yeah. And old meanie. Right with. Right. We okay. No, I was thinking Queenie, but that's okay. Same difference. I guess. I'm a met's fan from Miami. All right, Steve. I want to congratulate you on your coves. I did a great job yesterday. Thank you. There it is. It's the 22nd of June and we're still in first place. So it would be very interesting if you guys were in there September. You know, because I hate going up against Montreal.
You're going to be four teams all the way down to the wire. All the four teams that are up there right now. Believe me. Look out for Montreal. Oh boy, they're tough. Yeah, I hope the best team win. That would be kind of neat. Yeah. And I want to tell you the truth of the Cubs would be too upsetting.
Because Harry's a pretty good guy. He needs to get a world surgery for. He leaves us exactly which could be soon away. These games are going. I'm telling you, but the one nothing that you know what I do is I watch CNN sports headline news.
I catch the scores and I get the herald and they don't have the scores. And one nothing in 11 innings. Not too bad. Yeah.
Glenn, did you play baseball when you were younger? Leave me alone. Seriously, did you play baseball when you were younger? I mean, because my opinion is that people didn't play baseball when they were younger. Don't like baseball games. No. I did play baseball. There's a big difference in my brain of playing and watching. Oh, you good?
I was wondering, maybe that's my problem is going. I don't know where it's going. He asked you where you're good. Nothing to do with any what is it? An unreasonable. No, he was pretty bad. Sir, probably he was bad. Okay. I can't understand my place. Well, you played tennis. A lot when you were young.
Yeah. So so we could add it. I don't know. Now this caller is right because you know something I never I played baseball, but I never played tennis. I never played tennis either. See, there you go. Although I could be honest with you. I love hockey and I never played hockey.
So I guess it doesn't work. This is so you're nuts, man. I know, but that's the size of the point. I think you hit a raw nerve here. Yeah, he's getting upsetting. Well, I apologize. Look, I mean, I don't meet up set you, but like when you know does go on vacation, I think the radio do drop a lot.
And well, I tell you what, when you get your show, you know, and you go on vacation, I won't listen to your fill in. I don't want to be a radio DJ though. That's not my style. Well, I thought you were an expert on analyzing the ratings. No, I'm nothing to do.
Thought you knew all about the ratings. See, I don't think they do draw person. You know, think so. Well, they ever tested a rating like that. Well, they take ratings all year. And I don't think they do take a lap.
But it isn't a true. That there's an increase in the carts that are played when we just had a call from Dennis Collins over W. S. News is very upset about our revealing their terrible numbers. And he had a comment for it.
Yeah, by the way, that cart or dyno over here, that's my brother-in-law.
Is it? Yeah, supposedly I wasn't listening to it. He the doctor. No, he's a what does he do? He's an advertising. He's an advertising. Yeah, figures.
But he's like he's bringing it to me that he's playing and playing it. I mean, it doesn't impress me, but I've decided to point. No, I don't think it's him anyway. Okay. Well, this guy was your doctor and Glenn, you know, hanging their glen. And hopefully by the end of the year, you know, when the pen are raising hang up on that guy, where you get really 1034 W. I. O. D. We have an open line in day 7519463. The days are getting longer. Not to mention.
Okay, it's 1050 at W. I. D. Not much of a show today, but don't blame us. It's the calls. Okay. Nothing I can do about it. Let's go to coconut grove. Hello. How are you doing now? Great. Can you still have the butcher front of you there?
I have all the numbers. Anything you want. I brought them in just so we could be ponderous today and repeat them over and over again. Okay. Let's hear Alice's numbers one more time. Okay.
Give me some of the numbers for W. W. E. D. R. Well, let's see. Let me just really didn't get any. No. Okay. Man 18 plus W. E. D. R. is on the. Well, it's not on the second page. It's not on the third page. It's on a fourth page. You went from a 25 to a 1 5. Wow. That's unusual. That's the lowest number they've had in a long time.
I'm person's 12 plus Monday to Sunday, 6 a.m. the midnight. This is the most. Meaningful one. I guess they're not on the second page. They're not on the third. Boy, this is incredible. They went from a 22 to a 1 5. I guess how one of five was taking a lot of their audience away. I think. Yeah, because they're like in the desperate.
for the
25 to 54 as well let's take a look okay i don't think you like it but uh... because it
doesn't sound like they're sent the world on fire
25 to 54 here's the weekend you don't care about that
well let's see how about in this day part midday
they're not on the second page
they're not on the third page
they went from a two one to a one three
in midday afternoon drive they're not on the second page
they're not on the third page
they're
not on the fourth page
oh no i must have missed a way that's got to be a mistake okay just a second
um... midday
or this afternoon drive three to seven they're not on the uh... oh here they are
from a three one to a two two
now they dropped about a point all across they had a death knell trend
really flat yeah flat now not flat kind of like off the edge
uh... i think you're pretty good show
but i think as long as it comes in your ears are in the race but you can expect
a lot of baseball talk about
really because it makes it exciting exactly it's exciting like steve stone
always says it's going to be exciting
but that bird okay
thanks a lot pal
ten fifty two at w i d i guess he told you we have an open line in day seven five
one nine four six three
and in a week i'll be going on vacation and you won't hear any more about
baseball you won't hear anything except what he wants to talk about that'll be
great that'll be
terrific
and uh... there be a lot of pb k-chose
we have an opening in brown or five to four w i d jone uh... levittal probably
beyond is that a name levitt
uh...
or love it
and maybe sali fits will come over and the brink summer for a paraphernalia
let's go to hollywood hello
yeah i just want to find you what what is your problem with me i what did i do
what did i say to you what did i do to you i i never walked around who is this
off-friend of mr. baseball
well this is a bit of a mr. baseball this is the big guy who stands here for four
hours and the leans over the table and keeps repeating the same things and brings
that gooney guy over and like nobody else was doing it
what i mean i really know nobody i know i don't want to don't be like a child okay
nobody else was doing that's not the point
you know about the words
that's mr. s is that that's your buddy i never said anything about you
about you first of all i'm not the one that's got the big problem with your steves
the one that's got the big problem with you i have a problem with mr.
rest and the guy with the dog okay but you threw me and i mean like i threw you in
because steve doesn't want you there okay and since we all have to be there
together and i've gotten my couple of people i don't want there and he's
certainly entitled to eliminate anybody who gets on his nerves okay
that bone doesn't like you that bone headed mutant they called in your
saying said mr. s mr. baseball is going to come and make trouble with
both of us that's that's not true well first of all
see how childish this is like a couple little kids in a sandbox like you're
being his spokesman or something okay
just his presence just his being there creates trouble as far as i'm concerned
because the guy's a moron okay and if he's your friend it probably says something
what he has a moron he doesn't have anything he doesn't have anything in
first of all he hangs around the whole time he looks like somebody poured about
forty five hundred pounds of lard into into a tube
and he just stands there in perspires and runs around yelling
and catches clear and well that's his opinion he's entitled to it but i don't
most of us care okay in fact that catches on lary king did i let him call in
that show tonight okay i want to mention one other thing okay i like i said i admit
i stood around i mean don't you have something else you can do on a
Saturday absolutely i mean on a beautiful set i go out to the track i go out
to do something okay on a Saturday besides going out to see us
we've already seen us four hundred times okay
for cars i mean they are giving their food out of no you're not looking for cars
don't give me that you're not looking for my friends wait it's not like i was the only one
i mean you had Lloyd but you've been there four hundred times i never saw Lloyd before okay don't you
can't you take no for an answer sir can't you just give it a rest this time i'm not going to be by
the table what you're not going to be by the table we don't want you there period don't you
understand we don't want you there how you just to make make these rules what do you mean who are we
if there are people who come by and annoy the hell out of us we're it's our it's our deal okay
i'm coming peacefully i'm not coming peacefully you're not coming at all and if you show up
security guard will escort you out now why do you throw me in the same boat
don't you understand we don't want you there we hate you like poison sir we hate you like poison
you make us not just we can't stand you this is a day i think he's gonna be there whether we want
him or not okay here's one of those people you cannot insult wow this is unbelievable who are we
to decide we're the ones who are putting the thing on okay and if there's anybody we don't want
to you don't have some constitutional right to come to our remote okay you've heard that before
yeah it's like the people who say they got a constitution right to call a talk show well that's
already been discarded very rapidly okay go do something useful like burn the flag or something okay
that's protected now you got a right to do that 1056 at wiod and we have an open line in brown
word five two four nine four six three five two four wiod lunch isn't here yet Jared Jared's
getting real nervous okay he's getting just antsy is out about 1130 okay 1130 but we do have some
jello here someone cake it's jello it's moldy watch it wiggle how about the jello
yeah put it away Jared okay that's it's just jello but it is good it's delicious it's great
it'll kind of like cleanse your palate before the Italian food gets here that'll do it for you
yeah okay 1057 at wiod there's turning right in the newsroom I can tell that because they haven't
been fed in a few days I know wow that's the brakes mobile hello hey now yeah so black guy was a
trip huh he's great isn't he we're gonna put him in a cage everybody come out and see him and
film peanuts did you ever hear anything like that we don't want the guy there and he insists
he's gonna come out he's been at every stinkin remote that I've done probably at everyone
that Steve is done and we just say hey stay away at least one time and give us a rest and he won't
do it I couldn't believe it is no life at all none you couldn't do zero you couldn't even insult them
yeah well there was no sense there's no feeling okay all right take it there this is the
end friend Tony yeah Tony yeah yeah Deans friend that he never heard of huh no no get a little
chronically Lee Tony well you know I just got chronic alert chronic alert
this new mobile phone and I just want to let you know
listen I'll stop by and see you stay a little for five minutes and I'll take off and
throw you a Hollywood two minutes just just two yeah all right that's cool Rich is bringing
his stopwatch well that's just don't bring that buzzer see it Tony take it easy yeah I can't
get over this hour yeah it's been well see what I said this a couple of times back I said this
a couple of times back when we do these remotes wherever it is the object is to get a good crowd
sell cars sell boats whatever it is you know that we happen to be doing and that always it's always
the case okay but the bottom line is I said it before and I'll say it again it's not that I don't
appreciate people who like the show but I I'm not particularly fond of obsessive groupies okay
so if you've come out there eight thousand times before you can only get so many autographs before
your collection starts falling out of the shelf okay I mean enough is enough let's get some
different people to come by okay some new and different people to eat the free food and get the
pictures and the bumper stickers and do whatever you know let's get a whole flock of new folks
and let some of the chronics who've been by eight million times snoring already stay home for once
okay wouldn't that be a good idea wouldn't that be nice be a nice novelty okay
gale bright is standing by with the eleven o'clock w i o d news we'll come back with what hopefully
it would be a much much better hour eleven o'clock five I know it's going to be better because
Marcelo's is coming with a little bit of lunch and then Steve has open phones today we got two
hours of sports talk and Yankee baseball no no games tonight oh boy you know what that means
catch and talk call seven five one w i o d and a five two four w i o d and broder or six five five
and two seven eight w i o d in the Palm Beach's other areas make all collect the opinions expressed by
the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station now here's Neil Rogers on
new stock radio six ten w i o d
well I sure like the way that was blended together that was that was our great they are classic
they're excellent kind of like the kind or dean id if you heard the jingles at w snows
let's see how did they go yeah I wonder sound like they were recording the bass
per tenor yeah type no worse worse than pepper remember the jingles that used to come on a disc
that's what these sound like what do they say um
w and w s here's the news stuff like that oh no i can't believe they're playing them i just cannot
believe and that particular package i heard it on another station in some other market like an
Orlando or somewhere it's not bad but this one was done like a rush job like they figured oh it's
that station nobody listens to it anyway so they did it in about 20 seconds you know speaking of
jingles here's one of america's great jingle experts we've got a two eight w n w s it is shocking isn't it
a little bit too clear i should probably put a pillow over my you know face before do that all you
need to know that's the name of the package by odys Connor who the hell's odys Connor some guys got
some stuff in the basement a tape recorder and two microphones and a ten can you need an extra
bodyguard on saturday oh you come and buy to eat some food huh dry come by hey listen if you
come by that'll really do it all your fans will be there i heard you were going to be feeding
unemployed disjockeys absolutely in fact boom boom may stop by who knows will be there probably
that guy mic that nobody ever heard of from Palm Beach will be there yeah it'll be great well it
sounds like you need a big bodyguard so any i'll send Donna by yeah yeah said you enjoyed the first
hour john i love that last call is great i made up for the hour kind of that was the first thing i
heard when i flipped on the radio oh you missed all the sports talk what a lucky guy well you know
it was non-stop man you would love to when was this yeah well this no i'm not paying any attention
on him or something when was this are you kidding the food is here already this is incredible
fantastic okay hold on one second we can uh boy i wish you were here john
uh and i bet you will too because Marcelo's is here with the food now we really appreciate this more
than we can ever i don't think you can get here in time knowing the newsroom thank you very much thank you
no we know we can see the sheet on top there now don't anybody start rushing in here yet until we
give the sign okay we should have some little uh sound effect that we play that'll be the signal post
that i coach the coach is clear let's just pizza i think it's just good no no there's all there
that's it there what's in there garlic garlic rolls and pizza well that's great that's great with
me and we didn't want a whole uh anyway marcellas is it 138 89 westixi highway in north
aid everybody should know that because the marcellas been there forever right yeah
it says come back to marcellas i wonder what that means it says given a four-star rating by the
halondale digest which of course is my favorite paper and now marcellas is great because when i
used to live at the twin lakes racquet club up there in north aid i used to go there all the time now
what have we got here rich for two kinds of pizza two kinds of pizza can i see is that pepper
sausage and pepperoni and the other one looks like spicy spicy it's got black olives and peppers and
well i like have one of each and that'll be it i don't have with this is great we don't have to go
overboard we had a little jello mold we got some pizza oh there's more isn't this incredible what's
in that is that like big zedian stuff and spaghetti oh boy now i'm getting really excited and what's
any other one something oh you're still there i forgot all about you please i don't want to make
you feel uh isn't it the same guy who said he wasn't gonna eat for two weeks will you shut up
here here a good one to talk mr. mr. one shirt is there more oh thank you very much thank you
are you sure that's it she keeps going on bringing more back now would you sit down in the chair
and stop making a fool of yourself where she's in there ripping the bag and tearing and shredding
carrying on like a child wait a minute hold on a second you're not still there are you
damn still here okay hold on oh my god the guy in filanofu's there that's costing us an
arm and leg we don't care let me make sure i have you agenda right the door plate he's gonna be
there yeah and the joe with two ends and joe with the pit joe okay and uh bambi said he might come
with her underwear the big fat wacko who says uh and uh it catches queer i know if he's coming
and the guy with the dog the guy with the dog is not gonna be there he's the one that really i don't
really care about the other ones but the guy with the dog i can't take in fact the guy that i was
just screaming at i don't really mind him that much it's Steve that has gets oh look at that
chicken fronchaze with mushrooms oh man let's get some utensils here and cut the crap now what
what about tp from temper pine he might the show up but i don't think so it's Saturday's probably got a
date the violating who really the violating that would be who the hell is that i'm not saying
i don't know who that is good it sounds like it's gonna be a good show on Saturday so you gotta be
there huh oh you're making the food on us right i'm gonna bring a box of forty five great
oh yeah and we can play him on our old evict rola yeah i'm my campaign a little forty five
are the answer to the book bring thank you rich rich has brought me a fork oh this is great
Johnny thire it's gonna be there this is a believe we have all these celebrities gonna be there we
don't need some of you chronic regulars who come by now Deborah Debbie she can always come by
because she brings me all these great pictures and stuff she's a nice person i mean if you're a
nice person and you come all the time that's okay too but if you're an asshole we don't want you
coming by yeah donna said she was gonna come like i said didn't i just cover that in my last
statement that's what remind me it's funny you should mention that if that's your of our conversation
yeah i clicked it let me try this hmm what do you got what is this it looks like stuff chills delicious
and i got them chicken french and what's it all these other ones
news people better get in here now andy Ross oh they'll be in here in a heart Dorothy don't worry
they'll be there's some spaghetti what listen why don't we do it right why can we got some plates do
we have plates let's all have a little bit of everything because that i don't i'm good nuts now
see this is bad isn't it john oh hello
nailed hello the show today about the way then this incredible the worst the worst i'm so
embarrassed by the show it's right a mess kneeled at the group James douche bag or whatever
the hell it is James addiction yeah what about it could you look on that album and see if the guy
with the name of Ken cold produced it no later when i feel like oh my god are you kidding is that
somebody you know yeah someone used to work with it oh my god bad nothing obscure enough that he
could have produced yeah it is his kind of music now that you mentioned it okay we got plates so
you guys can there's spaghetti there's chicken marsala here there's uh sp uh um pizzas two big
pizzas there's garlic rolls here enough for the chinese army for the Italian army let's
some oh i'm real glad you called today john we really needed you today oh yeah balance is show
out to my fork again oh here it is i really appreciate chicken marsala what there is which is great
well listen we got to go we got to do a little business here it would be nice to be able to chant
with you all day if i had the idle time you got but see you Saturday bye
johnny dark is going to be there ladies and gentlemen and shiren's going to be there too by the way
right you already said you were i heard that on the steveshow the other day oh he said well and you
better show up because he's uh the big macho boss here comes a gale not so bright and and he's in here
it's like old times now get a plate and just kind of uh look on there and the ross came back for
a second time and of course Jared is elbowing everybody out of the way well i told him as kosher too
oh thank you oh just mungol over my log can we discuss charlotte now for just a moment while
everybody's getting their plates filled up 11 17 to w idea you guys did you get anything you guys boy
cutting this well it's up to you i'm not gonna beg i mean it's here there's lots of it there's
like almost a whole pie over there is there still something that one oh yeah and there's a little
spaghetti what what is in this one over here closest to me by the what is it oh man it's like
spaghetti with cheese we thank marcellas this is tremendous okay and they're really not the near
any one of our sponsors so you know what can it hurt right right they're in my old area up there
west xe highway in north Miami and we thank them very very much there i you know it says come back
to marcellas but i think everybody knows marcellas don't think it's like legendary up there right
been there for ages just down the street from taco bell
are we on here again oh boy are you still there sir yeah but i'm gonna get going to make him
be hungry okay yeah bet well it's not $87 a figure i go have one shirt to airport that'll do it
that'll just cover it as you got it okay i'll give you call from Pittsburgh after the game tomorrow
enjoy it i will bye 11 18 at w i would do let's go to margit hello hello this is the data spy report
yes man i was driving the work last night and Chris why not around my can't yeah yeah Chris get out of it
in the work last night and data played written on the subway wall wow yeah oh my favorite station
yeah i heard it last night are you cereal i'm scared are you sure was there was a cheat it was
no it was data because my husband said he had it on data when i left for work
a 94.9 right my favorite station zeta four uh-huh okay thanks a lot thank you bye now is that
incredible now does that she is playing it zeta is playing it who does that conspicuously leave out as
i point my finger to the wall to my left that spike wise maybe if he put a little time in the
building and spend some time on that music instead of goofing off playing golf all the time
maybe they play some music okay that really frosts my ass a little bit okay isn't that great
go to their turning the corner over there can't even get you to say anything good about them well
i don't think it's gonna make any difference okay because they're writing the crest of that
obscure gimmick over there and that's what they've been doing so Alice is writing the crest
of the straight gimmick now is that it with his two eight all the way to the bottom one thing
I like about him is his intellectual honesty okay i must say that don't you 20 minutes past 11
at w-i-d we have an open line in palm beach 6559463 6555 w-i-o-d north my whoops wrong one north my amy
hey how you doing cup fan in the bud man here try to control yourself yeah you know
you know you hear the letters rumor what's that uh i hear the Yankees after uh watch him mad at
him what a damn last night i'm looking to trade for him so they can use it as a dh yeah probably couldn't
hurt yeah the way he's sitting he's sitting three oh one by the way yeah i know which is about 80
points more than Sean Dunston yeah you bet he can't play short time
you probably could is that better athlete than Sean Dunston what is uh damn be going to be there
this we're hoping where bambi is going to pull out all the stops or something
they're all the other one i might even have to make an appearance there at this famous well we
might stay home in that case uh why not got a question for you big guy when uh nio goes
on vacation next week uh i figured you might want to bring me in so i can handle all the sports
calls for you yeah you know when i listen to this
not bad now he's bringing in jose a gaki who wants a little excitement on a show
all right yeah yeah okay okay see you okay i got it okay he wants to be able to cover the sports
but at the same time have a level of excitement and enthusiasm seldom seen in the history of run
fasting so he's bringing in joe who's doing sports for tonight anyway sunny and joe sunny and
sure and the guy log yesterday joe is not uptight or upset about anything that i say he's uptight
with steve because he hates steve with a passion but then the whole sports department does so
that's nothing though it's just uh something they got going long before we came here by the way so
don't blame that one on us yeah and what did hanks say about valley parking i didn't hear that
about how he has no problem and he never pays for it figures you know those sports people
the worst three-loaders snores in a history mankind never really know how do you like the barks
style and root beer by the way that grade having his eighth can right now as a matter of fact it is
excellent now by the way the regular which i bought by mistake the other day isn't so hot it's not
really good i couldn't believe it i thought well what the hell is this and i look at the label and i
bought two bottles of regular with sugar in it which may be why i sound a little bit hyper this morning
anyway i haven't been drinking i've been drinking my mountain valley waters and okay
do i have permission to do that coyote of hollywood is the place this Saturday it's day after tomorrow
noon tilts so good luck to you okay that does sound like his kind of mean however uh that guy he was
talking about might have been responsible in part for this
oh
you still come with you coyote
this whole mixture south
car
see we got a skydded little extra effect on that
because you know who was responsible for it well i'm like out but i am yeah
it was rejected they never um two weeks it was on here and they said get get serious wouldn't
i hear rid of it i like that kind of timber to it don't you
well you know it's no lacquer twist but it did fit in on the uh bill McQueen show though
no that's true 1127 and w1ity we apologize for a real crappy show today but um i can make head
i don't like it i just want to make head to do only highlight of the show is when that guy
called in i was arguing with him that was fun that was it that was the only good thing maybe he'll
call back i have to take two calls a day but in his case i'll make an exception please sandy
because otherwise it's just gonna we're gonna throw it out and i apologize by the way for what i
say they think is a Laura was the troublemaker who gave us that story that you want a puncher in
a mouth one time okay screen her out you wouldn't i'll get somebody else to punch her in a mouth
okay it's uh 28 nut Scott would get upset because scots on thin ice she and ross are getting
pretty tight these days Miami hello hey Neil how you doing great hey bird how are you oh just
wonderful these surly sir hostile who's your board op Neil our board op is nick as a nickhead no
nickheads sir yeah one and a half hole anyway why what did he do i'm calling you for more land
i'm driving down on the tire pike and he goes oh what an idiot calling Neil for a mobile in Orlando
i said that to you yeah what kind of douchebag is well he don't like this show anyway that he's
just you know he's just here putting in his power yeah he should go to work for w d and a
or something that fits him right he does he works there at night yeah yeah it sounds like he does
he does mic show he plays the jingles anyways i'm next to the x-employee of Gilmore enterprises
really and uh yeah bird you uh i've seen you uh i've never spoken to you i used to be a transmitter
engineer over there gloves really and uh yeah i'm just driving back i've been up here to uh the
mgm studios and that i understand the trends came on i like to know what did they do oh boy i'm so
glad this guy called to give us another opportunity to tell you they took up big dump are you
serious shocking you don't mean gloveless 94 do you oh yes i do this is when Greg and what's the
the other jerk noodle no noodles is history are you do like in the kitchen or something i don't
know where he is when they make him a pd or something probably they made him a a console and he
does focus groups they should have made him the janitor well let's find uh 25 well here's many
teen plus let me find the mornings okay that's what y'all the afternoons took a real big dump
and that's what somebody here was real excited about why i don't know what he did and what did
they do on mornings all right i'm looking i'm looking i'm looking okay this is of course waiting
for me stuff is like lumped and these are so out of order his weekends here's midday which i kind of
like um what is it midday huh it day oh i mean i like ours in midday we had a uh i just kicked
that we did we kicked that but good uh let's see six to 10 a.m. on it you friday persons uh 12 plus
gloves 94 in the morning went from they're not on the uh here they are from a three to a two seven
haha just a minute now yes in the it gets better it gets better it gets better where's all my
morning stuff in it 25 to 54 in the morning this 6 to 10 a.m. gloves 94 went from a four five to a
three seven oh my god the lowest number in the history of the modern history of the station
uh morning's 18 to 34 this is another good one let's see here they went from a five five to a
four four so they lost like 20 percent of the audience oh my god yeah oh this guy's just
basing out isn't he i understand oh that is great yeah you know they're in the toads in the
afternoon also i think i got a 280 well here afternoon 25 to 54 gloves 94 went from a four four
to a three nine and in eight wait a minute there's a better one just to throw yourself an 18 to
30 40 after no i think they went from a five to a three seven wasn't that it something like that
with three seven huge drop yeah five to a three seven well here it is let me make sure here
well and I have to oh and look at his midday six two to a four seven 18 to 34 right and here's
the afternoon 18 to 34 ladies and gentlemen i really hate to give these out again because they're so
bad oh Zena beat him look at that in the afternoon 18 to 34 they were right behind them gloves went
from a five o'clock with three seven and afternoon 18 to 34 so they're like a drop in like a big
boulder oh my like dropping a dime off the Empire State Building god how did uh what's your name
Alice do not even not even worth mentioning a two eight did Steve beat him come on sir let's ask a
serious question great that's why Alice never do you'll never hear them discuss the numbers over
there and sandy went from a three five to a two eight oh sandy yeah and in uh 25 to 54 she had a
one one we had an eight two she had a one one man no one oh i'm sorry one oh
sir you're eating this up aren't you i love it man i'm reveling in oh man i can't i wish i could
see Jim go we'll find them over there at that pornographic movie theater right Alice we're probably
be sitting right next to us okay you idiot oh my god list disgusting douchebag mindless and now
he's becoming a little right winger okay his origins are finally i guess he figures that might be
the last hope of getting any audience you know you know i came across up here get ready for this
happy west oh remember her new oh how could i forget i think one time you had on your show when you
were on i and z yeah we should have to bring that up again don't you well how can i tell you
okay well i'm glad we made your day it sounds like you were in a very very good way
i'm not a black dick i don't know whether screen reach 50 bananas okay well listen
deal thanks i heard this i hear this sound how great life okay you too what a great call finally
okay turned it around 1133 at wiod
i like a lot of pressure here today but the excitement you know the most exciting call of the whole day
was that zeta spy report right shocking like i said my favorite radio station in america
is zeta 4.94.9 on your fm dial and the wanderer is back
and the riches jellum old went over big in this building there's still a little piece of it left
there for our dessert but it but we went over big and even juret and ross were in here like
fighting each other over it was incredible anyway move it along let's go oh here's somebody who
hates something let's get him right on i guess hello hey well let's take your ratings and
shovel up your ass this way you know where they are okay it's not very came no that was
the husband of the woman who called yesterday oh the struggling lady the struggling lady yeah
what we haven't heard from her in a long time that was great to hear from her and for those of
you who missed the show yesterday we did have an off the air call from the struggling lady
time later time to stick them up as this and they'll always have them
well put don't you know yeah kind of like for safekeeping 1141 let's take a call from Miami hello
yes i think i've made an hour spy report if you want to hear it yes okay hold on a second
on our for those you know no we can't do that we can't play a show on the air
but if you see if he would a paraphrase that it would have been fine
well we can't re-broadcast his show on the air sir don't you understand these things
i guess not he's not he doesn't understand it we have an open line in the day 751946 to read 751
w.o. did he pember pine hello hey Neil yeah what's up not much who's this Joey no who is it
mark and from the time oh mark how you're doing mark good who are you doing huh right say i hope
you're having a great today i am right here you keep talking about the um the clubs and how
Montreal is gonna be the biggest threat to um to the clubs Montreal's tough boy well the massive
one seven out of the last ten and Montreal was lost four out of the last five and yeah but i
wait let me let mark can i say something to you in all fairness okay the seasons 162 games okay you
can't just pick a little segment when somebody else is doing crappy and when you want a few games
and say hey look at you know how much better we are after the all start break and you notice how
strawberry is out for a week now too no they're winning just a minute that's right they're
winning just remember it's not important whether you win or lose but how you play the game right
if you want to get it that way yeah that's not true but it sounds good it sounds like a real
idealistic kind of attitude right well i wish you're good luck mark okay you'll need it okay see you
what are you guys doing here now well we have to do something why don't you just sit there and digest
your delicious free lunch that you just sucked up like it was your last meal okay instead of putting
on this surley routine for the audience the self-righteous surley crappy routine i didn't say anything
it's 1143 at wio d let's go to Miami hello hello yeah how you doing
now you came out of school yeah you know i was just a teacher so i like it you know i decided to call
great what's your name Roy Roy yeah is it Roy Rogers you mean no Roy Dees Roy Dees
Roy Dees oh Guinness you must be in the book of records how Roy
so what's your favorite team Roy what is it you're not in sports we want to talk to the bird
what's going on there Roy sounds like Roy's about to get mugged are you okay Roy okay talk to
the bird he hates sports too can you believe Roy that we're not into sports and we're still breathing
we're still alive and functioning and society can you get over that yeah is that weird now Roy how
long have you been suffering from this defect how you don't pal what's what's happening dude
why didn't interesting well listen Roy sounds like you're hanging out with a bunch of good guys
oh hope you have a good haul today okay see you Roy okay if you're in business out there
Roy and his buddies are becoming buying about a half hour what a seeing while he's not at see sports is
good because it gets kids off the streets it gives them something to do with their idle hands okay
you're following me as opposed to being up there they could play sports see i'm there you go
off for that that's real different that gives them something to do there you go good little league
that's see that's actually doing or rob the brings truck something like that Miami hello oh yeah
they do it great Neil yes sir bird he's not he's just foul today sir why could I speak sports
oh how you doing sir what's going on today all right this is Neil yeah I'm going to ride
sister all right will you run the alien Rochester no no I was on here but
tabia though I said I was on I said I was on here but tabia yeah I apologize okay
so what do you know what you're done in bombs and Rochester oh man don't have
bombs is the best pal do I think it over there you've got to get over there where's it at
it's on Monroe Avenue Monroe Avenue it's in Brighton Brighton right by a wintin road
Monroe Avenue right by the schooler what school Brighton high school the white note well I mean
if it's in Brighton it would probably be Brighton high school now I tell you what right next
to a run Detroit high but where why are you going to Rochester oh my wife's family
car cousins winning oh yeah well that's great you're liking it up there in the summer I hope you
get there during the four or five days when it's warm I was yeah really I'm back there
man so bro he went it's ago oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah what else about Rochester he could tell me
whatever hotspots man hit the hotspots yeah oh I would go over to what was the name of that place
the guy told me on Monroe Avenue across from the porno theater that Alice was in that day
just a little joke out you know speaking Alice my office right across this street from WNWF
really I mean directly across this street yeah I keep looking for it but I never see him come into
the building really I see Debbie well he probably changes his outfit on the way from the car
into the but anyway what's the name of that place remember the old fart called in that day
any through a little shot but he told me uh gets this gets this is that that's a dive boy I was
there on a Sunday morning at 10 when no place else was open you can get white hots in there like
24 hours a day white hot is nothing cool no about that oh have you had him yes Adam and Rochester
are they as great as I say they are they're even better now I've been now when I go in August I'll
bring some back I'm gonna try to get a hold of that guy from char hot and get them to make white
hots down here it's only good have to do is make them on the grill you never see them oh man they
would have white hots at char hot they would double their business I know they're excellent yeah but nobody
knows about them well I'm gonna try we got to educate these people down here you know they're a little
slow okay Neil have a good time give us a call from up there I will the bird loves those calls from
upstate you call on either date a brown line or call on that Palm Beach line 655 uh huh WRD yeah okay or
WNWS have a good time take in you thanks one for one forty eight boys do we want to share this name but
sure yeah what are you talking about well I think his initials are PC but I don't want to make any
you know bring out any names I thought maybe you would you have some inside information let us know
what's going on down there see well you know I don't I don't know they'll cost in show
PC I don't know what BC maybe the whole I think it's PC PC but I figured you know you know why don't
you tell us who you're talking about the only PC we know is Phil Koston well maybe it's him then is he
with no I don't think so I don't think we're gonna be on anybody show okay he's too busy smiling and
running around a hallway well I was just I didn't know what he's gonna be on your show I was what
are you sure what are you talking about well I just had to I just a feeble attempted humor no
well what is it and I just wanted to know what was happening there the very nothing happening here sir
we're doing just fine we're kicking everybody's ass why would we be making a big move
well I thought maybe I didn't know I was the big movement is at the other station right now
oh I just tried to find out there see if you do let me know what was happening in fact we take
there the big movement is happening right over there on four four you want to have a great
life sir I have no idea what you're talking about now there's a clas is that a textbook case of a
caller trying to be cute funny and just being an ass okay it just went over like a pregnant
polevarter on a hot July day in Rochester didn't it yeah we're gonna change to this show it's
the number one show in the city yeah we're gonna make big change I April how you doing two bad you
missed a great lunch is it a little clammy in here why don't you if you can get up now after that
little repass just take a look at that and see where it is because Mitch has been coming in here
cranking it down to 58 during the week we've been getting a little even I got a little frostbite
yesterday what was it on oh 72 it sounded like 70 it's just just right isn't it yeah that's nice
okay that was that was on a mobile too you know Nick's got a point yeah he's got a point
Palm Beach hello hello Neil yeah how you doing okay not a cup of sand oral but man yeah I'm from
Chicago and I've got a little tune for you I think you'd like to hear Chicago's back
oh I know grand I'm the same way as grand I believe I'm not a sports band in here now how long
is this gonna be so I'm sure you're going to like it okay here we go if it sounds bad you can
only just stop it yeah I think I think in the middle of it is your cub an ounce or but he's already okay
what can we get to here we go here we go yeah
go go go go when when when we're back in go go go go go get that hell and
see so forget Chicago go leave you care for you and you bet Chicago go we are my old
you know
we see was real short
now you think you can get all the sand before the news and we may have to bring up close
glad I'm sure
oh that's uh the manager that's where that can't
carry show well that's from the Steven Geary show okay we can't play that sir
1155 at W.I.O.D now that we've played four minutes of it we have an open line in date 751 9463
I like the quality though when you play play stuff on the phone
yeah it really sounds good on here um coke on a creek hello hi Neil how are you great
I got a little question for you I hear you're going to Chicago uh did you get your plane ticket yet
no I have one for sale leaving the 29th coming back to six I give you a good deal on it one way
sir I uh I don't fly I walk you walk yeah well bird how'd you like to go to a cub game man
yeah I'm sure he'd be the first taker I'm sure he'd pay a hefty price yeah well a lot of
people have their problems and birds one of them what what's your problem well I don't
understand the whole the show happens to be a great show today every day it's a great show
Neil talks a little baseball everybody's happy little wow he just you know he just thinks we're
here to talk about the things that he's interested in and Phoebe's only got two of him and you can
only talk about him so long yeah that's not true he's only got two and they're not that great anyway
okay yeah talk about her so much not that bad either no I didn't say she's bad all right but uh
I mean it's just unbelievable isn't it how much I go on about her bear what would you like to talk
about besides anything except the cubs what you like what's the how about those red socks huh they
got anything except for let me correct that you know wait Boggs got something you know there's a lot
of things going on oh look at this here's the thing it says she is not playing Dion well how come
we got the rumor that they were playing it boy these rumors further out about I have doubts about
they're not playing Dion well what about Zeta are they playing it well we certainly aren't going
to get any calls over there and I have a package up front well Rachel go right up there and get it
right now as we speak so we can get it back we got two minutes package plans okay what were you
saying sir about how the birds had idiot well that's the size of the point uh the thing I want
another thing uh love 94 yeah the show was good until they got rid of the get rid agony
why these guys yeah now does this guy does this guy sort of stand on the phone
taste of incredible I don't need to say in my company we're out from 4th or 3 in the morning all
day long and that was our schedule love 94 now you could go right to the right to you guys
yeah now in the morning we're kind of lost because we're in here it really doesn't do it for us
while he's doing it for everybody else he's got humongous numbers so he must be doing something
for somebody because he's getting the carryover carryover from what from Larry King now everybody
turned leaves it on so that you know right to you yeah right from from Bush Springbang and Tom
Snyder and Larry King in the baseball game boy okay nice tricer but you're just you're you're
looking too hard for the old this is noodle reminding you that it's always a good time for the
great taste wasn't that a record you're looking too hard by the seeds yeah this is my favorite
because I love the lyrics yeah James addiction oh I stepped on it too I don't think I'm there I
didn't care though
and I'm not over leader I'm thinking of my power right from the music oh
beat is going by it yeah okay well listen that's just about gonna bring us to the end of this hour
it's been a really bizarre show today to say the best but lunch was excellent from our cellos
and the jello mold at February which is still got a little bit that's good it'll come in good
in the noon hour for dessert and James addiction the album is selling very well according to Nick but
of course we always know that he's reliable and we're gonna open his package at the richest
brought in here during the break so if we don't see again I have a news break you'll know something
special was in here who's got the news now is it April Wartham's got the new and WIOD news that
should get some of you guys to stand up and salute the radio and have a comeback in 12.05
Steve with open phones to get the jurbo loud we have an open line in pond beach 655 WIOD kind
of like using a coat hanger you know corral springs hello hey Neil yeah how you doing great I have
a little hour fire report before I get to I want to do a little pinkal I've called you many times
and I listen to your show I've been listening to you for a long time I think your show is great
yeah and uh just don't go anywhere because if you do it'll be the last thing that we have in this town
and uh the fire report is I was listening to Alice the other day and he's talking to some old
grouchy lady she's got 175 180 you don't say I don't say and she gets on like she choked on a phone
and just died mm-hmm I let's most of their audience over there well that's true and he says well I think
her animal bag just fell out yeah and then after she hung up and it was gone she says these
calls they are coming from the anal of broadcast history oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh that is
embarrassing well you know he's so confused anyway he doesn't know what he's saying he'll he
is he's such a whip I can't yeah he's just like under you know that record by the stones under my
thumb yeah he's under my Thompson's thumb now I they I don't know what his story is he's
he's slowly transforming into a little subservient right wing douchebag and I guess you know he's
writing the crest of that um bizarre gimmick I don't know what it is well it's good for about a
two-way I'll tell you that with the most ancient demographics in the history of the market so good
luck to them over there they'll need it was that my slice oh oh oh oh no I'm just saying no it's
not pizza it's jello it's diet jello and Glenn's gonna have a little and then we were gonna say
one for Sharon but if Todd or Ross comes back and they can have one well I'm gonna go eat my sandwich
okay I'm glad we got your hungry sir that's the idea can I call my brother jay douchebag no question
about it yeah nine minutes past noon at wio db sure come out to toyota Saturday because we're gonna
have the guy with the eyes that Steve hates and mr. rest and the guy with the dog and I'm staying
home myself mm-hmm boy this is jello excellent you should go into business making jello molds
selling them on a street corner out of a um subred hot dog cart
wouldn't that be great about that yeah don't be yellow eat riches jello
boy this is delicious it's kind of like triple becker
raspberry pineapple and blueberry I'll never forget the day at zeta when he came in with that big
wooden bowl and he gave us each a little tiny slice and then he ate the entire ring of jello
this enormous ring all by himself real quietly back there just slurping it up
bokeh hello yes oh am I there here we catch you by surprise sir
yeah that's your seems like it you keep talking these people saying get a life after waiting so long
I can see why they don't have one that's the point I keep hearing these references to Kalamazoo on
your station there mm-hmm what station you're in Kalamazoo used to be it was WTPS when I was there
on portage yeah yeah I grew up in Kalamazoo you remember WTPS oh yeah I've been the station
on the corner of whatever westridge road and portage avenue yes what was your name there
what was my name there yes the same as it is here oh is it where you need a Roger there
okay it's like nobody changes also you had mentioned something about Gilmore Broadcasting this
morning yeah headquartered in Kalamazoo that's correct yeah you bet well how about that they
don't love 94 yes well which took a big dump in the trend by the way they didn't do so well
and you remember Lerio Sterman he used to be in Kalamazoo and WKZO yeah do in Tiger Baseball now
on past sports network yeah yeah I moved directly from Cleveland down here you guys keep
referring to a consultant from Illyria consultant from Illyria radio consultant from Illyria how we do
I never heard of Illyria well I mean I heard the name but I never remember here I must
been mistaken it yeah now that's probably Greg Budell okay well how I just wanted to give you a
buzz good you don't hear too many people from Kalamazoo that's where damn sure it's a great town by
the way it is I thought it was great I lived there most my life yeah excellent restaurants nice people
couple of colleges great town close to the water yeah yeah okay see you thanks watch you bet bye
so 11 afternoon at WID we had the Rochester call we had a Kalamazoo call we'll be getting a
Lakeland call before too long you mark my words down that'll last a real long time we have an
open line in Boka and Del Rey and it's flashing even as I speak how do you like that so we may be
picking things up a little in the big noon to two hours hope so because it seems like only 10 12
hours ago we sat down here this morning okay and just start having a great time I'm ready for a nap now
anyway the word is there won't be any more food tomorrow or the next week on this show okay for
lunch but we appreciate Marcelo's was tremendous today was excellent but we got a really
you're on a straight narrow pack every time you say that and Alice would say you know what they
say in the newsroom every time you say that what well we've heard that before well we'll show
you guys in his James 12 minutes past noon let's talk about the salvo 12 16 and WI would you know
somebody's very upset because we did have a few cub calls that's a month in New York that's the word
in Kalamazoo call so he wants me to take one of these idiotic CDs and kind of go up and down to
cuts like we used to and kill some time as opposed to talking to our wonderful friends and listing
audience what do you think about that in Palm Beach I think that's pretty pond yeah I just want
to know I just went to wings plus great oh man those wings are great aren't they did you dip
them into blue cheese yeah I did I did my thing in the cheese oh it was just as you say X on
yeah in fact when you dip your thing in the blue cheese you never want to take it out again well some
of us down I'm getting pretty chronic I called it three times in three days and I'll see you
at Toyota Pollywood okay we'll be looking for you good I'm glad bring some underwear see you later
you want to talk to chronic sure get all these 40 pinheads out there if we have all these ladies
bringing their old soiled underwear but we'll probably have about 40,000 guys lined up I can
understand whether desperate in this town or everybody's desperate whole town is like just
dried up man you go out there and today is really desperate isn't it pretty quiet dark bleak oh yeah
it's real raining butrid see it's never supposed to be like this because it's bad enough for the
weather is good it's almost tolerable not quite but almost but when a weather is bad you think
what am I do I could be an eerie pencil vania that would you think and putting up with crap I
can be in james town new york yeah I love this do you yeah that's not pondering you know
well I'll enjoy this rose bulge your dilly yeah I only know what I said
because we all know how much expertise he's got those are the blues magues and it's about the
ratings over there it's double the snooze we ain't got nothing yet it's about the ratings on
a morning show on zeta we ain't got nothing yet but we're working on it we're turning the corner
I like it yeah let's find out from the dork lady if she likes it hi Neil yes I do like that
song because I listen to kpx all the time and they play a kpx plays it yes hyper radio yes
hard but hard for us for being a bunch of arrogant little snot nose douchebag hyper radio I don't
like their DJs but I do like their music got a crappy attitude over there well I shouldn't say
that because they probably got a bunch of new kids over there so yeah they're all seniors and
graduated hold on one second okay okay what does what does this mean please answer the phone
hello Neil yeah yeah I just had a question for you no sports questions but I've been waiting for
an hour and I have to go to work I'm gonna be driving past the radio station I was just wondering if
you guys had a drive-through window for all the leftovers from the food you guys are here have a
nice taste okay well you can you believe I I left you alone for 20 seconds for that you waited
for an hour and a half to ask us that little acute question sir listen put the band-aids around
your wrist firm up a little bit and have a nice day at work anyway I wanted to ask you because of
that thing that don't be a dickhead thing my aunt is always asking me because how can he get away
with that with one that's on stations all over the country that's that's not our that's not our
thing it's on stations all over the country and it's someone's been using that word on New York
years and years it's just a colloquial expression that means jerk it's a liner on pirate radio yeah
nothing wrong with that this is 1989 already for and about time people in this country start
growing up just a little bit just a little bit it doesn't offend me or anything like that but
it's just that she's always asking me how can you get away with that and I'm like I have no idea
yeah well that's because nobody's here all the time management is always the way
I told you I told you it's absolutely not a
but they're irresponsible well anyway better govern yourself accordingly dork lady I'm trying
to I'll see you guys on Saturday great now bring some panties now I'm not bringing
I just don't know you wouldn't do that you're a little too fast you do that but what's your name
my bandie no I'm not that was my uncle just on the radio what did he say he said you're a dork
oh my buddy said to bring the undies no he's finished with him no I want to tell him he's a dork
also okay all my uncles that they're all dork well there's gonna be quite a crowd to see is
it all let us down now I know don't you you're gonna be you and Johnny darker gonna be the head
today oh please Johnny darker I'd say Joe and joy will be big hits but they'll be too busy
protecting their vehicles okay have a great day oh boy we got sensational stuff coming up
on Saturday boy at Toyota of Hollywood right now it's time to tell you how look at what a segue
I look at the log in there it is staring me in the face Toyota of Hollywood where Steve and the
bird and fat rich and Joe and Joey and Johnny dark and Sharon and the dork lady I said and maybe
bambi and god knows what's his name Paul Harvey Jr. oh man we got this is this isn't just your
you know this isn't happening okay no question it's become it's long wait a minute
the future of talk radio is here today it's it's it's only a radio show
oh
I'm talking
shocking shocking shocking you are a douchebag
hey hey hey deal you miss you miss the ball bitch
haha I am and they shut it's it's it's it's only a radio show but it's the best of Neil Rogers
Saturday morning's a ten on news talk radio six ten W I O D
at the
getting back to the moldy oldie hour with Bob mole
look like a discockity that's Bob mole on a rate old gold with Bob
mole like an oldie show yeah
yeah he could just learn to say waxy FF he'd get on here on Sunday night
I like it
yeah
excellent great record
you know how come it is that we can sit here and just put it on and listen to it and know it's good
we don't have any focus groups call a consultant
oh I don't like this business I really don't this I don't care what Rinerie says and I hope he
has a great time on his vacation by the way but he's wrong this is not a good business the
terrible business because nobody almost nobody knows what the hell are doing anyway it's called
seal little light produced written and sung by Bob M O U L D mold is that a hit it's on virgin
records by the way so how bad can it be I don't know that means we can play it in Miami it's on
virgin records untouched by human parks anyway we'll find out from some of our music intensive
pinheads if that's a big hit by the way done the best of Neil Saturday while we're out of Toyota
they can be listening the entire birds birthday show good show when we had a whole cast of
thousands in here we had Johnny dark and we had just tons of food and Hank Olberg and
that rich fat rich of course it's a good day yeah pompano hello hello yes sir hi this is
T.C. K. S. this week that a rear didn't top 40 my friend Glent Hill spread his butt
heat to the light okay let him 55 nice it was when we were not taking calls for all that time
didn't you enjoy that period of time we had a really good time and there's no hostile idiots
that was kind of funny though I thought it was just kind of cute you know it had its moments
like we got a special dedication for that last caller which I think will be very appropriate
and kind of fit right in
figuratively speaking of course
well I think the same thing to turn me out of the
okay 1256 at the I didn't want to play that last line there because we have to go
for ourselves accordingly Miami hello okay pretty good I didn't ask how you're doing but I'm
glad you're doing pretty good it was an interesting response it was kind of like an automatic reflex
oh about an hour I've been all that out of it because you thought I would say how you're doing
but let me ask you a question yeah go ahead how are you doing okay time it's sleepy right now
the last uh just about 10 minutes before I happen to get into car heard hour and tell talking about
your Alice Alice not talking about you supposedly you figured out sooner or later you were talking
about the self centered self serving person that always reads the trends on the radio and if it
wasn't for your trends you'd be on the street well what the hell does that mean that's why saying
that Howard Stern would I'd be on the street if he didn't have big number what does that mean
I just got the last uh don't now let me ask you a question yeah go ahead don't we read everybody's
numbers we just read our numbers we you know in fact um proud of the numbers and I'm happy we're
doing well but we read everybody's numbers including allises that's what he's upset about how did he
give did he give his numbers oh no no no I just last six seconds I need a break we'll see that
wouldn't be self-serving because his numbers suck so bad that there would be embarrassing
humiliating and degrading we I've been doing this on the air since way back when I was on that
station and you know something when we were working together on that station he was always
delighted I gave the numbers out because he had big numbers then so he was tickled to death
because I gave his numbers to it wasn't self-serving
fascinating in fact not only is it not self-serving it's a pubic service we do for the whole
business because we let everybody know how they're doing I am one of your Cuban closet listeners
great I do listen to your show completely through from one day through Friday every second of it
excellent but don't don't let Alice find out because that's a self-serving thing to do
service we're probably enjoying but let me ask questions to bird oh god you were doing so well
it's a good guy this is a you know pretty decent guy here I like this I like to get
excited about that trade about yesterday our Henderson and Polonia well that's why to be
honest with you sir he's pretty upset he liked Ricky Henderson he thought he's a hell of a ball
player and he is so sick to his stomach that these New York themes are making all these bad
trades that's why he's upset yeah I just don't know what I'm gonna do he didn't want to admit it but he
can't you know Dijkstra and McDonnell that was bad enough but now Ricky Henderson he's he's
added yeah I can't sleep at night he's never going to New York again sir I can't sleep on
eight my parents are just going down to drain all time your pirates huh hey by the way thanks a lot
I mean I've been since like in the out 60s and you know my idol was Roberto Clemente he was the best
man he was the one I mean he took it I just cried my hand yeah that was terrible I was on
here in Sarasota when that happens I guess that's one of the incidents you always remember where you
were and what you were doing yeah if you were a pirate's fan oh jeez I don't remember I don't
have no idea you know who Roberto Clemente was okay no idea or Bill Verdun or Bob Skinner
or Dick Stewart or Don Hoke or Dick Rotor Bill of law your smoky Burgess or houseman
breathing Bob Friend or Vernon Law functioning in society right I don't know
those are my days with the bucko sir those are the good old days right after that they try
to cheerfully we're out of well I hope you guys have a great month after you're
denied okay all right good luck okay he was a good caller in spite of the fan poor
all of it the suds that self-serving they give it they're doing it to be in there beating the crap
out of me and Sandy and we can't take it okay we got the April were them with the one o'clock
news and the big one two hour Steve with open phones we're all gonna try to boot you up just a
little bit here's Neil Rogers on New Start Radio 610 W I O D it's the world to two hour
all the obscure beast boys cuts all the time to format on W I N D
you know
the home kicking out
I'm real happy birthday Brian if you ever get out of bed again we might get him on the show
here's a facts Glenn how come nobody plays Billy Stewart I do love you as a giant hit in
Florida I remember that it was my favorite particularly also was great hearing the night crawlers
do you remember the bird watchers this is Steve from oral springs well thanks a lot Steve for
the nice facts here's an idiotic facts with one of those look at this somebody has written
turning the corner and Tim Williams sucks on the bumper for that that's getting pretty heavy
duty I mean it is true but that's nasty and then you'll have this here some stats for a rick
sucklif and Kramer who's pitching for the Pirates tonight lifetime against the cubs he is
how many times are going to read me dozen times I'm no Kramer one and one Kramer has a crazy
Kramer in a pitch and he's pitching a knife and I wonder who's catching I like that
yeah well knowing the principles involved one on six at W I D we have an open line and
we're going to go back to these phones because this of course is the meat and potatoes of
talk shows in this market hello ma'am yes Alan what I think what you said is terrible
you're always making fun of everybody where's my routine yeah he's getting frustrated I guess
being a babysitter to a hundred year old plus old douchebag far it's that's their whole audience
you know and he just he can't relate to that and Harvey from Kendall I will confess that I punched
because I was not into Steve's topic at all yesterday and I punched over to Alice which I've done
maybe four or five times in the last six months and I was on there for like one minute you know who
the caller was no this is about twenty after two it was Harvey oh I just failed who even mentioned
my name by the way what do you say that I said that what a travesty it was having Mike Thompson on
opposite Neil and how Mike time and you know the thing with Harvey from Kendall what he says always
makes a lot of sense but he's just so chronic that it doesn't make any it's not here Alice's response
that's wonder what he said now she was whining whining oh why are you picking on my
four-lotterdale hello yeah how you doing great hey the reason why I'm calling number one are you
what just happened somebody pick up your phone here what somebody's messing with the damn phone
all time to get off the damn phone now yeah get off the damn phone now exactly anyway I want to thank
my boss for letting me wait all this time but a couple of things one magic why don't you call
a tragic one oh two I've been doing that for three years okay well that's okay it's probably where
you heard it oh probably yeah I had a your guy next door Steve I know he used to be a DJ over there
who thank you yeah oh Steve stands for he's a big move over there that's when everyone started calling
a tragic he was a magic I don't remember that he was with K 102 oh yeah and um
nothing was just getting pretty heavy duty he was a KGR thanks so um no he was the key why too okay
anyway number two you just a real stone magazine with Yo Franky's uh uh yeah we had it the other
day they had a great review on it yeah well wasn't great it had three stars but then again
everything in there hey listen for them to give Dion three stars I mean you know it was fantastic
because his hair isn't done to his waist yet right yeah I agree I agree I I take them with the
green assault anyway yeah fact when I get mine I subscribe to it so when I get it in the mail I
always put a little salt on it before I open it up I get it also but I'm I'm thinking about
and then the dogs then the dogs attack it and they rip it up because they like the salt on
there and it gets ripped to shreds so it's a good excuse for why I never read it yeah I do have a
oh yeah we bird can use it uh yeah anyway I just wanted to call and say having a great show we sure
are and uh bird you know you don't have to be in the sports but you know I kick back and listen don't
don't take it so personal exactly oh well I do listen and listen but I can only listen for so many
hours by the way we gave up we're in hiatus on calder people are listening for our picks we're
taking a little time off on that because I've been in a bad slum well I don't know with the
parking going on yeah yeah that's true me out it right off kilter man at one day
uh well have they been getting a little better did anyone call you and apologize explain the situation
no they said it was my fault I shouldn't have left the money in there oh geez yes that's what I
said oh geez okay well you bird that take it easy and have a great rest of the day okay well
for those looking out for those cups tonight pal oh yeah well we'll see what happens okay
all right bye
neo roger the rock and roll animal
that look I just said heard that in that couple of decades Elvis I know I just caught my
ears Elvis just caught my ear that's next door at GTR again yeah so it's either that he's alive or
he's like all the rest of the motion sir why is that I was gonna take a lot of calls
but we have like some great cut left on this 1958 even it gets him
I think there would be if we took a survey which we won't but if we took a survey there would be
some people say that's the greatest record of all time really I'm not saying I'm saying that
but there would be some like Todd thinks so I think next to at the hop by Danny and the juniors
have ever heard that record a little star you heard this before having oh he's into these oldies
don't you understand it's in to be into oldies because he's haircut there and everything he's all
said to go okay yeah let's do another one now everybody's big into this this is a smash
oh right up your alley
okay I bet you in the 50s in plant city the Everly Brothers were gigantic and Elvis was that
could have been even bigger than in Vegas Elvis in plant city wouldn't you think that's right
up their alley you know everybody driving their pickup trucks with the Everly Brothers
black and I in there like six shooter in the back I would think that would be the way to do it
and this was a monster too oh yeah no question oh you don't get no baby can't
well I was a kid again the life of the age you ain't gonna rock in road no more don't go bad
and last but not least and this is in a new movie so you know when to move like stand by me
and all the songs come back a second time the kids think that's like their music yeah these little
pin heads where busy pricking their pimples or pimpling how does that go right he's made a new
recording everything I thought on VH once and staring at him he did it again
all right now there any any young girls listening right now I have a little suggestion don't
marry juryly Lewis I don't and if you do marry him don't take a bath okay because they go into
bathtub you never come out isn't that there's like a whole succession of those what's he married
about 20 young girls and he just all go to take a bath and they have a little problem in there okay 29
after one at WIOD Miami hello yeah Joe no it's not Joe oh it's not Joe he's stealing Joe's material
what the hell is that well you know didn't sound like Joe but I couldn't imagine anybody else saying
that this is Dave with six hands oh how you doing Dave hey it was creeping on hold during the news
I love to hear the delay build up do you love to have it build up during the news huh no yeah well
when April does the news a lot of guys feel that way you bet listen I'm looking forward to see
at uh code hollywood Saturday great and Gwen especially you I haven't met you before I seen you
there at Neil wants to try it before but I'm going on to meet you Gwen well you've seen me but you
never met no no no you've seen me out there before well that's good just leave me alone I'll be
sitting there just minding on business and you can all talk to the bird I'm going to be reading the
box store from the game okay fine I'm just going to see Gwen hey Gwen I think that was a great
story you did you know the day to grumpy story I did too I don't know what Neil's problem was
oh that was hysterical what was that out of people okay I'll check that out yeah I've heard
I've heard of a butler here sir but are you a bird licker is that it no I could invent something new
be serious Henry Barrow thinks by the way that bird licker is something you drink for breakfast
just a little joke pal okay listen to me when you had turned on it would you know you should
um would be a good idea you should screen the movie a boy in his dog why is that we know what's
got the dog oh the guy with the dog now the movie with a different dog different guy believe me
Don Johnson would be very insulted yeah okay it's a good movie by the way yeah that's not okay
jeans addiction yeah jeans a dickhead okay I don't like that yeah don't play out no more okay
now what I give it to Nick I give him the CD Nick one that's just because he's a Nickhead yeah
um listen you know I got a problem and I know someone your house can relate to this and
I know Gwen does too um what's gonna happen when Bob the old house it's funny it's funny you
imagine that because I was diddling around on the satellite the other day and there it was yeah
yeah this old house it was an old one from last winter yeah but there was old Bob Vila I love
the way he pronounces his name like kind of like a child it's not gonna be the same
you think you're in the master carpet you won't handle it all well no here's a note on the screen
Todd said he wants to hear Jane's addiction well Todd I want to tell you so oh you made that up
right Nick because I was gonna say I would do almost anything for Todd and I do mean almost but
that's uh going a little too far yeah Nick see Nick likes to lay this crap on everybody else because
he has bad taste he did this to share on the other day and he said that she loved the album and she
came in putting her finger down her throat and gagging and puking and then it sucks so you're just
like out there on a limb Nick just like usual yeah all right you know I want to be put on hold
it for the one thing around but before I go you know before he goes you know that uh you played
the struggling lady was that something new or old that was from yesterday really yeah listen to this
old sit here hold on so that we better take this college
I don't want to think I like about her she's consistent yeah let me just
get a little captain yeah she's great I love her okay hold on now all right one 32 I wonder if
that's Donna's mother do you think so never thought of it yeah they're like I know the years popped
out though yeah well that child has just got a lot of problems the biggest one being that he's a
gutless wonder but other than that he's terrific you know he also you know the thing he said about
the trends he doesn't like I guess to remember back when he was on midday briefly
on a Thursday went to midday's an I&C and I had a nine cheer and he had a two seven and he stuck
his tail between his legs and went running off into afternoon drive and then Steve came over here
and Steve regularly beats the crap out of him in fact when Steve and Stan were both on at the same
time of with Alice Steve and Stan both beat the crap out of Alice who was a poor third virtually
in every trend there may have been one or two flukes but basically that's it with those horrible
demographics so he can keep talking all those elderly elderly elderly post senior post death
senior citizens and to continue trying to fool us but you know he's just doing the same old tired
crap that he's done a million times it's pathetic I mean if we didn't sit here and do anything but
make guttural sounds it would be more entertaining and talking to those same old fetches and whining
about Ali North and the same old tired crap give it a rest Alice okay even bring the urine lady
back was more entertaining than that that show was a pisser man I'm star movement get that idiot
there you go well have a great life okay hold for a little bit no problem anything you guys want
because I know we got a moron on five it says hello
excellent comments 138 is W.I.O. today see he jumps to conclusion that was it right he's just a
little excited okay just a little bit worked up camera hello oh was ready uh yeah
all right now let's listen I don't want to stop my work yes hands at your sides
be very calm okay okay now yeah okay okay uh first of all I don't want to stop my call
of my correcting it but but these song you played about the about 30 minutes ago believe
langering of a place believe land yeah about three to four nights ago during the midnight
midnight three uh some are between 12 and three they played it yeah but anyway I just want to
tell you who played what I don't understand what are you talking about the song you said that
they didn't have a play what song you don't remember about 45 minutes ago oh willy in the hand
jive yeah they played it on magic and what time some were between 12 and 3 on uh two three nights ago
oh in the morning you mean yeah well that's generally when I like to hear that stuff about
two thirty in the morning I wake up and I run to the radio and turn on magic hey there's Johnny
Otis and now they're doing it they're doing it yeah well uh I apologize how much I take yeah I want
to take you up and suggestion to to go to the tower and out I live within a half a mile of the
place and I've been I haven't been there no it's great and it's tremendous tremendous the
tying food yeah and I'm not I just want to I didn't get a chance if renier is listening I think
a chance to thank him for I want to cruise yesterday and I I had the honor of being dumped by the
the bird was it heaven hung up on me when I sort of when I made the joke I don't know but I can't
understand why I'm getting so nervous listening to you talk I'm ready to jump out of my chair okay
I mean you're a wonderful guy but you just can't speak all right for me you what's wrong with me
I don't well that's a good question maybe a therapist can find out Steve's got some good numbers I
don't know I just you're just you're nervous you're like just a cato you're like oh geez I want
to take doggy downers after about 20 seconds when you talk but listen have a great day I just
say one thing thanks to my okay I just say one thing what do you want okay I got Mitch
with Webster's career highlights here great I can I last about 20 seconds okay rank ninth
of the National League in runs in 1987 great so let's hide the Xbox and have a great day I can't
I can't take it I just can't take it he's a nice guy but he just he's got that real nervous
sound in his voice and you just want to you just feel like you're gonna have a breakdown you're
gonna go into some kind of a diabetic coma or something any second please sir you're a wonderful
guy but don't call talk shows anymore don't call talk shows now Steve is here a little early today
now I don't just that you were so psychotic yesterday when you came and you looked like
been running for you know I'm not in the ambulance let's put that with that
you see the hate mail goes right on the waist-past we don't even hate me I get I get a
real perverse satisfaction that guy he writes he prints which is why know they're writing I
know the right but the thing I get a letter every day and and I read a couple of them that's
just so hateful I don't open the bench well I just put them unopened and I have this image in my
head of his staying up all night and writing these letters and they have straight in the basket I'm
open I like the way I had to put a thing up he's booking you look at three words of it and put it
in the waist-past it there were two things I needed to say before the lightning ready you know me the
one thing I like to do is create peace and harmony and not yes I'm sorry and he had a good lunch
from Marcelo Sierre and I had a little gastric distress I had no thought there was a comment no
