1037 at WIO, they're going to have four choruses of Sammy, Sammy a little bit later on in the hour.
But first, a Miami call. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
How are you? Welcome back.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to tell you that for the bird over there, Joanne Rice is going to be at the Amnesty
or Malt today.
What does that mean for the bird, Joanne Rice?
Is she going there for the bird or is she going there for some other reason?
No, she's going there for another reason.
But I know, going to be trying to hook up with Joanne.
Well, I got news for you, sir. Glenn has been trying to hook up with anything that's alive.
No, no, no, no, no, no, please.
Trying to hook up with me.
What does that mean?
She called me.
She's trying to hook up with you. What does that mean?
She wanted to meet me.
Is that like one of those Texas like hook-um-horrings or one of those things they do in the football with the,
yeah, this finger up in here?
She called.
Actually, I strained this finger the other day.
I told you I fell down. I strained this.
But now this one's starting.
Thank you, sir.
Yeah.
I have been trying to get back.
You still didn't answer the question.
For what?
She wants to meet me.
She's never wanted me.
She wants to meet you?
That's all.
Don't waste your time, Joanne.
Trust me.
Yeah.
Also, you know, I've heard a lot of things about Don Shula.
For what I've been told, he's one of the nastiest coaches in the league.
And right now, in fact, he's probably ripping some pretty big ass asses out of the players.
Sammy, Sammy, how do you like that Sammy, huh?
He's doing great stuff.
He's doing it.
Up in Orlando.
Up in two eggs, yeah.
Yeah, I think he's going to be a secretary for the magic.
Yeah, the magic 102.7.
Yeah, all right.
I'm just about out of material.
Well, listen, thanks for the tip there on Joanne.
I'm sure somebody will be trolling over there in Oatah.
Okay.
Have a great day.
1039 at WID.
Isn't it interesting how these people seem to be under the age of 100?
It doesn't seem to be that...
Oh, Alex, you're so refreshing.
We have to contend with it, Neil every day.
Every day, she said, you have to contend with me.
I remember.
Now, what the hell are you listening?
You disgusting old bag?
You have to contend with it.
Don't you have anything else to do?
Can't you take your prune juice, animal during these hours?
Clean your brains out.
We have an open line in Boka and Del Rey now, which is pretty disappointing.
I really thought we were going to make a little comeback there.
We haven't even touched that line yet.
278.9463.
Well, see, I'm just cleansing my whole system because I know Wayne Arnold is coming any second.
And Fat Rich has definitely got his beeper and his buzzer and his magic twanger.
But everything else said, just in case there's a little blurt at the bell out there, he's going to rush.
Oh, a quickie here.
Hello.
Yeah, the bird was a butt-licking this Alex Bennett the whole week.
I believe it.
That's what I heard Thursday and Friday was disgusting.
I want to know, were the lines full or are we clen?
No, but I was still busy butt-licking.
I really didn't notice.
Neil, you're the brother of fresh air.
Good to have you back.
Okay.
Thanks for your refreshing honesty, sir.
The lines were not full at all.
They were not full at all.
They were light.
They were light.
That's how I would term it light.
And I will say this, management for it will ignore this, but when I do the show for you,
and Fat Rich may disagree with this, but they stayed pretty full.
Fat Rich said that the birds a liar, but I saw several times during the week where they were all empty.
Several times.
I mean, Tony Bennett.
And he would have to give the number to ask on the air for call.
Well, it takes those old people a long time to get to the phone.
They have to crawl on their hands and knees.
They have to go and get their walkers out.
Hello, Alex.
It's so refreshing.
So one thing about this town, man, we got the worst bunch of butt-sucking bird brains in this town
that you're going to find anywhere in the world, probably.
Anywhere in the world.
The first day I came to this market, WKAT, 13 long excruciating years ago,
13 and a half long excruciating years ago.
And I sat down and little dick-sciates sat there in the studio.
I just got his ass fired and I was replacing him, but they made him show me the rope, so to speak,
and that big old horrendous, mausoleum-like studio with Frank Katzentine's picture on the wall,
and the thing about it is he had died like 30 years before and his eyes were moving in the picture.
It was incredible.
Every time he looked up on the wall, his eyes were like looking around at the piano and the bird bath,
and Craig Worthing's toilet tissue cozy on the piano.
And I punched up the first line and they said,
Oh, you're such a breath of fresh air.
And I hadn't even said anything yet.
Here's a mobile and brown word.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yeah.
Mom and I went to call there.
Hey, they're having a big day out there. I'm glad you mentioned that.
It's a big, labor day card out there today.
I'm calling the front-end if you have any winners for me.
Well, let's see if there's anything I like here today.
Oh, look at that.
I'm a thoracian bird. Help me out.
Well, he doesn't have the entries just a second.
I've been cold lately.
What? You've been cold?
I like D'Roma Feast with Gonzalez in the second race.
Okay, I'll play in the double.
And let's see. Look at that.
I'll tell you again.
I expect Mike to have a good day today because he's probably wearing off the effects from being on Calder's show.
All right.
What I'll do is I'll play D'Roma Feast and if it wins, I'll give you a call back and let you know how much money I made.
Okay. Good luck to you.
Yeah. Have a good day.
Bunch of brains out. They need your money now.
You got it.
Okay.
There we go. Big, big, labor day card on this Monday.
They added Calder 11 races. They've got the $50,000 Calder handicap in the 10th of my lemonade on the grass.
They've got the simulcash to the $200,000 Jerome handicap.
That's a great one race from Belmont.
Small field in their six horse field is a true with Pat Day.
Fast play with Cordero electric flash.
Climb the stars with Richard Melliori.
I'm influential and D'Rosch.
Hmm.
D'Rosch.
Hmm.
So that's what's going on out there.
A call to get out there and plunge your gut so there's something for you people to do.
Have nothing to do today.
Here's another mobile and brown word. Hello.
And yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
You're brumper for sure today.
And intimidating too, right?
Uh-huh.
Good.
Hey, uh, Bert?
Yeah.
I think you would have done a better job yourself.
Well, listen, I want, I want to go on record.
I want to go on record.
I want to record.
I want to record.
I want to record.
I want to record.
I want to record.
I want to record.
I want to record.
I want to record.
I want to record.
I want to record.
I want to record.
I want to record.
I want to record.
The only thing you have on the side line, is that be considered bad football?
Yeah.
No.
What was going on on the field would be considered bad football.
Trust me.
What I want, are you in an opportunity at half though?
10-45 at WID.
Well, I wanted to make sure he got all his material and we have an open line in brown word,
at five.
Well, I think that Flem is coming back, my IOD allergy.
Oh.
All the while that had been away.
Didn't have any problem with that.
And the first day that I come back,
that old w-i-o-d attack is starting to come back again
what are we saving that one-broward line just for mobile is that what that
would is today
well how nice to have a mobile line
okay let's uh... take one from margate hello
hi yeah
it's got first-time caller
how you doing scott
well try to show us the best
when it was on because when that other guy was on bed
tony bened
yeah he was making a funny show he was really the first time callers
he was making fun of my show
you know that the first thing that impressed me when i got in my car the
airport on thursday i listened to him for fifteen minutes
and i said where is my show you know i mean in other words he comes in here
and maybe it wasn't his fault because maybe the powers that be didn't give
me any idea what the shows all about although i doubt that you know
and i thought to myself what he's doing has about as much relationship to my
show
it would be like joey rentals going on channel ten doing some stupid show
uh... uh... uh...
that just didn't fit in with an bishop
you know what i mean
you would probably been better ratings if you just point the best of
there you go
well that's not get carried away i'm gonna tell you glad you mentioned that
too because i heard some of that going to the not going to the track going to
the store i guess on saturday
and the way nick puts that thing together i wouldn't wish that on anybody i
wouldn't wish it on
it's weird isn't it's only matters how it jumps
yeah like jumps all over the place is put together real crappy and it sounds
like hell
other than that it's very important
well listen thanks for the memories pal
you're the best and uh... we really miss you last week well that's not get
carried away okay life goes on
cia
what up
but kiss
ten forty seven and double now he's a good guy scott it was his first call we
don't want to make him all paranoid and defensive but next time don't
but kiss quite so much
but
but
can one of the back a little bit your breath is very bad
okay ten fifty two at w i d so anyway i don't think i mentioned on the year
that i was killing mosquitoes two nights ago
and i was up on a chair
and i took a tumble and i usually don't do that even though i'm a big clumsy
clutz
i usually don't do that
i never do that but in this case the chair was just not designed for this big
fat blob to be standing on it
and i took this tremendous tumble and i jammed this finger
the one next to the middle finger this one here
uh... badly
jammed it i mean it hurts so bad and it's so sore it's a little better now than
it was but it
and then i'm at call areas today and he's been out they have no way of knowing
they mean well but people who just want to come and i'm most people just come
and they high how you doing that's great
but there were a couple of these guys that just had a shake my hand
okay
and
when you have something that just happened like that
you don't think about it
you know and they they both shook my hand is hard as it's like they were
trying to squeeze blood out of it
and i'm going to tell you when the second guy shook my hand i thought i was
just going to go through the ceiling i mean the pain was in fact the pain is
still great
as long as i don't move it or touch it it's all right
but for you touch that thing it's a sore as um...
hemorrhoids are bad day now that's your cart hand isn't it isn't the
handy is to
put the carts in the machine now
oh good
ten fifty three at w i o d my amy hello
welcome back nil
yes
easy for you to say
uh... after last week so i think it should buy three houses
that by my
boy that finger is just coming out wasn't even hurting the last started talking
about it you know
i heard
listen let me just tell you something when you're in this business you don't
buy a house okay because this business is full of insecure paranoid petty
little people
who haven't got any idea what's going on
it is it is and especially this building they have no more clue what's going
on the man in the moon
and if you don't believe me tune in the smeg green show next Sunday
great
listen bird um... i went to the video store
and i got that that uh... stranger on a train
uh... and there's twenty minutes of tenison it
why all well that has nothing to do with it
dropping the roger just brought in don't let me uh...
to do with it
yeah there's just happens to be tenison it you know
that that that's not why i told you to rent the movie
can i see that a second
who is it that they've been turned out to be uh...
uh... jesus putts day very is on the front of traffic magazine and he's
balancing a basketball on his middle finger isn't that cute
well sentiment is the same here day
yet but didn't you like the movie
okay
what is it strangers on the train never saw it's in the hitchcock movie from
the fifties all that i must have seen it
black light
twenty minutes of tenison it that has nothing to do well and you should see uh...
what is that movie peter proud what was the name of that movie
reincarnation
reincarnation peter proud with michael serison and what's her name from the summer
forty two
uh... gene jane
jane curtain
uh...
from the summer of forty two
my god what is wrong with you you're supposed to know about movies what is her
name gene
i can see her she has dark hair no she doesn't have dark here at all
oh then you're talking about somebody else don't you remember her me gerry grimes
and i'm sorry for you to with the um... jane jane
jane curtain
jane curtain no
jane stapled
oh and uh... uh... i need a change and stay in the top of the book is one more
thing the ill
that i read Richard called
called who you
called the show
called the oh yeah yeah i know you know about that when he was gone oh yeah
i think we got the card here just to make sure he never forgets the voice
okay the on-the-material okay have a great day you were sensational call
ten fifty five at w i o d the reason he was a sensational calls i never would have
thought of this card
if he wouldn't have reminded me and of course you'd have been very depressed
uh... got you the whole show without
i really if i read Richard
oh god i'm getting
her name was Jennifer O'Neill
yeah that's it
see Roger had the Jennifer on there and i came up with the O'Neill
Jennifer O'Neill
no she doesn't have to do that she's got the abrune that is sure
that's the kind of
who's that on the bat line
oh jeez mister saltmans on the bat line
i need a welcome home yes sir
and that was Jennifer O'Neill and i think you just got it i think we just got
that yeah just ahead of you and i had uh... boy what about that winged fury in
the eleventh race yesterday
oh you know i have a heart of a horse was that
i didn't think she won
i didn't think she did he did
i'll tell you this much i had the horses that were second third and fourth
boxed in a trifecta
and here comes this pig this disgusting
uh...
from nowhere with Eduardo Nunez you know i kept looking in the form at that
horse i wanted a bed at night i kept looking and i couldn't find a reason
in a million to bet that horse
well there are a couple of horses yesterday like that yeah like leave it be
well i'll tell you one thing that or hey doarte he could get lost in a
match race
jutees red shoes she beat one horse
yeah it was a strange kind of race you know and i'm excited
yeah
hindsight is the word for it yet but you know me i don't cry i mean i went out
there made a little contribution at a good time
i had a five dollar double
i had the couple i had a trifecta couple of perfect isn't i still lost so i
had a real good day
well that's the shame if you had that many
now no i don't i don't go out there to win i go out there lose i left my
five dollar to the valley parking people and uh... that was it
well i just want to say the valley parking kids i said the valley parking
people because i don't want to get jack up set
well glenville verified that i passed a show last week that's correct and uh...
i wasn't very racing intensive anyway now somebody told me the guy said he
hates racing is that what he said you know what i hear about what all sports in
general any sport and you know nothing about racing
well how about those cubs and those meds bill
all listen i'm getting sick
a narrow narrow strawberry is playing like he's on another planet well he's got a
good point boy that those are the other guys in that team would stop a low
thing they'd be in good shape you know he's in what about two twenty seven
uh... not only is he not hitting well but he's less argic in the field yeah
he's not in the back of three rallies last week it would terrible based
running but i especially like uh... the play of one semwell in centerfield
he's really doing it
right he's got a new way of catching the ball he crouches down loses the ball in
the sun hopes that it'll hit him and land on his shoulder
fill i saw you that's all you on tv last week bill uh... yeah you mean on the
sunshine at work show horses to watch or so i do a little feature
has a little feature on the show i'll be there have them on camera
oh god not on my side it won't come in a
i don't want to be on camera but that's just part of the thing that they do well
we didn't come up to see yesterday but you know why i think it's one of those
i understand no problem we don't want to get all those tips from bob harness
up there you know by the way you know getting back to the
base you know that everything is going to boil down to the games that they play
between them so well it's the rest of the month in the uh... national league
all the times within the divisions are playing each of the so no more of this
lose every day and hope everybody else loses to a can happen that's right
it's gonna be telling that the team to get hot September's gonna win it all
well it won't be us you can be sure that all come on have a little faith i
have faith in the meds that cup pitching man i'm telling you just incredible
well the message of great pitching and they can't get anybody out although we do
have pico and kill this back so i look out okay talk to you later film okay pal
thanks okay there is ladies and gentlemen fill sauceman from high top the
stands at calder race course where they got a big holiday card out there so get
out and just take thousands and have a wonderful time take your transistor
radio and you can listen to the show just have a ball right what a great
to shane tomas has got the eleven o'clock w i o d news and then we'll come back at
eleven o'clock five with another hour this lunch probably coming into big
eleven o'clock hour so stay tuned for that
and
and a five eight four seven one seven about would have been hot to go three
hours without one of those yeah no question about that
twenty five past one at w i o d an open line well no there no open lines are all
flashing the bad line is flashing every line is flashing frantically good lord
but nick well nick what what's rich doing in there
what is he doing rich is answering the phones
ah ha ha he's gonna sit on that chair and it'll never be the same again i'll be
damn open park
hello you're out of open park are you no i'm uh you're on a mobile correct
well i did it's a good thing i punched you up nick is left us he's deserted us
i called i had called earlier but uh i'm on one of these quality car phones
yeah and you know i was spent all that money
see senior i don't blame you so what's going on well life is miserable just came
back from fishing in west palm spend six hours doing absolutely nothing and
watching my brother will make a fool of himself look at that may i just
tied up Chang five games a piece in the first set
in this exciting i think we should go out and get him a driver's license
yeah i would think so who Chang yeah so what's going on
not too much Chang is doing his bible reading lessons i guess but he'll be all right
ha ha ha well i'm off for the track are you really well you're a little bit laid
yeah i know but well that's good though you'll miss the double that's a good thing you never
want to get there for the all the why i hit the double yesterday had a five dollar double
and it was a good start of course i gave it all back to him but it was a good way to start
certainly is i'm at my exit talk you later okay good luck to you bye
127 at w i did that guy i make he might make the second race i yeah sure he will
if he's at the mirror marx it that's right no question just run in there i i like doing that
like running into any race track like five minutes before post time the grab of racing form and
a program and you just start you start looking at the tote board and looking down in that racing
form and a lot of pressure a lot of pressure and you just stab you know and you always lose that
way but it's a lot of fun yeah i found out a great thing when i was out there this finger is just
ready to fall off i'll tell you last time i was out there if you go up to the press box
i don't go we're not i'm not going to the press box ever again you know no i didn't like twice
they have a betting window right there yeah that's correct and by the way did you know that it's
illegal for employees of the track to bet what yes well i'm not saying that's the
way it's illegal for employees of any paramutual association to gamble that's crazy well
some of the attract showed me the memo yesterday and it's illegal okay on the races you're talking
about yeah i did not know that that's a shocker to me and it really screwed things up because while
he's suspended he rose was going to get a job as a teller and a track and they said no way Jose
okay okay here's let's see open park this what's the question bill
yeah
and call to set um i don't know what kind of material are you going to steal for your show today
wow it was uh your and he never referred to him by name but we all know who it was was it him
it was he oh my god calling caller i'll be damned and he tried to win a prize yeah i believe
that well he needs it yeah i think i think second prize was material yeah well he needs it
this one that gave you that little spider port now that's good because people are talking about
lead too much anymore so it's good you keep his name look at that may also had five one in the
second set aren't you excited i hate that well i know that and so does most everybody else but i'm
trying to humor somebody in the studio oh have a great holiday you two me five two what is that was
a little note there let me see what that says now it's a clandestine note from fat rich just
before the show ends let's see if he knows all this stuff uh oh yeah well chuck myers standing by
with yet another wiad newscast i'm gonna go downstairs and check out the mail and the uh plants
down there and see what's going on downstairs and then we'll come back on the steep cane show
briefly at 205 for a little while and we'll see how things are hanging right um
exactly i kind of get the lay of the land and see you play it by ear so don't go away
when he could post about the cases he has one and you're in ladies' lots of fun
because her tastes are strange she's quite deranged without seeing the cane where all the triceps go
they would have to find another show to go to today
be lost this outsteak came we'd never hear the virgin minister all the things he has to say about
the queens how all this sex has been in his dreams and he'll never change very strange
that's the game where all the chronic girls
they would have to find another show to go to today be lost how's this going
okay what a way to start the cane show right
to await at w.w. i.e. steve is in limbo he's on his way to san hozey or something right
evidently he's either in town or he got his message the the word is that he's helping his
accomplice i mean his associate oh move in what he's doing his evil twin at a
Louisville is evil twin he's helping him move in but he got his message and he's just up in arms
and he's just uh desperate and if steve doesn't show up by 230 he wanted to put on rush limbo
tapes good heavens now should we take a poll on that i don't know um
wouldn't that be like turning the station into a parking lot
although i heard a rumor that w.l.s. in chicago which went all talk you know
that uh in fact the stories i heard did i tell you about this that drew haze is the program director
oh yeah now drew haze is a nice kid but he's like he's a kid and when i was at w.s. news he was
doing overnight sun the weekend screaming and yelling and by 330 he'd have he'd have learned
jayda's every Saturday night he's screaming and yelling and just a maniac he's the program director
you know who is doing middays like from one to four yeah last year and gets who they have in between
their morning i don't know who's doing the morning but like 10 to one rush rush limbo
i just i can't believe i can't believe he's on any station much less this one in fact he will be
on tonight from eight to eleven that's right because there's no Yankee game the Yankees are playing
this afternoon couldn't we punch up the Yankee game wouldn't that be exciting but uh not oh look
at that Chang is making a little comeback there two nothing in the third set after look at getting
just blown away in the second set oh there's the gym boi the uh Syracuse basketball coach
i was hoping that Syracuse will win the last year you know he's a strange guy isn't he
anyway it's two ten at w.i. this so we're gonna kind of hang in and we'll uh if you're really
upset that they want to put rush limbo tapes on call in immediately are you upset i'm really upset
i'll be i'll see how the uh sounds from the tennis match on the back
well we could arrange that we could hook up the audio just from the four not the microphone just
from the court to the transmitter that'd be great yeah programming network give me a break isn't
it something well listen i'm on my way outside the race tracking over the Delray line we're West Palm
be true but we have most of the people that know about parts you right?" young
with thirtysdadotta iire backlıcnewrichuhn It's gonna be real
