WIOD presents Neal Rogers.
Begin a touching talk.
Call 751WIOD in date.
524 WIOD in broad.
Or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach.
Other areas may call collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers
are not necessarily those of the stations.
Now, here's Neal Rogers, our new stock radio 610 WIOD.
This is the show of the tomorrow with new brothers.
This is the show of the brothers.
The show of the brothers.
Well, the real question is how can a couple of washed up talk show hosts
still be here on the air?
I just really wonder about that.
I have the trends to speak for themselves.
Well, we'll get into that later on.
I didn't hear that because I don't listen to that station anymore,
at least not in the morning.
And of course not too many others do either.
Our horses at Gulf Stream yesterday are still running in fact,
they're in a maturace.
Now, at the top of the stretch, and here they come, 90 years young,
that was the bird's horse and the sixth race went off as 65 chalk
and ran a desperate seventh.
I mean desperate.
He never made a move if the chart is accurate.
And my horse, not too much better in the fourth race,
Jeff Stryker's brother, B. L. Stryker, went off as a little over two to one favorite
and ran a desperate fifth.
Not that bad though.
He was about a little over two lengths behind for the whole thing.
So that's not so bad.
But the 90 years young, I guess he probably didn't relate to running in Hellendale.
That's probably what did it.
Anyway, I got a story for you.
I had three of the most incredible hours yesterday speaking of Hellendale
that you could ever imagine.
And even if you've got your morning newspapers and you've read the articles,
you still, and even if you heard Steve yesterday,
when I called in twice and Norm Kent called in and we got into this again on the air,
you still only have a part of the story.
So let me just take a few minutes to try to lay it out if I can say that.
Yesterday, Norm Kent called in.
What was it? A little afternoon?
Like one last hour.
One o'clockish.
There's Fabrid.
Now don't say that, please.
We got enough problems already.
So anyway, Norm Kent called in.
I guess it was after one.
And he said that the Hellendale thing was off, that they had had an emergency meeting,
and they came up with another resolution to decide to table a whole business.
And they also, by the way, called off this coming Tuesday's meeting just for your information.
And what I didn't realize when he called in, and I found the little bits and pieces of this
that they went on was that the reason that they gave, especially Sonny Rosenberg for calling off the meeting,
was because of the threat of violence by my listeners, if the meeting went on on Tuesday,
and we showed up over there.
I guess Sonny's got a bad memory.
Either that or he thinks everybody else does, because two years ago,
when we did that thing in March at the Diplomat Mall over on Hellendale Beach Boulevard,
we had thousands, literally, of people.
I think there were two, three thousand people that showed up all together during the four-hour show.
There wasn't any violence. All of my listeners acted very, very well.
There was only one person who was creating a disturbance, and that was some old Hellendale fart,
some nasty rotten douchebag, who was yelling obscenities, homophobic obscenities,
at me and yelling obscenities at my mother, which was very charming.
But other than that, everybody was on their best behavior.
But this is a nice excuse to try to get out of this thing, rather than admitting that they made a mistake,
and they were being used and manipulated by our attorney friend from Coral Gebel's,
rather than doing that.
It was much more convenient and face-saving for them to say,
well, we want to avoid letting them turn this into a circus,
but at any rate, they allegedly would drop it a whole thing.
So that's where we left it.
I leave here. I go home out in a backyard with a puppy,
by the way, we're trying them outside without Alicia or anything now,
just to see, and they were just fine.
And all of a sudden, the phone rings, and it's Sharon.
Well, now I take that back.
There were a couple of the reporters from the newspapers who were wanting to call me at home for reactions and comments,
and I had had a couple of calls.
Then the phone rang, and it was Sharon.
And she said, you're not going to believe this, but one of the reporters tells me that this thing is coming unglued,
that there's more to it.
And then I called Norm Kent, and all the reporters start calling again.
And it comes to find out that Mayor Rosenberg tried what Norm Kent calls an end run around the rest of the commission.
In other words, for public consumption, they put this whole shenanigans on this meeting,
and they said, okay, we're dropping everything.
We're not sending any letter to the FCC.
We're getting uninvolved from this thing, and we want to make up and let bygones be bygones.
Which, quite frankly, I didn't know there was any problem with Helen Dale until a week ago Tuesday,
because other than the two or three bits we play on the air,
just like the ones we play about Tamarack and Hailean, and any place else.
Other than that, we don't talk about Helen Dale.
I mean, if it comes up, naturally, I still got my comments, but we haven't had any running thing going.
But being thin skinned, which is one of Mayor Rosenberg's most serious problems in life,
he just can't cope with the fact that, you know, we might poke fun at him and his city over there
at the Sacred Cow of Helen Dale, the city of choice.
So, naturally, I immediately called Steve on here.
This was after the four o'clock news and unleashed what was going on.
And this began a barrage of phone calls going back and forth and all around.
And I want to say this. I don't want to mention any names,
because I don't want to put any of these people in a compromising situation.
But the reporters were very, very cooperative.
And they have seen, finally, they have seen through what all of this is all about.
Very clearly.
So, all of the parties involved had really better govern themselves accordingly,
because, you know, as I said a week or two ago, the worm has turned, man,
and she was on the other foot.
Nobody has fooling anybody anymore with his hate campaign.
So, as we were best able to piece it together,
this is what Sonny Rosenberg intended to do.
He was going to take the resolution that was passed two years ago in 87
and send that to the commission, which could have been still a way to have his own way.
In other words, avoid letting us come and speak next Tuesday.
Avoid letting the audience come and speak in opposition.
And still manage to try to interfere with my job in this radio station,
just out of personal vengeance.
Well, finally, at about a quarter after six, I get a call from another reporter saying,
and you'll notice it's in the newspaper today briefly,
because they had to keep putting these articles back together, you know,
a dozen times, based on the way things were changing in three hours.
But Mayor Rosenberg told this reporter that, well, he's decided he's not going to send out
any letter to the commission, and he's not going to be coming involved in this.
But he just, he was wrongly under the impression that that's what the other commissioners wanted.
Well, strangely enough, well, listen, the same reporter spoke to all the other commissioners
and they all said, that's not what we wanted at all, including the city manager.
Yeah.
What they all had agreed to and discussed and what they wanted was to drop this and get it over.
We didn't go on with the important business that they're supposed to be taken over there in the city of Hallendale.
But Sonny, who's just got this burning axe to grind,
man, who just can't let go of it, he was going to try one last time and we, you know,
and the word leaked out.
See, if the word wouldn't have leaked out, he'd have probably tried to get away with that.
Mm-hmm.
Now, the amazing part of it is a norm called a Steve on the air yesterday,
and he read me the resolution.
And the amazing part of it is this resolution was passed when we were at W.I.N.Z.
That's right.
Okay. It doesn't even mention the call letters.
It doesn't mention my name, but it says there is a station in a community
that doesn't conform to such and such standards.
It's a long convoluted piece of mong that doesn't mean anything.
But the bottom line is if he would have sent that to the commission,
it would have been aksanine.
It would have made him even more embarrassed than he probably already is.
Because it hasn't got anything to do with W.I.O.D.
Mm-hmm.
How do you like that?
Incredible.
Force stupidity.
Okay.
So if it makes you feel better, Sonny, you can continue for public consumption going on
with these idiotic statements about the fact that you don't want us to come and turn your city commission meeting
into a circus.
I think you guys already do a good enough job of that every week.
But, you know, if that makes you feel better, go ahead and say it.
You're not fooling anybody.
Because our people have always acted like ladies and gentlemen,
your people over there are the ones who become apoplectic and behave like juvenile homophobic jackasses, okay?
So the bottom line is there's no meeting Tuesday.
There is no action anymore by the city of Hallendale.
They want a kiss and make up, which I didn't know that we had anything to kiss about.
Sonny doesn't want to kiss.
Maybe make up, but not-
No, I don't think so.
No, I don't think Sonny wants to kiss.
He's afraid he might catch something.
Now, it says in the paper, this was a tip.
Is that what it was?
Is that what it was?
I think they spelled it backwards.
I think fit.
It was the word, I think it was Sonny who had the fit.
I think that that's where they became a little bit confused.
But anyway, so that's where we are now.
I think that the audience deserves to know.
But I get, you know, it doesn't really boil down to being a victory of sorts.
It's just that finally these people came to their senses.
And I heard some of the discussion about some of the discussion that went on in the background.
Are they new that they had been had and that they had been embarrassed and humiliated again?
But they just didn't want to admit that publicly.
So here comes Sonny trying to say, well, gee, we don't want to want them coming over here turning it into a circus.
And he can claim a victory, but we're just not going to allow our government to be disrupted.
The bottom line is if they would go ahead and act like adults instead of like a petulant bunch of little children,
we wouldn't have these problems in the first place because I'll go about living our lives.
I think Sonny's quote was, he didn't want some clown coming over turning the city commission meeting into a circus.
And that what he said?
Talk about the pot calling the kettlebell.
So that's where we are, Visa V. Halendale.
And of course, there's an interesting, and it is a legitimate news story because it's in all the papers again this morning.
There is a paragraph at the end of the story in the herald by Don Van Atte.
The headline says avoiding mess, Halendale halts suit or snit with Rogers.
And the last paragraph says, and this is really classic, okay?
The city's decision to back off just proves my point Thompson said Wednesday, this is our attorney friend and Coral Gables.
Now that the city has withdrawn the agenda item, it is just proof that the methodologies by Rogers to use his electronic bully pulpit are effective.
End quote.
Okay.
So I guess I'm a bully.
Huh?
Bullie, that's it's coming from someone who has conducted a witch hunt for the last 19 months against me on three different radio stations who has instigated investigations enemy by everybody but the CIA.
But I'm a bully.
Yeah.
Now, as you know that the worm is turning, there are some people who just can't deal with it, okay?
And now that people are beginning to unmask all of this and because it's a legitimate news story, we're not able to discuss it fully and freely.
They can't cope with that.
And I've been saying that to all these high priced attorneys for the last two years now that if we could bring ourselves to a point where we could discuss this and let the public, you know, our listening audience are the biggest ally we've got out there.
And if they're aware of what's going on, they're not going to sit still for it.
No.
And we continue to receive just loads of mail here into the fact.
I guess we ought to give the facts number again, shouldn't we?
Boy, I saw a stack, Cheryl, hand this morning that from the facts machine.
Incredible.
Seven nights letters.
757 7516 is at facts number 757 7516 for anybody and everybody except that any at Wendy, okay?
If Wendy still wants to write love letters to Steve, she's going to have to use, you know, like a postcard or 20 pages of state.
Well, now speaking of that, this will be of concern to Wendy.
She'll want to know this.
Oh, yeah, California State Senator has introduced a bill that would ban the electronic equivalent of junk mail unsolicited transmissions that tie up facts machines and waste rolls of expensive paper.
Which is what Wendy has been doing.
And they can put a trace on that thing just like they do on the phone.
Can they?
Oh, sure.
Find out where it's coming from.
Good.
Which, you know, I don't want to start getting into a big thing with Wendy, whoever she is, but we'd like to keep it open for more important things if she knows what I'm talking about.
All right, let's do a little break and we'll get the show started and get officially on a road here.
It's 10 p.m.
Get my regards to Neil Rogers telling that I've never heard of smuddy or program in my life.
21 past 10 at W I O D.
Now we have something that Sharon brought in that's going to just make new hair grow on your head.
You're not going to believe this.
Well, yeah, you could use it out time and me too.
It's a little book.
Okay, and it was written in 1922.
A little, in fact, look at the pages, man.
It looks like my dog got a hold of this.
And the name of the book is from the ballroom to hell, the lure of the dance.
Oh, and it's a how many pages this got about a 65 page book about the evils of dancing.
Okay.
And it's written by T a Faulkner.
And he's got a little handwritten note in the front of the book.
Now, this is legitimate.
Okay, it says this book is dedicated to the memory of Mr. T and the Helen Dale City Council.
What?
What?
Yeah, trust me.
Not the Mr. T that well, I wonder which Mr. T it could be.
Yeah, I wonder.
But anyway, here it is, T a Faulkner, a former dancing master, proprietor of the Los Angeles Dancing Academy,
and president of the Dancing Master's Association of the Pacific Coast.
And, oh, brother, it's just incredible about these satanic exhibitions of dancing.
And maybe we'll just read some of this later if things get a little bit slow.
Mm-hmm.
No.
It talks about how the dances start out very slowly and then they kind of accelerate into these horrendous, nasty satanic events, like dirty dancing?
Like dirty dancing.
I think that's probably, he was probably way ahead of his time.
We probably had that in mind.
Footloose is about that.
He says, I challenge you preachers in Sunday school superintendents who have it enough moral courage to display the danger signal and take a firm stand against the dance evil,
especially those of your number who themselves engage in this form of lustful pleasure, thus making you desire a desirable asset and direct ally of these vampires who keep the brothels replenished from your churches to societs of corruption, or allow them to be sewn in your midst.
And not just reap what you have sewn, rich, worldly fruit, pardon the expression, which will in time be plucked by the virtue of destroying monster prostitution.
What?
So I think that's probably good.
Maybe they can do on one of those TV tabloids shows.
We don't want to mention any names, but maybe on one of those big exposés.
Maybe a mori pupa could do one of the shows on the evils of dirty dancing, which leads to prostitution.
In fact, I understand Herado's got a show on that next Tuesday.
So we may have to read this on the air to try to save all of our wayward listeners in the audience.
Okay, let's give the numbers out and see if this audience is alive today.
I have my doubts in Dade County 751 W I O D. We have an open line there and in Broward 524 W I O D,
Bokin Del Rey 2789463 and in Palm Beach, which I think we went almost the entire show yesterday.
I could be wrong, but we didn't have too much to go in Palm Beach.
Now, maybe one or two from out of town, but that was about it.
655 W I O D 655 9463.
We got a mobile on five, but you notice Roger, I did not rush to the mobile because we got a bad lesson the other day about mobile callers.
Okay, even a cranks now call on mobile phones.
Hello.
I know.
Yeah, I'm glad that this pulled through for you, but I just got a feeling this guy isn't done, you know?
That he'll try something else later on.
Meaning what?
I don't know.
It just feels you'll never quit.
This didn't sound. Let's hear your horn, pal.
My horn?
Yeah.
All right, hold on.
Yeah, hold on.
That's what he did beep it.
How come it took him so long?
Little slow, pal.
If you're slow on a horn, man, you're finished on his show.
Okay, two open lines in Broward 524 9463.
524, now are they going to go through the same thing again that he did on Monday on the phone?
I don't know.
But you know, in my car, my horn's like right at my finger tips.
Yeah.
But it was a little slow on it, okay?
Maybe you had to reach over and hit the cassette deck or something.
I don't know what his story is.
Let's go to Sweetwater.
Hello.
Pay attention.
This quality call doesn't last too long.
Okay, well, most of them don't.
Back in Lady, you are at Deuteronaut.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Have a nice day.
Okay, thanks a lot.
He was right.
That was a really good call.
Two open lines in Dayton County, 751 WIOD 751 9463.
I'm really glad I took the time to go through that whole story about what took place yesterday
because it's obvious it's a listening a tremendous amount of comment and enthusiasm.
Like I said, the quick burnout of the audience has never been more evident
that it has been during these past four days now.
Man, it is just incredible.
It's like, oh, give us something, no.
Maybe we should try the case on the air, you know, the case with the officer who shot the,
I guess Steve did that yesterday.
Oh, geez.
Anyway, let's go to a mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
Never called you before.
I enjoy your show and you have my full support.
I have to give you a Canadian story about two months ago I'm driving northbound on the
Turnpike listening to your story and you just happen to be talking about French Canadian.
As I pass a trucker, there is a car backing up on the Turnpike.
I had to do a carry-away like Gaila Flour, so to speak, to avoid it and all I could see.
Gaila Flour?
Gaila Flour.
What's he, one of those hockey players who skate side saddle, sir?
Wasn't something like that.
Anywho, I had to do a abrupt turn as I was on two wheels doing a carry-away around this
French Canadian and so to speak, it was just ponderous.
Yeah.
Hell of a story, pal.
Hell of a story.
But at least it lasted long enough till I found the cart.
That's good.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Have a great day.
I'm out of material I tell you.
Man, it's hot.
You know when the call started, thanks a lot, pal.
We had really appreciated it.
You believe that?
By the way, if there are any Canadians left in town, we want to say it again.
We don't have any axe to grind with you.
We don't have any personal prejudice.
Just go back where you came from, okay?
Nothing personal.
We just don't want you here.
That's the bottom line.
Some idiot brought in a little Canadian flag.
Now he's not an idiot.
He's a nice Italian guy.
What was his name?
Vinny or something like that?
What's a nice Italian guy doing with a Canadian flag?
That's the question.
Miami.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
It's been a while since I've called.
But I got something interesting to tell you.
Well, I sure hope so because you'd be the first one.
I'll guarantee you that.
Okay.
Do you know the I-95 song?
Yeah.
I saw the guy singing live last night.
Oh, August Campbell or whatever's his name?
Have you met him?
No.
The guy's a nice guy.
The guy does a great version of it live.
I would think so.
I had no idea all the things.
He says, well, I'm going to do one of my songs here.
I want to say, come on, that's not your song.
I said, that's Neil's song.
No.
He says, no, that's mine.
Great.
Where was this?
This was at tobacco root.
Yeah, that's where he plays.
Yeah, about the musical.
He's here all the time.
Two o'clock in the morning.
That is his name, August Campbell.
I think so.
And he's signed, wait a minute, he's signed one to you.
I'll drop it off.
He signed your name to one of them.
Great.
One of his 45s.
Mm-hmm.
And that's about it.
And there's an idiot telling the morning
over at the other station.
Yes, sir.
You missed a couple great comments.
Somebody told them, you know, but what I called up,
the only good thing they said was, you're happy it's Thursday.
You know what those initials are, right?
Yes.
Okay, have a nice day.
Okay.
Get a life.
All right, 1028 at WIOD.
We have an open line in the day.
Things are starting to pick up just a little bit.
We don't expect too much here today, but get with it.
Will you please?
751-9463.
And a Palm Beach line, of course, is still as dead as a door nail,
which is comforting.
It's good to see that they're not getting overly distraught
in Palm Beach.
655 WIOD.
655-9463.
I guess they want to suck us into some kind of an on-year battle
with them over there at Zeta.
And we're delighted to give them all a publicity that they want.
We gave Joey all the publicity you could ever give anybody.
And of course, he's been off the air for about a year now.
And I don't know what to say.
I mean, just they show sucks.
That's the bottom line.
Capri just still, we think a good guy.
I'm afraid he's going to get pressured into joining that.
Yeah.
You know, when you're in the army, when you're in the army,
man, when you're in the military, they just pressure you in doing a lot of things.
They brainwash you.
And what they're doing to us, it's called baiting in the business.
Well, I understand the Colonel's a master at that baiting.
But that's another story for another show.
But anyway, they're just getting apoplectic.
Another not just attacking you, they're attacking me as well.
Of course, we're just a couple of washed up talk host.
Did you hear that with your own ears?
Yes, I did.
Wow.
Why haven't you listened?
Well, I had a radio accident.
Oh, did you?
Now, we had to report that to Metro that radio accident this morning.
There seemed to be so many of them in this town.
Yeah.
But well, that's good to know that we're just washed up.
Because I'm anxious today is the 16th and eight days.
It'll be the 24th a week from Friday, the new week from tomorrow's matter.
In fact, we trend will come out.
And I want to say this pubically, okay?
If the colonel breaks a two in the morning,
it will be one of the great miracles in the history of broadcasting.
Okay?
Because I don't think he's going to do it.
The trends will stand by them.
But they lost half of our morning show audience over there in six weeks.
Yeah.
Six weeks, they went from a five five to a two eight,
which I must commend them on that because it hasn't been duplicated very often on the history of the business.
I've never seen that.
I mean, generally, you can lose most of the audience, but it takes a while.
No.
But they like, it's like dropped off the face of the earth.
And I know we're washed up, but it's amazing that we're over here making all of this money
with these gigantic numbers and all these young demographics.
And they're over there sucking the big one at the Zeta.
Isn't that amazing?
Invy and jealousies, what I didn't give you.
No, come on.
Yes.
Invy and jealousies.
And they will take the mobile on the Palm Beach line.
I don't want to interrupt and hurry to do that.
Yes.
Really? Hello?
Are you doing, Neil?
Okay, I knew this is going to be a great call, sir.
It's going to be one.
I'm telling you right now.
How are you, Glenn?
Go ahead, sir.
I'd like to get out of your works, Glenn.
It's very...
Did you get that?
Very. Well, no wonder you interrupted me.
Yeah, I knew it was a great call.
I had a psychic thing on me.
How are you doing, Barry?
Good. You enjoy the award nominations?
A Rain Man is my pick.
Okay.
Nobody's talking about it at all.
Yeah, I got a...
He's upset because Pumpkin had didn't get it.
Yeah, I got to tell you something about the Hellendale situation.
Yes, sir.
You don't realize, but there were a lot of things going on behind the scenes on your behalf,
which resulted in the action that was ultimately taken.
Now, the only question I have to ask you is this.
If the end result is what you wanted to accomplish,
does it matter what means to accomplish that end results were utilized to get there?
Oh, absolutely.
When a mayor tried to do a DVS end run like that, I mean, you've got to understand
that would never have been accomplished if that little piece of information
hadn't slipped out to some of the reporters.
And if the city clerk hadn't had a little slip of the tongue,
I have a feeling that the illustrious mayor would have gone ahead on his own,
unbeknownst to anybody, and carried out with that plan.
That's just my feeling.
He might have done that, but I can assure you as a personal friend of the city attorney
that a lot of stuff were going on behind the scenes to end the fiasco.
Good.
And at least the end result was taken care of, and I hope you're glad that it wasn't.
Oh, I'm delirious.
I'm very pleased that it's taken care of because it's embarrassing.
It's silly, and it's also dangerous when people in government allow them.
So, you know, it's one thing when some douchebag out there, you know,
in the community who doesn't know any better, gets saccanned by someone who's trying to conduct a witch hunt.
But when people in government start jumping on the bandwagon
because they're hearing things that they like, and somebody's whispering a sweet nothings in their ear
that sound appealing, then you really got a dangerous situation.
Very, very pleased that the sainer minds prevail.
You're welcome.
Despite some of the outrageous statements and sediments coming out of there,
there were some sainer heads and cooler heads that ultimately prevailed after some cajoling over the telephone
by some friends of yours and glands, et cetera, that glad it worked out well for you.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
Take care, buddy.
Have a good day.
So long, Glenn.
Okay, well, we just broke a record for the week, ladies and gentlemen.
It's only 1032.
We already had a call on a Palm Beach line.
It was a good call.
It was a mobile, so we really have done it already.
We might as well go home, right?
Right, he just used that line because it was...
Because he could get right through.
And you can do that again.
It's the only open one now.
655 WIOD 655 9463.
You're not going to finish your sentence?
Oh, what was I saying?
That's what they asked Bundy to ask.
Anyway, I want to tell you about every VOD.
1037 at WIOD.
I want to tell you one thing.
And I said this all consistently during this week.
I have, since we've been here, which is what, 15 or 16 weeks,
I've never seen anything like this.
I mean, these people are like so out of it now.
It's like nothing that you tell them or nothing that's going on
is of any consequence.
When we went into the break, every line was let accept Palm Beach.
And I like three or four people are dropped off.
Okay?
So if you want us to go back to heavy topics,
we can bring in, we can do abortion today, all right?
We can do that for you.
In fact, the show is already turning into one.
So we'd be delighted to do that.
But I'm in shock at the way these people are.
It's like, wow, we did that other stuff last week.
What do you got for us this week?
Okay?
We're sick and tired of that.
Get us a new toy.
Two open lines in Broward, 524, WIOD, the Palm Beach lines,
I won't even dignify them by wasting my breath.
Okay, Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hi, Neil, how are you doing?
I'm not too share pal.
Well, I'd like to congratulate you on how it worked out.
Let me just tell you how.
I think those guys at Zade have got a real point.
You know what I think we're washed up?
I think it's getting ponderous.
The community's burned out again.
We've got to have something a little more shocking for them.
Okay? Like coming and doing the show in the nude like Geraldo,
or something like that.
I think we'll try that.
That would be shocking.
I haven't talked to you in three years.
I just got back to Florida.
I'm here on vacation.
I used to listen to you all the time.
You were the first talk show host I ever listened to.
And I went crazy trying to find you on the radio when I got here on Tuesday.
Called up WINZ.
What do you mean you went crazy trying to find it?
I mean, it's not that it's a great show, but it's not that important, is it?
Well, I enjoy it.
Well, that's great.
I enjoy a Rocky Road ice cream too, but I don't go crazy if I can't have it, you know?
Well, I called up WINZ.
We don't know who you're talking about.
We don't know who that is.
Oh, come on.
Yeah, they only listen every day.
Yeah, we want to say hi to all our friends over WINZ and Zeta.
Lasting.
Because we know that it's blasting all over the building there in the Carroll City.
We hope you have it a wonderful day.
And just wait till that book comes out, babe.
If you think you've hit rock bottom yet, just wait.
That's right here.
I called them at, you know, eight o'clock at night.
And they said, no, we've never heard of that person.
Yeah.
Well, at eight o'clock in the night, why didn't you call them during civilized hours?
Nancy, the receptionist is a good friend of ours.
She's a very nice lady.
And she would have been glad to tell you where I am.
But I get, I found out where you were from the weekly news.
Really?
Yeah.
One of those, huh?
One of those.
Okay.
Mm-hmm.
Try to straighten your wrist out, pal.
Well, we'll try.
But I'm glad everything worked out.
Is there anything we can do for you other than writing to your station?
Well, just writing those letters in support to my business is the important thing.
We want to, although I have my doubts, I mean, we've got a tremendous response.
Don't get me wrong.
But it's like it like Peter's out because you can't keep the attention of the people in this town
more than for a few days.
And then all of a sudden it's like onto, you know, bigger and better things.
Uh-huh.
You know, whatever happened to build calder?
He just got a job in New Orleans.
Oh, so he's out of the market.
Yeah.
Okay.
He's been out of the market.
I mean, he's been living here, but he's been out of the business for a year and a half.
So I'm very delighted they got a job.
Well, like I said, I have a bid here for three years.
Yeah.
Well, you got a lot of catching up to do, okay?
In fact, you need a score card to get a pencil with a bigger racer in a score card and we'll keep you posted.
Okay, great.
Okay, welcome back.
Thanks.
Five.
Ten forty at WIOD.
We have an opening in Broward now.
If you move like a snail, five two four WIOD.
Five two four nine four six three.
Now, really it's perplexing.
I, one thing I've always said and I continue to say it to you, I will never figure this town out.
I can never begin to understand what motivates you people out there because, you know, we could be in the middle.
They can have a hurricane surrounding the building.
I don't mean like one of the football players.
I mean, like a legitimate real hurricane.
And it would be like, well, this is exciting.
But how about the early bird at Comprehendex today?
What do you think they got today?
I mean, I just don't understand it.
I mentioned this the other day to about the difference between the people up north and the people in this state is there's no passion here.
I mean, when it comes to hating, they got a lot of passion.
But that's about the only thing they can whip up a good passion for is eight.
But like anything else, it's like, well, we don't want to be bothered.
We can't hear to get away from all of it.
You know, that kind of crap, okay?
God almighty, why not some of you people wake up and live already?
We have an opening in Boka 278 W I O D and Palm Beach goes without saying Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil. Hi, bird.
Hi. What do you sound so depressed for?
Oh, no, I'm not depressed. I don't work.
I don't work.
But you were young.
Bob Lasseter showed piped in from Tampa or something.
No, no.
I'm state of force that you were midday AM watched up.
Oh, I see.
I just watched up and met and I am.
I have what does that mean?
In other words, because they're on morning drive now with their ones, they're doing a big number.
Oh, he was very impressed with his morning show.
Well, that's I'm glad he the Colonel is because nobody else is.
I have yet to hear anybody call him say anything positive about that show.
Anybody. It's pretty annoying.
Even Capita when he calls sounds depressed.
At least he's catching a paycheck.
Yeah, that's true.
I have not much.
I have a couple things first.
I don't know if this is old news, but Geraldo Rivera.
His real name is Jerry Rivers.
And he used.
Geraldo Rivera to get into college under a minority program.
Good heavens.
I never heard that.
Where do you read this?
Inside information.
Inside story.
Inside edition.
Like outside.
The second thing was.
Well, I got a better one for that.
Okay.
And the real story is that he's Joan Rivers sister.
And he's going to be doing a show next Wednesday revealing it on the air proving to all America.
Okay.
Now that the Billy Titton story is out.
Geraldo's always got to do a little one-upsmanship.
Okay.
And it's not a true story, but over the weekend he's going to have a little operation.
Just like that broken nose.
Remember with the skinheads?
Now he's going to have a little operation over the weekend so he can outdo Billy Titton.
I mean, anything you can do, Geraldo can do better.
Which body part will he be?
Well, you'll have to guess.
The second thing was I live up in plantation and went into the, I have the same absurd cable company that you have.
Yeah, we don't want to mention continental cable right?
Right.
And I said, I want my Cubs, I want WGN.
And uh...
How long did it take before they stopped laughing?
Well, they turned to me and said, we have two superstations and that's all you're allowed.
W-O-R and W-T-P-S.
And I was like, well, get rid of them.
Yeah, get rid of T-V-S.
We don't want to see the braves.
Who now wants to see that?
Youthless.
And they could solve the problem by trading Dale Murphy to the Metz like they were going to.
Then we wouldn't have to worry about losing the braves.
Uh...
You have heard, by the way, it's serious.
I've mentioned to several times that Ted Turner is going to get even with a people who are pissed about him putting the black and white movies in color.
He's going to televised the braves in black and white this year.
Yeah, I don't get you.
That might dress up better.
Just to get even.
And they'll have two or three people watching the braves.
Now, in defense, he does have leave it to beaver now.
I think that should be on the record, don't you?
Is it colorized?
Yeah.
All except Tony Dow.
They don't want to get, they don't want to get a bite too excited.
Take care, have a good day.
Okay, have a great day.
We got quite a call on 8 now.
From Miami, we says that the other caller is wrong about Heraldo.
Is this a spy report, sir?
This is a spy report, Neil.
Okay, let us have it.
Um, Heraldo Rivera's real name is Heraldo Rivera.
Really?
Yeah, I got a guy that the friend of mine that worked for me last summer is his cousin.
Mm-hmm.
And what's his name?
Jury Rivera?
Jury Rivera.
Jury Rivera.
Jury Rivera.
Right.
No, the myth about Jerry Rivers was brought up by a guy that didn't like Heraldo and was trying to get back at him, you know, taking shots at him.
I can't imagine anybody not liking Heraldo.
Oh, I know.
It's something rare.
Other than the 240 million people live in this country, I can't imagine anybody disliking Heraldo.
Now, this is during the time of Heraldo's, um...
I want to tell you how much the government dislikes Heraldo.
So, do you realize that they're voting in Congress this week on whether to declare a national holiday on the anniversary of the day he got his nose broken on a TV show?
No, this is during the time of the, uh, the vaults when he screwed up the vaults.
Oh, yeah.
When people...
Al Capone's vaults.
You know that Henry Barrow is pretty ticked that he didn't get a shot at that bottle, by the way.
You know, people were taking shots at him left and right, and that was one of them.
One of the guys said that his name was really Jerry Rivers and he changed it to Heraldo Rivera so he could get it...
So, another guy just an ugly rumor.
Right.
Kind of like Heraldo.
Now, is that Ted Turner decolorizing Game Shows or what?
He's decolorizing the Braves.
He's decolor...oh, okay.
So, we've got a Braves game in black and white.
Yeah.
Anybody up there at Continental Cable who believes that we can't get WGN, boy, you're living in a dream world, all right?
You just don't want to give it to us because it'll cost you some bucks and you're just a bunch of douchebags up there, okay?
But I'm putting the satellite dish back up next month so don't worry about it, all right?
I'll give you all a...
We'll do a little segment on the show every day. I'll give you a little catch-all summary of the Cubs game.
You have a nail on the Braves, you're a black and white.
We're not going to be good.
Yeah.
When they were the Boston Braves.
Right. That's, you know, when TV was black and white.
Yeah.
So, if Ted Turner decolorizes the Braves game...
When Warren Spawn was pitching.
Well, listen, have a great day, pal.
You ran out of material a long time ago, but thanks for the inside information.
We have an open-line in Palm Beach.
We have had two calls on the Palm Beach line already this hour, which is pretty damn frightening.
Okay, it's 1047 Palm Beach.
It's open just in case a miracle might strike.
655-9463-655-WIOD.
I want to tell you about the...
1051-WIOD.
What are we up to now?
Look at that riches pants are falling off.
Yeah.
Almost 50 pounds.
I've never seen...
50 pounds.
Look at that guy.
Unbelievable.
Thank you, pal.
Okay, well, that's good. We're on our best behavior.
He even brought in one of those mixing things.
I had my tomato soup, my neutral system before I came on the air.
And that thing mixes it up with...
This man is just...
He's amazing.
Unbelievable.
Beyond description. Here's a mobile in date. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
How you doing, Glenn?
Okay.
This is Richard Vega again.
Richard.
Hey, how you doing, Rich?
Showing fine.
Okay, how's everybody else doing?
Everybody's doing wonderful.
How they doing over in Carroll City?
I don't know. I haven't been by there in a while.
Really?
Well, you ought to stop by and understand they're really depressed.
Well, after the book, I can imagine.
Wait till next Friday, boy.
First of all, I like the qualifications to get on.
If you say you're in a mobile, you have to be for Roger.
I like that. That's good.
Yeah.
Well, we've had a lot of goofballs try to be mobile lately.
And Roger wants to do it.
I agree. Well, I'm in a mobile.
There you go.
Yeah.
I just had a comment because of everything that's been going on.
And it'll be with you and everything.
And having made 400 copies of your show for 400 different attorneys and whatsoever.
Oh, that's right.
The end result is nothing.
You're still on the air.
You're still doing the same thing.
You know, first of all, I think you guys are the greatest.
Well, you're right, Rich.
And he supports that I can give you guys.
Believe me.
I'll be there.
Well, we appreciate it.
You know, it's interesting.
You were there, weren't you?
When we had that resolution from Alan Dale the first time.
Yes, I had to make 400 copies of your show.
And when Norm can't read me that resolution yesterday, I had forgotten what it was.
But it's the most convoluted bunch of garbage I've ever heard in my life.
And it just a lot of meandering BS that says nothing.
And it doesn't even mention the colliders, but it says a station.
And of course, they met INZ at that time.
Yeah.
So maybe if they want to go after somebody, I say this only jokingly.
Maybe they ought to go after INZ's license, all the way.
I think they've already got some ahead of them.
Well, like I said, I just, it's ridiculous.
Because, you know, so many lawsuits and this and that and the other.
You guys are still on the air.
It's just they're wasting their time.
You know, you know, and I just want to give you guys my support.
You guys are the greatest and anything I could do,
you guys can count on me for sure.
Thanks a lot, Rich.
Park to you guys later.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
1053 at WIOD.
We have an opening in Broward now where somebody just expired.
As he said, that probably Alan Dale called 10, a 524-9463-524WIOD.
The amazing thing of it is, Helen Dale, we've had a couple of letters that I've gotten myself.
I don't know what my business is getting in terms of mail from Helen Dale.
But like almost nothing on the phone.
Have you noticed that?
Since this thing has started, we've had a couple of the old Farts who try to get through and disguise their voice.
You know the heavy mouth readers?
But other than that, they've been real quiet.
Of course, they couldn't be listening, right?
Oh, no.
No.
And it's rude to call when your teeth are in a glass anyway.
Kendall, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
First time caller.
Well, I'll be damned.
I tried to get through yesterday and tell them my greyhounds.
Yeah.
Like they did and I got cut off, but that's the side point.
What do you mean you got cut off?
I don't know.
I was on and got cut off.
You mean you were on hold?
Yeah.
Well, today's your lucky day, pal.
It's time's a waste.
When I was in high school, I worked for a vet.
And I adopted a racing greyhound that he had.
Yeah.
And the tracks used to donate to that greyhounds for blood donors.
When they have operations or anything, they would take blood from the greyhounds.
Why is that?
Because they were respectable.
Rather than get...
Oh, I see.
I got you.
One other thing.
I was at a basketball game.
Come on.
Well, can before you go on about the basketball game, I hope that somebody will call in,
because I was serious when I said yesterday, I'd really like to get involved
with being able to give some information out on a regular basis
as to where people can adopt those dogs, because they just...
They get rid of so many of them in the most brutal way.
And they just...
You know, it's like a game with these people.
They just breed them.
And then if they can't race or if they get too old to race, they just destroy them.
Well, they do, I think if you contact the owners or trainers,
you know, once they get too old to race,
they're not any value to them anymore.
Well, isn't that wonderful?
Yes.
But that dog had it for about a year.
A little bit too hyper.
Okay, moving right along.
Okay, I've had a basketball game, because my son's basketball game,
my wife was next to me, had a friend of mine who was an FBI agent on the other side.
My wife said something to me and I went,
Eh, eh, eh, she just told me to do that.
And my FBI agent said,
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, well, what was that?
The FBI agents know me real well, because they've been investigating me for so long now.
They really know me inside and out.
All right, I'm out of business here.
Well, that's obvious.
Have a great day.
1056 and WIOD.
Two open lines are both in date.
751-9463-751-WIOD-North Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, John.
Two quick things.
Don't feed you dog bones.
Yeah, we already covered that yesterday.
I know, I'm telling you.
Because they got to get to the car.
By the way, my dog is just fine.
He's doing great.
He's tremendous.
Oh, great.
In fact, he's so healthy that, believe me,
I could probably fertilize 10 yards in my neighborhood.
That's good.
But because I got four straights, I just picked up them in the streets.
People hit with cars and left.
And now they're great dogs.
They don't all have to be had titles or anything.
And the second thing was, you know how you're talking yesterday about your trips to
Barch Vegas and Hawaii?
Yeah.
Maybe if they invited Rosenberg in this lawyer, they wouldn't feel so left out.
Well, there, I'd probably be trolling for sex again if I invited Sonny.
He's a pretty sexual guy.
Well, maybe not.
Maybe it's just our greats.
Yeah.
Well, they were getting confused now.
They weren't the ones that concerned about that.
They're concerned about our alleged bashing of seniors in Halendale, okay?
It is our attorney friend in the Gables who's concerned about the alleged trolling for boys on the air.
Where they are just grasping at the straw.
That is, or grasping at something that's the right.
Okay, you have a good one.
1057 at WIOD, but we got some really terminal calls this hour.
We have an open line.
No, we don't.
There it goes.
Finally, they're getting with it.
Just as we're getting ready to do the news, okay?
And watch, when we come back after the news, most of them will be gone.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
How are you doing?
Great.
Great.
Did you see the new billboard?
Which one?
It's on Sterling and State Road 7.
What is it?
A Joey Reynolds billboard?
No, it's for you.
The O' Rogers.
10 to 2.
No.
It's pretty nice.
Are you serious?
I'm serious.
No, bad.
He's shocking for this company to actually fork out the bucks for a billboard.
Now, they must be getting emotional.
It's a good one, too.
You got it?
Is Disney on doggy uppers now or something?
What's going on in there?
Where is it again?
It's on Sterling and State Road 7.
441.
Well, that's right near my mother's.
I'll be damned.
I'll have to have her go over there and investigate, okay?
Yeah, I just wanted to let you know about it.
Well, thanks a million.
Bye.
All right, shocker.
Oh, we got a fake mobile on, too.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, yeah, let's hear that horn, sir.
Horn.
Oh, my God.
You got heavy.
That's great.
How's it going?
Oh, it's going.
Okay.
What do you got like a ship to shore?
Yeah.
That's great.
This one was a boat horn.
Uh-huh.
So what can we do, you four, sir?
Well, I just said this was kind of worried about just having to beat for the mobile calls,
because somebody can shoot you.
Yeah.
Well, that's true.
We want you to be real quietly.
Okay.
This is one of the only pounds in America where you can't hog your horn for fear of losing your life.
That's right here in Miami, especially.
Yeah.
You're doing a great job, Neil.
That's correct.
Love the show.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Bye.
I guess you didn't want to run up a big bill on that ship to shore or whatever the hell I was.
All right.
We have an open line today.
We're going to take a picture of the board during the news.
So let's make sure we have it all filled up.
There it goes.
Boy, these people are really getting with it, aren't they?
Fine.
And we actually have a note here on the, uh, Helen Dale situation from the Fax machine.
Boy, these people have slowed down to a walk the last couple of days, haven't they?
Hmm.
Here's that Fax number again, 757 7516.
If we have any more spy reports about what's going on in Carroll City over at the 207th Drive, would you like that to up the mystery fact?
The mystery factor over there wants to give us a chapter three and the ongoing saga of what's happening with Rose Folger and his band of Mary douchebags.
We sure like to have that.
We're waiting.
Okay. Well, anyway, we're going to pause for the news. Henry is on the floor in the newsroom now.
And of course, by this time in the morning, he's generally over there kind of like passed out after tasting some of those recipes.
Mm hmm. That Henry drinks every morning.
Anyway, he's got the 11 o'clock report. We'll come back with our number two at 11 o' five. Steve, let's see. Do we have a thing?
Let me check it out. All that's right. Wall Street psychic Deborah Lynch who predicted the October crash two years ago.
Uh, and the main green who isn't psychic, but sometimes a little psychotic.
They're going to be out with Steve at two this afternoon.
Well, you know, we have a lot of people here.
Well, the TV people are here. We have always that what it is. Yeah, we got people here from Channel seven.
Oh, yeah. We better put on a really impressive performance.
Or else. And of course, based on those callers in the first hour, in fact, the reporters in a coma here already said, I'm getting carried away.
Bokeh, hello. Yeah, how you doing? Hey, we're doing it, pal. Good. Hey, it's kind of ironic that the people from Channel seven out there because I want to tell you about.
Have you watched the OCD? I don't I hate that show. Sorry, although he does have Bobby McFarron on tonight.
And the people in Channel four are pretty pissed about it too, by the way.
It's what he Bobby McFarron. Don't worry. Be happy. You're forgotten already. You're out of this boy. You are really. I told you people in this town got a short memory.
Anyways, Olympia Ticacos was on the other night. And she asked him about his name. And he said it's Greek for Leroy.
I'll be honest with you. He looks more like Leroy to me than he does our signal must be honest with him.
All right. How you doing, bird? Okay. You weathering the storm. What storms that? Oh, this one? Yeah. Sure.
They can't turn it off. That's right. It is amazing that the audience seems to have reached the point of being totally oblivious about any of this.
Did you hear the beginning of the show? Yeah. Did you hear my little rundown of what happened yesterday with the sunny Rosenberg and our friends in Halendell?
It's like such a scam. Yeah. And it's just it's amazing to me. You know, I go through that 15 or 20 minutes course.
The audience doesn't want to break their usual pattern. And that is that no matter what I talk about the beginning of the show, they avoid like to play.
They don't want to shock me by responding to anything that I say. Well, that reminds me of that great old story. Got any Feldeen, by the way?
He takes it. He go ranting and raving. He gets on the bottom. Yeah. That's a great story. I mean, these people that think that talk shows are going to change anything in this town. They're in a dream world.
I mean, the people of King here are they're walking vegetables. They're the walking dead. Here I bring. I got it. I hate to do this, but I got to take 20 seconds to tell that again.
I bring on this doctor, this physician who's practice has been destroyed. His family life is just about been destroyed because of his cocaine addiction.
He gets himself straightened out. He makes this miraculous comeback. He tells this this traumatic story. And we go to the phones in the first caller is some 900 year old bag saying,
Hello, doctor. Can you tell me about Feldeen? I'm on Feldeen. That's this town. You're in a nutshell. Trust me.
I'm on a rages public story. My wife is there in line. And there's this lady buying about 50 cans or little bottles of baby food. She's got a little toddler, just an infant, like six months old, and another little one there.
These old farts are behind her going, hurry up. My wife goes and helps this lady get all these little baby food bottles on the belt. And they're bitching and kissing and mowing the whole time.
So my wife leaves her gets done with the baby food and the lady. They take off. She sets her purse right by the cash register there and the flow of lady is going,
Oh, it's purses. It's purses. My wife turns around and says, you don't look like thieves. It's all right. The old lady. You never know. My wife says, you know, you do look like thieves. Grats are person takes off. But it's just bitter. Yeah. Old, nasty bitter hostile. They want to share it with everybody else. The state slogan in Florida ought to be misery loves company. Believe me. All right.
Let's have a wonderful life. And in closing, see you later nine minutes after 11 at W I O D the Boka Del Ray line is available for those of you under the age of 400 278 9463 somebody just dropped off and brought also boy, it's their coast. It's really like touch and go. Yeah.
I had a weird thing happen to me this morning. I went over to see her man in the bean. That's pretty weird. Yeah. And they do and their usual dirty stuff over there. You bet.
And they gave me these this bag of potato chips and asked me to take a chip out of it. And the potato chips were called black black potato chips. Have you ever heard of such a thing? No.
So I did taste one. Believe it or not. And it's I still have the taste in my mouth. You know, here an hour and a half later. Yeah. Some water. Do you think maybe someone could call in and give me some feedback? Those were those were rescued from the Orion. By the way,
the cello. Yes, sir. Man, you're going to trouble hell and do or whatever this is. Yeah. Well, I'm having a lot of you're having problems. There no question about that. My name is Lieutenant,
Permanent Lee Con. I've been a member of the fire department for about 10 years. And I was critically injured on the job. Fighting a fire in a single family home.
I got 75% loss of lung function. And I've been out of work since 19. How many more of these can try to call what is this supposed to be in Halondale?
Halondale. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Have a good life. Sir. We have an open line in day 751 W I. Did you notice that name? He's kept in Fung Young hung.
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean yeah, yeah, yeah I mean love of, oh yeah, yeah, yeah Love how to use body,贪 idea. Love how to find word development separately
Little captain, stay behind the fence, the distance of my life
The bird long for what it's worth
I'm just a little bit scared to see you
See you soon, see you soon
See you soon, see you soon
Near with you, I look into the more cash
And all the world it seems
I'm the king, the host of a brand new show
Feet can accept the time I'm in the mood
I want you to care and want you to know
That day was complete without me
And I was a ghost, and he was cool
And all the old queen blew a kiss
Everybody loved the old lady
We're just here and here and here and here
Near with you, I look into the big base town
The big was fresh from how and they all were split
So far the final love was fresh
And this time in the big of things from all
The blue hairs never liked this song
A hush, a little bubble from the river
I'm just here and here and here and here
And all the old queen blew a kiss
And all the dark and fudge between groups
And see now we're being a few hands you
Throw some in a sense, drop your bowl
Very few, the hot deep veins
And the crowd gathered, became our name
The resolution leaned into hand
And you too, in a wonder of my heart
You just not meant to be a such
You just lost the mind in a homo-fluffy rage
The count no cause of the fear
The crowd came out mostly for me
And you're the leading three to a halt
And no point in being a thief
The resolution leaned into hand
But I asked who really came
And me no one said to me
And I quote
He said, what was the lurk and all his gang
She don't really mean a thing
Me and I know far it's just a small mind
The only thing I can do is to get a good one
And to get a good one
And to get a good one
And to get a good one
And to get a good one
And to get a good one
And to get a good one
And to get a good one
And to get a good one
Number one with two bullets already
It's 1140 at WI-O-D
We have two open line
It's in Dade County 751-9463-751-WI-O-D
Del Rey, hello
How's it going, Leo?
Okay
That's firing the cold earlier
Yeah
Okay, he's full of B.S.
Because I know that voice
Well, listen, I don't want to get into it
I'm not going to get sucked into one of these deals
Where we get one of these phony calls
Or even if it's a real call
If they got a grievance with the city of Hallendale
We don't do that kind of a show, okay?
Like I said, you know, we're doing our best to put all of that in the past
And we'll play the sad tire like the thing we just played
But I'm not looking for an ongoing war
Or people that, you know, use their beefs with the city on this show
Yeah, he has no beef, so he calls up the people
Do you hear what I just said, sir?
Are your ears not being penetrated?
Not me, what you say?
Yeah
Moving right along
Okay, that's the end of there he goes
So he had nothing to say
Mm-hmm
Well, this is great
The possibility sent over along with that pasta that you're eating
Mm-hmm
It's good
And over some, a great salad, a huge salad
That Rich is eating like out of a trough
But anyway, there's nothing here, there's like lettuce
And there's red cabbage
And broccoli
And tomatoes, it's great
And some of us aren't even putting any dressing on it, are we Rich?
Now let's say, oh here's a description of what they sent it says
Some low-cal attempted bringing food over hope you can taste everything
Well, I'm not having the pasta guys, but we appreciate it
It's a healthy salad, assorted filled greens with fresh steamed veggies, marinated artichoke hearts, hearts of palm, plum tomatoes, and fresh margarum
Mm-hmm
My favorite
And the tortellini basilica is what you had called pasta salad
And Rich, fresh plum tomato and basil sauce assorted feta chinis, et cetera, et cetera
It's great possibilities, they're super folks, and they're on the 17th Street Causeway in Fort Lauderdale, okay?
Okay, and we're doing very well
Rich and I are just sticking with the little bit of the salad here and not going crazy, okay?
And tomorrow, I just mentioned this in passing, because I'm not going to have any of it
But the boon is coming from Siam's doll with Thai food tomorrow
So you folks, they're from the TV, you can see it's a little bit difficult to stay on a diet with all the food that comes in every day
But we're doing our best
West Palm Beach, hello
Hey Neil, how are you, buddy?
Okay pal
Good, got it
What's up dude?
What do you think of the Adrian Dentley Market Wire trade?
I don't, I'm don't pay any attention to that
You don't fall back a long time?
No, only during the playoffs
There's a major trade, not from Detroit, and I was disappointed with it
Really?
You're from Detroit?
I sure am
Well, let's put the MNS a little bit about Detroit and one in Chop House that just closed up
Yeah
That'll get to the bird up sent
I was up at my hashbash up there in Arbor, your spurious cup, fears back
Got a funny story for you, I was up there for a funeral
And uh...
Oh, that's pretty funny
The two uncles of the deceased
We're up on the front carrying the casket
And it was icy and snowy and was pretty bad
Oh, no, I'm telling you they slipped and fell in and opened up and the stiff fell out
You're not going to tell me that
Yeah, the stuff is just fell out
Oh, come on
The casket fell into the...
Went through a RX drugstore
It's maxed to the glass
Well, but it was good that it went through the drugstore
Because if anybody inside got cut up or anything they could probably get something in the pharmacy right away
Well, listen, the dead body smacked into the pharmacy department
The diver stood up and said, hey, you guys think they can stop this coffin?
Yeah, that's cute
Um...
Now, I have a story here that goes right along the door
That's real cute, okay
I've been wanting to kind of sit with you, you know what I mean? Like a bad meal
I've been holding this for two hours and finally it's time to let go of it
Now, do you see the headline?
Wrong woman in casket?
Who is the headline?
Now, let me just read this to you, sir
The mourners remarked to say, get the drown Helen Mahaney's casket that death had...
Helen died?
That death had turned out it was really Eleanor Roosevelt inside
That's right, okay
They said that death had changed her, she didn't look like the same woman they thought
Well, just what? She wasn't
The funeral home had prepared two bodies for burial, 90-year-old Mahoney and 93-year-old Margaret Manning
The body was working the right dress holding the right prayer book
But the woman whom family and friends had gathered to mourn was lying after the funeral
And like Elvis's funeral, wasn't it?
What? What else?
Now, when are you guys going to do a show on Elvis being alive? Aren't you going to do that soon?
Never
Now, I'm talking about the TV people here from seven
Because that's a... I've read all the books on that and that's fascinating
The people who were there at the funeral said that when they viewed the body in a casket
It didn't look anything like him and then there are those people who said that it was a wax dummy
And that they had a refrigeration unit in the bottom to keep it from melting
And that there were two pepperoni and cheese pizzas underneath the casket too
Well, Helen had bluish hair and Ellen or had bluish green hair
Bluish? Oh, I don't know what to say, let's tell them apart
Yeah, you're right
Neil, when it comes to the gentleman that was harassing you about taking those boys on the trip and all that
Calm supplies, it took him that long
Because when you get some of these gentlemen and old ladies who are so overly conservative
And here's the fun comments you make about boys and you know, I'm surprised it took him that long to hurt
Well, I'm going to say something that I've always said and that it doesn't cost anything to look
Okay, and if there are no seriously, you know, but this is when times the past they know that you haven't just looked
Really? Like who?
I don't know
Anybody we know?
I'm sure, sometime in your past
No, wrong, sir
How old are we talking about, sir?
45, 50, 60, 25 and under
25 and under is boys?
Yeah, we talk about an older gentleman, yeah
If it was a 25-rounder girl, I would harass you
Yeah, okay, well let me say this to you, sir, I confess, okay?
Hey, I got my boss, my told me I was on hold, went and talked to you
He described you and I don't feel to you this way, but he described you
He was, oh, you mean that real foul fat gay guy?
Yeah, this is a great call, sir
Any other shots you like?
Yeah, I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
I always like it
Now is he have to be like 72
Trust me I'm not
I don't give him right now pal
I go up to win more
I'm no no I don't and I'm telling you
They would be just dying for you
Oh right
I'll look at the differences
I never felt like it
It's hard to say to talk over
Solidarity
Improved
That's not exciting. Well, I'm really that's a moving experience for me. It's 1147 a WIO deal 1151 at WIO D
Boyd at last guy. That was incredible wasn't it?
When it's 28 and he said that if he had like a little encounter with a 19 year old young lady
that he would get in trouble, I thought 18 was the legal age. And the state of Florida 17 is the age of consent.
But they came to be safe. I mean, 18 and adults. Yeah. 17 is the age of consent.
But you must understand that there are 19 year olds, both boys and girls who are like 10 years old
and they're 19 year olds who are like 40 as far as maturity. Oh yeah. Oh,
question. But when a 28 year old guy, now what see I should have kept him on for a while.
I didn't want to really explore it because I was afraid that he was on his way really to win more.
But what does he think is an adequate age? I mean beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.
Isn't it? Isn't it? Or is my mother used to say beauty is in the eyes of the beholder?
Now adopt the great house. This is no, I made that up.
Adopt the great house. Lonnie Altman known as Uncle Lonnie is an insurance agent.
And it is not a fake. The number is 769 0000.
That's Adopt the great house. So there are people out there that would like to adopt a doorg
a call Uncle Lonnie. Oh, the one you think they'd want to use that number to do business?
You would think. But maybe that's maybe Lonnie then have a lot of business. I don't know.
769 0000. See Sharon acted like she was confused as to why I thought that was a bogus number.
But it is a little unusual, isn't it? To me it is. Yeah. 769 400 is okay. So if you want to adopt
a Greyhound. And if there's any other Greyhound people, that guy that called about regap in St. Pete.
I mean, I'm glad to know about that organization. But if he really believes that I'm going to believe
that they're not doing a number on those Greyhounds and good luck to him. Roger left me something
very useful. It's called video dog. The world's easiest pet. It's on videotape. It's like
having your own dog, but you don't have to clean up after it's you just have it on your VCR.
So I'm going to take that home and show it to the puppies. They'll probably go nuts. They'll love it.
It'll be their favorite. I think that bone, no, probably like clean something out of the system in that
we don't have any. I really do. In the Golden Retriever. Because that dog now is like come to life.
Because the first few days we had it was like had a cold and it was not just not feeling all that
well, but it's got so much energy now like an elephant. Well, I'm not going to try it. And it does
other things like an elephant too. I don't want to get too graphic. I got news for you, man. When
that dog gets full size, I'm going to have to rent like an outdoor auditorium or something like the
orange bull. Wow. Well, I'm not going to try the same method on me and see if it brings, you know,
gives me energy or anything. I'll just let it go.
We said it brought the new. Now I just want to mention I just want to tell you this upfront.
Because this is going to be the people that were just here disrupting the show there from inside
edition. Is that the name of the inside story? Yeah. Inside story, which is on channel seven.
And that's going to be on sometime next week. We'll let you know when it's going to be a real
razor blade job. I just know that because they were just too friendly. It's going to be a slice
but it'll be on and that's all it counts. It's good publicity. Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Uh, yes. Uh, Neil and Rich, I'm a first time caller. I don't normally listen to you.
Neil and Rich. Yeah. Oh, okay. Huh. How you doing, Rich? Yeah. He said, okay.
He said hello. Hello. Okay. You guys really converted me. I just got a couple of comments to make.
Why do I get the feeling that this call is going to be something bizarre? Go ahead.
Uh, I don't think so. Just hang in there. Okay. I'm. First of all, I'm 35 years old and, uh,
just making a comment about the last guys call. I thoroughly enjoy having sex with a 19 year old female.
Okay. Great. Any red blooded American real man would. All right. Okay. Now comment about these
old forces. I guess that leaves me out. Well, this is a real man's call. Yeah. This I told you,
the macho call. There you go. Okay. Now these, these old forces jam up our roads top by traffic and have this
overwhelming design. Land on the horns. As soon as the light turns green, I mean, even if they're
the 15 to 20th car traffic, okay. Here's a cure for only portable butane both horns. Nothing quite.
1155 at W I O D. God. We have an open line in, um,
I just do four 9463. I just mentioned in passing that that last call that was for Neil and Rich.
Uh, I had nothing to do with that. And I dumped it. Yeah. I had nothing to do with that call.
I'm up. Listen to pal. We'll see you around the old horn up in pohokie. Okay. Wow. Here's a
caller for the bird. Hello. Uh, let me mention one thing first that Royal Orbison song. Yeah.
It rings back memories because the first time I listened to Royal Orbison was probably on F. E.
M. And it still sounds just as bad on a. M. It's a lie. I am not a not seat. Uh,
grand. Was he ever on F. You know, no, no, you're not Q. M. Yeah. Uh,
grand. I'm going up to plant city for the strawberry festival. Good heavens. That's my favorite. You know,
plant city. Oh, I figured I'd eke and things out a little bit.
Neil got a call from our state and the last guy from Detroit. Thank God. Do you want me to bring you
back some strawberries? I would just jump through hoops if you could do that. They have the best
strawberry. Both are with you too. They have the best strawberries in the country. It's a
very capital. Absolutely. You'll discover they're the best. Uh, that would be wonderful.
Well, one thing about char hut that I love now they close the one that I used to go to is on
seven Avenue and 183rd. Yeah. Uh, if you can see them preparing it, I had a friend. He's the
bucket burger. And he'd be back there. Fripping burgers and he told me that when he started,
Oh, I don't say it, sir. Don't say it. I know what you're going to say. Don't say it.
You would take the box. Don't say it. Don't say it. Have a nice day. That was sufficient.
I think that was enough. 1157 at W. I. But we're I almost had to, um, you know,
they're getting a little carried away here today. Little ram bunches now, aren't you? You're not
responding anything that I'm talking about, but you're all getting real ram bunches. Well,
that's good. That's that's the first sign of being alive, baby, when you start getting little
ram bunches. That's right. And then a few hours after that, you start breathing, which is really good.
Here's a mobile and Broward. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing?
We're doing great, pal. How's it going? Hey, I was listening to, uh, Ron Harrison and I
and Zika, they like his sports reports. Do you? Yeah. Yeah. He really knows those sports, man.
Mostly water sports. Oh, well, let's make it into that. Anyway, he was doing the Toyota commercial for
Hollywood Toyota. And he said, well, I guess you were talking about the turbo. And he said, I guess
you've heard Neil and Kane and those guys at the other station, they're driving them and they just
love them. So that was part of the commercial. That what he said? Yes, sir. That run. I always
like Ron a lot. And then when he's a good guy, he is. In fact, he's one of the, they're a handful of
people over there who are great folks. And I wish him luck that he'd get out of their boys.
Like a prisoner. He's been trying to get out of there for a long time. Yeah, I only could have
been just to listen to his sports section. I don't want to get them in trouble or anything,
but he's been desperate to get out of there for he has really. Oh, yeah. I think he's a real
good talent. He's a great guy. He knows nothing about sports, but he admits it. And, uh, also wanted
to mention that my daughter dates a guy that works for O'Donnell Kennel. He, uh, races gray hounds.
Yeah. And she listens to your show and she called me up and she said that guy that called up. He's
just full of it because what we were talking about putting the dogs down that happens all the time.
I know it does. I've seen, I've seen stories like the exposés on television about that.
And he said, she told me it does happen, dad. And I see it happen myself. And I just can't take it.
Well, that guy's obviously inside the industry and is trying to clean up the image. You know,
doesn't want the public to know what really goes on. If they, yeah, it's, it's really a disgrace.
Oh, for sure. Also, I called you when you were in your I and Z days. Yeah, I got 20 seconds.
Okay. No, I'm the guy that used to manage the burger king over there on sunny
aisles on Collins and 187 street. Yeah. And I'm the one that called the police on the old
parts that were. Oh, yeah. Congratulations. The fact that that guy is flipping in the kitchen right now.
I think I have a great day. Take it easy. Okay. Uh, April,
or the misunderstanding by with the new news now. And then we'll come back at the 12.
Oh, five Steve this afternoon with the Wall Street psychotics.
