Well, there's off again. He'll probably be back at WS News.
Right, Robert?
Right.
So what's going on? You have a good new year?
Yeah.
You going to the track tomorrow?
No, I think I get to... I want to...
Well, I bet you they're racing today.
Let me see the sports section. I bet you because it's a holiday. I bet you they're racing today at Colter.
Well, I can't really go. I think my grandpa is a lot really good. So I usually go with him.
Yeah.
And what happened?
Um...
I still lost everything I'll do I have.
You lost it all, huh?
Yeah.
Well, that should teach you a good lesson, Robert. I noticed that there were five winners in the lottery that Rebecca Paul, boys.
She's got a great sense of humor, doesn't she?
You notice those numbers she came up with?
20, 30, 40, and if there would have been a 50, she would have used that, but they came up with 49 because that's the last number there, right?
Who the hell are they kidding?
I notice it's about 15, that...
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm going to bet 50 and 60 next week.
Okay, Robert, well, I wish you good luck, okay?
Right.
Bye.
Now, I don't think they are running today. Although Pompa Dopark is offering free grandstand admission to children 17 and under, beginning with tonight's program.
They're also doing something else tonight.
Um...
And I don't know, I can't remember what it is.
In December, Pompa Dopark announced a senior citizen policy that provides grandstand admission and reserve seat for 75 cents for patrons 55 plus.
Wow.
I'm not saying a word about that.
I've been shocked, but no, there haven't something special I think tonight at Pompa Dopark, and we should have some information here because they're starting on a show very, very soon.
But, uh, it's free.
I shouldn't say it should, unless I'm sure. I think it's free admission for everybody to all levels of the track tonight.
That sounds right.
But they're starting on a regular basis free grandstand admission to children 17 and under, every night starting tonight.
Which is about time that the pyramuchal started really getting into this family bill, right, getting some younger blood out there at the track.
1032 at WIOD, now what were you saying about upstate New York?
I'm, um, now I'm talking about like July or August.
It's when I'm talking.
Definitely the time to go up. Preferably in August.
That's when I'm talking about like August. I'm going to go up there, and I'm going to go to all these places that I have heard endlessly, you know, said over and over and over.
And you know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to have my picture taken in front of these places.
Great.
Why you're up there, by the way, why not go over to Niagara Falls? It's right nearby, right by Buffalo.
Uh-huh.
And they can cross over. Be sure and take your order.
You go over to Niagara Falls on Tariots.
I'll rip it off.
Get ripped off.
Real bad. You can go to the wax museum and you can go at all those tourist traps over there and get ripped off.
The worst in the history of mankind.
I think I have plenty to do, you know, with Don and Bob's and everything.
Yeah. You're right.
You know, and you want to get a sub, but what's that place in Buffalo where they got the subs?
You'll figure all this out and write it down for me.
And so I have a list when I go up there.
The main street, there's that great place where they have those subs.
You remember.
In fact, uh, Nemo's, remember Nemo's roast cheese?
Sure. And I think it is.
I think it is.
I think it is somehow related to this someplace, and I can't think of the name. Somebody you'll call in.
Mm-hmm.
See, you've probably inspired a lot of upstate New York calls already.
No, that's not the purpose.
Which is exactly what we want of my comments.
1034 at WIOD.
The Palm Beach Line is available.
We just mentioned that in passing,
655-9463-655-WIOD.
And when we come back after a gale,
oh, gale is here answering the musical question in the newsroom is gale bright.
And after we do the headlines in his little break,
I think we ought to do some carpenters, don't you?
We'll play that one that we got cute up.
I brought in not one, but two albums.
Because I was positive that everybody would have seen that movie last night.
This happens to me all the time.
I will watch something on Network TV, which is a rarity for me other than sports.
And come in and talk about it and get all enthused,
and nobody will have seen it.
I don't know why they do this to you.
Yeah, they do this to you all the time.
They're pretty ponderous, you know?
Anyway, I'm sure gale probably saw it has a couple of comments to make during the news.
It's 1034 at WIOD.
Oh, 1038 at WIOD.
Are we going to play that record?
Are you going to talk it up?
No.
Oh.
Well.
Back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGVA.
Here again, America's youngest dog, chill host, six-year-old Neil Rogers.
Okay, I guess we're done with Neil.
And there's four minutes left in the hour.
Who wants to take some calls?
Only. Hello.
There's Neil. How's it going?
Great.
That's good.
Well, so I can't film my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle.
Of the Google's DNC.
What an abortion that people are.
Then I asked how many other people did lifeline,
and they said, no, my business.
Yeah, well, they're real nice over there.
Okay, well, I just thought I'd let you know.
You're a fine American.
Have a nice life.
Well, hello.
I want to speak to Neil.
You got him.
Am I on?
Yes.
Neil.
You know.
Neil, you're a stinky pink-alglucinif and bedwaters at a pansy.
By call.
This is day so far.
Did he say pansy?
I don't think he'd get off.
What a mung-brain.
I run my bike 30 miles every Saturday to the list show.
And this guy calls me names.
She's my newtor.
She's on you.
By the way, have you seen some of those bad boys at the new AMP?
No one are you cacking about A.
This is my car.
A million producers in the world.
And they fix me in here with some A.
Shit is my car.
It's in the castle.
Hello.
How many?
You're supposed to be such a nice boy.
How many of your father?
Yeah, but you can't share it up.
You can't share it up.
I wouldn't leave this.
It offers from everstations.
Cotavia, Almira, Fredonia.
But instead I stay here and entertain you, protest, subsequent due to bad.
Unbelievable.
To me, but how?
How was this Neil Rogers?
What kind of phone are you on, sir?
How's that again?
Do you have a dial phone or what?
No, I had to put it to the other foreigner.
Let's...
Let's knock him to that.
Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKBW last night.
Somebody asked you.
Did you hear what he's been saying about you?
No, I wasn't anymore.
He's a daughtery old man.
He claims he's only 40.
Yeah, right.
And do we be true in truth?
Oh, shut up.
A girl's a fella.
And if you think he's bad now, what will he have to do?
Oh, oh.
Okay, let me come back.
Maybe the egg will come out of his shell.
But I hope not.
That is in the movie.
And I just had this feeling that with Phoebe Cage anywhere on the screen.
That's right.
You would not be watching a great movie like the Carpenters movie.
They must have taken a long time to film that because there was obviously all lip syncing during the movie.
Because they used all the real records.
And she did a great job.
What's the name of that actress?
Cindy Gim.
She's very good.
And it is a very sad, very traumatic and depressing, and the parents were just...
Unconsciously.
And the mother was feeding Richard Kuelood's and the got him hooked on drugs.
And, oh, just beyond belief.
But it ended.
You just wanted to spit out lunch breakfast and dinner and never read again.
Correct.
So all of those disgusting jokes about the Carent Carpenter diet that we've done on this show over the last several years.
We won't do those again till tomorrow.
Okay.
1043 at WIOD.
You know, we do have somebody on the Palm Beach line who saw it, right?
Hi, the L.I.
Saw the movie.
And?
It was very depressing.
Yeah, but it was well done.
Yeah, it was very well done.
The music was beautiful.
Kind of like Carent's lunch breakfast and dinner.
Well done.
Very, no very little.
Yeah.
I'll tell you, if she would look like me, she would have killed herself.
What do you mean?
If she would look like me, she would have killed herself 10 years sooner.
No, she did kill herself, but just... she did it slowly.
Yeah, it was really sad.
Yeah.
But she was very maladjusted.
You think it was just a parent?
Just a mother?
Well, that's what the story says.
She had no social life.
No.
Neither one of them.
And...
She was 24 years old and she was living with a brother, which my mother didn't want.
Yeah, there was something a little bit bizarre about that too, you notice?
And then when she got married, which a marriage... is I recall, I think the marriage lasted only a few months.
Yeah, I didn't even know she was married.
Yeah, very, very briefly.
But, you notice the brother was very jealous.
There was something going on that didn't come out in the story, you know what I'm saying?
It almost seemed like there was something between them, but they didn't say anything about that.
And then the family was just a little bit too close in some ways.
You know, there was something there that didn't meet the eye.
They had that one scene where she came home and her husband was there with groceries and she was surprised.
Yeah.
I didn't understand that.
I figured where else would he be?
And she was singing in the background, Masquerade.
Yeah.
It was the song they played when the husband was in...
And I'm curious as to what that was supposed to be telling us, you know?
Yeah, I don't know.
Would you remember years ago, there used to be jokes that she was dating Barry Manel?
Well, that would have been pretty humorous.
I could have understand Richard dating Barry Manel.
Me too.
You know, they used to be something that would pop into the paper, but I don't know.
I guess that people around knew that she had all these problems, but if somebody who listened to our records, we didn't have it.
Well, I'll tell you one thing, boy, she had the best voice of any female vocalist that I can think of.
I mean, just an incredible voice was like a musical instrument, just tremendous.
You think stories like her is long on TV?
You think it's really interesting?
Oh, sure.
That she was so messed up.
That's what people are into now, don't you understand?
Yeah, no, but that's...
The more messed up you are, like the Liberace story and the...
Yeah, like being a voileo, though.
Well, hey, that's what America's into.
I suppose why I watch it, too, so I guess I'm a voileo, yeah?
Me too.
Well, I enjoyed it, but it's kind of a rough thing to have enjoyed.
Yeah, I still want to risk lightly at the end of the movie, but the right wrist, you know?
Yeah, so you don't get channel 12 very clearly?
No, it's clear, but it's not...
When 10 and 12 were both ABC, for example, I would always watch 10
because it was a little sharper.
Right.
And the color is a little bit better than 12 on my cable.
Now, that may not be true for everybody in Broward, but where I am on that God-for-Second Continental cable,
12 is a little washy.
It just doesn't have that real sharp crisp like a local station, and it's not.
It's coming from Palm Beach with about 50 miles away.
And they're not going to give you channel 6, are they?
Well, we got channel 6, but the quality on my cable is so bad.
I'm not joking. Yesterday there were times when it was just like snow.
It looked like the Bears Eagles game.
Wow. Well, I worked at channel 12, so I'm glad to have you as a viewer.
Okay, you've got us.
Okay.
Okay, bye.
Bye, bye.
Thank you.
Bye, bye.
10.45 at W-I-O-D, and let's go to beautiful coconut grove. Hello.
How you doing?
Great.
Not so that will be last night and also, the only thing I was struck with is that Karen,
well, actually, I don't know one of those kids who haven't had the N-A-D-O of their own.
Yeah.
You think with all the money that they made?
Well, they were, the parents just coddled them to the point of being obnoxious.
And then when they came and they bought them that beautiful house and they brought home that plummet fury for dad and all of that,
and the parents were just crushed because they weren't going to move into the house.
They had those big rooms all set up for them.
They were 24 years old and they wanted them to live in the house, you know?
Unfortunately, I think the situation like that is happens too often when you see kids in the house.
They're involved in show business and then they have these driving parents.
And I'm sure that Karen says, not going to be the last story that you'll find where you have over there in parents like that.
Yeah.
This, this, this, Chamos, which is really interesting, I think that these stations have made it really more complex than it really ought to be.
And believe it or not, because of that, people out there who really don't know which program is going to be aware for instance.
Well, you know, I hate to break the news to them, but for 50 cents or whatever it is, they can go out and buy a TV guide.
Or if they're too cheap to do that, they can actually get their weekend newspaper.
And for free inside, they'll get that TV book and all they got to do is, I know it's difficult, but if they look in there, they'll find exactly where the programs are going to be.
I know it's a little bit difficult, but trust me, it can be done.
You're talking about 10 or 6 in the snow, right?
Yeah.
And I was watching, I think there's no 10 or 6 in the 10 or 10 where they were interviewing these people and you know, these people were all confused about where they're favorite programs were.
And there's this one lady who said, I don't need to know, she said, when I watch 10 or 6, I get smell and if I want to smell, I'd go back up north.
Yeah, that's cute.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks a lot for the exciting call. 10, 48, 12 minutes till 11 at WIOD and Open Line in date.
If you move real fast now, we're going to really pick up some steam.
I didn't have any heat.
I didn't have any problem, yes, they looked in the TV guide.
No, because you live right down there by 6 is towered.
And I punched in the channel I wanted and there was the show I wanted.
It was a thing.
7-5-1, 9-4-6-3.
Now the only Open Line is in Boka, 278 WIOD.
And we have another caller on one who saw the movie last night.
Hello.
You guys are rehashed to the radio, if I'm much more I can say to it.
What's left to say?
I mean, other than the mother, I didn't, I was the father, the mother, when she's, when she's, when she takes me as quail, you'll feel better.
Yeah.
That was terrible, I didn't realize that to start him on that.
Well, if you ever notice, they always seemed like, and I'm not saying this arcastically, but they seemed like Barbie dolls.
I mean, in real life, you know, they just was something not real.
I wonder if that's not really all happened, basically, you know.
Well, I don't know, but evident, I think Richard wrote that story.
Oh, really?
Didn't they?
I'm pretty sure he did.
And he's got some pretty bitter feelings against the parents, evidently.
I guess so.
Her older's got an interesting show, about your extra addicts are on today.
Oh, great.
Mercury and Steve Howell, the baseball player, who was a great player, but...
Alcoholic, yeah.
Unbelievable.
Anyway.
Well, listen, you got to be on something to watch her, Aldo.
I guess.
What happened, you know, I didn't see the paper, Michigan State, did they get blown away?
Let's not talk about that, okay?
Neil, I really want to know.
3427, Georgia.
Also, was the course game there?
No.
Well, the score doesn't indicate it.
It was lopsided all the way through.
Michigan State played an abomination of a game they suck.
Most of the game, in the first half, especially, was like Duffy Doherty had come back to life.
You know, two yards in a cloud of dust.
Okay.
And this perless man, I'm telling you, he's nothing but a slob.
That's basically what he is.
And the line's thought they were going to hire him for the head coach.
Good.
He'll fit right in there, man.
Bird, when you go to Rochester, wherever you're going, I think it'll be more interesting if you, you know,
Colin wants to go to a major league ballpark and Colin and discuss some baseball games.
Yeah, that'd be a good idea.
No, but, you know, I might call in anyway, but not from a ballpark.
That might not be a good idea.
Well, how about from where?
From the stadium.
Really?
Well, I don't know about that, but I think I should call that week from different places.
From the other stadium in Rochester.
No, the things are playing Buffalo.
I could call you from Don and Bob.
That'll be good.
Something like that.
To keep us alert about the sports, I think you have to do, you know, play it by player, you know, for some time.
Now, are you going to be okay because of that way that game came out?
Are you going to be all right?
Well, I've got a lot of friends from Michigan. I just didn't know the score.
And I was...
Wait a minute. From Michigan?
Yeah.
Yeah, we've talked a million times.
I got a lot of...
I called you from Detroit.
Yeah, but you don't say Michigan.
You mean from Michigan's state?
Well, yes, from Michigan.
Because then people think you mean university in Michigan.
You're not saying Michigan.
They always say to me, oh yeah, University of Michigan's playing, you went there.
And I say, don't you understand?
Are you really that dumb that the University of Michigan and Michigan's state aren't the same?
No, it's...
It's like saying that FSU and the University of Miami are the same.
I agree.
It's totally different.
He's planting the fun place and...
And Arbor's like...
Oh, and Arbor's the fun place.
It's all right.
Yeah.
Why is there hands several times after they go to the bathroom?
I can't believe you remember that.
Have a great day.
Take care.
10.50 won at WIOD and we'll be right back after this.
You can't hear it.
The first day of the New Year for us, and boy, we're real excited about it.
We're thrilled to be here.
Coral Springs. Hello.
Yeah, good morning, Neil. How are you?
Great.
All right. Coral, first to thank you for CYAM's doll.
It was absolute delight.
We'd never even heard of the place, but because of your radio,
your little plug on the radio, we went there the other night.
It was last week, and it was absolutely delicious.
Yeah, sensational.
And they're nice people, everybody.
Very nice people.
Unfortunately, they were sort of empty.
I think it was Christmas night or something.
Yeah.
Well, now that, you know, between thanks, giving a New Year's for most restaurants is a pretty dead time.
Now that all of this stuff is out of the way, finally, we'll get back to abnormal.
But it was delicious.
Absolutely.
It was absolutely delight.
I'm glad we heard about it.
Good.
And we told them we heard it from you.
Of course.
And my wife works in an office that has a lot of blue hairs.
So she's not allowed to turn on your station during the day,
and I keep telling her about some of the rather strange songs like Candy Bar or your asshole song that I hear,
and she says, that's impossible.
They don't have that kind of stuff on the radio.
Of course not.
But I have my wife home today, as well as a lot of work.
Well, actually, you know what I'm glad that she's home.
We're not going to play any requests today, but some of those might actually get in there before the day is out.
Right. We're hoping it will.
We're going to keep you tuned in all day.
Great.
We'll save it for the last half hour.
Okay.
Nice talking, man.
Okay. I'm no fool.
Have a nice day.
1055 at WIOD.
No requests today.
Those of you who are just occasional listeners who are off from work and think that you can call in.
And in some sneaky, backdoor way, you're getting a request or a suggestion.
Forget it, because we don't play that game anymore.
Okay.
When we're ready to play this stuff, we'll let you know.
In fact, probably the surest to clue will be that you'll hear it.
And then you'll know we're playing it.
Okay. There's an open line in date.
And in Broward, look at that.
A little crisis on the phone.
751 WIOD in date.
524-9463 in Broward.
I can't believe Rich had a run in out front the other day.
Way up there in the front end.
I don't want to mention any names.
But what are we going to do about her?
I don't know what the story is, but Surley.
Just real.
Surley.
Yes.
That's correct, Roger.
Did you have to ask?
Everyone says the same thing.
Nasty.
Awesome.
We just have to try to enlighten her up a little bit.
Let her stop taking life so seriously.
Okay.
Don't want to mention any names.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hey, I'm a first time caller.
I'll be gosh darned.
And I'm from West Virginia.
I couldn't tell.
No.
Well, I just wanted to say happy new year to you.
And the same to you.
Thank you very much.
And go Mountaineers.
Yeah.
Good luck to you.
Hey, we're going to win.
I don't think so, but good luck to you.
Why do you say that?
Well, I think Notre Dame could be a little tough for you.
But you know, you never know.
Go out there and give it your best shot.
Like Michigan State did last night.
Yeah, right?
Right.
Wasn't good enough, but they gave it their best.
Sure.
Well, I just wanted to say that I don't understand what you complain about down here.
It's just so wonderful living down here.
But no, do you live here?
Yes, sir.
How long you been here?
Oh, I've been here three months.
Oh, three months, yeah.
Wow.
That qualifies you as an expert.
There's no question about that.
Oh, you got all these modern conveniences in the big old town.
Yeah, I know.
Like flush toilets and running water, hot and cold, I know.
It's even in the house.
I know.
It's frightening in it.
But we do have some ported jones for people like to, you know, feel like they're still at home.
Right.
Right, I understand.
In fact, if you go to Hellendale, they got a special, a portable jone there for all of politicians.
I've heard of Hellendale.
I hear all the rich people live down there.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, and they still got every day they were born with, man.
Well, I just want to know that since I moved down here, I started wearing shoes again.
Yeah.
And I quit having babies.
I'll be damned.
Well, that's great.
But anyway.
We got a lady just moved in from Nashville.
I bet you shoot you and her just hit it off great.
We'll get you in touch with her, okay?
Okay, great.
Okay, y'all have a great time.
Good luck, Mountaineers.
Yeah, go Mountaineers.
Okay.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
It's 1058 at WIOD.
Now, pretty soon.
Now, what time does the first bull game come on?
By the way, Calder is closed today.
And I don't know why I would have thought maybe it's because of the bull games.
But last week, they did race on Monday.
And they were closed Tuesday.
But this week, they are closed in Calder a day.
They'll race tomorrow, I guess.
I'm sure.
And Pompano was open tonight.
Now, what time's the first game on?
They've got just pages and pages.
The only pages I have is there aren't any pages.
We'll try to get a few extra minigames.
Next year, the good news for you is there will be two more.
Only two?
Now, the cotton bull starts at 130.
That, of course, is UCLA.
Can you make it to 130?
And, um, what are they playing?
Oh, Arkansas.
The hogs.
Or is that the razor backs?
I don't know.
I get that all confused.
Now, how many, uh, does an hour's to, well, this one won't be-
Now, the fiesta bulls at 440.
That's a big one.
That's a 10p if we can say that.
That's a Notre Dame West Virginia.
That's only that we just call in about only moments ago.
Only about 10, 11 hours of this.
That's, uh, I don't know if that's enough.
So the first one's 130.
I would think there'd be something starting much sooner than that.
Well, I think they already go in.
Probably.
And we probably see Bob Barker out there marching against, uh,
for coats and stuff.
Okay, it's 10.59.
That means the news is upcoming with Gil right at 11 o'clock.
We will come back with three more hours on his great holiday.
We hope you stick around.
We might even actually get a little bit of a chance.
We'll hopefully play some of the stuff that you want to hear.
We definitely are playing more carpenters, okay?
Good.
Which will help us get through lunch real easy.
And we'll be back at 11 o'clock.
Steve is working this afternoon.
Believe it or not, he's going to be here to bitch about it from two until six.
What a way to start the new year, right?
We got an open line in Peron Beach.
655 WIOD.
We've had some really brilliant calls from a Palm Beach County Concord today.
Oh, boy.
And Nick has another caustic one of his notes on here.
One of his depressing morbid notes.
It says the carpenters are one of the few groups that were worse than the
Partridge family, okay?
He's comparing the carpenters to the Partridge family.
So when you call it on the show today, tell Nick he's a subhuman douchebag
and that his taste in music is, well, we can't say where.
Right next to Jupiter.
It's 11 till noon at WIOD.
Two days in a day here on TV 12.
Great shows come your way.
Whatever you turn to 12.
The price is right here.
And guiding lights here.
Someone to turn to TV 12.
The young and the restless as the world turns and Falcon crest.
These are some of the great CBS shows now on TV 12.
They join your favorite programs.
We look fortune and TV 12 eyewitness news.
In South Florida, the one to turn to for CBS's TV 12.
Your favorite programs will bring them all to you.
Daytime and prime time South Florida with you.
With CBS since 12, Steve, you're watching the best team.
You're at the heart of it.
12 is the part of it.
The ones to turn to TV 12.
We've got twice the traffic, twice the airborne coverage and date and
broad and twice the qualified traffic staff to bring you to work at home twice as fast.
Now, more with Neil Rogers on News Talk Radio 610 WIOD.
1153 at WIOD.
I've got an incredible Carpenter's story.
Carpenter's radio story.
I was working at WIOS News and she died on a Saturday afternoon or Saturday night.
And I was doing Sunday mornings.
I think I was still doing eight to midnight during the week.
I was doing Sunday morning show from 10 to 2.
So I came on, I'd heard the news and I gathered up all of my Carpenter stuff.
I came in early and I carted it up because actually over there you could get in the production studio.
I'm like here and I carted up all the Carpenter's hits and I did a tribute to the Carpenter's because she had just died.
And I'm sitting there and playing the music and I see the bat line is ringing.
So the board up and I picked it up at the same time.
And I hear this voice.
It was the former general mangler of WNWS Lou Kron.
We used to call him Drone on the Throne Cron.
And he's saying, what's he doing?
What's he doing?
And the board upset he's doing a music tribute to Carpenter.
She died yesterday.
Well, whatever the hell he's doing, make sure he gives the call to let people know we haven't changed the format.
I just got to call for him when he's Sudbreak and he wants to know what the hell's going on.
Now, back in those days, I had like 10 and 11 shares at night.
I had number one show in the market by so far and these idiots in management in this business,
oh, he didn't give the call letters and I'm thinking, oh my god, it was so typical of the kind of idiots that are the powers that be in this business.
Like because we took one day and did something a little bit different right away, the whole audience was going to have a panic.
You know, I mean, I came on between every couple of cuts and I said what we were doing and there was no big deal.
Typical of this businessman, absolute and he was hostile about like, well, what the hell is he doing?
Whatever this thing is he's doing.
Yeah, it's called music, you idiot.
You subhuman douchebag.
Yeah, the former general manager at WNWS, boy, was he a piece of work, man.
I've never forget the stories when I was in Nashville for those exciting couple of weeks or it was there a month.
And Jerry Williams was the program director at WNWS and of course Jerry is so far above and beyond what was going on over there at that time.
And he used to go and have these screaming, ranting sessions with a crone and one time threatened to turn the desk over on him and had it about halfway up in the year.
And I would have paid admission to finish the job. I'll tell you that. Miami, hello.
Hi Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
And the YouTuber.
Okay.
I'm going to be an opposite of whatever.
But he said, you know, happy new year to everybody. We appreciate it. But let's get on with the show.
I know.
Hey, Neil, I was so depressed last night after watching that show.
Yeah.
I went out. I got a gallon of cookies and cream.
Did you?
I'm telling you I was a good.
I hear about half of it.
Yeah.
It was tragic.
Got a little lettuce on the side.
Oh, no, well.
Hey, look, I've got to, I got to.
The saddest part of the whole thing is when they finally got her straightened out and rehabilitated.
And she sat down on Thanksgiving and ate a turkey dinner and had stuffing and two helpings of turkey and potatoes.
And she went upstairs and her mother after all this time finally was able to say I love you.
I love you, Brian.
And she croaked, you know, she, her heart rate.
She couldn't believe it. I mean, evidently, as she was so shocked that that's what did it.
It was just right around Thanksgiving time, wasn't it?
Well, evidently, it was on Thanksgiving night or the weekend.
Yeah.
Anyway, see, I have the exact opposite problem with what Karen has.
I'm thin, but can't get it.
Really?
Boy, it breaks my heart.
I'm on you with my fist, okay?
I'd like to take a mallet and just beat your brains out.
I have to tell you I'm on TV.
I don't want to hear about it.
I have six, two, and 150 pounds.
I don't want to hear about it.
I can't stand it.
I just detest people like you.
They just keep eating and eating and shoveling it down and never getting an ounce.
Exactly. I mean, I eat two sandwiches for lunch every day.
I'll bet you do.
And, you know, I have healthy mayonnaise.
I eat lots of pasta.
Yeah.
Good. I hope you get a cholesterol kind of 600, okay?
And diet, nasty, definitely.
You turn me on to the pizza last day.
Great. It's fantastic, isn't it?
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
It's orgasmic.
Good. I hope they shovel it down.
You throw it with a shoe home, okay, sir?
I hope you get terminal belching in the...
By the way, Neil.
Follonious flatulence.
By the way, Neil, you're not...
I know you're not going through games, so I don't...
That is correct.
I have no interest in that game.
And if that makes me a bad guy, so be it, I couldn't give it to him unless.
Hey, book.
And if Nebraska does happen to win, hey, you know, so life goes on.
Absolutely.
You know, to eat cheese on and...
I went to Michigan State, sir, and we lost last night with real distinction in class.
They stunk the place out.
I know, I was watching the game.
They make me sick.
They couldn't win a fixed game at Michigan State.
And then you see that purlyse man, he looks like...
Oh, he is a good guy.
Remember, sir, calm down, sir.
He is a good guy.
You remember Abe Gibber and it used to coach the Bears who weighed about 700 pounds
who made that reach look like Minnie Mouse?
All right, fellas.
That's who purlyse looks like.
This guy was so ugly last night.
Yeah.
If he was absolutely a combination of the television.
Well, all of the players were ugly on both teams, sir, which I can't watch in a car.
By the way, that reminds me, Neil.
Here we go.
Yep.
The call has been so but so far.
So why can't you just keep it that way?
Well, weeks away, and then you can see the center fielder for the U.M.
I can't wait, sir.
I'm telling you, this guy is okay.
Okay, have a nice life.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm afraid.
I'm just going to say Ron Fraser is just doing cartwheels.
Now, see, Ron told me years ago that he always tries to find the ugliest players on the team
because then if they got to run into a fence, no problem.
They're not worried about their cosmetics, you know, about keeping their face lift up and all that stuff.
Anyway, that's going to do it for this hour.
And we have just whizzed by, if you pardon that expression, whizzed by two hours here on this first day of the New Year.
Roger, happy New Year too.
You have a wonderful life and that's you on Friday.
Oh, it was different, boy.
It was sure different.
April, worth of my believe is in the...
No, she's not there.
Gail?
Gail is still there, boy.
That Gail.
While we're doing a little punishment on Gail today for that show she would Steve that day.
Yeah.
She's going to be in there till midnight and then we'll come back at the 1205.
Lion.
I can't find it.
You know, I get full of all that food on my face.
I know, I'm going to punch.
I'm going to punch.
I know.
A wreck.
That's what I am.
A mess.
Well, here's the carpenters again.
And there's Barry Manalo.
Look at that.
My page is away.
You think that's just an omen and you see who he's with?
That's interesting.
And you do notice that you never saw Richard Carpenter and Barry Manalo together at the same time.
Mystery of the dancing cop.
He told bosses he was disabled then landed a job at Chipendale.
Oh, what a story.
You see, you got to have this magazine.
I keep telling you what happens to the black Elvis.
I think there's Liberace who looks a little bit like the black Elvis.
Yeah, you're in the right neighborhood.
Getting more.
Here's the white Elvis.
There's a big thing about the colonel.
It says how the colonel shafted Elvis.
New book.
Dick Volengos spent 11 years researching Parker's management of the millions made by Elvis.
And concludes that the colonel got the best of the deal.
Now that is the colonel.
The colonel.
The colonel.
That's right.
The colonel has the boy that you wanted.
And now he's taking a dime.
Yeah, that curl.
How a barber bush lost an ugly 157 pound.
You got rid of George.
I don't see the black Elvis.
He was in here.
Yes, I saw it.
And I think, oh, here he is.
Teen sensation.
They're calling the black Elvis.
Al be sure.
Al be sure.
Al be black.
And Al definitely, as I said, do not be Elvis.
Okay.
Courts of screaming female fans hurling bras and panties on stage is being held as the black
Elvis by a new generation of teeny buffers.
One of the steamy singers, Biggest Fans, is Madonna.
Yeah, that's how he loves to work out to the 20 year olds pulsating.
Yes, music.
Oh.
Oh, let me say again, she loves to work out with his 20 year old.
He also reminds her of her screen art, Idol, Marlon Brando.
What?
My God.
Speaking more advice on handling his frenzy fans, the younger singer also turned to Michael Jackson's
main man, Quincy Jones.
See, if Marlon Brando was mentioned in the article, and not too far beyond it, it has to
be Michael Jackson, right?
Every time.
Right.
Anyway, it's eight minutes past noon at WI of the one thing I promise you, because I know
there are a lot of people out there get hysterical when they hear the carpenters like Nick.
He has no taste at all.
His taste in music absolutely sucks.
And tomorrow we're going to bring in the partridge family, just an honor and nick, just to adjuditate
him and get him hysterical.
And every group that he puts on there, and believe me, I've got him.
I've got a library that's second only to Johnny Dark, and that's because I never got a chance
to steal all the albums that he did.
But any group you don't like, man, we'll bring in here, we'll do like a whole serenade for
you.
Yeah, see, I was only going to play one or two, but because we want to make your new year
old, Richard Fullman.
And we got some lettuce for you too for lunch, so stick around.
Just a little tiny bit.
And I'm going to play a little bit.
I'm going to play a little bit.
And I'm going to play a little bit.
And I'm going to play a little bit.
And I'm going to play a little bit.
And I'm going to play a little bit.
And I'm going to play a little bit.
And I'm going to play a little bit.
And I'm going to play a little bit.
And I'm going to play a little bit.
I don't know how anybody could not like the Carpenter's, but there are some sour
pushes in the world and just have no taste.
It's 11th at WIOD.
Are you getting a big bang out of that magazine?
That's quite a little magazine.
Yeah, I like the one about the preacher.
We're at 13 children with his daughters.
Mm-hmm.
Buy his daughters.
Miami, hello.
Hi there, Neil. How are you?
Good.
It's Cookie again. Hi, Bird.
Cookie.
Yes.
I'd like to tell you I'm not getting married.
You told me that last time.
Everybody, everybody call me saying,
you're getting married for no...
What?
Well, when I called you last week,
apparently at the end,
you said Cookie soon to be married
and everybody called me up.
You're getting married?
I'm like, no.
I don't have any idea what you're talking about Cookie,
but you're not the first one.
You're not supposed to.
Yeah, I don't expect you to remember every call.
Okay.
Whatever you say, Cookie.
Sorry about that.
But I did get to see the carpenter story
not on this entirety because I thought I wasn't home.
But I was really shocked.
I don't know. I was shocked when the mother was talking to the psychiatrist.
Yeah.
And he said,
you, well, you got to say,
I love you, you know?
And he's like,
it's not our way.
Yeah.
I mean, what kind of a mother does not say,
I love you to come.
Well, what kind of a mother feeds quailudes
to her son to go to sleep at night, you know?
Yeah.
Obviously, the family was just a little bit screwed up.
I thought that was really bizarre.
Yeah.
I mean, because my, I mean,
well, Cubans are really affectionate anyway,
but, I mean, my family,
I mean, you say goodbye on the telephone
and you'll live in a little bit.
And I know those Cubans are real affectionate, believe me,
especially when nobody's looking.
You know what I mean, cookie?
Yeah, I know it.
I bet you do.
Yeah.
Also, I hope you have a great new year.
Okay, you too.
And squash all those rumors for us, okay?
I'll try.
Whatever the hell they were.
What, oh, I'm sorry.
No, no, I'm just, it's just a joke, cookie.
Have a good one.
You too.
1213 at WIOD,
we have an opening in date.
If you move real fast now,
751 WIOD,
that 7519463 will be right back.
Steve Kane is South Florida's
highest rated afternoon talk shows.
Find out why weekday afternoons
from 2 to 6 right here.
Now, more of Neil Rogers,
a new Stark Radio 610,
WIOD.
1216 at WIOD,
we have something shocking
that we've just discovered in the weekly,
what is the name of that thing?
Weekly World News.
Not to be confused with the weekly news.
Correct.
This is a unique college that's opening.
It's for stupid people.
Perfect for most talk show callers, okay?
And it's a stupid people can get different degrees.
And it's going to be opening in the door.
And also people in radio management qualified automatically.
Don't even have to take an entrance exam.
If you're in radio management,
they immediately will give you entrance into this university, okay?
Now, here's some of the classes you can take, Mitch.
Bitch pay attention to this.
You may want to take some of these classes at this new college.
Camel management.
Especially the camel said inhabit the goby desert.
You can be a clarifying man.
Yeah, UFOs spotting bird watching with special emphasis
on the songbirds of the Ukraine.
Professional pin-pal management.
Artist modeling, posing nude for hours on end
is a very special skill, of course.
Chicken and turkey plucking.
Oh, yeah, that's one of my favorite.
Now, they're also going to include Mitch,
ducks, geese, doves, and quail.
Bicycle riding.
Now, this is a good course to get a degree.
And that's a very, very desirable degree.
Don't you think if you take a bicycle riding?
So I have more information on it.
Also gourmet donut dunking,
you can take a course in there.
And here's a man,
and there's another article here on the same page.
A man in Oklahoma City who suffered physical damage to his right elbow.
It was from leaning on a blackjack table for 18 straight hours.
Oh, yeah.
I'm spot coming up at 24.
I just mentioned this in passing.
For which are illustrious continuity department has given me all the way.
I do have some stuff from Roy Slanthoff.
Thank goodness this is kind of a backup.
So we will do it.
But just astonishes me.
You know, you know that old saying,
what is it that they do?
We used to wonder that at the other place.
Now, we know that if you have food brought in here,
that they do spend a lot of time eating.
No question about that.
Well, we got about like 7,000 people
that wanted the halls here ordinarily.
Of course, they're all off on a busman's holiday today.
But, you know, maybe somebody in the audience can send us a postcard
and let us know what these people do during the week.
Other than come in like make sure every other Friday and pick up those checks.
Just like at the other place.
Because it's frightening.
We don't also have a pump in a one-a-log.
Do we? Would you just check between now and two?
Because I know they start either today or tomorrow.
I'm praying that it's tomorrow.
Okay. Thank God for that.
They're incredible.
Who is all the people that work here?
The people in continuity.
What is her name? Laura.
She's a very, very nice young lady.
She eats a wicked meal.
Man, you put any food downstairs.
She will suck it up in no time at all.
But this copy, man, it's like little pieces of paper here and scraps over there.
In fact, in the waist basket, there are four or five spots that start next week.
Okay, it's 1219 to WIOD.
Bokeh, hello.
Nail bird.
Good y'all, Jeff.
I just want to wear a neck neck.
You're a sub-human douchebag.
I can't believe you don't like the carpentry music.
Watch what the gig neck.
You'll cut your officer.
And if he does, it'll be his last living neck.
They all his teeth fall out except one so he can have a coffee.
He'd break the news to you, sir.
But that only happens.
They have a broad turn to whiskey so that 100 bet bugs get drunk on it and dance to Mizzurka in his belly part.
There you go.
Good suckers, gentlemen.
Okay, excellent call.
20 minutes past noon at WIOD and I second that emotion that Smokey would say.
We have an open line and you shouldn't say Smokey because he probably don't like the miracles either.
Right? Don't like the miracles?
Oh yeah, down. Thumbs down.
How about Martha and the Vandela's?
So so?
He doesn't even know who that is.
Don't know who that is.
How about what's his name, the Black Elvis?
Albie Baird? Albie Shurr?
Albie Shurr?
I don't like him either.
Okay, there's an open line and Broward now if you would dare to talk to Nick.
524 WIOD.
In fact, we're waiting for that special call from Richard Carpenter is going to be calling me before the end of the show.
Oh, well.
And we will be playing one more Carpenter's cut this hour.
Trust me when I tell you.
Okay, in spite of all of his protests.
And then tomorrow it's the Partridge family on WIOD.
My Emmy, hello.
Hi Neil.
Yeah.
Good.
How you doing?
Fine.
And we also have a few David Cassidy solos just to rub it in.
Hey, I'm David Cassidy.
Yeah, you sound just like Friday, right?
Yeah, there you go, Rod.
Let's go and tell you.
It was down in Florida City.
I figured out where all those Canadians are breeding.
Really?
It comes down in my great town here.
Oh, it's terrible.
It is bad.
You have to see that, Neil.
Okay, well, whatever you say, it sounds kind of boring to me.
Sure.
We have an open line in date, 751 WIOD, that's 751.
In fact, we're down to four stinking calls on the board of this board.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I told you.
This is going to be just like last Monday.
Nobody in the business works on these two days, okay?
On the official holiday of Christmas and New Year's.
Only at this God forsaken douchebag place does the upper level management sit at home.
And just they're just all they're doing all day is just enjoying the fact that they're making a few of us say.
They select few of us work.
That's all.
That's the only thing they're doing.
They're not enjoying a holiday.
I was driving somewhere over the weekend and sunny and Joe were doing sports talk or hanking.
Somebody was doing it.
And they were saying nobody is going to be calling between now and the end of the show because nobody's listening.
And who do you think called into the board out to say make sure they know that I'm listening?
The Mike Disney.
I knew it had to be either him or on a holiday.
Either him turn it off.
Mike, okay, give it a rest.
Go out and do something useful.
Okay, go play in traffic in Allenville.
Do something worthwhile for a change.
Don't be out there listening on a holiday.
It's bad enough that you're making us work.
Okay.
Both the Palm Beach lines are open, which is a rarity on this show in Boka 278WYOD.
Can we get that West Palm line out of there?
Can we get rid of that thing?
It's a waste of time.
It's costing a lot of money, right?
It's a big way.
Right there is a big waste of money.
I mean, we could probably bring an efficiency expert and hear clean half of this joint out.
Okay?
So the right of us could make some real money, okay?
The half of these fakers out.
They wonder around here.
Oh, where's my paycheck?
Where's my paycheck?
There's people that worked here like 20 years ago that come in to get a paycheck.
I saw Big Wilson in here, Friday looking for a paycheck.
It was incredible.
Yeah, we're playing for the Stinking Palm Beach line.
And all we get there is abuse and hostility and a lot of loony tunes.
Like I said, let's leave it in.
23 Pans 12 at WYOD.
And let me read my little message here from my good friend Roy Slanthoff at Gulfstream.
It says Neil, happy suckers.
And of course, there's something in here that I can't, it says regards to Claude Reigns.
I did receive a Christmas card from him in Mary Ellen.
Oh, I know who he's talking about.
I'm not going to talk about them either.
They make me want to scream.
Anyway, Gulfstream will be opening next Sunday, a week from yesterday.
Can you believe it?
They'll be racing January the 8th through Tuesday, March 7th with Major League Thuroughbird
racing at its very best post-time daily is going to be 1 p.m.
And opening day only next Sunday at Gulfstream, they'll be rolling back the prices for all you
cheap skates out there in Halendale, grandstanded missionally 50 cents, clubhouse admission is
a buck.
And listen to this, soda will be a dime popcorn beer and coffee 15 cents hot dogs 30 cents
and free to patrons paying admission, which will not be me limited edition collectors item
key ring engraved with the 50th anniversary emblem.
And they will be showing throughout the day over the tracks in house TV monitors five of
the greatest races ever run at Gulfstream.
And they're also introducing a lot of brand new things there.
They always spend millions of dollars every year to renovate and keep it up to date at Gulfstream.
The rooftop bar in grill right at top the clubhouse dining room, which will afford seating for
400 fans in a spectacular view of the track.
And the good thing about that is when you have a real bad day and you plunge bad, you can
jump right off wide, you're dining at the rooftop bar in grill.
So you can have like a chicken wing in one hand and losing perfected ticket in the other
hand and right down to the finish line.
It's fantastic.
And don't forget children accompanied by an adult will be welcomed during the entire meeting now
that the miners bill is a fact here in the state of Florida.
And we'll be telling you is the days progressed throughout the week about all the exciting
activities that are coming up and about some of the big states races during the exciting 1989
thoroughbred season at beautiful Gulfstream.
Only one South Florida radio station is super enough to be named your Super Bowl Super
Whole Station.
We'll bring you every bit of the excitement as the countdown to Super Bowl 23 rolls on.
Now, more with Neil Rogers, our new start radio 610 WIOD.
Now, Laura, evidently called Nick during the break is hysterical as apoplectic says don't
talk about her and he does not eat a wicked meal.
All right, she eats a not so wicked meal.
All right.
Now, she's a wonderful person and all that, but this copy situation is incredible.
Is that the nicest word that I can use?
I mean, little scraps of you know what would be nice.
I know this is revolutionary and I know I know this is rocking a boat again.
But you know, the space right over here where there's nothing sitting here, one of those
nice file cabinets where they have a hanging file in alphabetical order and all the life
copy sits in there instead of in these books and sheets of paper and folders and envelopes
on the floor and the waist basket.
Wouldn't that be incredible?
I know it's revolutionary.
He's trying to change things.
He's been here just a few weeks and right away he's got to change everything.
That's the way they used to do it over there at win.
So that's the way he might do it here.
I got news for you.
They never did anything right over there until we forced them to do things that made sense.
Mitch is smiling because he knows how true that is.
He used to tell him if you turn the transmitter on, it'll work a lot better, okay?
They'll actually hear it and they said, why bother?
And they had a point, okay?
Most of the day they did have a point.
But they say like hell on electricity.
When Rick Edwards used to come in and turn the transmitter off and it's out of the same.
Like at night when you were in Pembert Pines, it's still on it.
Like this.
With or without the transmitter on, it was great.
But anyway, hanging file for the copy would be great for the new year.
So Laura, I know you're listening.
We love you dearly.
You're a super person, but straightened out your act, okay?
It's 1230 at WIOD and let's go to Cooper City.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I'm fine. Listen to the first time, Corey.
Great. We think.
How do you tell you a melting pot?
A melting pot story?
Yeah.
A little floor.
I'm listening, sir.
Drive up there about 12 o'clock at night.
Make a reservation for the family about 12 o'clock.
The first time that you're showing us how to do it.
They're showing you how to do it, huh?
Yeah.
Put the food in the oil.
I've been waiting.
Waiting about an hour.
Nothing's cooking.
Call them over.
It's on you.
Don't worry, Wade.
Take a little while.
I'm 130 quater or two.
I reach under the table and I pick up the toilet.
I'm hungry for eating out.
Yeah.
Oil, rice, cold.
And then I'm taking the food home and cooking it.
Well, great.
Give you something to do.
It was a great first experience.
Okay.
Well, listen.
Wouldn't you think that you'd understand that there'd be something a little bit?
I don't want to suggest you're a little slow.
But after the first hour went by, wouldn't you think you might become suspicious when nothing was happening to the oil?
But with the matter, do everybody come to come and go over and say, well, the way we go.
Well, by that time, what was this on New Year's night?
No, no.
This was about a month ago.
Oh.
Well, they were getting ready for New Year's night.
Right.
They kept coming over and saying, well, that little red light goes out and about a time the bulb goes in it.
Yeah.
Well, what do they know?
Listen, you know, we have four good New Yorkers.
No, I haven't got any ideas.
It's probably down there in the Catskills.
That's really from the same town that they...
I don't know anything about the Catskills.
To me, sir, that area is like a giant void.
It is.
That's why we moved down here.
Yeah.
But it's from the same town that Alan from the track is from.
Alan Finkelson?
Right.
Yeah.
You grew up, grew up, grew up, grew up with Alan my whole life.
Did you really?
Isn't that incredible?
And you survived it, huh?
And I survived.
That's great.
Well, he's a some kind of guy.
Let me tell you.
I don't want to tell you what kind.
Now, he's all right.
How do you, uh, the whole thing here?
He's the whole thing.
Yep.
I'll tell him you said that.
In fact, I'm going to be there tonight.
And I hope to see you a lot of...
Well, there's off again.
You'll probably be back at WS News.
Right, Robert?
Right.
So what's going on?
You have a good new year?
Yeah.
You going to the track tomorrow?
No, I think I get to...
I want to...
Well, I bet you they're racing today.
Let me see the sports section.
I bet you because it's a holiday.
I bet you they're racing today at Colter.
Well, I can't...
Well, I got to get my grandpa out of the way.
Really good.
So I just go with him.
Yeah.
And what happened?
Um...
I still lost every single day I had.
You lost it all, huh?
Yeah.
Well, that should teach you a good lesson, Robert.
I noticed that there were five winners in the lottery
that Rebecca Paul, boy, she's got a great sense of humor, doesn't she?
You noticed those numbers she came up with?
20, 30, 40, and if there would have been a 50, she would have used that,
but they come up with 49 because that's the last number there, right?
Who the hell are they kidding?
I noticed it was 15, that...
About 49.
Yeah, I'm going to bet 50 and 60 next week.
Okay, Robert, well, I wish you good luck, okay?
Right.
Bye.
Now, I don't think they are running today.
Although Pompa-Dopark is offering free grandstand admission to children 17 and under
beginning with tonight's program.
They're also doing something else tonight.
Um...
And I don't know, I can't remember what it is.
In December, Pompa-Dopark announced a senior citizen policy
that provides grandstand admission and reserve seat for 75 cents for patrons 55 plus.
Wow.
I'm not saying a word about that.
I've been shocked.
But, no, there haven't something special I think tonight at Pompa-Dopark,
and we should have some information here because they're starting on a show very, very soon.
But, uh, it's free...
I shouldn't say it should, unless I'm sure.
I think it's free admission for everybody to all levels of the track tonight.
That sounds right.
But, they're starting on a regular basis free grandstand admission to children 17 and under every night starting tonight.
Which is about time that the pyramuchal started really getting into this family bill,
right, getting some younger blood out there at the track.
1032 at W.I.O.D.
Now, what were you saying about upstate New York?
I'm... Now, I'm talking about like July or August.
Just when I'm talking about...
Definitely the time to go up, preferably August.
That's when I'm talking about like August.
I'm gonna go up there, and I'm gonna go to all these places
that I've heard endlessly, you know, said over and over and over.
And you know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna have my picture taken in front of these places.
Great.
While you're up there, by the way, why not go over to Niagara Falls?
It's right nearby, right by Buffalo.
Uh-huh.
And they can cross over.
Be sure and take your lead.
Yeah.
You go over to Niagara Falls on Tyrio and you're ripped off.
Get ripped off.
Real bad.
You can go to the Wax Museum,
and you can go at all those tourist traps over there and get ripped off.
The worst in the history of mankind.
Niagara Falls on Tyrio.
I think I have plenty to do, you know, with Don and Bob's and everything.
Yeah.
And you're right.
And you wanna get a sub, but what's that place in Buffalo where they got the subs?
You'll figure all this out and write it down for me.
And so I have a list when I go up there.
On Main Street, there's that great place where they have those subs.
You'll remember.
In fact, uh, Nemo's, remember Nemo's roast beer?
Sure, and I think it's somehow related to this someplace.
And I can't think of the name.
Somebody you'll call in.
See, you've probably inspired a lot of upstate New York calls already.
Now, that's not the purpose.
Which is exactly what we want of my comments.
1034 at WIOD.
The Palm Beach Line is available.
We just mentioned that in passing.
655-9463-655-WIOD.
And when we come back after a gale,
oh, Gale is here answering the musical question in the newsroom is Gale Bright.
And after we do the headlines in his little break,
I think we ought to do some carpenters, don't you?
We'll play that one that we got cute up.
I brought in not one, but two albums.
Because I was positive that everybody would have seen that movie last night.
This happens to me all the time.
I will watch something on Network TV,
which is a rarity for me other than sports.
And come in and talk about it and get all enthused,
and nobody will have seen it.
I don't know why they do this to you.
Yeah, they do this to you all the time.
It's pretty pondering, you know?
Anyway, I'm sure Gale probably saw it has a couple of comments to make during the news.
It's a 1034 at WIOD.
Oh, 1038 at WIOD.
Are we going to play that record?
Are you going to talk it up?
No.
Oh.
Well.
Back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGBA.
Here again, America's youngest talk show host,
six-year-old Neil Rogers.
OK, I guess we're done with Neil.
And there's four minutes left in the hour.
Who will stick some cards?
Only. Hello.
And Neil, how's it going?
Great.
That's good.
Well, so I can't film my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle.
The Google agency.
What an abortion that people raise.
Then I asked how many other people did lifeline.
And they said, now my business.
Yeah, well, they're real nice over there.
OK, well, I just thought I'd let you know.
You're a fine American.
Have a nice life.
Hello. Hello.
I want to speak to Neil.
You got him.
Am I on?
Yeah.
Neil.
Yeah.
Neil, you're a stinky pink old glue sniffing bedwaters at a pansy.
They call.
They say, huh?
Did he say pansy?
I don't think he'd get off.
What a mong brain.
I ride my bike 30 miles every Saturday to the list shop.
And this guy calls me names.
Shame on you, sir.
Shame on you.
By the way, have you seen some of those bad boys at the new AMP?
No, what are you cackling about?
A.
This is my car.
A.
A million producers in the world.
And they fix me in here with some A.
This is my car.
This is my car.
This is my car.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
You're just a big, such a nice boy.
Come around with your front car, hovers.
Yeah, but you can't turn it off.
You can't turn it off.
I don't even need this.
I'm an office from Everestation.
The cave, the Almira, Fredonia.
But instead, I stay here in Imaging's U-Gro-Test, Sub-Sewing, Doodabas.
Unbelievable.
To me, the hell.
Oh, is this Neil Rogers?
What kind of phone are you on, sir?
How's that again?
Do you have a dial phone?
