Let's go back to some more phone calls request for bits here. Got a hold on for a little. Um, be patient. Okay.
Oh me. Uh,
Fort Lauderdale. Oh boy.
But that's not an echo time. These stories could only go on.
You both are the genitals. Yes, let's talk about that story.
Are we allowed to? Well, we can.
Yeah, we can allude to it. And look when he gets too dirty to like disco.
Yeah, the strobe like come on.
Well, to the names Herman and beans.
And prime and personal. Some semi famous female radio personality on love 94.
Who does that?
Is it on the woman who does afternoons on love any for your hand back on the button?
So what the allegations are they're not allegations. It's fact.
The allegations were you there for this presentation, Glenn? No, I like to see the video, Glenn.
Then she has personally dubbed portions of her husband's private life show.
You're gonna tell you.
You could do it. Cox.
With a name like Cox, you can say anything. That's true. Hey, remember. Uh, anyway, they were men in the
team. Herman Herman and beans and beans. That's a great idea. Cox, remember when the
now people sued you in Pittsburgh. I remember that. What a great story. We got to
Pittsburgh, you know, Cox.
And of course, Pittsburgh is a fairly uptight town. You never missed all that
suit and the cold. I have a favorite. I don't mean interrupt you. I did interrupt you.
But you got to tell them the whole story that the now people sued Cox for using the
name Cox on the radio. Yeah. What? Yeah.
So they finally asked him. They said great. But of course, they would you please give us your name. He goes
Donald Walter Cox. And I'm on the radio. And the judge said, can you prove that I said
burst-tip could be alright. He's a case dismissed. I heard that years ago. I heard that
so I forgot about it. That's where these suckers came from because immediately after
that. Now that's a whole other story. Yeah, it is folks. With Tanner and I, February
to fifth, 1975, Tanner and I got on an airplane. We had about four hours notice that we were going to Pittsburgh on a Sunday night.
Yeah, it was fun. Yeah, we got it with a bird. 80 degrees here. And it was like 12 inches of snow on the
ground there. And we'd only been there a few days. And the radio station was on the Mezzanine at a
Cosmin building, which is a right downtown at five points in the corner. And one day, you know,
you heard all these stories about how dirty Pittsburgh was and dut-dut. And I ran, I,
there were everybody was that was crossing the street had black foot on their forehead. And I ran
into Tanner and I said, I'm booking. I'm out of leaving. I'm leaving. I'm leaving right now. I said, this
town is so dirty. People have put on their forehead. And I said, Tanner, look at me. And he said, it's
ash winds.
I swear.
All right.
Here's the bird.
Land hill.
I made the hungry. I made the hungry. I think I've been fine.
You're sitting at home listening to cream of highs. I picked up my phone. I'm frozen.
I can die.
Welcome back.
Welcome back.
The King of Knocket the Door.
It was a long, cheap, shallow, rough wish to be in for.
Yeah, just open the mics one. They can hear all this chaos going on.
I'm always wearing a team on the radio on, on the Mezzanine.
Yes, well a little tribute to Uncle Neil. Where is Neil?
He's still from Florida. Go there tonight.
I get right tonight because you've been wrong but so long, baby.
That's right. I don't have a new job. He's the valet car theft.
At what?
Combination value.
I don't look at that boom box y'all got our size.
And how come we don't have a boom box like that?
They don't need a boom box here at W.I.O.D.
I saw his commercial.
Is there any plan to be jammed?
Well, they are now. They were playing me so hungry
the one you did with your former white James John.
There it is.
I'm very sexy too but what I really want right now is a whole lot of food.
But believe it, you're not funny.
He says no point me to the fridge.
Cause me so hungry.
I don't mean so hungry.
Oh me so hungry.
Oh me so hungry.
I eat all the time.
Oh me so hungry.
I mean so hungry.
Well, look who did it.
Show now wait a minute.
You can't afford my bill.
You can't ignore me as she opens up a big bag of kiddos.
I don't want to play music here now so they can eat.
Sure, enjoy.
Yeah, we are eating by the way from Forrest.
Well, you can't tell, Bird.
No, my mouth is on a bad bowl of food.
Now we've made this famous.
Now come on, this is what we're famous for.
I've got to ask the question that I've been longing to ask.
From Forrest by the way.
You off the air.
So I'm going to ask you on the air.
Right.
Uh oh.
What is it like to be on the radio with Neil Rogers for hours a day?
Well Bill, I very honestly tell you, like a test for colon cancer.
How can I improve on that?
How can I improve on that?
Really?
Look at I possibly say to Tom Katz.
It's not painful.
It's not painful.
It's just uncomfortable.
Very seriously Bill, it's something everyone thinks they can do.
And I have encountered in the last few years an extreme amount of jealousy.
Everyone thinks they could do it.
Everyone would love to do it.
Just sit and just hang out with Neil sidekick.
What does he like as a person?
Is he off the air like a teddy bear?
No, not at all.
It's teddy bear off the air.
Because I don't know any people think he's going to be there.
Because I call it.
I'm a Neil fan.
I'm a Neely.
I think he's great.
I don't know Neil off the air.
No, he's a wonderful man off the air.
I really like him personally.
He's the most fair person I've ever encountered.
I think I was out of town.
That's right.
He's also very, very bright.
And I for some reason Bill have the ability to do that.
I know how not to bug him.
I know how to do it.
And you learn over the years.
I have a video tape I have to show you.
Of Neil doing a radio talk show on Channel 51 Television.
What?
He now?
Sitting there going, aren't you going to call?
He was doing issues in those days.
I remember the old 51 show.
I wonder if people listening to the show realize how much guys like Neil Rogers have revolutionized
talk radio.
They put emotion and audience back into talk radio.
Remember folks, when I first came to South Florida, which was I believe right after the hurricane
in late 1800s, right?
We're 26.
We came in a long boat.
Yeah, this is it.
I was exiled from which I was exiled.
I remember the WKAT.
God bless their souls, whatever they're doing now, was the only talk station in my atmosphere.
No one listened to it.
It had very low rating.
And then these guys got on WNWS before it went to sleep.
It was incredible.
And we're just raising our own dick.
You know, Dick Casper.
In the late 70s, you're asking that for you folks listening was a guy who was the first manager of Y100.
Did you see the guy who picked up that shag carpeting?
Yeah, ugly carpeting.
Oh man, the ugly is carpeting of any radio station in town.
And he personally stained it.
Right in the corners.
But it was a pretty dead place for talk radio until these guys came along and started raising hell.
And the latest chapter I guess is what's in the paper today about Neil's been successful in his lawsuit.
Yes, we can talk about that.
We don't talk about that.
No, we don't talk about that.
It says in the paper we can.
Yes, I know it does.
But we're not.
Oh, okay.
But we're very happy about it.
And you're right.
And I remember the old WNWS late 70s.
My first came to town.
Everyone in town listened to NWS.
You know, they were incredible in the stays.
Well, you were on at night.
The company that owns them now bought them because they couldn't figure out how to get that success themselves.
And as soon as they bought them, they were indedent.
No, it's radio folks.
Well, you know, what better place than South Florida to have talk radios?
You know, because you've got such a tri-ethnic culture going on here and you have animosity.
Speaking many different puns.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
But I think five miles north of Fort Lauderdale is Georgia.
So one thing though, I do think that I hear Niel a lot of times racking on radio in South Florida and the area is whole.
I don't know what it's an act.
But South Florida has great radio.
I mean, compared to New York, you talk about dull radio.
New York has dull radio.
You know, they have conservative boring dodgy.
Yeah.
This is a totally unique environment in the South Florida community with people arriving from all over the world.
And we've got to satisfy the taste of people who've lived everywhere.
It's not like if you're in one community, say, Indy and Appalus, where people are all with that Indy mindset.
Here, we've got a billion different mindsets.
And it's reflected in the way we drive as well.
We all learn how to drive in different places.
You know, and it's madness out on the road.
It's madness here in the radio studio.
Nobody knows how to drive here in the rain.
Here's a pleasure.
I say Joe, now look here.
One man, you can't beat all my child.
He looks up at me.
He's in the North on the cow and said, you got some more these biscuits.
And please pass the honey.
I'm my ever-to-heart.
Because me, so are Chris.
See how we reflect the community?
You know, what I say the one who taught you about is just that.
Because, and I want to be my director of community affairs.
And what else?
And general, nice guy.
It is.
It's a high road.
It's a lengthy, I have to take a break.
Oh, well, you go ahead and take your business.
And then when you come back.
Because I want to talk about Megan Neal Ryzen's rap star.
That's what I want.
The time is right.
You need to go with the changes.
The time is right.
I'll do the background.
I'll do the background.
Now we're getting somewhere.
We'll be.
Oh, me, so hungry.
Oh, me, so hungry.
Oh, me, so hungry.
I keep all the time.
Oh, my.
You can get that at your favorite specs.
What's your favorite specs?
No, you can't.
But we're trying to work on that.
It's good.
There's ways to make money.
Tyrone's there.
Now, see what I don't think about Neal is.
First of all, he large, kind of like heavy-d in the boys.
Or the half of him.
He Jewish like to beat the boys, right?
And he rich, so he probably got some gold.
You don't got some gold around his neck.
Yeah.
So I was thinking, you know, we changed the man named to MC Neal R.
And you can see his DJ, DJ Bird.
What do you think?
I even wrote a little rap song here.
Which I just, uh-huh.
I just have it with me.
I just have it with me.
Oh.
Yeah, that's better.
Check it out.
It's a better performance.
And I got to be the baddest tall host in all of Miami.
I got bigger ratings than all other talkers.
I won't talk about listening to a using walkers.
From a 10 grand time on the MCC, I got to have a million dollars in free publicity.
I'm going to show that everyone would like to beat and all I had to do to get ratings is E.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Yeah.
Ha-ha-ha.
I can see it.
Ha-ha-ha.
Oh, me so long.
I see it all the fun.
Now, this is the way you always play it on your show, right?
Bill, just snip it.
Yeah, we just turn it on.
The background is by sniping the head.
Snip it in.
I mean, this thing is like three and a half minutes.
I mean, where do you think you are?
You know, like a hermitant bean songs that they have on that CD, which I'm going to be.
Some cruel person would get it to a local spec.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
I'm sorry.
Some cruel people.
The cruel local broadcaster once suggested that Power 96 was actually the same record.
You see, if it's played over and over, we just take time out for our commercials.
We're going to go back to it.
So, there it is.
It's so hungry.
I said, you caught a tapeworm, you at Mangaloid.
Oh, my bed is crokkah.
And popped up on my back.
Yeah, it's good, yeah.
That's right.
Play on the wrench.
She goes down on
He's on cancer, Vinnie Winnie's
And even takes a last of that
Fuck your old Ling-Wingy
And as the wall stands for
Some of us still rumbly
She said my appetite is large
Cook me for the own grace
Only so hungry, only so hungry
I'm so hungry, I keep all the time
Now I've been playing this for an hour
And now we're making it here
We're still into the end
We're playing to y'all
Listen to who Jane Shallow is
Jane Shallow can actually be one of y'all
Listen because she like this
How can I say this
She used to be a stunt double for Mr. Ed
That's a horse-based woman
Yeah, a horse-based woman
And you had a relationship with her
A lumbering cow
On the woman
She's very large
And what explains your relationship
The kind of woman that she
Desperation
Get a great big bottle of cow-gorn
If you make love to her
It's like being on a water bed
She laid down and takes a while
For the motion to subside
And she's like right out the thigh
On a windy day
You can see white caps on the woman's house
Whatever you need
And there are mile markers
And the woman has speed bumps in her bedroom
If you want a hugger
You've got to use chalk
You start and you mark the end
Going around
Tyrone, will you tell us about your call to Larry King
When you call Nancy?
Oh, yeah, this is what Noah believes Tyrone
Yeah, nobody believes this
I couldn't figure out why
Because I always tell the truth
A moment of silent prayer for that please
Thank you
Maybe Nancy on the phone over here
I was watching Larry King live
One night and Nancy Reagan was on that
Shamelessly
Hiking her book
He's plugging that book
My burn
Yeah, that's right
My turn to get at me
So that's all Reagan
Or who else is in the blood?
John Reagan, that's right, by half the
Reagan administration doing time
You know, if they ever want to
They ever want to do a reunion to it
She can have to clear it through the parole, boy
The aim material is not so anyway, right?
Tell us what happened
Ryan says, I wonder what Ed's doing these years
10 to 20
Well, I'm sitting in a hole
Tyrone has a little Tana's idea
I can't take credit for it
So Tana was sitting at home and he called up and said
Nancy Reagan going to be on that shamelessly plug in her tacky book
What was you?
Aha, this would be real funny
Why don't you call up and ask her a question
So to put her on a spot, so I call it
A woman on the phone
A king, a king, people said
And there, ladies and gentlemen
Before God and the entire nation
Was Nancy Reagan live with Larry King
Speaking of the woman with Tyrone
A king, a woman who said about Ronny's hair
I said what I called up and I said
And the people asked me where I called it from
And I said Liberty City flood
That's what they put on the screen
Liberty City flood
Liberty City flood and Larry King goes
Everybody says, all right, I'm going ahead, please
I'm going to have to take it for a Democrat right away
Right, right?
So I said, Nancy, I want to answer your question
And I said, first of all, I want to say
I like Ronny's hair like that, that's a good look for him
Nancy laughed and Larry King laughed and
And then I said, you know, the phone call back and forth to Joan Quigley
Like who pays for them phone calls
What?
What she going to say to me
The tax pay is paid for me to be babbling off hours about
With my answer
Because Ronny go to the bathroom now, don't you
With her astrologer, right?
Ronny being the background going, I can't hold it anymore, man
And the phone, taking it on the phone
Find out if the stars are lined up
So I'll lined up
And you can hear Tyrone every morning on power 96
That's right, next to 97 GTR
I just Larry King, they don't come any better than Rogers and her payment report
Oh, Lord
We'll be right back to this, don't go away
I need a minute, we're back guys
Oh, Larry King, they don't come any better than Neil Rogers
So tradition continues
Doesn't it? That was Tyrone, by the way, we just want to mention that
We have a little party here, I guess you could say
That's kind of like a little party, we're eating, if I'm porous, we're like
I think the radio ducks
Yes, we're going to call Cramer and tell him he's going to be late
Yeah, let's do that, let's call Cramer
Give him the dial and I'll dial it
Yeah, okay, you'll have to come over here Carks
And since his neutral system weight loss, that's possible
Okay, be given out these numbers on the air
And just dial it
And then put it on hold after it clicks in
And then I can, did it click in
And then I can put it on the air
Yeah, and of course Cramer takes him a long time to answer
This is the private line directly too
This is the boss's line
Our guy who's probably the air and our calling to cuss him out for something
Now next door at the TTR, next door by the way, they are when the boss wants to call
This is the hotline
You got a strobe light flash in his eyes taking a picture
No, I've worked at stations that had him
Next door, we're going to get a hand
A Y100 has one, they have the strobe light
Same next door
The boss has to call more there
It makes noise, it goes to Ciel
Hi Cramer, oh Cocks
Hi, and Tanner
And Tanner, we're here alive or as live as one can be on the wonderful Isle of Dreams
The WIOD 16 on the AM frequency
And we thought we'd call you three
We've got everyone in town on the radio on one station
If they blow it up, we're in bad
No, I think we're better off, don't you
And we'll be here
Just start all over again, get new radio personality
I've heard you tell some of those sleazy Pittsburgh stories
That's how I've been tuning in
He's monitoring us because the EBS test
That's right, EBS Tanner is there
I'm the program director
Oh my god, I'm going to critique
Since you've been listening to that, you have the Rosemary Clooney record
You know that I'm having too much fun to come to work for a while
Well, the L would you
Somehow we knew he'd say that
To a clock, I'm out the door, babe
He doesn't fall and hit the nose
I have some radio
Well, fortunately, Kramer, you have some of those long disco records you can play
One lined up next
We're going on there and serve notice to the public, okay?
Okay, we'll do that
All right, everything okay?
Everything's fine. That's too bad
All right, Kramer, you're in charge
Manager though. That's right
You're in charge, Kramer. That's right, I'm in charge
Now what radio state can you work at again?
What? What state is this?
Power 96
Thank you very much, Kramer
It's up to 97.8TR
Yes, Kramer. Let's get those call letters out there
Somebody has something they want to say to you Kramer
Wait a minute, my song's in
Oh, can we listen?
Never bothered you before
Really?
This is only a segue. This is not important
There's nothing so said in sign-up
Successful segue
Listen to how good this is going to be
Better than sex segue
Listen to this
Oh, I might love a song into a disco tune, hold on
Man broadcasted on two radio states
Oh
It's all right
Was that better than sex frame?
That's like you're enjoying it
Too bad it didn't go into French kiss
That's not French kiss that song we play with all the moaning at the end
The fox came on after yesterday and said
Well, I sure am glad they finally got that tooth bold
You better
Want to cigarette, babe?
Give me a bucket of cold water
You're like four on that woman
Kramer
Yes sir
We have a message for someone wants to tell you something
Okay, listen carefully
Give me 15 bucks I'll put in a word for you with the Lord
That was Larry King
Larry King
Larry's here with us disembodied in the city
His memory is still floating and a few of his checks are still on the wall
I don't want to ask you a question
Long me 50 bucks
So you're being entrapped
You'll be in the track
See you Kramer
Well Kramer you threw all your materials so we're going now
Okay good night
I'll try to be there pretty close to time to go to work
You better be here exactly time to go to work
See ya
Bye
Let's see what's on these other lines
The phones are lit up
We have other calls these people have been hanging on for 100 pellet collars
Yeah probably all mobiles
Date of Miami
Yeah, bird
You're doing along Hello with Shower Guy
It's all on me 50 bucks
Hello with Shower what do you feel with guys
He's on Shower what
I don't want my own
No way
Oh sir be nice
Let me get you all stand in the man just got us
You're supposed to wait till Stan gets here before you start dumping out
You're working to just recently
Yeah be nice to that man
But thanks anyway
I really like to congratulate you on your show
And you're really keeping the ratings good for Neil here
That's right thanks a lot
To our show grin by the way
This is incredible
Dontons
We are a mile
Phil Tanner and Mark Mosley
Here Mark brought us some stuff
Besides this
But you'd never know
We'll get to him as soon as we can
I'm trying to get done with this
Let's go down another verse on it
I could eat and watch it hooters with big wallet
I know
And I had a few beers afterward
And we had big breath
Is it hooters today
Yeah a lot of them commercial right now
Reload these
Oh my god
97 GTR
Which is down the dial from power
Which is at 96.5 on your head
We were neighbors sometime in the early morning
Always used to be though
No we were 96.4
We're talking about radio
You guys started off at 96.3 and now you're 96.5
Here's the go Bill
Here's the go
That is the old 96.6 signal
96.5
Was the original signal
You mean Jerry Clifton's favorite frequency?
Yes
Jerry is the voice of the
Promotional announcements on power 96
Go where?
How are you?
Jerry come on and say
Power 96
You got to close really
You got to close you got to take a windscreen
You ever see Jerry do this?
You got to take a windscreen off
And you have to do it
Left channel and then right
You got to take channels
You can't do
I learned how to toss 45s across the programers office
Jerry Clifton is the consultant
That helps me program power 96
And Cox used to work when he actually had a job
Tell him about Jerry in a bar
Clifton you small guy
About what?
He has the biggest Napoleonic complex of anybody I've ever met
He used to
After 45 peps blue ribbons
With
With
Scale one across the dance floor
And somebody
And then when they came over to ask him why he did that
He'd say you want to fight my friend Cox
And finally after three or four of these nights out
I let him do that one night or he did it without my asking me
And the guy this burly human came over
And he said to him
You want to fight my friend Cox
And I said go ahead do anything you want to do
And I said go ahead do anything you want to do
That pretty much cured Jerry
I haven't
That cured Jerry of doing that anymore
Now if you notice Don Cox has the BC headache powder lined up in front of him
What does the Freudian implications of your line up on BC for honest pain relief headache powder?
Look I figured the show was going to be a pain
But Cox you had said this before
Oh it says for fast-paced pain relief
I thought it said for honest pain relief
Try yourself and see if you don't switch to power and he says
Oh
Well stay majors in the building
Oh yeah
There he is
Okay let's take our hand you've aged well
Oh that's too weak
Yeah
We're going to take him in that couple of years off
Friend after the break all right we'll be right
Hi I'm Tom Bovan from Motel Sick
With some fatherly advice for the young newlyweds
Come stay with us at Motel Sick
We understand a young couple sometimes don't have a lot of money to be spending on one of them fancy Hawaiian honeymoon
Besides your parents don't even know you're married and she's under age so you had to cross state lines
That's all right we won't tell the authorities providing you cooperate
We'll only charge you ten bucks for the room
And you let us make some complimentary video mnemos if you're wedding night
And don't worry you won't even know old Tom is here
I'll just be in the closet
I'm completely harmless so you kids just go at it
I won't be any bother at all
Nobody gets hurt
And nobody has to be dragged off
I've been using authorities for being under the age of consent
Oh, Bovan from Motel Sick
Come stay with us we'll leave the line on for you
That's great that's what a Mark Mosley's bit say he brought a few of these
They I really appreciate this that's great
Mosley is hilarious
Yes, Stan so
The box was just saying thank God you never took drugs
Yeah, it's true we would drop us
No, no we'd rather not
It's very true
Have a BC
I'll do a BC
Was he on the phone just for the phone?
Why not? My amy
Couldn't get worse
Yes, yeah
Yeah, Bill
Oh, well, how you doing?
Well, mine are fine sir yours
Oh, just fine, tell me can you do me a favor Bill?
I'm afraid not sir
Oh, come on, this is my favor
You're under heavy FCC warnings
No more TV commercials
Well, you know, I have to give back some of the pain that the early morning gives me
It's idiot
It's terrible
I agree sir, thank you
Okay, but another thing is
About your morning show
Why do you bother doing issues in the morning?
I don't know
I just sometimes we occasionally touch bases with reality but we try to leave as quickly as possible
Yeah, the thing that just touches me about that is
I mean your audience is mostly
Sir, what is your question?
What do you do for a living?
I'm a college student
Uh-huh
What are you going to be when you go on?
Well, possibly an engineer
I see you're on a guest proctologist
What do you translate so that we should never touch base with reality?
Well, especially with your audience
You know, you got basically
Why don't you do an ethnic slur for us?
I feel that coming, sir
No, I wasn't going to do an ethnic slur
I was going to come close
I was going to say Castro haters
And teeny hoppers
We have those
We have both subcultures listening, yes
Which one do you fall into, sir?
Well, what do I fall in?
I'm from
He's in the academic vacuum
I think he's approaching post-pubescence, but it isn't working
Yeah
He's in the academic vacuum
But every time a call comes in, I can predict exactly what they're going to say
I can too
Then into the electric chair or
I recall saying that several times, were you listening then?
I must have been out of room at the time
You were sitting in the electric chair
Okay
All right, sir, well we will clear
That's okay, that was the opinion
That's right
All right, opinions are like that
And that's fine, man, everybody's got one
That did you like the pizza from Florida?
And would you like to say we're a dress?
I'll stand in the rain
The pizza was Florida was great
Would you say who would like to address that?
What the gentleman called him a gentleman?
What did he say?
Turned and I'd like to throw around a lot
He would ask him why do we do that?
Because people are interested in it
You know, comedy is fine
And weather is fine and traffic and all that
But a lot of the people who listen to the morning show like
Particularly we do a commentary, Jim Realey, who is a commentator
This morning was on a Liberty Letterman
Yeah, all about the Latin spin
So that's, you've got some interesting things
There's something that you said are interesting
Jim takes, Jim takes, well, Jim's pretty conservative guy politically
And he takes some pretty strong stands
And people call up and fight on it
You know, and a lot of people say
What the hell they want to do that for?
Why don't you just play another Tyrone record?
But we do it because it's our show and it's not nerds
And they're looking forward to careers in talk radio
They are, and that's true, we are
But it's the same with this show
Brunching that age, don't you think?
Uh-oh
But it's not talk about it
And Tanner's birthday is December the 6th
Is it real?
So we're going to play a comment on it
We'll be changing demographic groups once again
Oh, he goes up in the...
He goes up in the my demo
Yeah, then goes up to the next demo
Oh, oh my
I'm just worried about going into WLYF's demo or something
Not quite that bad yet
Production's easier though
But I'm heavy in the news talk
Yeah
Okay, let's go to Miami, hello
Well, yeah
Burr, you're doing a great job there on the show
Oh, thanks
I think it's tremendous
I like to congratulate Mark Mosley
With all the work he's doing on Parliament at 96
Thank you
Great too
And I like to know if you have a card for GTR
The one about the condom
A card?
Yeah
A card
Oh, sure, that one, the one we're no longer permitted to play
Really?
Is it number three?
Yeah, it's right there
I can't even name it
A.M. nor FM is permitted to sign any longer
Thanks to your federal government
Oh, let's see what it is
96
It's a public service
And it tries to stop the spread of the gastro-disease A
And it offers some suggestions on how one might do that
So you have to buy the CD to hear it
But you can't buy it because it's sold out
Hold down
And don't call me for a tape, please
We're becoming more and more conservative here
Sorry
That's that's that stuff that you know
You know exactly what's going on in there
But you're not permitted to hear it any longer because
That's the way the country works
And why is TV exempt?
Well, there's an interesting point about that that's made
Funny that you should ask about that
Yeah, I'm going to bring with me now
A little piece of paper
This is one of the radio trades
Good, they no longer come in the mail, they fax them to you
So what it says here, this is a guy named Jeff Pollock
Who is another one of those radio consultants
Yes, he is apparently Jeff Pollock
And this big thing that says he is further perplexed
At an apparent double standard
Yes, the FCC inconsistently find two Miami radio stations
For playing the song P, blank, blank, blank, blank, blank, envy
Yet dropped a complaint against the Heraldos show
For its discussion of angry, the V word, and angry, the P word
For some of these of their own
So this guy is saying, do you want Al Psyx, who's the FCC chairman
Deciding the artistic value of such songs as Marvin Gaye's sexual healing
The Eagles' life and the Fast Lane
Diastrates money for nothing with its line about very little, the F word
Will the FCC ultimately tell Ted Coppill, Phil Donahue, Oprah Winfrey, and Dr. Ruth as well as local news editors
What issues they can and cannot talk about over the air, where does this censorship stop?
What do you think, Skip? I mean, you know, I know you have some legal background
Well, you know, there's in New York City, the Museum of Modern Art
There's this big painting by Picasso, a classic musical painting called The Three Musicians
And there's a dog, it's a cubistic painting
And it's a little hard to decipher the figures and the dog's tail
It's kind of between somebody's legs underneath the table
Don't you think we ought to rip that painting off the wall?
And you're a bit, anyone to see that because after all, they might get the wrong impression about how to think
Well, what this guy is basically urging is the broadcaster stand up and make a united front
And say that this should not happen, that this censorship then it shouldn't happen
Well, the things that are happening in Eastern Europe right now, those people are asking for freedom
They're asking if they want to hear these songs
But that's the ironic thing about it here, Europe is now asking for democracy and a little openness in their government
And they're asking a lot of governments to resign and a lot of them are doing it
And in this country, we seem to be going backwards
Well, I think the other TV and you watch the world over there, I think the show that's happening is on this lexic lesbian Satanist mother-in-law
I think you might just be like, and you wonder how to just sit around and smoke something and come up with these toppings
They've got to run out of ideas
Well, I think what they do is cut a bunch of words, just individual words out of the newspaper
And then toss them up and then have a lay land
Let's see the topic for tomorrow
Lesbian Denses
Paulie Lovewood, Cowboy Punk Rocker
How about the commercials on TV for the fantasy lines?
We call it for like 35 bucks a shot, they run during afternoon sports programming on cable
You can be a nine-year-old kid and tune in
The latest one is Mrs. Clause, Mrs. Santa Clause, she's doing what?
Talking about your Christmas fantasy
I bet she is
We can't play 30
Gentlemen, I'm going to have to say goodbye, I have to go do a radio show
As opposed to this?
Keep it clean, cost
I'll try my best
Right when you go do the news, I'll stay till you do the show
Well, yeah, that's right
Well, okay, great. Well then what do we think?
Yeah, we need to take our last break of the hour
Okay
From Palm Springs to Palm Beach
She's filled every basement work center in the country
And now get ready, Helen Dale
Today, the sportsman's wealth is good
A stranger calls us to be bad
I love you too
This Sunday, one afternoon only, a mercenying blue hair over the regga-door
This will
This will
This right really takes us
I have a falling love
Okay, all day up to noon, in the basement work room of the millenies
Please come to the building of the house
Oh, these little milk, what special guest, put a single on here
Thank you all
Oh, you must wait
I'm in love
I'm a popular prince, Finn Blackner
Who is Finn?
Oh, it makes me so warm
I am claiming claim
The whole night rule
Adventure is unsealed now, it won't go in birth
One is done, cafeteria liberation
Online, I don't feel secure, remember
What you probably want
Ah, ah, ah, ah
It's the law, it's the perfect way
It's the law, it's the perfect way
You can say that on my cut
God, yes, I can say it
Cox, when did taste ever matters here?
Yes, I just going to say it's a discount for Alzheimer's face
But he forgot what he was going to say
And now a pun
Welcome to a radio party, except this one is not behind the scenes, it's on the air
Don Cox is here for a few moments, you got to go, you got to go to the radio
I actually do a real show
Cramer is going to walk in
You did
You never know whether you're talking to Mark or Tyrone
Some of the adventures of being on the radio with most
Yeah, I can't imagine
And in addition to Tyrone, we brought with us a gentleman who for a number of years earned his living as a professional beer taster in Davy Ford
Here is ladies and gentlemen, Red Wood
Thank you very much
Oh yeah, go ahead
Red married to a woman with a substantial growth of back hair
He actually has her name spelled out in it
It's why his name is Balza
My wife's name is Balza Wood
And she's a pretty large woman
It would turn out to this woman
Well, the other day I was a...
Yeah, the other day I was a...
Son's name is Drift
Yeah, my son's name is Drift, he's 13
And I got a daughter 15, her name is Ply
And she's Plyable
She is in love with as many young girls as she is with Ernest Borgnine
He has actual beef cake posters of Ernest Borgnine
On the wall
And lining the trailer park at 95
At 95?
Not at 95
Not at 95 trailer park
You know what happened to me the other day
You don't have to meet the other day
You know what happened to me the other day
I know you don't I?
Well, the whole family
I was going to say the other day over naughty pines
Just the other day we had a terrible thing happen to me
I was out in my front yard
Or what I call my front yard
And this is for it
And concrete slab
I yelled out to my next door neighbor
And this young Latin youths having me driving by
And they heard me call out to my neighbor
And they jumped out of their car and beat the living son
That was a love call that you actually had
Was my next...
...discudement issued from your mouth
My next door neighbor Sue Maudray
Sue Maudray
I jumped out of the car unprovoked and beat the hell out of him
I jumped believing
We'll get some more false stuff in here
We have a collect call from Christmas Florida here
Hello
Hello Christmas Florida on the farm
Hey
Hey, you know where Christmas is?
I know where it is
Well this is the busiest post office in the United States
For Christmas just so you'll know
You guys moved by any fast and then regular place?
That's what Florida is for me
It's located between Orlando and Titusville
And I moved out of Miami
I lived down there six years
I moved out about six months ago
Yeah
And had changed jobs and moved up to Orlando
Yeah, it's hard to find violence
The greatest part is I'm going to tie...
I'm sending such dire desire for big city radio with you
You guys come close
Yeah
That is what you're going to get
And you can hear us, right?
I know, I'll send you in
I listen to the end of the rendering and I heard the bird come on
And I can't believe I got the entire radio market of South Florida on the farm
Yeah, it was kind of polluting the entire peninsula
Florida
I told you they can hear us all over this state
Oh yeah, absolutely I'm an enemy
Number of sheep are grazing, listening to us happily and incredibly now
Correct
So did they ever finish I-95?
Did they radio station or a highway?
The radio station version is definitely finished
Yeah, I think he's easily finished it off and moved on to highway 105
Take a fork and it's done
Anyway, I just say I think it's great
I thought I'd stop in Christmas
And I knew you'd be interested in who is in Christmas and why are they calling?
Yeah
Well this is great because I was just telling them earlier that you can hear us all over the state
God knows who's listening to us
Just think about how many people is getting this radiated frequency and what it's doing to their brain now
It's great, it's fulfilling
I've found the spirit again
Oh okay
I have a good pleasure to the coast though
Yeah
Well I'm really a doctor and get rid of it, sir
Get a prescription
Yeah, my car is
I took my old job back at the beginning of the week but they decided they'd let me do it up here in Orlando
And I just found it
It's sort of the heartwarming moment where I started back at my old job who's based in Miami and
and gosh, there you guys are on the radio
And phone caller or biographer
It's a travel law
It almost brings a tear to my eyes
Well I'm sorry to hear that, sir
Thank you for calling
Hey, I appreciate you guys being on and it's great showbird
Tell Neil that you're definitely stiff competition if he knows what I mean
Can we go now?
Is it time for the news?
Debra is going to do the news
Debra Martinez, a guy that's going to say look, I had a great time these three hours
Thanks for coming back
And I'm sure you will treat Tanner well
Well I'm going
Only for more hours to go
But we'll be back in a few minutes
Hey boy, girls, it's Tyrone
Tyrone's steel is a really cool dude
And now you can have fun playing with Tyrone
Yes, it's the Tyrone steel talking doll
Full of real gold chain and he says 14 different chill things like
I'll be a hubcat
Or, oh, look out, it's the police
And you can have fun pretending that Tyrone is stolen all the furniture from Barbie's dream house
This is a right stereo
And Tyrone comes with accessories
Six watches, a real gold chain and this crowbar
And he's a real gold chain
The Tyrone steel talking doll
Just in time for Christmas kids
Talking Tyrone doll comes with everything you see here with me Houston doll sold separately from Scamo
I'll see you to ease that city because with me Houston has my girlfriend
And just for here it goes this again
Now I asked him my girlfriend's name is Jenny Taylor
Yeah, now that's the trick
Jenny's a big woman
Let's put that delay on Barbie, what do you think?
I think it might be a spilping
We're waiting for it to build
I feel much better when that light comes up
Well, it takes a while
You know one of the things that we do on a 10 in the morning show
This would be okay for the senses and stuff
He said the lights are on really Tyrone
All right, well one of the things that we do
We do a thing called a street math lesson
And yeah, all right, you were very popular with that one
This would be good because this is a very erudite doll party
You did an example of a one of Tyrone street math lessons
You have to solve the math problem
Here it is
A trial rail train leads downtown Miami at 6.22
Now listen carefully
Racing North not stop along a congested I-95 at 50 miles an hour
It arrives in Fort Lauderdale at 6.27 now
What are the odds that the two people on the train know each other?
People are applauding
Now that's an issue that's the problem
My people are Negro
They host the People Dole Want issues
Oh, oh my
Apparently we don't want the train either
There's no issues, no answers
Okay, let's go to the phone
This is a call from Kogendeh Grove
Hello
Hi, bro, How were we so far from Anchść.5?
Oh my god.
Sheila how are you great how come you're not here Sheila well I wasn't invited do you
remember Bill when we did the swimsuit show last summer do you remember that show
and Sheila was one of the models all right Sheila yeah baby yeah how's it going
Sheila very good I just wanted to call him say hi as you know I don't like calling
when Neil's there why is that Sheila because Neil's always rude to me and you
don't stick up for me when he does that hey he sticks up for you all the time
hey did that delay build up something's building up are you enjoying the show
today Sheila yes it's great it's a radio show it's great yeah so when are we
going to do another bathing seat show whoa well I don't know but call me a
Monday and mention yes he is the one who settled my lap during the all right
she will we'll get the birds addressed to you it'll be tonight at about 10 30 go
drive behind the 7 11 flash your lights twice near the dumpster and if
someone comes out with a raincoat on it'll be the bird it'll be the bird well
glad you're reminded me I have to think about maybe next summer Sheila yeah it's
kind of a summertime you know we did it in July you know it's good yeah did you
have a good time that day yeah what is a lot what is that noise it's a
little beat that we have on our phone what does it mean it's for it's for
security oh my god we're being monitored for the FCC you're recording this for
something oh I'm recording it so I can play it on my tape recorder oh she could
get away to go now thanks for calling I'm allowed to be recorded now we get very
nervous I own I would like to have time talking for Christmas I tell you what
give your name and address and what time you won't be at home in a couple of
the boys will meet you then and I will come around like about two o'clock tomorrow
morning and rifle through your credenza see you Sheila okay come see later how
about that huh yeah she's set on my lap bill while this really we did a swim you
know the swimsuit show on the radio maybe you better put that second delay in the
back up the day before they rebuilt the console wasn't it yes yeah well it's a
show I'll never forget I don't know about I'm sure the audience but it was really
quite a show to do oh yeah you may want to try that sometime when your show
bill I certainly would I'm doing it tomorrow morning 96.5 on what left of your FM
dial it was right next to it that's right next to nice and GTR Bill okay South Miami
hello hey there birds hi how you're doing hey Bill yo what's up how you doing I
got fond memories of you Bill oh no nothing bad don't worry about it okay is back
years and years and years ago back when you and Jim and were on the the why and the
former Y 100 right the old Y 102 I used to give away remember the mugs used to
give away oh yeah yeah mug people you know we talked about people getting mugged
so we had a promotion where we people got mugged in the morning oh yeah I came up there
I think I came up twice oh and the booty you stay boy booty that's right
loose we had a we actually have a book for the station whose name was loose booty
duty it was really a lot of fun it is the only time I've really ever gotten to
do it go into a studio and everything and oh you came up and visited so I did all the
all the time yeah you told me come on up and yeah right and and the wall paper at the
old at the former Y 100 was really something to admire all I remember is that that
that felt like a holiday in bathroom yeah yeah it was it is that it is that one time I was up
there though I I didn't know how because the only person that was in there was the person I think
they came on after you because I called by call like early in the morning when you were on
mm-hmm and I don't was it Kramer that came on after you Kramer the midday man
right even then Kramer even a while out of a rather mediocre career and it was like he was the
only person in in the room and I couldn't tell him he meant I got to go and I was like stuck in
there one time because it took him like about 40 minutes for him to to like take a break or whatever
one time so you were imprisoned in the I was imprisoned there I mean I enjoyed it but
well let's not get into this so I mean that we've gone far enough with that story um she's stuck in
the thing with Kramer it kind of boggles the mind like Cox when Cox sped out on and played the
locomotion he really did do that yeah I know that he locked himself in the studio forever and it
was something that you know really affected many people's lives towards them where they live
they're still talking about it uh we're having a really you don't really want to tell stories
bill about tell your engineer and me uh going to crazy I'm not a engineer Greg the stick
the looper the looper the looper and the interloper as he's known the engineer Greg Stryckman and
the bird here are friends and they visit various taudry joints how did you see you know the kind of
places that you see lots of footage of tonight on slime keg under the guys that it's real news
that people want to see that's right and not a cheap ploy to get rating that's right I went out
uh next door to the television station you're doing the news and watched them preview some of that
some boys in the back room were running over some footage for the news tonight now it was research
bill yeah research in the place anyway the story is so bubbles is back bubbles called me a few
weeks ago she's back you're that Stryckman bubbles is back but we'll never get in
oh engineering work done now I alerted him you know well let's see what was the story let's see
he tries to remain calm but he gives himself well you know I need to go with the most perverted friend
I have and uh he took the bill you Greg you know I get love so now we had a great time actually we
had a good time we we were on our best behavior he was trying to lie about where he was going
actually and we busted him you know what was so funny was the day I went up to pick him up that day
he went after work and Cox told it on the radio where we were he told the world you know where we
were going that's our man yeah sure is boy it was fun having him here today Cox is a radio veteran
probably he should be mr. disc jockey of some year of perhaps a century they could give away
you know for for radio awards little statues of Cox naked they would be called did you get your
Cox I want a Cox for that one oh my I think we better go to the phones again we have calls this
was Fort Lauderdale we're treading what's going on hi hey I just wanted to call and comment on the
show I think it's great that you can get all these personalities together and uh he goes don't
step in um a ledge personality sir a ledge personality we have to put that word in so you
enjoying it yeah it's rather different I just wanted to put my two cents in I guess and I
keep up the good work it better than that one guy you got from San Francisco that time Alex Alex
Alex made a lot of pressure the week yeah well take care guys thanks for calling all right okay uh
here's Miami hello hello hi hey what's up hey how you doing what's up to who you want to talk to
I want to talk to Tanner and all the power 96 crew okay he's here what's up guys
what's up to you I did I need you for doing a good job thank you very much thank you I think
Paranise is the greatest space and I've heard you know and I've come from New York I'm telling you
oh they got no fish and I forget it and you know from that you know you guys from
Kramer to lies and little lies and all you guys and the power makes you guys
you guys one and he's our youngest disc jockey and approaching here but you want to come with us
today but what happened is his hormones uh he's shocking off hormones is such an incredible rate
it would interfere sometimes you get him close to a radio tower
his hair goes like hey why then make this nation walk there because he got so many
you know what I think is an incredible story bill is geno latino who used to do I get
the weekends at your station it's now at the brie yeah yes that's just hard to imagine
geno is a good disc jockey and he's versatile uh when he first came to uh I first knew him he was
working the overnight show at the former y100 and and then uh then uh he we hired him to do weekends
at um the former hot 105 you've been at a lot of four places boy have I we got road burn on this
room uh uh former road burn it's a mobile for you anyway he uh can work for us work for us
he tells him mobile oh my god hello i think it's a fast word speak quickly because you're not
going to be on line your call your connections also time magazine phones oh that's better
hey one that's uh herman there uh hey what happened uh when he left she for uh there why did
he come off the air for while oh big lawsuit lawyers are big lawsuit lawyers uh how you'll
commotion dancing like rash money money pain in the neck yeah why because they liked
that a lot of great publicity oh that was a lot of commotion I don't know if I
I don't know if I'd like to go back for a while I'm not sure you know we make our
living on the radio working in the morning and this is this idea putting suits on
and ties these guys who were ties here and they also don't understand we're in
a good court you try to play this Perry Mason bit you try to answer all the
questions truthfully people trying to intimidate you but you have a lifetime of
lying sir because of being on the radio you see and you know today they
even have to wear suspenders so you know oh and they practice the phrase I do
not recall it was just a big hassle because how do I describe this succinctly
and and without too much venom and without using the delay something like
something like they didn't want us to go but they wanted us to go and then when
we went they didn't want us to go but they wanted us to go even more and we'll
see in court that's pretty much how it wound up you know this delay appeals to
Tyrone have you noticed it like this idea now that means that you I hope it's
well hidden the process will be gone to park you get
the land and Harry talk a lot and tell a deal all right we're gonna continue with
Mark Mosley skip herman and Bill Tanner here on the Neil Roger show right
after this
was the night before Christmas five Tyrone was the night before Christmas and all
through the house not a creature was throwing except for me Tyrone I was in the
house the people did not know I was in the house because I was being quiet as a
mouse the stockings was hung by the chimney with care to what none of them so I
left them down the people was nestled all snug and they beds looking for them
otherwise I might have had to break their head when out on the lawn there were
roads such a clatter it scared me so much almost dropped the silver serving
clatter I ran to the window and what did I see a man in the red suit staring at me
I did not know that it was jolly Saint Nick so I grabbed from my knife really damn
quick then as I heard him coming down the chimney I knew that it had to be either
him or me a bundle of goodies he had on his back with at least 20th upon shop run by
my friend Jack he had a broad face and a little round belly that shook when he
laughed like a bowl full of preserved he was chubby and plump a big man standing
there he was so big almost in the heaven of robbers I tied him to the chair I
could tell he was mad his cheeks began to glow his eyes burned like flames as I
grabbed his terry old I finished my work quite as a mouse then turned to my
told him man you picked the wrong house I opened the window and then not to be
rude I way goodbye to the old dude and I heard him explain as I drove through
the snow something I can't repeat on the radio
you know you want to buy some reindeer man I know I'm gonna say classic tyrone
yeah I feel good like request for you know I'm mellow with eight I'm in the
legitimate stuff now for example this Christmas I have out my own line of
Christmas greeting cards it's tyrone's greeting cards when you care enough to
break a dollar and I give you an example of one of this Christmas time a
time of great cheer I should be jolly a Saint Nick but I'm not feeling
cheery because you see that fruitcake you gave me made me sick that's very good
tyrone very seasonal all right this is a call from one of these guys get home safe
at night is it
this time let's wear you out in the water bill here's a call from Delray hi hello
they know pretty much like Delray to me yeah does that they listen again
yep that's Delray is there any question well then let's go to pop an
obi
hello hi hey is this the bird yes sir how you doing I just thought you would be
cool to call I'm a friend of Tanner and Mark then tyrone too Robert the
security guard
yeah I was just listening to you guys on the way down in my trucks I decided to stop
to call you from a payphone and the truck stop a lot of people have done that
sir how you guys doing we're of course lovely and talented and how are yours
Robert I'm pretty good man you're working hard and stuff you know I don't have
a story to tell like most people do when they call here I just thought it was
a lot of people to call this station do not have a story
yeah calling to suck up to a right now but you know I show it builds around
people sucking up to the other right hey why never met brits are you doing
very much okay you're the security guy at power no no no no no no no no no
they all you're the security guy when they and on the morning we're big with
security guards you know people have to boom by sat there keeping the condo
secure yeah I used to get bored and call Tanner and bother him every day
mm-hmm yep
and I bought it in tyrone especially mm-hmm that's right and meanwhile of course
tyrone visited your home and when you got there what was there yeah because
the man worked overnight I work and other things secure meanwhile back at the
ranch now I drive a I drive a meat truck remember so my home my home is empty all day
oh I didn't catch your address I live at 14 14 turn bike weight yeah yeah all
right you got to take it all right you called okay do you live a bird and good night and good night and
fort Lauderdale oh oh hi hi bird hey how's it going okay you want to take any
questions about movies today not today well let's talk about a couple of movies
well I quite this is the holiday movie going season oh you had a street math
lesson about one of the movies oh I did one cool it was I wait let me
hold on a second I can find it because I had it written down here yeah we'll take care
about Eddie Murphy's new move how to be mm-hmm it was I'm gonna give it to you here it is all right
hey this is a street math lesson or village nights yes the film critic viciously
pans Eddie Murphy's new movie giving it one and a half stars the movie makes
16 and a half million dollars in a first weekend the question is what
percentage of the film critics yearly salary does Eddie leave as a tip at lunch
now is that satisfying you all right talk about movies mm-hmm goodbye goodbye
that was that was great yeah talk show master we'll talk about movies later in the
week we will we'll take care the we're gonna you know we'll take care of the best
for how well you know okay shall we go to Hollywood hey what's going on the
home of former Wyland hundred yes hello hey what's going Tyrone yes hey did
you used to do the or still do the uh most commercials the most come
I was that he's that was Jimmy Michael McKay oh he Michael was the most that's right
but he's not doing anymore no we just are two yeah he mooses up his hair in the
morning no we just heard the moves on some radio station didn't we did you die
yeah probably next door yeah you guys run the moves and we'll run anything
they pay you know we got the million dollar music guarantee you give us a million
dollars and we'll put you in yes yes no I think they most mostly run heads on
radio stations that have people with a lot of uninsured drivers oh I see our
entire audience is totally covered but Jimmy Michael does work at power 96
yeah yes he does so you're very close they're actually dumbed yum dumb yeah
they know but no the reason why I was asking was because I there used to be very
funny yes very funny used to be yeah there used to be and I noticed a difference
of them now they've gotten kind of uh dumb you know oh no no no no jeez
and uh maybe they just uh you know hitting the bottom of the material doing
them for years yeah he's still the one doing it maybe you know you can't get
everything you know a perfect that's right they can't all be gems yeah well
anyway yeah yeah they did used to be hysterical that's true I'm
cleaned up that act too maybe we are taking phone calls for Mark
mostly built Tanner skip her minutes here we're talking about radio today here's a call from
Coral Springs yeah oh gladden I hope you're going on vacation next week you're
going to be in a lot of trouble uh oh for what oh for this show you put out
why he was going to rip it for at least the most why why why yeah because I
think if they divide up Neil Sauer you could have paid all these guys to show up
on your show every day for the rest of your life that's true are we splitting
Neil Sauer you were really expecting us to take a fan to that statement oh no
all right now I want you to take a fan I haven't got any insurance they're not
only would I take your fan but I would take your dog and he was dancing yeah
yeah yeah this is a great show oh good thank I mean I you know I'm listening
you do a lot of your own shows when when Neil's gone but this has got to be at
the top of the list good I'm glad you enjoyed it and I like I said when Neil gets
back you're in trouble you're in trouble you know this shows a lot like what it's
like in a hotel room when somebody that we all know flies down from up north and
you just hang around in party and just BS all right that's right it's just a radio
party radio guys as that we I decided to put it on here so you can hear what goes
on and it goes on all the time right it does it does every since around talks about
radio and we're gonna take another break that's the only difference between
that is right and a radio party you see a stuff fun during the commercial that's
true but that's just the way it is I'm sorry folks we'll continue now from
the channel to I wouldn't argue that the queue and hey where's that going what's
he doing with that machine gun oh my god what's there was a device here was bad
off with reading one story after another about drugs and violence now she wants
to write the wrong and rewrite the news in and oh starring and mission I'll
see you tonight at five six hundred and a half and oh she took the news into her
old hands what are you going to do with me when I get through with you there won't be enough
of you left to make a good two pay for Don all
and
and
and mission also starring Carl weather's enjoy cluttered
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
I
okay we play that cuz that's one of morsley classics
take account
and
and
wrote you a letter to
while you guys wound up with the somehow through the
and
and
broke
and
nice letter and it said thank you for sending it to me she says I listened to it one night
after the eleven o'clock news on the way home.
I almost drove off the road.
I almost drove off.
Do you imagine?
No.
I'm mostly.
Kills and mishaps.
Of the potato.
So and she very complimentary letter.
She said whoever did the impression was very good and everything and she even signed
it and bowed bishop.
Yes, she did.
She's a very nice person.
She really is.
And she is and she's the dean.
I'll tell you a little bit.
Up sounds like a very good story on an ambitious but you know you sit there and you
watch the various television anchors and some of them do a superb job at reading the
teleprompter.
But I saw an bishop doing a story doing one of these a challenge and prime time new
specials that they did on the eastern strike and you talk about a lady who was totally
prepared.
She had a difficult situation in that she had studio guests with her that she had to
interview.
She had people on the television monitor at a remote location she had to interview and
she kept her distance from all of it and asked exactly the right questions and you could
tell they weren't all scripted and prepared because the people in those situations would
throw her into ad lib situations.
But she had her facts so totally together and she was so quick that she just jumped up
in my estimation all kinds of points right there.
She is a real credit to the television industry.
And Bill I honestly believe and I'm serious when I say that that it is not just a
good night without an end to white.
Yeah.
And the rest of the channel to I witness he was here.
And what is here?
What does Don know by the way?
Not very much.
Bill look at the phones.
They are blazing.
The blazing phones are the one-of-hour.
The phone is for Ann Bishop from Channel 10 I witness he would like to take a call.
Let's take a call.
Let's go to Pompano.
Hello.
Hi.
I'm the first time caller.
Oh my.
I listen all the time but if I had to listen to a show like this every day I would not mind
being at work because my day has flown by.
Oh that's really nice.
It's all I have been great.
Very entertaining.
Great.
Thanks.
Thank you and we'll see you tonight.
Hi.
Five six months.
I can't wait to watch.
Don does not know.
I don't know.
Thanks for calling.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Okay.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
I don't go in.
Hi.
Good.
I'm going to ask you a question and let the other people in the studio maybe get ideas.
Since you seem to be such good personal friends with these guys, what about a professional
friendship?
I mean more than you ever think about leaving Neil and going with these guys somewhere?
No.
You wouldn't do it?
No.
Just why?
You wouldn't want to risk your friendship as friends?
No.
It's because you know what has like been around us everything.
You're a bad breath in the morning.
Besides he doesn't have to get up early on that and I got to tell you you know being Neil
Rogers sidekick ain't cheesy.
No.
No, I'm very happy with what I'm doing.
I very much enjoy working with Neil.
He's like the truly seriously like the smartest man I've ever met in this business.
I'm very happy and I'm very thankful, very grateful for my position here.
And Neil is presently able to keep his visa card paid off.
Yeah, because I got the pleasure of working with you and Neil.
I was an intern at your old old old station a few years ago.
I was a great working with you guys.
I'm going to have a great time and Neil was you know Neil's the hell of a nice guy.
Yes he is.
And so whatever people think about him it's probably not true.
Yeah.
And you know you yourself were pretty damn nice to us.
I can't complain.
Good.
All right so you know great talking to you.
Thanks.
All right, the like.
That is funny Bill because Neil is a pit bull often on the air you know.
Yes, I know.
A mad man.
I know.
And off the air he said normal and he's great and it's hard to be able to believe that.
But everybody says that because it is absolutely the truth.
Yeah.
But it's hard to believe if you listen to this show.
If you know enough radio personalities anybody in the business would say yeah that's probably right.
A lot of people are completely different on and off the air.
It's not McBean.
I'm happy.
McBean is the same on the air as he is on the air.
Well you know Skip there's exceptions to every rule.
He's falling down drunk out in the hole.
We're never going to forgive him for bringing in that smoking popcorn.
That's what he's going to offer.
Some people bring a smoking gun.
McBean brings a smoking popcorn.
I never smelled anything like that in my life.
You were looking for that on the watergate.
You were smoking popcorn.
Here's a call from Miami now.
Hey Glenn.
Hi.
I hate to burst your bubble but I'm going to need to get a show.
Get a life.
Get a show Glenn.
Come on this is getting pre-boring.
What are you going to play tomorrow all the bits?
No.
I know you're going to be here though from the first second until the closing.
I'm going to play some more tapes Glenn.
Don't get this real bad.
Not only do you have the freedom to talk for as long as you want until the commercial comes up.
You don't have to worry about playing tune.
You're all the original listeners.
You have constructed criticism.
That's right.
You're all the radio audience.
So here's Mr. Constructive.
Are you sure that was constructive?
Destructive.
You sounded like somebody looking for problems.
I used to work for this guy.
Yeah, I think you do.
Was that Bob or you shot?
Was that Bob or you shot?
Yeah.
You're my mind worked exactly the same.
Yeah, exactly.
With different people.
Let's not make it too inside.
Oakland Park.
I don't worry about that guy.
Look, you're all swell guys.
You're all right.
Four hours.
We give one a crank.
It's for four SOBs, but we're here doing this.
So you're going to live with it for another 40 minutes or whatever.
I hope you all get big packages for Christmas.
15 minutes.
Why good?
I'm talking about the end of the truth.
And that guy didn't turn his radio off yet?
He'll be there.
15 minutes more to make it work.
It's so loud.
You have no idea.
He's going to be so upset when it's over.
And by the way, you did not burst my bubble, sir.
Now, yes, sir.
Yes.
Hi, all you guys.
You want today?
Good.
How are you?
Good, not too bad.
What do you think about the commercial?
Don't you buy no ugly trick?
I think it's ridiculous.
But the most commercials are, and people go out and buy the ugly drugs, and the nice ones do,
and the people buy some more commercials, and here we are.
I've all done them.
I don't know that spot.
Don't you buy no ugly trick?
Is that a radio spot?
I think Cox does that.
When you don't know that spot.
I honestly don't know that spot.
I've actually done take-offs with that spot.
You know when a spot, you know when it's good.
It's going to do take-offs of it.
What it is is everybody searches for memorable lines for commercials, and whether you like that one or not, it's like you know.
It's back in your head, sir.
You have to play the old commercial game.
You've got a spot that you enjoy, and then you do the punchline, and then you say, OK, well, who's the client?
OK, you know, I'm going to drive well some car, but which one?
Then you start to have to water if it's effective or not.
Somebody should put up one ugly cars.
Well, Marvin put it on the screen.
He knew the client's name.
He wrote it on the screen.
Yeah, see? He knew it.
It works.
Never say no.
You didn't do the marketing.
You don't want to check to the mail.
So that's the reason it works.
People will remember.
It's true.
It's weird, but it's true.
OK, I'll get it.
OK.
All right.
Fort Lauderdale next.
Hello.
Glenn!
Yeah.
It says Croc.
It's Croc and I'll dummy.
That's right.
It's got it right.
That time I don't believe it.
You guys aren't getting paid for this, are you?
Oh, yes, we are.
Actually, they don't know we're getting paid for it.
They're paying us off in hubcap.
We believe.
They don't even notice.
But when we leave, and they go out to their cars,
later on this afternoon, after putting it at 9 to 5, you know,
then they do here.
By the way, Tyrone, who is Edmund Anson?
Ed Anson?
Yeah.
You parked in his spot.
All right.
Oh, what I guess the joke's on me.
Pick up my car down at the compound underneath I-95.
I actually see him sometimes when I'm in the parking lot.
If you don't know Ed Anson, owns Channel 7.
Yeah.
I see him.
He waves at me.
He's very nice.
Now you got to the end of the 1 to 2 hour, I guess,
with our gang today.
Yeah.
It's been okay with that crime.
Hey, it's been a great show.
Really great.
Well, that's good to hear.
I'm afraid that you guys are going to bump Neil out of a jar.
Don't worry.
I don't think all of you know.
Yeah, it would.
That's for sure.
Well, chronic crocs, find it all.
Okay, crocs.
Good, I really, Australian.
Been a croc, yeah.
Is he really?
Yeah.
You're a mate.
20 years.
Been a black.
20 years from now.
Basketball grade Jerry West is going to look just like Ed.
Hanson looks today.
Really?
Yeah.
There are pictures.
This is a little inside look here.
I know it's about as exciting as the drummer of the Rolling Stones being David Brinkley in
the end.
That would be dumb started with the third leg of Metro-Ao.
You know.
Oh, show it in Trinkley.
The world's oldest living endeavor.
So show it at the orange bone last week?
No, I didn't.
I'm sure there was David Brinkley on the phone.
No.
Really?
Have people been wondering how Bill Wymne can be 53 years old and married a 19-year-old woman?
It's because he hasn't moved since the first year.
It's got a lot of energy left.
Brinkley.
Andrum.
There you go.
I can't get no.
Santa Fe.
Yeah.
Figured me.
I got off of my club.
Okay.
That's Mark Mosley, Skip Hermons here, Bill Tanna.
We have our last break of the show.
Our last break.
And then we're going to finish it off here.
That's right.
I'll be back to sing Brown Sugar.
How come you face so good?
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
A news talk radio 610-W-I-O-D.
If you missed the last show, you missed this.
Mill Drudd.
Yes.
And I'm a Canadian.
And I'm an elderly person.
And I'm ashamed of you because my son's name is Stan.
And I'm a lot of...
Wait a minute.
You're ashamed of me because I speak out, right?
I say something.
I say something that nobody else is...
Just one moment, mister.
Hey.
You give me a time.
Yeah.
Why?
Why should I give you any time?
You're just going to compound the problems the elderly.
Okay.
Here, the next Stan major show.
This afternoon at two on News Talk Radio 610-W-I-O-D.
Now this, I didn't...
What is that?
Oh, okay.
I didn't think I would can live to hear this.
But during the commercial break, Mark Mosley is sitting over here discussing Phoebe Cates.
Well, I know of your obsession.
I was an incredible discussion.
This man has researched this...
This man knows what he's talking about.
He's researched Phoebe Cates frame by frame by frame by frame by frame.
No, I just...
What you're trying to say is he's looked up Phoebe Cates.
Yeah.
Your wife listening?
That's hope not.
A caller asked what or who made these guys get into radio.
Why did you get into the business, Bill?
Hmm.
I always have some dumb line.
You know, somebody I was reading the other day said,
it's the women.
I got in the room.
The women were actually...
When I was a kid, I lived in Mississippi,
and my grandmother was rather poor,
and she took in rumors...
What was called a boarding house.
And he's not one of the rumors.
It was a disc jockey.
And he used to let me go to the radio station with him
and occasionally watch.
Well, he did his thing.
You were like eight.
I was probably younger than that.
I was about six or seven, I guess.
And so then I have my first job.
I actually applied for and got a job in a radio station.
I was 13 years old.
In other words, you said like me.
I was always fascinated by not only the...
I was like, what came across the radio in terms of the program,
but the way the radio sounded, the technical sound of it,
and all that sort of thing.
And so I've been interested in it all along.
And because I was basically impossible to deal with,
I figured out that I had to be the program director
and figure it out for myself.
So I've always been on the air.
The Tanner in the morning person,
but I guess really what I think of myself more personally
is the program director.
How many years have you been Tanner in the morning
in this market since 1974?
There's an interesting story about that.
Cox and I were talking about it just yesterday.
When I first came to Y100, it was a disaster.
It was three months after I had gone on the air.
They came on the air giving away all this money,
and they'd blown the whole thing, and everyone got fired.
That really happened.
That's how they started in August 3rd of 1973.
I came here on the 3rd of 4th of 1973.
And between August, 1st of August, 73,
and the end of December, middle of December,
when I finally got hired,
these people took put the station on the air,
had gone through mountains of money,
and given away every bit of money the station was dead broke.
And when I came to work here,
it was such a disaster that they brought me in
to be the program director,
and I wasn't, didn't get to be the program director.
It was always political infighting that was going on
at the beginning of the station in 1974.
And I had been both a morning man,
the morning guy on the radio,
and the program director for,
for quite a while,
we were going to tell that story of how I got fired
and Mississippi and everybody walked on the disc jockey's walked out.
And eventually we all wound up here at what was then
Y-100 and worked at Y-100 for nine years,
Kramer for 10 years.
And, but Cox, that's where Cox and Kramer and Robert Walker,
who has not been mentioned in this day's show,
but we couldn't let it go by with that Robert Yovian.
He's one of the absolute great Miami radio men,
and he's been the program director of Y-100,
not once but twice.
See between 1974 and 1980,
and then the year 2006,
only two people were program director of Y-100,
either me or Rob.
And so we all wound up here,
and it was somehow rather the station got straightened out,
and the morning man that was at Y-100
got offered to go to the legendary radio station, K-HJ,
in Los Angeles, and he left and went,
and they put me on in the morning,
and I was calling myself Bill Tanner at the time,
but for some reason I just said,
this Bill Tanner in the morning,
and then manager got in Bill Cunningham,
came in and said,
Tanner in the morning, that's it, Tanner in the morning,
and I thought it was stupid.
So of course it worked, it's radio.
How about you, Scott?
You know, radio is really magical for us.
It was before we were involved in it.
The same as it is for your listeners,
the guys who like to call in every day.
There's something special about the unknown.
You're unaware of exactly how it's all put together,
and I think the same holds true for television,
because there's so much that you don't see.
That's true.
And there's a fascination there,
and when you find out a little bit about it,
then you learn different aspects of the business
that you become either enamored of or not.
The music for me is one of the big lures that it had early on.
I can recall sitting there doing homework
in my bedroom, going to high school,
thinking, gee, I'd rather be this guy on the radio,
playing this music,
that's sitting here with these Tyrone Roadmaths.
Because they made about as much sense.
You know, gee, the radio.
What's that we need?
Now I remember going to visit WABC watching
Cousin Brucey's show.
Oh, yeah, I did that too.
You know, and I'll never forget Cousin Brucey's saying,
I don't listen to this music.
I go home and listen to classical music.
Whoa.
And I win.
You did.
We gotta go, guys.
We're out of time.
Thanks for having us.
It was fun.
I'm real glad everybody can we drink Don Cox.
Sure will.
So glad you stopped by.
We really appreciate it.
And of course, Mark, it's always a classic.
This is the man who made Ambo.
Herman and McBean.
Glad you guys finally came over.
Thanks for entering into this studio.
Bill, good to see you.
You too, Skip.
Come see us in the...
Mark, take it.
We'll be listening to you in Neil.
Great.
All right, we'll be back tomorrow.
Tom Jekka will be our guest tomorrow.
That'll be great.
You're bringing food?
We'll be, Tom.
He's always an excellent guest.
I just now, Neil Rogers only guests.
Yep.
And he loves to come by and visit when Neil's not here.
Marvin, make sure he brings food.
That's it.
Food.
So we'll see you tomorrow at the time.
Bye.
