but it's not snow. You know Miami. I know my cousin was helping out bring a little
with me but that's a plus. Oh well what did she say? Never mind. Was it something I
should have done? No. No. Oh because I was in listening. I was reading the paper.
Well I have to do a whole bunch of things all at once here you know. Why haven't
been able to hear you for a few weeks though I thought I'd fall. Well you're going
to be a little withdrawal right? Yeah. I'm sure they got some exciting radio and
Albany and in Troy. There's something that's supposed to be funny cause I don't know
some kind of morning zoo up here. Another morning zoo huh. Oh yeah. The
stentrum that zoo is just permeating through your radio dial. Yeah they have
electric one because it's like it's interesting. Unique huh? Yeah well I wasn't so bad
just the other night I went to a place called Comedy Works and they had people from
ACM there. Really? Yeah. Let's find out when that contract is up there. Okay well listen
it's great hearing from you and you're our first caller of the day and we're gonna
put a little pin right where it belongs on the map. Oh thank you. How do you know he's
listening? Oh he listens every day he's on the road. Well we love your dad. He's a great
American. Have a wonderful trip and a safe trip back. Okay thank you. And get out of
that weather. Okay. 20 past 10 at WIOD the only local show in America that
starts the show every day with calls from around the world. Right? It is frightening.
That's the joy. Now you know this all three of the day lines are wide open. I see
locally we're not all that great you know but around the rest of the world we are
giant a monster. 751 WIOD and day those are the only three lines that are open
probably something going on they heard me say there was powder in the streets all
running and looking for it. I'm trying to get back. See I guess that's one good
thing that we have to work all those gruesome holidays. Yeah. We don't get this
false sense of security. We're used to it okay we've been through it. It's
sister we haven't had any busman's holiday. Of course some of the folks in this
business have been on holiday for a long time. A long time. Yeah. I'm getting
terminal but just a quickie bit like that. Hey I got news for you boy this is the
most welcome call of the day. Really it's been a battle. That should give you
some idea when I say that to you. Oh boy okay just a quickie to let you know that I
just got off the phone with I miss and it gives you your your the blessing to
play. Ladies and gentlemen I'm going to have to bring it in tomorrow I don't have it here I got it at home
but that means freeway and spigot return tomorrow exclusively on WIOD. And he's got
some other classics that he told me about that I'll have to tell Glantamount or
whatever but really. Yeah but what happened to Don did he get a change of life
or something. Yeah he was real nice. Really. Yeah real nice and well he just got
back vacation. Oh yeah. Yeah you hit him in a real good time. If you hit him
another couple of weeks boy to probably tone your face off. So listen I understand
you're going to have lots of studio time over there at that place we used to work I
hear there's nothing else going on over there. Did you get that straightened out? No
not yet. I don't think there's any problem John. So I have no comment. Yeah I don't think
there's another words unless you say the better. Yeah. Well I heard a little bit of
their morning show this morning and I I would agree I think their motto ought to be
the less said the better. I'm telling you it was great. Well of course you don't want
to say anything because you don't want to alienate them now right. I still have friends
over there. So do we? Yeah. Sure. Not too many. A couple. How is your new year? Okay
I have a wonderful day John and thank you for the help. No problem. Bye. Johnny Dark. So
I wish we had that to play today. Yeah. Yeah. That would take care of that young jerk
ball that keeps calling with the Flintstones. Yeah. That young Johnny Jerk ball that can't
to get himself straightened out so to speak. He's got a serious problem. That kid. See
as soon as I heard his voice I knew because he's he's one of about a half a dozen.
Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes. I want you to know when I dial this phone I was a
young caller. Yep and now you're ancient. I'm well you'll fit right in with the surroundings
I'm second my teeth. Okay. Listen I haven't seen you told your adenos in a long time I
haven't talked in two months. Really? Yeah. That's because I'm on a diet. Okay. Okay.
Don't start with the restaurants please. Okay. What? All these good friends that keep
inviting me out to dinner and all of this other you know what what kind of stuff is that?
That those aren't true friends. That is correct. They should support you. Right. And let
me ask a question. I was upset. I looked under my Christmas tree and there was no tape
of a word and Spanish from you. I figured for sure that's what I'd get from Christmas
for you. Good luck to you. How come? What are you talking about? What are you talking about?
You have a copy of a word. That is correct and I'm keeping it. But you could have you could have
Well I'm not you can you can put a tape on during MTV or VH1 or VHS or something like that
and I'm telling you sooner or later it'll pop up. All right. In the video too. As of the last
except the last couple days the show's been really good that's what I felt. No need. What do you mean except
for the last couple of days? What what the hell kind of a comment is that? The show is all right
yesterday. I'm in the circumcises. It was fine. Well I mean there was no trivial pursuit with you know
It's kind of hard to top that. I mean really. Hey I don't like on news pour. I don't blame him for
a second. If I were in his shoes I'd have done the same thing. In fact that's what we should have
done. We should be doing that today. We got a month of trivial pursuit coming up. Oh. And we
may or may not be given away prizes. What is this clamor? Listen have a wonderful year and all of that
stuff. Thank you. When I'm through with my diet I'll see you over at Il Giordano and just pick out.
Let's go to Strand and then. Like I said have a wonderful day. Bye Neil. 1055. Some people out there
live this vicarious existence. You know what I'm saying? Yeah vicarious. That's a Michael from
I'm not really sure who he is. You know what I mean? You're not. I mean I know who he is but I'm
not sure I know what he does. Yeah. There's an open line in Palm Beach 6555 WIOD for anybody
else that cares to call you can call that line collective. You're in Dave Rowered Monroe.
Fallujah Lee Polk. You're in Polk County man please. We were here with a lot of people.
Going on to ABC liquor absolutely. Okay hello. Hey let's reminisce about Rochester. Hey now we're
talking. Now we're going on Ridge Road the other day. He's not I got his for he's not even getting
upset because this is such an improvement over most of the calls he's ready for this. Well see he saw
CBK on Sunday so yeah I mean I'm pretty well. She was on last night too. She's on every night.
It's CBK's week. It's CBK's week. I like her. In the birds house every night is CBK's night.
I like her. Yeah for her she looks good for a boy. She looks like a boy with boobs basically
is what she looks like. That's what he does. He does. He's on. You know. Right. Right.
Well you know I was going on a Shalapia the name. I was telling you that the lake was frozen over.
Yeah and I went by Don and Bob and I immediately thought of you. So I went in there and
ate a few hamburgers and now can I reach the off button from here. I think we have to find
a way to get there. Like I said he's starting to get really upset. Now come on Johnny did us a great
pubic service man. I thought Don Cox was terminal. But when we get to play freeway in Spigot tomorrow
thanks to Don I miss his permission via Johnny dark believe me you'll you'll thank us.
All right well I'll have to take it. It's a funny bit. Yeah. All right well I'm going to let you go.
Okay thank you. Bye. Mercifully short. Wow. Oh God I think this audience is all they're
burned out. You heard about host becoming burned out. I think the audience is totally burned out.
It took us what eight weeks nine. Hab called collect from homestead and we didn't accept it. Good
word. He called collect. Boy see is he dreaming. He not only steals everybody's cars and radios.
He steals the phone calls too. Okay we got one in Miami here. Hello. Uh Neil. Yeah. How you doing?
Good. Uh what's going on, bird? Oh nothing. Oh not much. Yeah. What's happened?
Oh I'm fine. How you doing? What's doing? How's life treating you?
Very good. I'm going to ask you something. You just got to hang in? Yeah. Okay.
I'm not going to have any comment about that one. Uh let me ask you something about power mutual.
Perry I know him. Perry you know him huh? I'm brother to Perry Mason. You know Perry Mutual.
Perry Mutual. What do you want me to answer? Why don't you why don't you like Hyalop?
Why don't I like it? Yeah. Because it's just it's okay to watch as a spectator's for but as far as
going to bet on it it's uh I'm not into it. But you were saying something about numbers. I mean you
can hand it. But I'm not it. No you can't. Well it depends. You got some good players.
The people that win at Highly are people who just play numbers and usually the ones that play
high numbers. Yeah. It would happen. It would happen with the track. You know like uh you know you
go down to Pompiner now. You don't go to uh to uh golf. I mean that golf stream.
Colder. Colder. Colder closes Saturday by the way. I go to Colder. I was here the other day.
But you don't you haven't been you like the deponies over at uh at Pompiner a little bit or
now. The ponies. I've always liked Tarnas racing better sir. It's just one of those things.
What is it? The only bad thing is your horse is in the lead all of a sudden all of a sudden it
dies out and you're way in the back. I mean you know you lose out. It never happens in
thoroughbred racing right horse that takes the lead always wins is that it? No no no no right especially
I got tropical here you know you never know here what's going on. Yeah well obviously sounds like
you're in a stoop to players so I get out there and punch my brain. I think you ought to call
a bank and give you some real good words on the bull games for next year okay.
They'll fix you up just like you fixed Steve yesterday all right you know that Hank he's a
sadist at heart and uh once in a while he has a bad day so he likes to fix everybody else so they
share it you know. Missouri loves company. Open line and date where that paramutual genius just
hung up at 751 9463 boy you taught seriously you talk about a town that is burned out
probably too much excitement over the holiday. Not seriously too much excitement. Maybe we
got to hold off on freeway and spigot for a couple of weeks till they get on their better
behavior. So I'm real happy people we heard from this hour boy. Real well adjusted. Yeah like
this guy. Well no you can always tell the ones who lost a bet you know I had a bad day at the track
those are always the ones in belly. I know I'm probably going to lose okay when I go when I leave
the house I know I'm probably going to go come home lighter my wallet's going to be a lot lighter
than it was when I left and that's okay and if it's a miracle that happens and that doesn't turn
out or if I even break even I feel like I'm the big guy. Be that as it may Henry Barrow is back with
some more exciting WIOD news with some murders and rapes and drug deals and stuff like that. Yeah the
usual run of the most stuff and we'll come back at 1105. Fun Sentinel. That's right. TV book. And I
thought it was it was so bizarre that I thought he had to be making it up and it was an extraordinarily
poor taste. Tom jic is going to be on tomorrow okay. The first thing I'm going to tell Tom is they
got a lot of work a lot of work to do over there at the slum center when cleaning up their act.
They are so out of touch with reality. Yes and one of the things that really bugs me about them
is they are so Palm Beach County intensive. If they had any balls over there man they'd really they'd
start distributing that thing at least in North Bay and they'd give the herald or run for their
money especially now that the news has gone and they would start concentrating on Dayton Broward
that there's nothing going on in Palm Beach and in their radio listings they're always Palm Beach
intensive. They've always got all these stations that you can barely hear even in Palm Beach right.
Now listen to this here are the radio highlights I want you to listen carefully for today. If you
want to follow along those of you unfortunate enough to have this paper today page 6D so you know
I'm not making it up on the TV page. Radio highlights. Adventures in good music 1210 PM WXEL.
Winter Estate and Financial Planning Institute Financial News and Talk 630 PM WSBR AM740
that's Spokas Chicago Symphony Orchestra WTMI and WXEL. Lee Fowler Edwin Newman former NBC Newsman
discussion of the English language current news and other matters for PMWJNO.
The John Broward Show. A well-known conservative John brings rational and intelligent thinking
from a conservative point of view on political and national issues 1-3 PM WPBR AM340.
Ladies and gentlemen John died about six seven months ago. That's horrible. Horrible is in the
word for it ok. I mean it's one thing when they've got on Friday what were we supposed to have
the news had that thing in with the Creole music we're supposed to play 610 AM. This is the most
road task in it. This would be like having the Alan Courtney Show on WIOD. That's right.
610. By the way Alan will be on it 10. I mean this is this is garbage ok.
Man has been dead for six or seven months and they put this thing in here with a long not
not just the name but with a long blurb. Oh god. Wait till Jicke gets here tomorrow boy.
I'm never going to let him hear the last of this. They've got to clean up that whole deal over there.
Oh my that's it. Is that in crime? I'm just saving that. I'm going to clip it out and save it.
One of the most embarrassing things. I know they're a little bit behind over there at the Sun
Channel but this is carrying a little bit far don't you think? And don't forget for Alan
will be on tonight live on WIOD at 930 just before the Alan Courtney program.
And Alan's topic tonight what does it mean to be an American? Oh god. Okay let's just start
to sound appropriately enough in Davy. Hello. Yes. Yeah I got a good story for you
from one of our sunrise beauties living in Davy. They have a discount pharmacy place up on
a university drive you know not to mention names I'm sure you must know what I'm talking about.
And I go in there and purchase some shaving items and other items that I need you know and
among which was because of the holidays I bought a package of wax that's a little box with
for the holidays that's not really what I do about it is yeah. Yeah keep me on the go during the
holidays yeah. So inside the little box they have a tissue bulb especially I buy two boxes
in the tissue box. And poor man look out those humontational bind you up like crazy.
Yeah it's true. Yeah I know. Especially the prune poppy seed. They work the other way around
yeah if I had thought I wouldn't have to go up to sunrise but at any rate they sell these
products up there with similar boxes but inside the boxes can be open. Not unless I purchase the
high price item. Of course. I have a lot of work. High price bread. And you think that that
sugar and sweet and low thing is something but they actually do where I got home I opened up the box
they actually went through the trouble of taking the cheaper item putting it in the more expensive
box closing it back go to the cashier. Of course the cashier doesn't check on the inside just
leaves the product in the label. And here it is I wind up with the cheaper product and these people
absolutely they're ridiculous. I mean they're purchasing they get away with that continuously
stores and the people should be warned that if they go to yeah to make up make sure you check out
your ex-likes box okay because it could be a Hershey bar or something in there all right.
What a call. Yeah these people should be warned.
Yeah around holidays I generally run over to what efforts and I load up man on
the call stuff I get some extra kale pectade and it's 11 past 11 at WIOD we have an
open line in Broward 524 9463 we ought to invite that gentleman to tune in the WPBR
one o'clock this afternoon for that show. Oh god now I'm beginning to understand why they put
that stuff in here okay. Kendall hello. Hey Neil how are you. Terrific. Glenn? Yes started out
terrific and now I think comatosis the answer. I was at the Glenn's favorite eatery last night.
Yes and I s diner. No no. How's AJ doing? No this was the famous Thai restaurant. Oh and I think
I'll add a minute let's let's clarify we're not talking about Syem's doll which is our sponsor and
good friends we're talking about down in Kendall. Exactly by my house. I just have Thai orchid.
Exactly and I got a feeling that maybe Glenn doesn't go there for necessarily the food. Oh yes
you're that's a factor no question. But I think that the waitresses there are probably a little bit
appealing to Glenn you know what I'm saying? Yes well South Florida magazine Thai orchid won I think
two years in a row best Thai food in South Florida in the pole in South Florida magazine and they
put in there one time you eat on you know hand-painted plates and all that and it's said in there
the waitresses look like contestants in the Miss Thailand contest and I believe you would agree with
that wouldn't you she was a truck. Ah ha cute maybe. Well I I'm not a connoisseur of hot. I saw
a couple of boobs when I was in here. Anyhow I was in there and I had the famous fish and squid.
I was it well I wasn't sure what squid tasted like it was mixed up with everything else but I think
I discerned the squid as being rather sweet would that be correct I'm sure you had it. I think so
squid not for this kid no I'll pass although I don't eat that regularly. Yeah well I don't either.
Well maybe if you don't eat it regularly maybe you could follow that last stop to the truck store and
you get the more expensive product in the cheaper box. And yeah I just wanted to say that I was
over there at Glen's place and it's not Glen's place yeah I think they do better business
if they change the name of Glen's. Yeah Glen's Thai or Disney. Yeah and you know you're going to be
in the track for the tropical park Derby that's the operative question. No. No. Okay. That's Saturday right?
Exactly. Well I might be I shouldn't say no it's possible. Closing day. Closing day Saturday and then
Gosti opens on Sunday. Exactly. Also the famous Tom Jicke was on CNN already. Really? Yes as a
critic you know radio TV critic and he was explaining the the multiple changes down here in South
Florida for the nation. It's funny you should mention that because we have two topics primarily
we're going to discuss with Tom tomorrow. Multiple changes and multiple orgasms. That's the
our top. That's a lot of fans. Fantastic. And one other thing here I was watching our new
independent station channel seven. Yeah and I was watching something on the inside story apparently
it's I don't know if it's a new show or what but I think tonight they're probing and this is not a
joke they said that like a new concern in South Florida but it's not yet illegal here. Midget
throwing. Oh really? They actually show like a little midget and they like grass.
I like the segment with early villages I like that one. They throw them off the boat that's my favorite.
I swear I'm not making this up. I thought it was like a joke but they actually showed some guys
it shows like some people are very concerned about these people being thrown. Oh yeah dwarf tossing
or like a person he said but GTR did a show there. Yes well apparently it's true. And
if you're Bob mayor right off the show. That's why Mike Spindell went out of town last weekend.
Gentlemen have a wonderful day. Okay bye bye. Bye bye. So big boobs that tie orchid and that's
what the thing is there. I knew there had to be something. No no no no no yeah these are oriental
women. What are you saying? Oriental women don't have big boobs. Maybe you had to take a
poll on that. Do Oriental women have big boobs? They do. In fact Oriental generally tend to have
small everything you know what I'm saying. I don't want to get too graphic but they really do. I
don't know what that's all about. That's what I'm trying to say. Small. Yeah. Nice. Everything.
It's nice but small. I don't think Oriental women like have their breasts. You don't think it has
anything to do like the Japanese you don't think that has anything to do with the bombs that we drop.
They look like a genetic thing. They don't seem to have the you know the breast enlargements
as implants and stuff. You don't see that on the little little thing. It's for real. I think so.
Yeah. So when you go to tie orchid and you sink your teeth into that Oriental stuff you know
it's the real thing. I was trying to tell us. Yeah. 1115 at WIOD is the Worms starts to turn here
today. I just get a feeling that we're finally on the road to success. Miami hello.
Hey Amigo. How much time? Yeah. Happy New Year. And the same to you. How you doing bird?
Great. I agree with you. Those Oriental ladies are fantastic. Aren't they? Nice.
Nguyen from exactly. This man. And the polypac. Someone who knows. Yeah. The Oriental people I will
say they are very emotional people. I mean boy they just go nuts. Yeah. Well you know
I don't want to say that from personal experience but they just go crazy. There is a fine point
to everything. Yeah. Listen. I am planning my vacation and I'd like to see what would you take
of this. I'm going to Honolulu. Well Maui and Wageki. From there I am going to go to Sydney, Australia.
Wow. You're going to need a vacation after this trip. You know that. You know how far it is to
Australia? It's beautiful. Is it? Copy gorgeous. Copy gorgeous. From there I am going to Singapore.
Yeah. Haven't this a year long trip? It's about 45 days. Yeah. 45 days. That's my kind of
big deal. I am really going to enjoy it. I'm starting tomorrow's a matter of fact.
Right after we play freeway in Spigot, they are having an hour or 45 days. You got it. I'm
supposed to leave on the 24th of February and then who the hell knows when I'm coming back.
Well how do you get 45 days off? Are you self-employed? Oh yes I am. Well that's a way to do it.
I am. There's work in for other people man really sucks. I am a matter of fact I have my own travel
businesses. Fantastic. Oh yes you're probably getting a dirt cheap. That's a very dirt cheap.
So you're going to be over there with those orientals? Is that what you're trying to tell us?
That's probably what inspired us. I am going to enjoy every minute of it. Every minute of it.
Listen, nothing happens to me yesterday. I'm driving down this cable of ours.
Oh yeah. One of these. Oh my god. And Rappaside me there is this big old car
of Cadillac. Oh, they go ahead and decide to go to the left hand lane, drive at 10 miles an hour.
I look at these license plates. Get from where? Not Canada. On Tario. Oh yeah. I got news for
the Ontario plates are just as deadly as the Quebec ones this year. I don't know what it is.
Oh my god it was deadly. All the live people from Ontario are up there watching hockey games.
The dead ones came down here this year. I almost had to stop the car and absolutely. I mean
it was just the asshole. So to speak. Yeah. It would be perfect for them. I mean,
absolutely beautiful. No matter if fact I haven't heard it in a while.
Yeah, it's coming up right after the break. Yes, it's nice and long. It's about three and a half minutes.
That's fantastic. Fantastic. All right Neil.
Well listen, what do you be called us before you go on a trip? Oh, I'm starting to worry.
I'm starting to worry. Just keep us in mind. Okay, you can call us from some of those points
along the way. Call us collect and we'll stick a bunch of pins on the map too.
You got it. Okay. Take care. Bye.
This is the real by great.
Apartment holds.
I redeemed myself after that little call.
Yesterday with the noodles. Well, I got shook up. You hear his voice and you get hysterical, right?
It's 1127 at W.I.D. We're just reminiscing about some of the old eating
binges with fat rich over at Zeta. Boy, those for the days. Those were the real days.
Okay. When I lose all of this weight and I know Linda don't get hysterical.
I'm not going to go crazy and gain it back. But just once in a while for old times say.
Like Tessio says in the Godfather, can you help me out for old times say?
Can't do it, Sally. And they take him in the car and they kill him.
Yeah. Anyway, let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Great.
Hey, bird. Uh, are you reminiscing about Pasco County?
Yeah, one of our favorites. You're the median, or the median age is 106.
No, it's not. Have you ever been there? Yeah.
No, seriously, bird, have you? Sure.
They said he's upper hills. Oh, yeah. I grew up in that neck of the woods.
St. Leo College, I went there. Did you?
You're right. You missed the whole town.
We've all been through there. Yeah. Real fast.
Yeah, the whole town's about a block long.
Well, anyway, you ever been to Bartow? Oh, yeah.
I like those little strip shopping centers and they got every fast food place it's
been invented in Bartow. I think they even got steak and shake over there.
And crystal. Uh-huh. Well, anyway, I do wear flowers. I was down in Holland,
I had double parked to make it the most-
He said, holy cow. Yeah, okay.
I had to make a little adjustment to that comment. Yep.
Holy cow must have left the car neutral.
I run downstairs and he can run for the van and say,
it's a little guy driving. I say, what are you doing?
And he's like, oh, you've got me and he comes down.
He's about five foot two. He's a French kid and he's moving my van because I blocked him and
couldn't believe it. He was moving it?
Yeah, he decided to move it himself. I would have moved him.
Yeah, I got pre-upcented by it and you know,
I wouldn't have treated his car to keep him. Yeah.
Well, it was pre-intensive because you know,
you guys want to steal in your van or what not.
Well, you know, he had something critical to do. He was in a gigantic hurry, you know.
Should have known. Anyway, just remember one great thing.
Okay. Before you know it, it'll be April and they'll all be gone.
Okay. Yeah, if we can just survive a couple of months, it'll all be gone.
Yeah, well, anyway, I just want to call Bill. My boss, he's out getting flowers for the shop.
I'm seeing you're waiting for flowers.
Yeah, he's a douchebag by the way. Yeah, tell me about it.
Trust me. Yeah. Top notch.
Okay.
You don't run into those French Canadians now unless you're in the vehicle, okay?
Yeah, I'm trying to get him off the road.
Okay. One at a time.
Especially in Helendale.
Yeah. All right.
The worst bike.
29 past 11 at WI-LD. We have an open line in Broward.
If you, hey, look at that, it's ringing.
But just as it started ringing, the book align went out.
I like this today. This is kind of fun.
It's like jigsaw puzzle. They're all over the place.
Both of those Palm Beach lines are open.
We just mentioned that in passing case there are any sickos.
They want to call in and call us collect on Palm Beach in Boka 278 WI-LD.
And a Palm Beach line, which has really been dormant today.
Well, I told the mitch yesterday,
is it let's get a campaign to get it out of there.
It's costing us a lot of money.
And they're just a bunch of old dead farts up there in Palm Beach.
6.5.5 WI-LD.
You should have seen this line in the top of the park dining room at Poppano last night.
Oh, it's free, right?
Oh, yeah. No cover charge.
And they get the, oh, man.
Of course, the food wasn't free.
I hope they understood that.
moving right along, let's go to beautiful Wilton Manor.
Hello.
Good morning, guys.
When is this?
This is from the company for Friday Show.
Ah, it's true.
Oh, yeah. How you doing, Harry?
You're talking about sickos and board outs about Kyle throwing the phone.
Yeah.
You guys have a lot of board outs?
Have we had a lot of them?
Yeah.
Not really. No, basically three or four.
Well, are you listening to Dave Enzato when you guys are here?
I mean, I had a lot of them at W snooze.
We just have a different board out there every day, practically.
Well, these guys don't they work incredibly long hours?
Like no work two or three shows?
Yeah, ask Roger if they work incredibly long hours.
He's putting in a marathon today.
Is he?
I can imagine the phone calls he's receiving.
I mean, the ones that get on the air,
but the little ones that don't get on the air.
Yeah, that's why he loves this show.
Yeah.
So he would go home and kick his cat or anything?
No, he brings the cat in here and kicks it around during the show.
Oh, okay.
I don't see. He must have some type of manhairs like Russia.
Oh, he does. He does the reneary show every morning.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Okay, it's right.
It's a sweet good day.
Okay. Good day.
Excellent.
Good calls now.
All of a sudden, man, we're getting some people.
Don't have much to say, but at least they sound like they're under the age of 200.
And they know their place.
Okay, they don't think their geniuses
haven't got a lot to say.
We don't have a news break coming up.
I feel like like a fish out of water.
Oh, I'm saying they impure.
I'm not complaining or anything, but we're just going to zip right on through.
We have a little break there, but what happened?
Boy, that's refreshing.
Let's get that vocal line lit up here.
Come on.
Let's get all eight lines at once today.
I think there would be a first, okay, for the day.
For the day.
You would.
And pretty ponderous today, man.
You folks out there, I hate to break the news to you.
But sooner or later, all of that stuff was going to end.
Okay, it all had to come to a screeching halt.
And you had to go back and face the real world.
I know you can't deal with it.
I know you get a little bit hysterical and hyper.
But it's all over, folks.
Put away all the wrapping paper and all the hot and good bush
and the Christmas tree and all that good stuff.
It's all over.
They're not happy.
No, they're not happy campers today because all
their fun and games are finished now.
And it's back to the real drudgery.
And atop it all off.
Of course, we got to leave snowbirds down here now.
All of French Canadians and all these other good people
are getting everybody's way.
See, I don't believe in discouraging tourists.
We like real living and breathing tourists
to bring a lot of money and want to spend it,
want to keep out everybody's way and have a great time.
That's fine.
But we don't get too many of those.
Basically, what we get are just more who
here is who are here to get everybody's way and to stand
online.
Clock, what are you doing?
No, Nick and Boca.
I say, yeah, I mark my words that call will never materialize.
It's not.
And there's nothing worse than, you know,
leading somebody off.
And then leave them hanging like that.
OK, I think what Lee did, he just chickened out.
I do too.
Didn't have the balls to really go through with it.
OK, 1133 at WIOD, every line is lit like a hot of a voice.
Let's take a picture of the phone because I don't
think it's going to last too long.
We got a mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, yeah.
What's the first one?
What's the first next quality?
June, sir.
June 9.
Yeah.
I would do it.
Yeah, I bet you didn't think I knew when she was.
When you're as religious as I am, so you know it all the
Holy days are OK.
I thought you were second.
What?
You want to talk directly to you?
Oh, sure.
That means it's going to be about oriental women and boobs.
Go ahead.
Good.
What was the question with the, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
Well, you guys are so desperate.
You know, I'd be embarrassed to humiliate.
I mean, there are people who hear your voice, they know who you are, and I say this guy
is really desperate.
He's going to go all the way down to Camdol just to see some oriental boobs.
I've never seen it.
The way to fix what is a unit of pretty small and dark.
That's what I did.
I told you, oriental people, men and women, are not
well in doubt, OK?
We didn't say that was there.
We said they're small, they're normal.
They're normal, but they're very good looking women.
Oh, yeah, sir, sir like raisins, OK?
But they're be raisinets.
Raisinets?
Well, they're real cute.
Waitresses, they're quite, you know, they really are.
Yeah, they're beautiful, they're adorable.
I like it.
You like to take home and keep her a pet.
Are you going to be alright?
Oh, you guys are the very happy lady.
And the same to you, sir.
I thought I'd call.
Guys, I'm pretty happy.
Like you just discovered something that might give his life
a little hope.
Hello.
Hello, I've got some additional information
on those radio programs you read about earlier.
Go ahead.
Now, Neil, you make them seem worse than they are
by not reading the entire story.
I have the Total Entertainment Program guide here.
What that is, it's a series of special radio interviews
called Dead on the Air.
And it's people near death and beyond.
Conduct exciting radio interviews
of people who are nearly alive.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
I wish we'd get some of those calling in today.
And you're only alive.
You know, I think I deserve a lot of credit for them.
If you have an accurator, just stick my neck out this far.
And reading this program.
How far is it, sir?
I think maybe you ought to go back to your show.
I'm just saying 3.7.
It's a 3.7 out right now.
3.7.
That was our share in the last trend.
Yeah, I know.
Apparently there's some connection between how far
I stick my neck out and anonymous caller and your rating.
So you better get ready to stick it out a little further
because a new book will be on next week, I think.
It will.
Does your pay go up when the ratings go up?
Oh, absolutely.
They give me like, in fact, they bring a bucketload of pennies
in.
Canadian.
They can't afford for my pay to go up, sir.
Trust me.
OK.
That's why they had to close the news down so they could pay us
on the.
I made a mistake.
I didn't go up north for the holidays.
Big mistake.
Why?
Everybody here at me, the most exciting thing that happened down
here, I think, in the football game, was the radio
and the TV station switched from what AC to DC.
And I got news.
Oh, man.
That was pretty heavy duty for these people here.
They can't handle the pressure of that.
That's why they're crumbling.
Wow.
It's been a lot of weeks for them to get their lives back together
again.
The programs look very similar to the programs they were using
before they changed the numbers.
So by always speaking, a TV.
Yeah.
And we've been talking about the fact that the networks are now
getting as racy as they can.
And they're getting rid of a lot of their standards
and practices, people.
Saturday night live, Saturday night.
In fact, that was right at the time when it was around New
Years.
And I heard two firecrackers go off in the neighborhood.
That was the biggest segment of my part of town.
And they had a segment on there.
Matthew Brotterick and a whole bunch of guys standing behind
a wooden wall naked or at least supposedly naked.
And they kept saying penis over and over and over.
They were singing a song and they were singing penis.
I brought out.
Did you see that?
Yeah.
And it's like the networks are now saying, hey, we got news
for you.
Whatever they're doing on cable, we're going to do it right here,
OK?
Because we're desperate and we need to bring the viewers back.
And that's where the public wants.
And I can remember when we were on Zeta,
that was one of the words that if we said penis or vagina
on the air, the general manager would go to the top of the flag
pole and then pale himself.
That's how hysterically we'd get over there.
Yeah, in symbolic gesture.
Yeah, the two words.
Right, exactly.
You hit it on the head if I can say that.
Well, speaking of that, I wonder why WFBN is running two
hour movies and other ones.
Why don't they run uncut movies and pretend
that there's an audience of adults down here?
Well, they're not running uncut.
Well, they all ask two hours.
I have an uncut.
I think with a heavy Latin audience down here,
they'd run uncut.
Yeah, I don't know.
It seems like I'll hold on.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, all those movies couldn't be exactly two hours
left commercial today.
I don't know.
I don't know.
OK, well, let's give the censor something to work on before.
You know, Channel 29 is still,
no, let's not do that here, but have a nice day.
We have a highlight on not today.
751 WIOD and that's where that opening is.
If you move real quickly, we started out slow.
We're building tour de crescendo of the walking dead.
18 till noon and let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
What's happening, Neil?
Hey, a living voice in Fort Lauderdale.
Oh, yeah.
How you doing, Bird?
Great.
Don't let Bob Cox hear this call, sir.
No way.
You may be on the next bus out of town.
Anyway, I wanted to call and tell these people
that were coming on you Friday on Steve's show
that they're either head up their ass.
I mean, they're crazy.
They just had no respect for you.
What was it?
I didn't hear that.
These people just were saying how they were so intellectual
and intellectual people wouldn't listen to you.
Oh, yeah, right.
And the intellectual people, of course,
all discussed the heavy, heavy issues, OK?
Well, anyways, I know you love fraternity so much
and I'm from a fraternity and games
will down for the holidays.
And I thought I'd give you a buzz.
And I want to tell you a little story real quick.
You know, Alan Dresner, do you?
No.
Oh, you're lucky.
OK.
Well, in my family, we have three real brothers.
We're all on the same crowd up there.
What goes on in those fraternity houses, sir?
I'm not really.
What's going on in there?
And I have three brothers and the female in vagina.
We're going to refer to it as Bush,
because that's just very degrading women.
Do you think, or?
Well, if you mean it that way, then
if you're one of those sexist kids.
I remember Bush.
And Bush is Bush.
Anyways, I have one brother.
That's what I said during the election,
but people wouldn't believe me.
I told him Bush was Bush, but they wouldn't go along with it.
Bush is the word for the day.
Anyways, there's one brother who's addicted to Bush,
like someone would be addicted to crack.
And he has to have it two or three times a day.
It's not enough for other fraternity brothers
to get it once a day.
But he has to have it two or three times a day.
And he shakes when he doesn't get it.
And he's so sick.
Sometimes more at home now.
He tells his dad.
He tells my other brother that.
He climbs into my parents' bedroom when they're sleeping.
144, W-I-O-D.
And he's a lit guy.
He knows Alan.
Trust me.
Oh, yeah.
Friend.
Very close, I would say.
These kids today, boy.
And the best part of it is his brother is 72.
I'm a brother of a partner.
OK, there's an open line in Brown, where we just hung up.
I do mean hung up.
But five, there it goes.
It's ringing already.
Boy, this guy.
Aren't they back?
Didn't they go back to Gainesville yet?
And all the college kids go back?
Not quite.
No?
No, we got to stick out.
All the regular school kids went back today.
But college is always like a week later.
Oh, is it?
Yeah.
Just kind of like an extra bonus for us.
I'm good.
Yeah.
Miami, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yep.
When you started talking about this, Orianna women,
I definitely had to call.
Did you?
This is probably related to the last call, yeah.
Glenn doesn't know what he's talking about.
They are definitely not willing to help.
That's what I said.
I don't know.
I used to work over there.
I was laying ties on the railroad.
But that's what I said.
Wait a minute.
So you were laying ties on the railroad, yeah?
That's kind of a strange place to do it, isn't it?
Yeah, it was kind of rough.
Yeah.
Anyway, what are we?
Especially when the four o'clock special would come along.
Yeah, what I really call about was about the lotto.
Remember when you were talking about last week,
they had that woman on the show and about the lottery
and all that?
You don't mean Rebecca Paul, yeah?
And then when you're saying about having certain amount
of winners winning and everything, it's funny how nobody
picks any winners for like three weeks.
And they want to get up to 27 million five people in it.
Yeah, and especially with those weird numbers, boy,
that was the weirdest bunch of numbers.
It's ridiculous.
Something very strange going on with Rebecca, you know?
I think they have to pay less money out when they
have more winners at one time.
They don't have to pay like if they have one big winner,
they have to pay more money at one time.
But when they have five winners, they don't have to pay.
We should have checked out and seen how Rebecca's wardrobe
is doing these days.
Yeah, I bet you.
It's just an ugly rumor, but rumor has it
that she brought a Melda Marco shoe a wardrobe.
Yeah, maybe she's investing with Tammy and Jim.
And Jim Baker over there.
She changed her shoes four times during the winery show
that month.
Anyway, I'd like to say something to one of my friends,
Mikey, the douchebag.
Was that Mike that just called him in and he
go that we had a dump?
No, it is my girlfriend's brother, Mike.
Oh, yeah, he is, you're right.
And he's a real douchebag.
And tell him to mind his own business.
OK, I understand he's a little voyeuristic.
He hides in the trunk.
Yeah.
OK, thank you.
I get even with him.
I just lock him in here.
OK, that'll solve his problem.
Yeah, I better go get him out.
OK, thank you.
1147, a WIOD, the show is picking up steam now, man.
Every pervert in town is getting on the phone since he
started talking about those Oriental boobs.
I can't believe he said, I didn't know what I was talking about.
Well, he didn't listen to your response.
Obviously, he made up his mind.
Yeah, that was it.
I have no idea what I'm talking about.
He says that he says exactly what I said.
I mean, anybody that's in the Phoebe Cates and Jamie Lee Curtis,
what does that tell you?
I should tell you everything you needed out of that.
We have an open line today is what it tells me.
He's 7-5.
Yeah, Johnny, how you doing?
And this Johnny Depp?
No, this isn't Johnny Depp.
OK, you're sounding good.
I don't know where he lives though.
I bet you do.
Yeah, no, I think I know how I'm in Dressler.
I would go to games while I'm still.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, you think?
Yeah, well, isn't he like a tap up there or something?
I don't know what he is.
I slap, I think, as I were looking for.
And he's OK.
He's just going through change your life.
Yeah.
Well, this is the first time I've called you.
Really?
But a long time listener, right?
Yeah.
For at least a week or two.
Well, maybe three.
Yeah.
No, but I had a story to tell you about all the blue hairs down
here.
I've been working at Walden Books.
I came home.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
OK.
And this lady comes in and she goes,
I'd like to buy a really nice gift for my nephew
or something like that.
And she goes, I'd like to buy a hardback book.
But I don't want to spend $5 or anything.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
There's something for about $2.99.
Yeah, no.
And I can't.
Like the Van a White story.
You know the one with the blank pages in it?
Yeah, it was like, I didn't know what the suggest to
where it was like.
Oh, wait a minute.
Sir, can I interrupt you for a moment?
Yeah.
We have a major crisis that is just developed.
We have food that is just arrived from the Armadillo Cafe.
Oh.
And now I'm going to tell you I have no resistance on this.
I just, I may just touch a little bit of it.
OK.
They may not even just going to touch it.
You know how that is, sir, don't you?
Yeah.
There's certain things in life that you can touch, but you
can't necessarily eat.
You know what I mean?
They can just kind of breathe in the food.
There you go.
Yeah.
That's what they never say.
So when do you guys go back?
Yeah.
And like about a week.
In a week.
Yeah.
Yeah.
One great thing about going to college.
You only go like a few days at a time.
Then you get like a 20 day break.
And then you go another few days.
And that's the way it ought to be.
Yeah.
Well, I was looking at a list of national holidays.
And I got a plan for Christmas and whatever.
Yeah.
And they have a national holiday like every eight days or something.
Now, you know, especially in gamesville.
They got a lot of like, clannish holidays up in gamesville.
Yeah.
Well, I just wanted to call and say hi.
I've been listening to you for a while.
Yeah.
And I wanted to come to that Camilla's house then.
You had over at Zeta.
And I was going, well, I have another one.
You're going to be there forever.
And then.
Oh, it's Zeta?
Yeah.
I don't say he's going to be there forever on that one,
unless you're some kind of sadist.
Yeah.
But are you going to have anything like that?
You think again, maybe with WIOD or?
Probably.
Yeah.
Now that all the holidays are out of the way,
we're going to do, we're taking a show on the road.
Albany's connected to gamesville.
Maybe we'll do a show up in gamesville one day.
Yeah, that'll be cool.
Yeah, especially if we can keep Alan off the show.
Well, listen, if you see Alan, tell him hi
and tell him, call us again next year, OK?
OK.
OK, have a good one.
All right.
I love to see people.
Yeah.
Yeah, I got a question for the bird.
Yeah.
I heard you there.
Yes, sir.
I've been listening for a long time.
But you never really talked about how come you called the bird.
Why exactly?
You called the bird.
You look like a bird.
You've never seen an excellent call, sir.
Now I see the perp.
Yeah.
1157 at WIOD.
It's too bad there's no kid on air.
It's really a shame.
That's one of my new year's resolutions.
Two open lines are both in date.
7519463, especially when they come from people associated
with other stations in the market.
It's kind of embarrassing.
Somebody might recognize the voice.
Mobile and brown.
Hello.
Oh, yeah.
Happy New Year.
Happy happy, sir.
It sounds like you're still celebrating.
You shouldn't know from it.
Let me ask you.
How did your Camilla's house go?
Great.
Yeah.
You collected mine with that?
Are you still doing that or that's over?
It's over, sir.
That's it?
Yeah.
I can't write you a check.
You can write me a check for all you want.
Really?
Yeah.
I wanted to do that.
OK, go ahead.
1157 at WIOD were down to a precious few now.
And I know that noon is coming in the news and lunchtime.
And this has been our brutal day already.
Has this audience has really let us down today.
It's going like in fits and starts.
It mostly fits, as they say next door.
But we're doing OK.
We're hanging in there.
We've got a couple of calls still on their four.
It's not too exciting.
We'll read the highlights again from the Sun
Sentinel from the radio page.
Maybe you can pick something else you like, like adventures
and good music is coming up at 1210 WXEL 90.7 on your FM dial.
OK, complete.
Yeah, we can't compete with that stuff.
And probably Sandy's got the dentist on it, you know?
They explain a lot.
She's got the pet dentist on today.
Did you hear what your sounds like?
Oh, your voice changes when you go on the phone
to when I'm going to put on hold.
I know.
That's a little game that we play here
to keep all the callers off balance.
Well, I just wanted to tell you, Neil,
a first time caller, but I've been listening to you
for about 16 years, which is kind of weird to them.
21.
My father turned me on to you.
And ever since I've been...
I'll tell you what's even weirder than that.
I've only been here 13 years.
So that makes it even more exciting.
Maybe it's the effect.
Yeah.
Yeah, it seems like a lifetime to me.
It's about 40, 50 years.
I just wanted to tell you, when you were back
at the other station, you were pulling.
Find out what people did after your radio program.
Well, not all the people who listened to you
are 75, 80 years old.
There are some of us that are younger.
That do appreciate you.
Really more mature crowd.
They're kids of the 90s, I guess you might call us.
Yeah, how old are you?
Do you say 21?
That's what I thought you said.
And I just want to tell you that you
appealed to all ages and that's something that's hard to find.
And this type of thing is kind of like tummy boots.
Well, if you insist.
Yeah.
But I think you're doing a great job.
Well, you're right.
Well, absolutely.
I pay you for it.
Right.
And the birds pretty quiet.
Yeah, he's been very quiet today.
You're right.
At least he hasn't been surly because he's
had an attack of that the past couple of weeks.
Yeah, but he's getting over that.
He's recuperating now just like everybody else.
And by tomorrow, he'll be back to abnormal.
And also, he was OK until the guys
started talking about the Oriental boobs
at the high restaurant.
Well, it seems to be a little distracted.
Yeah.
Well, I'm not surprised.
He's been, no, I'm not as puddled-bone over there.
You have to really probe your memory back
to find a large breasted Oriental.
I don't know if any.
I've never seen one.
All right.
Now, listen, that could be a real challenge
for the rest of the show.
There's anybody in the audience who's
ever known in a general sense, not necessarily
in a family sense, who's ever known a large breasted Oriental
woman we're talking about.
I mean, some of those sumo wrestlers are large breasted,
but those are mostly guys, right?
Do we leave phone numbers?
Yeah, you can leave your phone out of it.
All right, there'll be a little tap at your door
about two in the morning, OK?
If you can handle it, sir, I'm not sure that you're prepared.
I'm not going to brag or anything.
Yeah, but you've been around.
No, man.
Well, I'm tickled at that to your dad.
OK, listen, you have a great day.
You too.
Bye.
1226 at WIOD.
And we have an open light in brown for all you large breasted
Oriental women out there at 524-9463.
So I think one of the colors threw me,
and I haven't recovered yet.
It was that guy and I mentioned.
The guy that called up and said, you
don't know what you're talking about.
There are no large breasted Oriental women.
And like half hour before that, I had just said,
I've never seen a large breasted Oriental.
It's exactly what I said.
I couldn't believe that guy told me I didn't know what I was
talking about, and then he said exactly what I had said.
Through me.
I don't think I've fully recovered yet.
How about Jamie Lee Curtis?
She's not Oriental.
Is she?
You might have a little something in her.
Now what I'm saying?
Phoebe Kates grandmother is Chinese.
She's got Oriental.
I was going to say she might have a little Chinese in her,
but that probably someone I didn't listen to.
It's 1227 at WIOD, and we've got Hollywood coming up.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm telling Mom about Hado.
It sounds like it.
Hado.
Great.
All right.
What's going on in the office?
Chinese women.
Got you a thinking, I'll bet, huh?
Look at my bed on me.
I called you a couple of times before.
What's going on in this car?
I'm going to be going to work next week.
Now what's going on in here?
What is going on in that car?
What happened?
He just fell apart of the scene.
Didn't he go and handle it?
It was Yoven S.
Wasn't it?
Is that what he said?
No, but I'm saying it was very similar to John Raid.
OK, there's that open line in Brown again.
It's the very same one that we had only moments ago.
524, WIOD.
He was mobile though.
That's the incredible part of it.
Is that what it sounds like?
Yeah.
He's probably up there on the spruce goose.
Miami, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yeah.
Happy New Year to you, Annabelle.
And the same to you, sir.
Happy Shuvu.
It was Nick was real economy today.
He checked on me twice.
Nick isn't here today.
That's why everybody's being left behind.
Nick isn't here.
That's why everybody's getting the golden treatment.
Oh, no.
Why don't you guys turn over a New Year's resolution?
Nick is a little under the weather.
They got his punishing him for what he said about the carpenters
yesterday.
Oh, by the way, I know a large or an impressive woman
in high school.
That effect, uh, name was hung well.
Yeah.
Yeah, I knew her brother.
So.
OK, one or one.
I'm really called you to tell you a story about the old folks.
Hello?
Yeah, we're here, sir.
Don't panic.
Don't get insecure now.
We're listening.
We're hanging on every word.
I pulled in a left hand lane and make a left about the fifth car.
And right in front of me, yeah, but 85 years old.
That is.
Yeah.
The light, uh, the arrow comes on.
Recausal by 10 cars could have gone by.
This lady never gets to the intersection.
The light's still green all the way.
She stopped before the line.
And here you're waiting through a whole light for that next
arrow.
I'm sure that wasn't even coming.
I had the same experience yesterday in Waterhill.
I'm at the intersection of 441 and Broward Boulevard.
And I'm waiting to make a left turn on the Broward.
And the light is green.
And there's a woman, a young woman with her husband.
And this is what really killed me with her husband and two
little kids in the back.
The woman is driving.
She's behind the line.
The lights are all green, including, you know, the left turn
is green.
Yeah, I go from narrow to green.
Yeah, she won't go.
And there's the one or two cars.
She won't even get out there a little bit.
Now there are no cars coming.
OK, and I leaned on that horn.
And she looked around in panic in a cold sweat.
And I just leaned on it and leaned.
And she finally went real.
And needless to say, as we both turned the corner and I zipped
by her, I gave her every gesture that's ever been invented.
And the thing that bugged me the most is, you know,
the husband is sitting right there.
OK.
And he also had no clue.
We had no idea that it was not an out of town play.
It was not a rental car.
Just dumb dumb.
Why do we do a whole light?
Yeah, but I really cross it.
Yes, is a user lady wanted invitation to please move?
Yeah.
Truth be a bird.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
You're the bad guy, because you wanted to drive.
That makes you not a bad guy.
It's so safe to drive on.
So I just wanted to wait for you.
Oh, and he also had a bumper sticker on it
that I love safe drivers.
How about the bumper sticker?
Am I driving safe, called such a such number?
Yeah.
Call 1-800-EAT-THIS.
Yeah.
OK.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you.
OK.
Well, that's it.
And the love spot came from Jenny,
as long as those stars still side in the sky.
I'm still gone, and I still rule.
Yeah.
OK, it's 106 at WI-V.
He said the devil.
There's a certain devil is when it's causing them
all these problems.
I saw that.
And it was jealous of all of their success
and all the wonderful things that they've done.
And the devil made him do it.
That's why he was done squealing like a pig on all fours.
That devil, man, he works a mysterious way, didn't he?
OK, we got a mobile in West Palm.
Hello.
Hello, birds.
Hello.
It could be a very short call, if you'd like.
Oh, Neil, come on.
I was just being nice to the bird.
OK, you can be nice to him.
He doesn't deserve it, but go ahead.
I went and saw a rainman.
Yeah.
You don't sound too excited about it.
It was a great move.
Oh, thank God.
We finally got a guy out there who's got an IQ of over two
and a good taste.
That's right.
It was great.
Which is why I was listening to somebody called
a state talk about teamwork.
I didn't understand it.
Yeah, came out sucks.
Yeah.
That's the best.
Great line in the movie.
Came out sucks.
Yeah.
Anyway, I wanted to thank you for that.
Thanks for my tape.
I got it.
Great.
What we really are doing it for you, aren't we?
What the hell kind of life would you have without us?
I'll tell you what.
Probably not much.
Do you have any complaints at all?
No.
Nothing.
I'll be doing it.
Well, this is what we'd like a happy call.
You're our first one of the years here.
All right.
OK, you have a good one.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
In fact, if I were he, I'd probably go in in the house,
lock the door and knock a lot of you in the rest of the year,
because I'd spoil a good thing.
Yeah, that's it.
Don't push it.
Whatever you do, don't go see any more movies,
because the next one might be garbage, you know?
But it is a great movie.
And if you're one of those very few, now you haven't even seen it yet, right?
Yeah.
But how can you not have seen it?
Come on.
I...
You haven't seen Wayneman yet.
OK, you want me to tell you why?
I do have a reason.
More listening.
Believe it or not.
I mean, it's only planted about 40 theaters.
I understand that.
I will not go to a movie theater while the kids are out from school.
I can't handle all the people.
But now that school has gone back in,
I feel very confident about going sneaking in in the afternoon to movies.
I've never had a pry.
I don't where there's this dollar theater.
You can go and where all the old folks are.
Yeah.
And they talk out loud right in the movie.
That's what I can't handle.
What is he saying, Esther?
What is that?
My came out, mom is there.
Is that having a sale on a per day?
Yeah, so my plan, and I will tell you this, I plan to see it this week.
OK?
He doesn't look at me.
He doesn't know.
Sneezing, he's a wreck.
He is.
He doesn't look at it at all.
Steve is going to have one hell of a show.
That's what we're all at our best when we feel like crap.
And we just don't want to be here.
And we're really a surly.
That's when we really do one hell of a show.
And it's about time.
OK, it's one away.
Well, you can't do those trivial pursuit shows forever.
Now, how about those prizes?
I love it because some of the people who got all six or whatever was,
and they get to the end of things like they just won the lottery or something.
And Steve would say, well, they're may or may not be a prize.
And I'd say, what?
What?
I don't get my chance to sell them.
What?
Well, I'll tell you, we got more snores out there for squaring,
than anywhere in the world in this town.
Plantation, hello.
Yeah, I knew.
Yeah.
Yeah, this is zone plantation.
How you doing, Joe?
All right.
How's that pothole coming on my street, Joe?
You work on it?
No, no, I think style.
OK.
Listen, I just wanted to wish you a wonderful, happy new year.
And the same to you, Joe.
Thank you.
And I'm telling you, it's horrific.
That's for damn sure.
When God made you, he threw away the money through the mold away.
And a lot of people are very happy about that.
You better believe.
You better believe.
I mean, there are people that get up every morning and wish they were like you.
OK, tell me another good one, Joe.
I'll tell you.
OK.
All right, listen, just a short call.
You got a great show and you get a best.
OK.
Hey, thank you.
What a guy.
Thank you, Joe.
Now, where do we call it?
That was a major league tinkle.
That was a herniotic tinkle.
Absolutely.
Like, I thought I was asking, would you call that a good tinkle?
Outstanding.
OK.
Not just your ordinary.
See, my neighbors in plantation, they know how to tinkle.
Some of them in my yard are going to be pretty pondry.
North, Mike.
Kind of pondry.
It's OK.
Well, good luck to you.
All right.
OK.
That is out there experimenting like crazy.
We have an open line indeed.
751-9463.
It's 117 at WIOD.
We've got a mobile implantation.
Hello.
All right.
This is all smart.
OK.
117-10.
And that opens up a line in brown again.
But the mobiles today have really been good, haven't they?
Does he the last see?
Usually you can assume that a mobile call, I would say, 99 times out of 100,
but it is going to be fairly useful, OK?
Because if somebody is going to spend the 35 cents a minute,
you are there.
And if there is.
Probably most of the time in theory would be a rational call.
It wouldn't goof around for 35.
But I guess it's worth it.
If you feel that you're going to be on more than three seconds like that call.
OK.
It's 118.
In fact, I think what we ought to do today, anymore mobile phones,
we'll just leave them on hold the longest.
But we'll keep putting them to the bottom of the list.
We'll leave them.
We'll be listening to that.
What we ought to do, like Howard, we'd probably be ripping off one of the
other ideas that Alice could get on our case on some other station.
But remember when he had all those guys coming in,
oh, you're looking for the biggest guy in New York,
or the smallest guy on both.
And maybe we could have Oriental women.
We would close those blinds over there in our window.
And we would have Oriental women come in the studio.
And you and Steve, of course, you'd both be emotional.
I could be the third, the tiebreaker, because I would be unemotionally involved.
I could be more objective, too.
And we could judge the largest Oriental breasts.
I don't think we'll have any contestants.
I just don't believe it.
I've been wrong.
Been wrong. Been wrong before.
It's just an idea.
Just something to...
I think it's a great idea.
Something to sink your teeth into and work on, okay, to develop.
Okay, let's go back to these exciting calls.
It's 126 at WIOD.
Sunrise. Hello.
Hi, Nancy.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Okay.
That Mayor Hoffman is just getting a little emotional, you know what?
Open line in Broward.
524WIOD, pompano.
Hello.
To go on Neil.
Okay.
First time caller.
It's a remand this weekend.
Yeah.
Don't sound too excited, sir.
Well, I think the story was terrific.
And Dustin Hoffman's acting was...
Yes, terrific.
But...
But I think to hear you talk about how this is like Tom Cruise's first movie.
It's not a key act.
Anything else in this movie.
So maybe...
You know, it's a little bit more from frustration than he has in another movie.
Well, I don't think that...
First of all, I disagree with you.
I mean, if you're going to compare this to all the right movies or some of these other...
In the end, you're going to think movies that he's been in.
I can't agree with you.
I think these are a lot...
It's a vehicle.
It's a vehicle.
But if the acting has an improved, Danny.
But...
You can't have played a part of that.
The movie transcends whether, you know, we debate whether Tom Cruise is a great actor
or a good actor or a lousy actor.
The point is that his acting, in my opinion, doesn't detract from the greatness of the movie, okay?
No, no, no.
In other words, he's not...
To put it your way, he's not so pathetic that he just...
It's a lane that he destroyed the movie.
He ruined the movie.
Yeah, he ruined the movie.
I mean, got a pot.
And I disagree with you.
I think he does a good job.
See?
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Look, the problem with certain of these kid actors, like, for example,
if Robbie Benson were in that movie.
There's stereotype.
In other words, once you see them, you automatically assume that there are certain things.
Right.
You know what I'm saying?
That's the same with Tom Cruise, though.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah, I mean, this acting is just the same as Tom Cruise.
Tom Cruise is the same as Tom Cruise is the same as Tom Cruise.
So you're not...
But you're not going in there and watching it objectively, like it's another movie.
I don't really have any strong feelings about Tom Cruise one way or the other.
Right.
Any sense.
I know other people don't believe that, but he's no big deal to me.
Right.
But so I don't really care one way or the other.
But I just...
I didn't look at it like this is Dustin Hoffman and this is Tom Cruise.
I just looked at it like he'd hear some movie, you know?
And is it...
Do I enjoy it or not?
And I enjoyed it tremendously.
I thought it was...
It just blew me away.
Yeah, it was outstanding.
As a matter of fact, the best part I thought was when you realized that Dustin Hoffman was the rainman.
Yeah.
Speed, I was a man.
It surprised me too.
And I realized rainman, the rainman.
Right, exactly.
Also, on the BOLD, I was like a Paul's a guest on there.
Want me ask you anything here?
Oh, yeah.
Ask me how come that wardrobe over here is getting so big?
Hey, you go on neutral physical.
Yeah.
All right.
Okay.
If they had a bird, oh, bird thing.
How you doing?
He says he says.
Okay.
Bye.
129 at WIV.
Did you get that?
He said hi.
Yeah, I got that.
I want to know how you're doing.
Everything's okay.
Altaline and Broward.
524 WIOD.
Let's go to Eddie and the Mercury.
Hello.
Happy New Year, guys.
How you ready?
Pretty good.
Did you ever get my letter?
And that's...
I was going to have a picture with you.
I said I'm the Don.
He was going to fall over.
Yeah, well, I have one of those pictures.
Is Don on the phone.
How are you guys doing?
Great.
Just wanted to let you know I don't know if he's listening.
Finally had my little baby girl.
Congratulations, Eddie.
Seven pounds, 14 ounces.
Very healthy.
So, Stann, if you're out there, I guess we both made it.
Yeah, Stann's got a little boy and you have a little girl.
Maybe something.
Yeah, I mean, it's pretty good there.
We'll wait a few years.
Yeah, wait five or ten years.
So, uh...
Just call to say hello.
Wish you a happy new year.
And give you the news.
Great.
And tell Gail if you're still walking around.
I still say she should try dating a married man.
