Okay, that was great.
5.60 WQAM, I'm Bill Calder and nice to be with you this morning.
Hope everybody's okay and we're going to go right to the phones.
I got some calls on hold.
I can't believe it.
It's wonderful.
I'm online one.
What do we have a surprise, Calder?
Is that what they said?
Oh boy.
Keep your hand on the dump button.
Steve, Steve, read my lips.
Keep your hand on the dump button.
Good boy.
Hello.
Hello.
Good morning, Bill.
Good morning.
How are you?
Fine, thank you.
Bill?
Yes.
How's New Orleans?
How is it?
How much New Orleans?
How is New Orleans?
Yes.
Phil Kabase.
Oh?
Hello.
Phil Kabase.
What's that?
Okay.
Well, I just take it a guess.
Okay.
Could you put me in hold?
Would you want hold?
Yes.
What do you want to hear the show?
No, no.
I have a radio.
That's what it's for.
Who is this?
Oh, come on, go wake up.
Do you know who it is, Steve?
You don't know.
Okay.
I'll wait for you while you play a song.
You wait for me while I play a song?
I'll wait for you when I play a song.
Please, I'll sing one.
No, I can't.
I won't be able to talk.
You mean off the air?
Yes.
No, I can't do that.
Oh, yes, you can.
Phil.
What?
Well, Bill, Bill.
Yes, you.
Bill, Bill.
I wrote you a letter while you were up there in New Orleans.
You wrote me a letter while I was in New Orleans?
Yes.
I'm on work.
I'm on, I'm on leave.
Intent.
You're on leave?
Yes.
What, like a work release program?
No, no, no.
No, a vacation.
From where?
Oh, from the middle east.
There you go.
Ah.
Boy, I am really, um...
Are you still don't know?
No, I do.
Oh, come on, call the...
Hey, listen, I'm just...
Okay, I'll give you a clue and you'll get it, okay?
Ready?
Hello?
Yes.
Hello, Neil.
Okay, now have you got it?
No.
You still don't know, G-d.
I have no idea who it is.
No, you're kidding me, of course.
Yeah, give you a clue.
You already give you another clue,
because I'm sure we're boring your...
Your...
Your many listeners all...
That...
Seven of them?
Hello?
I'm gonna hang up on you if you're gonna do that to me.
If you don't embarrass me.
Oh, because you...
No, I'm not trying to embarrass you.
Oh, my God, I don't believe this.
There you go.
Oh, I hope Neil isn't listening.
No, he's not listening.
Where's he at?
He's been here as they came to talk to me.
Oh, my God.
He doesn't know I'm reformed.
See, that's the whole thing I called him up yesterday
and he was totally out of it.
Did he hang up on you?
No, he didn't hang up on me.
I said, what am I coming to visit?
Does that plant to visit him?
Whether he likes it or not.
Oh, my God.
How do I get to QAM to sing a little before I leave?
Where are you going?
I'm leaving on the 12th of September.
Well, we can't have any visitor.
We're not set up for visitors till after the 13th.
Ah, that's funny. That's a good one.
How do I sound?
You sound wonderful and the music is even better.
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
This is...
Isn't this weird? Don't give your name.
No, I don't. Please don't say who this is either.
I wouldn't...
I wouldn't even attempt to...
That's right.
I've backed up.
Well, that's incredible.
Are you going to come by and see me someday?
Yes, I want to do that.
I want to have a chance to, because I haven't.
How long have I been...
been abusing your show for?
Yes, and yet...
Yes, and yet...
Unbelievably...
Yes, and yet, ever since you were...
All over the place.
Did you get on NEO show?
Yes, but it took too long.
And what did he do? Hang up on you?
No, he didn't hang up on me.
I said hello, NEO.
I want you to...
Did he recognize your voice?
Yes, after... after...
Well, it started out like...
Manana said hello, NEO.
It's like how are you?
And he says, well, by the sound of this car's getting kind of boring.
Well, that's because you don't know, you don't recognize the voice.
He says, oh, it sounds like somebody from Kendall.
Oh.
I said, right.
It says, one, can I visit?
And he says, never.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
I said, why not?
And he goes, the voice has changed.
What have they done?
Has it made giving you an operation?
Yeah, that's right.
That's what I was going to say, then.
And...
No, you want to say that?
No, he's already said it.
I don't want to write on his cotail.
All right, listen, I got to run.
Call me now, okay?
I will.
Okay, there he goes.
Mystery caller.
Well, if Rogers hears that, I'm going to be in so much trouble.
But he put them on the air.
What the hell?
Um... Chris.
Okay, you're on WQAM.
Chris.
Yes, good morning, Bill.
QAM welcomes you with open arms.
Oh, well, that's so nice of you, huh?
Well, we... we go a step further.
As a matter of fact, um...
Wait, I have to cough here.
Thank you.
Oh, okay.
All right, all right.
Uh, listen, Bill, what time are you going to be at, uh, uh, baseite tomorrow?
Well, the guy who has been booked to sing,
oh, promise me, in Lithuanian,
at Larry King's wedding.
And the guy called us from West Palm Beach.
His name is Larry Barronoff.
Well, who keep football?
That was an incredible call.
I wish everybody could have heard it.
But, listen, you can't...
You just have to go with what you have, right?
Okay.
Now, Bob Harnes, you're standing by.
Now, I'm, you know, I'm putting this stuff in there.
I'm taking my life in my hands.
I'm putting this in a machine without having heard it.
The bird's the wire.
Okay, 10.07 at W.I.D.
Yeah, the bird is, uh, really making noise.
I'll tell you that.
I got a couple of calls at home yesterday.
A couple of frantic calls with some more bird spottings and sightings.
And, uh, what can I say?
What can I tell you?
Anyway, Alex Bennett is going to be here next week to do this show.
I have no idea who that is.
Everybody else in the business seems to know who that is.
Okay, so he must be very famous and really great.
And, uh, he got fired at KITS in San Francisco.
And, it says, uh, his sudden departure from kids is caused quite a stir in the market, et cetera, et cetera.
So, he's going to be here next week with the bird.
I understand.
And then, of course, when I come back the following week, then we'll take care of that problem, okay?
Anyway, it's 10.07 at W.I.O.D., a Michael Putney of Channel 4.
We certainly want to wish a good luck to.
Heidi Overpaid, a great guy, but evidently very much overpaid.
I want to say, they didn't give any numbers in here.
Well, Steve will probably come on and tell you how much Michael's going to make.
Because Steve likes to talk about how much people in the business are making.
But, Michael Putney is going to Channel 10.
And it's kind of like, uh, it's kind of like what they do over at W.S. News.
I'm not trying to relate the talent because that would be a shot at Michael.
But I'm just talking to these revolving shares that they've got in the market.
How, you know, one day, one guy's at one station and one anchor woman is another.
And they just keep revolving around and around like a deck of cards, you know?
So, Michael's going over to be an anchor, I guess, at Channel 10 in February, no less.
Steve, this is only August still. He's going there in February.
I wonder what that means.
Is he still going to be on four between now and then?
And every time you look on there, you're going to think you're watching Channel 10.
I heard all about Larry Barron office morning on the Bill Calder show.
And I was just driving off the road. Nobody understands what that means except me.
So I'm glad that the Bill has got somebody in the audience who's understanding
some of that bizarre humor that was, I just, just about when I also heard a call on that show this morning.
You know, it takes more than just changing your voice.
Okay? This is a little message to one of our friends in Kendall who called here yesterday.
And he's back briefly. We hope it takes more than just changing your voice to show, you know,
a certain degree of maturity. One of the things that certainly would help would be kind of diminishing your obsession with radio
and with radio personalities and with being a groupie and call.
I mean, that was such a boring call this morning that I can't, it was almost as bad as Bob Martin.
Okay? Same genre, I think. But what can I say?
Okay, nine minutes after 10. We're here to kill four hours before I go on vacation again.
And then Steve has got open phones this afternoon.
And we have, oh, I didn't even realize we got the game tonight.
This is really bizarre. I didn't even realize that.
We must not have done a great job of promoting it this week because I didn't know about that.
The Dolphin Express had six. And the special multi-hour NFL edition of Sports Talk following the game.
The Dolphins at the Redskins with kickoff at eight o'clock.
Hello?
This is not. Hello?
Um, hi.
What a look. Oh, man, sometimes you really want television.
Um, yes.
I'm on my way to the track.
So I just, you're on your way to the track?
Yeah. So I just thought it stopped by in chat for a moment.
Well, it's sure nice seeing you. Well, yeah, I bet.
There's a reason Alex Bennett's going to be here next week to work with you.
Yes, I know. But that's not what I came by to talk about.
Oh, what can I do a break now first?
Of course.
Because I'm sure this is going to take three of us time.
Yes, a great deal.
This is called the All of By portion of the show. And it ought to be very exciting.
Yes.
And I've been re-getting just all these emergency calls at the house.
Me too.
Even Capri to call from out of town yesterday from Seattle again.
And I said, hey, I'm on the other line with an important call.
Although he's threatened to call here today.
I'm not threatened, but he promised to call on the bat line.
I have no idea what he wants.
Well, good. I have something to tell him.
Well, it may not be while you're here if you have to go to the track.
Anyway, it's 11 past 10.
Boy, what a great surprise, huh?
Boy, this ought to be the beginning of a really 12-day.
Okay, let's take that first break, Roger.
When we come back at our start, really heating up to my...
In other words, these people didn't tell you what we were talking about.
Well, they said, yeah, they told me one thing.
Now, who were these people? Anybody out there?
Well, no.
No.
It's a good friend of yours called on the show the other day.
Well, who is that?
Just a minute. I want to get the card out.
Oh, yes. I know about this.
I was told about this, too, during the day.
Were you?
Yeah.
Boy, those Yantas really were out there.
Unbelievable. I guess it's really...
I was really talking.
Yeah, people are really talking.
I don't know about what.
It's, I don't understand what I have done.
Uh-huh.
And I would like to address the issues.
I notice nothing has changed.
You still can't find any cards.
Well, I'll find it all right.
You're really searching.
Trust me.
Oh, uh, uh, uh.
Okay. All right. Here we go.
It really is, Irene Richards.
Mm-hmm. One of the legends in the market.
That's correct.
Now, they said that one of your complaints,
maybe the biggest complaint,
but this is what the main thrust of what they finally told me,
was that I did not attend the remote on Wednesday.
Is this the...
Well, I like part of it because this was the week
that you were going to be gone
and you had made these specific plans.
Remember that?
Yes, they...
They planned the change that you used as usual to do with it.
No, excuse me.
This is my vacation.
Well, yeah.
So I know Marco has booked up for you heavily this time of year.
Then this week, what are you trying?
This is the week they told me to go on vacation.
They told you?
Oh, now wait a minute, boy.
It's no, no, no, wait.
Steve came shovel, please.
No. I have said to you to go on vacation this week.
Let me clarify.
This boy Gary was just a smoking at the ears.
About what?
About what?
About the fact that you first of all,
when we went to Chicago,
you gave him a lot of crap about that.
And then this week when we had that big thing at the bizarre,
where we had a great turnout,
even without you, it was shocking.
We had a great turnout,
and you pulled the same trick again.
It's not that you want to give you advanced notice
on the 13th of September.
Listen, we're doing a...
I should say I'm doing a remote at specs in North Miami
at a hundred twenty-fourth in this game,
which is only up the road away.
No problem.
Over, in fact, it's not far from Arnold's.
I'm no problem.
That's in Miami.
Let me say this, and I've said this...
No, it's in North Miami.
Okay, I've said this over and over and over,
and I'm going to continue to say it until it finally...
I guess registered.
I've said this on...
And then what many times?
I know we had all these sightings,
these bird sightings coming in.
I've been in and out of town.
Jimmies?
Yeah, I've been in and out of town.
And the Magic 102.7.
I've visited some friends.
And on Tuesday, no less,
Power 96, I think it was.
I stopped by to have dinner with a friend of mine.
Is that okay?
Well, I guess,
while I was sitting over there doing that remote,
all by myself,
with Johnny Dark filling his fat face on one side,
in that rich filling,
his even a fatter face.
Let me say this again.
I've said this on and off the air.
I'm going to say it again.
In March,
Bill Wise pushed and pushed and pushed me
to get my vacation weeks
to register them with Yolanda.
Remember her?
In March, I picked...
I remember Yolanda that got squeezed out
so that boy Gary could bring his body.
In March,
and also who had had the memos in them.
Two weeks,
which could have been one of the fact that things
in the history of broadcast are really tacky.
In March,
I picked two weeks out of a hat
at random.
You picked him out of a hat virtually wrong.
Would you like me to tell the true story about this?
I picked the weeks that I was going.
As usual, the week following when I go.
That's correct.
In two of my three vacations,
thanks in part to the sales department,
and also thanks in part to the lawyers
and the courts and all this ongoing insanity
with the friend.
I changed two of the three weeks.
My week stayed.
The weeks I picked in March stayed.
Now, the first week...
So in other words, you can't change.
Is that what you're saying?
Don't say that.
There was no reason to change.
I mean, if you can't change.
No one asked me to change.
They didn't ask you about going to Chicago.
No.
They asked, well, he told me about the remote.
The birds of a liar.
I went home, I checked the dates,
I went back and I said,
I'm going to be with a gone on vacation, they said fine.
Now, that Chicago remote was decided to date on while you were in Europe.
I picked this week in March.
Now, this week, they said,
they came to me and they said,
we have a remote,
August, whatever it was.
I went home, I checked.
Yes, 23rd.
Yes, 23rd.
I went home, I checked the dates,
and I should have brought the papers.
They did you were over at magic,
schmuzing around with Joe Johnson?
No.
It was not that day.
It was the day before I was at magic.
Oh, the day you were at power 96.
Same day.
Schmuzing around.
To some radio yentos over there, yeah.
I stopped by to visit some friends.
I thought it was okay.
I thought it was allowed.
It would have been in this station.
You were on another station,
which even made it like...
I'm working.
Rubbing salt into the wound.
No, it isn't.
It was something...
It was my vacation.
Related to.
I wasn't working.
It was my vacation.
I was.
Now, you told me something in June.
And if you rack your memory,
you may remember, you told me,
the birds of Lyre,
that when I go on vacation,
I should go,
and I should forget about work,
and I should have a wonderful time,
and I shouldn't worry about anything.
So that's what I did this week.
I went.
I had a wonderful time.
I totally forgot about WIOD,
which is what you told me to do.
I did not even realize it was Wednesday.
If you want to know the truth,
I did not think anything about work.
You didn't realize what was Wednesday.
I didn't even realize it was Wednesday,
or there was any...
I didn't think about this place.
I did not listen to the show.
I've been out of touch.
I did what you told me to do.
I went on my vacation.
And now,
because I did what you do,
I hear that you're on your side,
and you're saying horrible things about it.
No, not horrible things, truth things.
What are you saying?
That you shine this again.
And we desperately needed you to be there.
We'll be a part of the show.
You shine this and shows rather...
I mean, if you had been over in Marco
enjoying the sunshine and relaxing
and being oblivious to what's going on,
anybody could understand that.
Anybody could relate to that.
I did not...
But being here,
like within a stone's throw,
I was in Kendall's...
I was in Kendall, I'm going to go...
Oh, I'm going to go to Fort Lauderdale and work.
On my vacation week?
Do you do that kind of thing though?
On your vacation week?
But sometimes, for example,
the reason I didn't take two weeks to go off
was because of the litigation that's going on to go to court.
The reason I didn't take this week off
was because we had the remote...
No, the bizarre.
Nobody said anything to me about that.
Let me say it again.
Now, could I have taken this week off?
Well, we had a remote that we had signed up weeks and weeks ago.
Could we have done that?
We?
Could I have done that?
Sure show.
So, why could it just shine those nice people over there at the bizarre?
We had a great turnout.
The people who run the place are great.
And little Tommy Denenberg,
we sure wouldn't want to ruffle his feathers.
Isn't the conference saying you were going to do your show
from the bizarre?
And it said not one word about me.
Not one word about me.
Because you'd already planned this insidious act in subordination.
There's a trocity of insidious nature.
Yeah.
But I want to talk more about it.
Well, after we talked about Toyota of Hollywood,
where he also was insidious,
and I was treated...
Many of the people in our wonderful,
proud, as tied,
like some kind of subhuman...
Kind of the same way he treated Jim Scholar,
who used to be at Hot 105.
You're right about that.
He two summers ago.
Oh, that's correct.
And the shine...
The turning is back and treating him just like some kind of sewer rat.
But anyway, one thing about the bird,
at least he's consistent.
It may not be good, but he's consistent.
And they're consistent at Toyota of Hollywood
and giving you the best deals in town.
And this weekend,
be a good time for you to get your little fanny over there
and check out the incredibly low prices
on those beautiful new 89 Toyota.
You know that every dealer in the country right now
is telling folks, and honestly,
in fact, some of the dealers,
it's the first honest thing they've said for years,
but with Toyota of Hollywood,
they don't play those kind of games.
But the bottom line is they all have to move out the 89's
that they have on the lot to make room for the 1990's
that are coming in a just a matter of weeks.
So you're going to find prices slashed.
You'll find the same great service in the same great folks
to do business with.
And right across the street,
a course over on the west side of 441,
you'll find a tremendous selection of really great
reconditioned use cars too.
It's all waiting for you at Toyota of Hollywood,
the southeast number one Toyota dealer.
And you'll find them at 1841 North State Road 7 in Hollywood.
What is this from? Is this from the,
oh, it's from the Sun Sentinel?
Does somebody just fact to us?
Oh, look at this.
Here's another great fact.
It says the donut guy is not one person, but two.
David, ex-manager of the Bird Road donut store
and Tom fired from the Tammy Amy Trail store.
Did you know that blanks has gone out,
I'm not going to mention your name.
They've gone out of business a few months now.
They've been out of business.
Huh.
Fascinating.
It said so to other places that were owned by the same company.
David is from Iowa and Tom from Miami.
And if they didn't spend all day trying to call you,
their stores might still be in business.
Anyway, they're both douchebags.
Tom once called the Steve King show and said,
oh, geez, I'm not going to repeat that.
The donut stores are auctioned off today
by a company appointed by the court.
Isn't that fascinating?
Now I know why we never, didn't fact reach
though one time go into that donut plane?
I saw the guy calling.
Remember?
And how long does it say that they've been out of business?
For a few months, you know.
It's like it's like it's possible.
Sure.
The other thing is a wanted, a personal from the Sun Sentinel.
This is incredible.
It doesn't have any names.
Broadcasting male executive.
Divorced 65, 45, I think that says,
or six college graduate.
Excellent above average income.
Likes rainy nights, beautiful sunsets, travel,
kids, dogs, Disney World, Epcot.
Long weekends in San Francisco, late night talks,
jazz, old movies, new ideas, museums, zoos, and cheers.
There's something I can't, uh, family activities
and much more would like to meet a young woman, 30 to 40,
who is sincere, kind, honest, genuine,
and tired of being alone.
Children welcome.
If you're interested in meeting a down-to-worth man
with big shoulders to lean on during good times in bed,
and you'd like to be cherished, loved, pampered, and spoiled,
we should chat sometime soon.
Please, no drugs, heavy alcohol use for those
with emotional baggage from previous relationships,
replies to box, et cetera.
Think it's someone we know?
I don't know. Well, six, five.
Sounds like a monster in the business.
Oh, my God, speaking of a monster in the business,
isn't this an incredible coincidence on the bat line
from Seattle, Washington, ladies, and gentlemen?
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Or is it afternoon over there?
Well, it's funny you should call right at this moment
because we have a surprise visitor in the studio
who came in to visit us on the last day of his vacation this week
on his way to the track.
Who's that?
Well, somebody that you know and love.
Ah.
A good friend of Irene Richard.
George Boy.
Ah.
Is that the any clue?
I haven't had, oh, not at all.
No.
A good friend of Irene Richard?
Yeah, well, I've just been a little sarcastic.
Oh, glam?
Yeah.
Ah.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Against the latest accusation.
And yours also.
One yours too, isn't it?
Well, it's not going to be great.
I was just sitting here just trying to kill four hours.
Little did I realize that we were going to have this kind of level of intensity today.
This is great.
It is intense.
I'm confused.
You might even have to skip the track today and just stay here.
No, no.
Take you on for the whole four hours.
Oh, what's left of it?
Well, we'll go over to Keenshow.
But that could be.
Uncle Neil told me...
Uncle Neil told me, related to me, a tie-rate you threw against me about a week ago.
A pretty short story.
That rich said that the birds are liar.
A tie-rate about what?
About me.
I'm a tie-rate.
That's what he said.
And you tore into me.
I thought to start backing off here.
I'm not, but I'm trying to remember what you're talking about.
What that I was pissed at you because you're telling people I got fired and I rape little children.
No?
Well, he didn't say you got fired.
Oh, he did?
Dave, I have never, to my knowledge, said anything negative concerning you that I know of.
Well, that's it.
Now I can tell you right now, that's the lie.
I mean, that's incredible.
Well, you have said right in that chair over there, what you don't dare to sit in today and said that.
And ripped this man an ass to lunch, which I have still to eat.
I don't just a lot of garbage.
No, I have not.
Oh, trust me.
When he was on that morning show at that unmechanable station, about stealing ideas and, oh, just on.
Oh, didn't we ever resolve that?
Doing those talk-ups that Johnny Dark invented the idea.
Come on, let's cut the crap.
But let's have a little bit of honesty here, at least for a moment.
Yeah, really?
I'm an honest person.
I don't lie.
I've reached said that the birds are liar.
I just say you were actually lying just that you get a lot of misinformation in you.
In other words, the old thing about if you say something often enough, you start to believe it.
No.
That's the ad.
You start believing your own BS.
That's true.
Yeah.
Well, no.
I don't know what it is.
It's just that it's not a matter of lying.
It's just that you say something and then you start to believe it's true and you start to talk about it on the air.
It's not a false of you.
You just can't control himself, I think.
I mean, you know, the bottom line is who cares.
Exactly.
A hundred years from now, nobody will give a damn, right?
Well, I mean, the fact that he was in town, he was supposed to be at Marko Island on vacation this week and he left me to do a remote at the Bizarre up in Fort Lauderdale all by myself on Wednesday,
which somehow I managed to squeak through.
And the meantime, he was in town here, smoothing around with his buddies over at Magic.
I was on vacation.
I was on vacation making a tour of the local radio station.
No, I visited a couple of friends.
Kind of like Johnny Stark, you know, these people.
I visited a couple of friends with Mobile Alana Bama and they visit broadcasting studios, you know.
No, I had to talk about it this evening.
I had to take Joe Johnson a videotape.
Oh, boy.
And Rick Peters was there and Yelton was there.
Oh, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy.
What does that say?
It says pluck the bird.
Oh, anyway, I thought it was a glad you asked for it.
Allowable.
I thought it was allowable on vacation when I had some time, Dave, because I was in and out of town.
I wasn't in Marcos long as I planned to be and I thought it was allowable to visit some friends when I had some time.
It's course night. It's not when you're in radio.
And I did not think I had to go to work while I was on vacation.
This is my big crime, Dave.
Now, there's the fact that you're calling from Seattle boat well.
Does this mean that you're working?
Oh, yes, yes.
Oh, well, thank because I never heard from you again.
Now, I was at home a few nights ago.
I was actually what happened just a minute now.
I was here in the daytime and Nick gave me a message that the manager of the station in Seattle had called,
and said if Caprita calls you, meaning me, give him this message.
And just by coincidence, like some kind of a psychic vibration, that night I was watching the Cubs game or something and the low and behold,
here's Caprita on the phone and I gave him the message.
He sounded depressed.
He was hundreds of miles in the middle of nowhere, driving around aimlessly in the middle of the night,
wondering what the hell was life was going to be.
And one in the middle of the night.
It was afternoon and Oregon.
Well, like I said, I can lie with the best of them too.
And anyway, it's so weird to hear you guys on the radio.
Doesn't it sound better though?
You're driving around the middle of the night.
It's raining and your windshield wipers are broken.
And you don't know whether to scream or eat a banana.
And all of a sudden, you get this message from me and you call a guy and he gave you the job.
Right?
It was a real crazy.
I must admit that I am touchlessly left pretty quickly.
And what was that?
That's my traffic person.
Oh, are you on the air?
Yeah, it's 730 here.
But you're not on the air.
So anyway, it's...
Are you on the air?
Yeah, I'm on the air.
I got to put you on hold for a second.
Well, we got to do a break.
Okay, well, I do too.
Hold on.
Okay, hold on.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Now, see, he won't put us on the air.
They're not ready for this show.
I'm Seattle.
Okay, we have an open-line in Palm Beach.
I have no idea why I'm saying that because we're never going to get you on the air.
But I wanted to look good for our visitor in the studio.
655WYOD.
And we'll come right back.
Okay, it's 1038 at WID's.
Our celebrity caller back.
He's not back.
Is he on the air really, to think?
Or is he just probably calling in a phone booth?
He's got a couple of friends standing outside.
You know, making guttural sounds and making sounds of a helicopter
for the traffic.
You know, trying to make it sound like he's working again.
I don't think he's working.
Anyway, Caprito, be back on the line any second.
We want to remind you, of course, so we don't want to forget about that ballgame that I cheesed.
I wasn't even aware.
We know that the bird will be listening.
Ha ha ha.
Hang on.
Hair-free words.
The Dolphins ad Washington.
Oh.
And the boy, am I glad I'm not going to be here next week, so I don't have to listen to all the
effecting and carrying on.
Okay, it's just an exhibition game, all right?
Oh, good.
So after the Redskins score their fourth or fifth touchdown in the first quarter,
I don't want you to start getting all upset and sorely.
You just stick right with it, okay?
Just hanging there and be a real fan as only people in this town can do.
Well, I don't know if he's ever coming back.
Well, these districts.
Because we had a three minute...
Oh, there he is.
So what's going on?
I heard him breathing on the other end of the phone, which is a good sign.
Now, are you really on the air?
Yeah.
What are you doing?
You playing music?
Yeah, it's kind of like the wave, the breeze, the wind, whatever they call themselves now.
The breeze?
You know, like, what's the station down there that does that?
The stiff breeze.
Yeah.
Mostly stiff.
They were the breeze and they were the wave, not in the breeze again.
Yeah, now they're the white tornado.
The hurricane.
Where the one that Jim Kelly works on.
Oh, is he over there?
Yeah, does he?
Well, did you stop by and see him?
No.
Oh, well, today would be a good day to stop by and see Jim Kelly.
See if he's still wearing that leather jacket.
At motorcycle jacket.
Well, that's not brought back from Amsterdam.
I heard a bunch of talk radio driving out here and up through California.
How better it was great.
I heard maybe one or two that was listenable and the rest was just, it just reminds me how we used to make fun of the people that talked about, you know, what's the matter with your train or plumbing or, you know, really pertinent topics like that.
Yeah, or like the Maggreenshow.
Yeah.
But KGO and San Francisco sounded good.
They had a couple of guys that sounded pretty good.
No, they don't.
I've heard KGO and San Francisco own span and all those other really boring guys.
They don't say too much.
They're not pretty exciting.
Well, that was the point I was getting at.
Is that...
It sound good, but they don't say anything.
I just can't, I mean, you living in Miami, it seems like a big city like San Francisco would really use a talk show.
I don't want anything to do with San Francisco.
It's just, just in a road test, the weather is awful.
It's cold as hell.
Kind of like Seattle.
Oh, it's beautiful here.
There are rains every day and it's really cold and it never gets over 65.
I don't go for that kind of stuff.
What do you get?
I get up about 5 and it's kind of foggy and about 50 something and then by the afternoon it's beautiful over here.
And 62.
If you say it'll be about 72 today.
72, holy Toledo.
Yes, they're having a heat wave in Seattle.
I've never been in Seattle, but everybody says it's a great place.
Of course, they said the same thing about this place too.
I guess that, by the way, I have the September Money Magazine out today.
Hold on, hold on.
Kill some time with this.
Well, we can, we can't hold on.
You can hold on, but we have a show to do here.
Okay, Caprita?
Seattle's the number one study.
Amazing.
The number one, yeah, it's just by there.
That's why I brought this out.
This is the top 300 places to live compared with last year.
Yeah.
By their name.
And number one, this is the Readers of Money Magazine.
Number one is Seattle.
Right.
Last year, number 11.
And the Danbury, Connecticut last year was number one.
This year dropped to number two and wouldn't you know it?
San Francisco last year was number five and this way up to number three on the hit parade.
So I guess that tells what kind of people they talked to for the survey.
What, what now?
Now this is the survey in Money Magazine and it's got Seattle listed as the number one place to live in a country.
This is a survey of their readers.
It's supposed to be the best place to have a hard attack.
Up from number 11 last year, number one on the hit parade with a bullet.
They got like about a dozen Northwest cities on that list.
Miami is number 75 down or up from 111 last year right behind Rochester, New York is a matter of fact.
I got up the other day I was really getting homesick thinking about everybody and about Miami.
How much I missed it.
And then I did this news break and the first story was about that about Seattle being number one.
And the last story was about South Florida being the number one place where toilets break down.
And all of a sudden things started falling into perspective and I felt a little better.
Number 187 is West Palm Beach.
Wow.
Number 120 is Fort Walton Beach.
I'm looking for Fort Lauderdale.
I had the thing on there yesterday but it's way down the list.
Fort Walton's world as fat people live.
Yeah.
No that's Tamarack.
That's Dick Gregory and all of the fat people live there.
Dick Gregory?
Yeah the guy he's making the comedian who helps people lose weight.
Oh I thought you meant he was fat.
He weighs about 40 pounds.
Bradenton is 172 and where the hell is Fort Lauderdale?
I know it's on here somewhere but it's way way way down the list.
286 is Pokipsi, New York.
Wow.
And 289 is Jackson Michigan.
Isn't there some place near Detroit is the last one?
No he's Detroit did very well this time.
47 up from 71 so I know this is full of baloney.
No the very last one number 300 is a city that's near Detroit.
Oh the last one?
Oh Benton Harbor.
No that's on a West Coast of Michigan.
That's way across.
Yeah that's a horrible place.
Everybody's got to work.
It's like a city that's out of business.
It is.
But anyway enough of this small talk let's get back to the real purpose of this call and let's get right back to the nitty gritty.
Well I'm looking out this window this is great.
If it's kind of foggy in the morning I'm overlooking the Puget Sound and way off in the distance in the mist of these mountains.
And then it clears up and it's really beautiful here in the afternoon.
Great.
But I did get kind of homesick and all but it's working here.
No you don't get homesick for the colon and for that insipid morning show.
You know that nobody's even talking about that station anymore.
They don't even rip it anymore.
That's how obscurity's now.
Nobody even remembers that it's on the air.
Oh God.
Just give them a break.
The colonel is a great guy.
I'd like to work with him.
Oh man okay you try to get into the same league with the bird now is that it?
What is that?
Birds of Lyre.
What is it?
Oh I see.
Yeah.
We'll draw you a map.
I see.
So is there any parting words that you want for your friend here?
No just a party back in town in a few weeks I've still got all my stuff there and my pussy cat is still down there.
Magic.
Yeah magic still down there.
It seems like you've mellowed against me Dave which is good.
I don't think so.
I think he hates you with a passion.
I just needed to put on a good act.
I just don't understand you sometimes some of the things that you have.
Some of the vicious low shots, some of the cheap shots and the vicious behavior.
You know I don't have any animosity toy.
Well you know it's funny you should say that because somebody called yesterday when he wasn't here and said the same thing.
It really is I reenriched.
Is that an incredible?
I'm sorry I missed that.
Yeah.
It's really sorry you weren't here to chat with her for a while.
I miss them.
I want to play that on the radio.
Yeah.
I'll be happy to send you your own copy when I come back from vacation and a week after next.
Okay well I'll see you guys hopefully in a few weeks then.
You'll see us?
I'm going to be down there for a few days.
Really?
You're going to come in here on the show?
Well I'll cause these stills and Nash.
The show is going to be there.
Wouldn't that be something Boy, Captain Dave came in on the show live in the studio and will feed him like old times.
Boy it would be great.
I missed all that food.
Yeah.
You missed the food didn't miss us.
We know what it's all about.
It's great.
Okay say hi to all our pals up there in Seattle and all those big market radio people and.
There was someone I was going to tell you about I forgot what it was.
Well it had to be real.
You're probably right.
Is on a letter.
You know on a post.
My grandmother said it must have been a lie if I forgot.
That's correct and don't forget and close the birds of liar.
Okay we'll talk to you soon.
Okay.
Isn't that something Dave Caprita on the bad line to expose you for the douchebag that we all know you are.
What are you talking about?
You realize that I could kill the entire show after you go to the track.
Look at that 285 Lyma Ohio down from 284 last year.
Melbourne Florida from 247 all the way to 236.
How do you like that?
Now what is this?
I don't uh...
Sold my dog.
That's cute.
Oh sold me my dog.
Okay I thought she was and oh a call from Captain Jimmy's.
You think we ought to call him on the air?
Why not?
Okay let's do our last break of the hour for neutral system here and then when we come back we're going to talk to the people of Captain Jimmy's and get it right from the horses.
I have nothing to hide.
Were you in there this week?
Anyway I thought about neutral system like so many people...
What was that?
Did you hear that?
No I don't know what the hell that was.
Anyway Becky has lost 20 you know Becky she lost 20 pounds already on neutral system.
It's just amazing that this building which when we came to work here was like leaning like the tower of pizza from all the weight and it was about ready to tilt.
And now it's kind of leveled off a little bit because there's so many people who have lost so much weight.
Sonny Hersh is down 30 pounds on neutral system and Fat Rich believe it or not is over the 70 pound mark.
He looks like a shadow of his former selves and you can do it too and the good news you better do it today because this is the last day today to take advantage of the unheard of discount that they're offering a neutral system this week only 50% off.
On your new neutral system program but you got to do it now because once the beginning and next week comes it's going to be back to the regular price.
So call them right now and start shedding those disgusting unwanted grotesque ugly pounds of flab and flim and garbage.
Okay call 1-800-344-thin you call neutral system right now 1-800-344-thin.
You know I really can't find for a lot of day on this list it's got the 300 cities here wouldn't that be embarrassing?
Start at the bottom.
Look at that the bottom three are all in Michigan Benton Harbor Flint and Jackson Michigan and Battle Creek is 295 so of the last six cities for them are in Michigan.
You'll ever guess what number 294 is Atlantic City.
Wow a horrendous place and I told me oh man what a toilet that I told me I don't buy this though boy Elvis would Elvis be upset if he saw this number 275 down 30 points from last year.
Kalamazoo.
They're nuts Kalamazoo is a great town.
Okay let's give this a try now just a second fine.
Wait a minute I have to dial one I'm in Dave County and it's pretty exciting I try to forget that I'm in Dave County when I come to work every day.
It's 1051 at WIOD we're going to get to the bottom of this mystery if it kills us.
Yeah what a nice keep there please.
A neo-Rajas at WIOD we're on the air.
Sure.
There you go.
Touch this up here.
I'm not quoting my source on this because it could create a lot of problems.
I know but somebody was told not to say anything about it.
Really?
Somebody you know let the proverbial cat out of the bag.
Okay now is this a crime keep there?
Is this a crime?
Right could I just talk to the cat again?
Let's not start with all of this you know butt licking here.
Let's try to get to the bottom.
In other words while he was supposed to be at Marco Island vacationing.
So the whole thing wasn't a huge thing.
While he was leaving me in the lurch at that remote on the Wednesday while Nick was putting all those crank calls on one after the other.
You see Mark didn't even know he was on vacation.
Mark had less than a few days and he didn't know bird was away.
Mark.
No he just didn't think anything over.
Right.
So well yeah nothing was he sneaked into places where people wouldn't realize that he was shining us.
Yeah.
Shining you.
Now let me have...
Yeah thank you easy for you to say.
Okay ten fifty five at WI.
Yeah I wonder.
I think we've gotten to it finally.
Not a lot.
Well there seems to have been something said to you by management that is about what?
About this vacation week.
Not true.
Well then what are you talking about?
They came to me and they said there's a remote.
How long did I say that I don't want to go do that remote alone.
I said it in Denver on Monday and I said it again on Tuesday and I said it in previous weeks.
It would be much better if there's something set up over there so that either you're going to be here or there's somebody there.
Because all these people were coming up to the table to sign pictures.
Yes.
And as I tried to explain it.
What do you mean yes?
How do you know that?
I thought you said you weren't listening.
I wasn't listening.
Oh well anyway I believe you.
Oh okay.
That's good.
All these people were coming up for me to sign pictures and then the jingle would play and the break would end.
We come back on the air and all of a sudden they all had emergencies and they all had to go home.
So I'm writing good luck.
I'm your uncle best wishes near Raj.
He's all these other stupid messages and there's like lulls and of course your friend Johnny dark who was sitting there in front of a microphone pretending that he was in who would Jonesy for your job.
He wasn't adding anything.
All he was doing was filling his fat face every time I turned my head.
He was eating pizza which I never even got to taste the pizza.
And he was eating hot dogs and cookies and everything that was in sight because we were right in the food court there at the bizarre.
Okay.
I understand what you said.
I mean I do want you to understand that we had a tremendous turn out of the show and find so they tell me I didn't like all the dead air.
I didn't like that part of it.
Now it seems.
Although that wasn't your fault.
That was Tom Denenberg's fault.
They because generally speaking he's a moron.
But they never I'm telling them.
And when I came in this morning he or somebody had a big thing up there on the wall under the clock that said the cubs suck.
It was not this that isn't enough to make you speechless.
I would.
It was.
Yeah. It was not discussed with me about postponing my vacation which I probably would have been open to.
If it had been brought up to me.
How am I supposed to know this if it was well you have a lot of people who are a lot of a vultures out there who are just gathering around preparing for your demise.
I'll tell you that right now because.
Well I don't know because they hate your guts or something I don't have any I don't have any knowledge of this.
I've been done anything you out you must have done something because you have a lot of people that are just ready to dance on your proverbial grave.
Why I don't know you'd have to ask fat rate I mean have to ask some of these people who are.
Just the apoplectic with you just the second tired of your people you know like fat like people you know.
He's upset with everybody's up to build call to his upset with you.
I didn't do anything to that riches upset with you like like like worse than management I think management of course is upset with you.
They think that you're just some kind of a total waste of space but other than that everybody's okay.
You know what it seemed at the remote where you talk about the would have been cheering.
Sharon thinks that you ought to be boiled in oil is no question about that as he just walked in there so I made it up.
I know I could have been there to help at the remote it seems like Alex Bennett boy is just foaming at the mouth wait till next week I'm sure glad I'm not going to be here for that.
Do you know who Alex Bennett is no I don't either everybody else seems to have no idea he just got fired in San Francisco and he evidently does a real filthy show which is just exactly what we need I think so.
I don't know what he does I really don't have to got any idea what he does he's old he's about 182.
Good so you can relate to him.
It seems like I would have been there you got a lot of calls here when we come back because I made a lot of comments.
He's got the bad one so if he wants to call in after the news and see what I would certainly be about.
Well I don't want to expose his confidentiality at all because he's a good guy but he's also getting a little carried away and he's becoming a divisive and creating a lot of animosity and having the upset and hysterical.
Yeah I think I just saw Fort Lauderdale on the list here somewhere there is 113 up from 123 so it's not so bad Henry Barrow standing by the great expert on the dolphins of course Henry is not going to be permitted to go with the team on the bus or even the shower with the guys after the game.
And he's going to tell you why along with the 11 o'clock news and then we'll come back at 11.05 Steve with open phones and don't forget the dolphin express in the pregame festivity start many many hours before the game.
WIOD for water day round to once again be the home of the Miami dolphins this fall news talk radio 610 WIOD dependent news talk radio 610 WIOD presents Neil Rogers to get a touch and talk call 751 WIOD and day 524 WIOD and
the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home of the home
of the home of the home of the home of the home of
Richmond and anyway it says a second would be surrogate for Ross
Layton and date Republican committee man Richard Ciderman
never got near the microphone before Cortotta arrived Ciderman
listened intently to Richmond solo interview with Hostied Cain
in case something has said that is totally erroneous in the
building this is he was here in the building Mr. Ciderman Ciderman
state put despite repeated demands from W.I.O.D. executive
producer Sharon Mahoney that he leave the premises she finally
pleaded to several people in a hallway someone helped me get rid of
Ciderman please after a tense confrontation before reporters
Ciderman finally left he wasn't pleased and by the way Sharon
don't call me again he growled on route to the exit what a
douchebag okay comes in here a points himself as the monitor of
that debate and of Steve show yesterday this is Steve's good
ex-friend okay who comes in here as no business in this building who's a
just piece of mong and the Ciderman stay out of this building okay all
right that takes care of that piece of business now let's get right
down to the nitty gritty of the show I guess Glenn wants to know why I hate
him so I'm curious I don't it doesn't hate but is very upset I have a
clue you know during the show Wednesday there was a guy who called in
Neil if you recall and asking about Glenn's car about what color you know
the color right ever and I think that may have been the guy oh that was the
bubbles guy I was I who it was the bubbles they were hanging out with bubbles
over it to have a bill boy people are talking boy I've been on vacation you
have been excited everywhere I've been with friends better watch you to
Jack's gonna start following you around you know I haven't done anything could
you imagine what do you like if I had done all this I think the bone of
contention is that it was it was under the impression that there you know that
you were gonna be away and I plan to be things change this is real life there's
no script things change for personal reasons I was back early and it was just a
coincidence that both times that you're away with the less to remote no kidding
and I think this is your fault now I think about it you mentioned earlier that I
picked these weeks you know by the way I have some incredible affidavits here I
just mentioned in passing it turns out that the a week ago today we had a
hearing in court and a lot of people thought that was the end of this whole
business with Jack Thompson which it certainly unfortunately wasn't but it was a
very narrow thing the judge was ruling on to keep him away from me and away
from this building while I'm here and etc because there was a psychologist who
testified as many of us also believe that the mr. Thompson could be dangerous and
represent a threat to some of us and that we have affidavits from two of the
people over here channel seven next to her they don't want him here either on
the property and he has no legitimate business over there in fact after our
hearing last week the people of channel seven called the judge and said that
we're very upset that you made an exception to allow him after 3 p.m. to come
on a property to come over to channel seven because he has no legitimate
business here and we don't want him here so I find that fascinating I just
mentioned that in passing okay now let's get back to the real important matters
at hand what it's my fault that what that I picked these particular weeks because
you mentioned about an hour ago that I picked them you know in conjunction with
your vacations yeah but see I changed my vacations so you could have also changed
yours very easily in other words the fact that I'm going next week you could
go on the following week very you're right but no one mentioned anything to me
about that a logical thing to do but no one brought it up to me on Wednesday at
the bizarre where no it's true plan that you're gonna be out the week of
September 13th is it you see that was a shot I noted that was a shot a
real really smiling but it was a shot you people are saying very upset about you
about what a piece of just mung I think is the word I could use I shaking his
head no yes that's my track buddy come on you guys are going to the track with me
today sure we're gonna go now this is tell the audience anything it tells me a
lot boy I'm telling you people are so fickle and so wishy washy it's just
incredible you just can't I don't know what it is for this is sad this is really
sad you're not well don't joke around the audience doesn't know that
they think that you're sucking around now by the way can I have some more that
roast beef it's delicious and it's been a spoil sitting there and of course
rich are getting near the food is always a dangerous sign are there any more
those great little olives I love those little olives with the pomegranate
yes there are yeah I didn't ask you to touch them just just kind of explore for
them thank you so much now since anyway it's 11 past 11 this is the whole
complaint it's just that we've been dealing with is this my I don't know when
we come back you'll have to ask him I don't know what else he's upset at you
about he's very upset call me at home breathless last night just
um excoriating you on the phone well I wouldn't repeat today this but he shows
up here today and um we need to get all the testimony out before the audience
and they can start it's starting to all fall together now in my mind yeah
all slowly becoming clear what's going on is it mom glad it is to you it's
11 minutes after 11 at W I O D Toyota of Hollywood invites you to come by and
check out the great deals on brand new 89 Toyota's like a super brand new 89
super with leather interior and power seats only nineteen thousand eight hundred
bucks an 89 Toyota Tursell 2 door 6700 90 a Corolla Ford or 8990 a Toyota 2 by 2
truck 7495 a four door camera only 10,000 997 and right on down the line through
the MR2s and the Salicas and all the other great Toyota's you'll find
similar savings waiting for you right now in fact if you're not close to Hollywood
you can pick up the phone wherever you are and call the Toyota hotline and
they'll give you a specific quote right over the phone on the Toyota of your
choice 1 800 842 4699 that's the Toyota hotline 1 800 842 4699 at Toyota of
Hollywood look for them on 441 just out the Sheridan Street in Hollywood and
please tell them that Neil Rogers from W I O D sent you by
11 15 at W I O D and what a way to end the week this is just what I had in
mind little roast beef here too oh look at that what good old reds boy help
us don't want this stuff to go bad we can always count on rich when there are
40 50 pounds of food sitting around getting stale so where were we well rich
was saying as you may recall or may not realize I haven't except for Caprita I
haven't taken one call we haven't who's had time we have to get to the bottom
already have all this ridiculous well let's just take one okay um
Daniel hey Neil how's it going all right now what do you think of all this so far well I'm
don't rip the bird too much you know as far as you know Caprita it sounded good
here in all three of you on the air again you know I don't know why he came in
that today the bird is still on vacation I came in coming on Wednesday on his
vacation when we had that remote at the bizarre yeah I want to make it when there's
absolutely no reason from the be here he comes in yes there is a big reason for me to
be here yes I want to straighten I want to defend myself I feel like what I feel
like is I have been tried and convicted and I haven't had a chance I think there's a
fair assessment that's what I feel like I've gotten to one straight now it seems with
Caprita he seemed very melatoid me yes if he does come down here y'all can really
get a show where y'all three sit need it be like all time I tell you it's he was the only
reason I'd listen to Vave after y'all left and when he left I just can't stand
hearing the Colonel's laugh one left from him and you know I have to turn the
channel quick yeah you know it's not like starting to catch a bird's laugh is good you know
I love his laugh but oh god the Colonel's I start pulling my hair out but there's only one thing
I have to say for next week when your vacation deal yeah or don't take it wrong with no
show of anistic show please he's not going to be doing the show Alex Bennett's going to be
doing he's just going to be cackling in the back oh well that's that's good that's going to
bring in all those twinkies and do that disgusting embarrassing stuff Alex will do that and I wish
you had someone good following your show me I mean now will you stop I'm really
doing it now I want that stuff to come on well don't listen to it now don't listen I don't
want to talk to you was your idea is that what takes some time I didn't want to talk about Steve
always cheap uh Steve came cheap shot artist I mean granted a lot of what they say may be true
but uh enough is enough already god just out of you see that that's that gratuitous crap I don't
like that okay they think that I want them to call in and rip Steve anyway we have an open
light in Palm what was that no well don't be uh touching my olive will you please god almighty
open light in Palm Beach at 655 WIDC even with all this going on here today Palm Beach doesn't
claim doesn't that tell you something so can I even though your feathers are in a ringer
see a Roger have a great life thank you so can I sum up always a time for a summation I don't know
is it whatever you say I've got a lot of time I have three hours and 42 minutes left yes you do
so in my mind what my atrocity against this show is shine the word is no no the way I see it my my
crime we don't care how you see it I noticed yeah I detected that yesterday it's what I hear that you
care what I say my crime is that I didn't go to Palm Beach hello hello is this Palm Beach yeah
you want to talk to Neil yeah hold on a second are you gonna hold hello hello you gonna hold
how you doing now okay listen if we call last week okay the bird was saying that he couldn't
change his vacation because he had planned it since they've all had reservations yeah that's
correct and he kept on saying well no I'm not gonna do it now I'm not gonna do it I can't change
can't change I did yes you did I have I had forgotten that this is a great call sir because my memory
is getting very weak in my old age and I've forgotten that that's correct I do have a tape of it
if you'd like I can't change it's not a tape of it how do you let's hear it let's hear the
yeah and you better govern himself accordingly right that's right okay thank you sir you're a great
American and a star witness okay thank you I feel like that and a troublemaker it's not true I
like fat rich yeah I could have changed my vacation I don't want to know whenever I don't
know if we have fellowship but I'll tell you I was on I forget who I was I guess I was talking to
Bill Calder last night and the other line rang and it was fat rich and I don't want to say that he
was angry with you but there was steam coming through the receiver he was smoking about will
you give specific he was smoking about you and about all these sightings and about the fact that
that when we really when a push came to shove you just to desert of the ship you deserted a sinking
ship how come how come you didn't he was there come to me how come you didn't was there how come
you didn't come to he wasn't on vacation yes he is as matter of fact how come he's on a
permanent vacation with erosmith how come you didn't come to me to my face and say why don't you
you know push your we did that on the air the guy just got through come we went through that and
you said I can't change this and I said you're going to let me go to that thing all by myself and
you said I've had this plan for months and I have my reservations it's all coming back to me
thanks to that last the pain in the ass collar now remember I do remember that very briefly one
time that was mentioned but no one had ever come to me now it's me no one had asked me anything
common sense would dictate not necessarily part of the show you don't just shine when there's a special
thing coming up that you would have gotten paid extra for speaking to getting paid extra for by
the way where is uh Tommy Denny bird is Denny bird in the building well I forgot about that where's
my check Denny bird okay well I forgot all about this you may get either you may let off the hook
I got mine did you get paid Johnny dark on his check right there in the spot
well now this this could be why it came in just like on Perry Mason and all of the trial all of
the little sidebar that comes in yes this just dawned on me uh huh because I was going to say you
would have gotten paid extra for it just like I did and now it dawns on me I didn't get paid anything
that you see why I'm here that's supposed to be part of these deals is supposed to be big bucks
when the big celebrities go out on the road man's supposed to be some serious serious dollars
and it's just and you know me man I've just like Steve when I go out and do these things I want
that check now oh look at that I want it right now because I'm broke man I haven't got two
nickels to rub together like Steve you know that seems to be next year in temperate behavior that
seems to be the number one on a hit parade question everybody is asking now because Steve keeps coming
on here and um flaunting the audience well Denny bird's on the road but he's got a phone in his
car and he knows the bad line he knew it enough to call in to be a pest on the lightning round he
can call in now okay on the bat line but uh where's Steve's money all going why is he always
broken why does he owe Nick money and Bill Mullin and Sharon that's an incredible guy that washes
the cars out here and Spencer how come at it what is that all about I mean it's his business obviously
but when he chooses to come on the air and uh beat his breast about how much money he's making
he does make a lot and he does make a far too much for him um one has to wonder and everybody is
talking about that now that's a new mystery oh so you're you fallen number two excellent well this
is good news you know in every city you'll find a restaurant that cab drivers and hotel desk
clerks recommend you out of towners in fact that you'll find five of them in South Florida they're
called shells where they're dedicated to serving only the very best seafood available everything
is cooked to order I mean fresh as the fallen snow and you are going to love shells they never
give you anything that's sitting under heat lamps are been getting monkey you know hanging around
look at that there's your sporting news now you ought to be very happy so if you want a great not
there he goes again flinging stuff around did you see what he just did Sharon brings you in the
sporting news and you go flinging it all over the floor in a childish juvenile and tempered way
well oh you know it doesn't it fits in with your behavior with your personality
lately I want the audience before they vote I want you to be aware that he just he just
flung the sporting news that Sharon so kindly brought in all over and pages are flying and
gross pig and white box picture flew out on one page and nearly lost my breakfast here
so you had this weekend with the whole gang for great seafood tremendous portions doxide prices
to any of the five South Florida shells you can't beat them with a stick they're open every
night seven nights a week for dinner beginning at five p.m. and you'll find shells in coconut
creek sunrise open park north by me beach and candle
South Florida cries out take the bird and pluck him
back away back away back away back away back away it might not be as bad
the everyone says okay twenty seven half for eleven at wio d and somebody I want to thank them
for sending me these great bumper stickers they say happiness is a hundred thousand
Canadians heading home with a new yorker under each arm these are the best okay thank you so
much and we'll slap these in the appropriate spot before the end of the show I beg your pardon
what we were about to say before you were so rudely in a row
for Alex Bennett boy he's really going to be up a creek without a paddle working with you next week
why I just is he didn't doesn't understand all that's preceded him that's all like jumping into
the fire no kidding jumping into a in inferno and then I'm told that they want me on the show aid
to show them the ropes and be to be there and and yeah and be there for the nilies and I go
well I think and why am I not just here alone if I they want me here for the nilies because they
don't trust you know why and of course now that you've brought up this part of the yeah discussion
yeah now that we've reached this part of the uh deposition I would like to say publicly that
Neil did go to bat for me and did go to management and say that you would prefer me doing the show
as it has always been done and I would like that known well I would now you I didn't say as it's
always been done I said uh for the last several years alone yeah for the last two and a half gone if
they could keep you under wraps and take all the carts out of here that um shouldn't be in here
I don't think that's a problem to you well I took them out myself yeah so I don't know what
their problem is I want me to give you an example of one if you want just briefly it's up to you
now okay here I just want you to listen very careful briefly you should get out of these night
club that's one you know it is never ever again trust me no one's anything to me I just
said it oh that's from you that's from okay higher up huh it's from why don't they ever because
you're not here you're busy over at magic and power talking all these uh I was on fake
cases has been's and never were well you're never here you're always on vacation yeah I'm always
on vacation in fact they were looking all over the building yeah just what I told you right now so
don't see you didn't get the message wait why is everything said behind my back you know why don't
you want an answer I have no life there you go who's that from so who did you see it powers
is this something we can discuss on the air yeah no friend of ours how much how many guesses not
will he be not will he be that you're in the right area and all friend of ours who let's
shock you are Elliot good yes who um had been yes Elliot uh someone who win Elliot has been with us
in the studio at Zeta Alan closer getting closer you're in the right city Bob uh oh bingo we
were working there what are you talking about the station Bob so Jack can get your license plate
number okay yes he was he's working there in sales Bob is working at power in sales yes and he was
I was in the lobby talking to Bill Tanner and Bob walked out for the end of the day with a Neil
Rogers squeeze bottle under his arm oh geez I couldn't believe I was squeezing his Neil uh
saying where the guy is salt with my own eyes I'll be dancing well I guess there's um something to it then
huh anyway it's 11.31 looking at Palm Beach line is that embarrassing here we are this could be one
of the most consternating shows in the history that I've been on a year here it's intense and they
don't they couldn't care less in Palm Beach they do want to talk about Rick Ciderman getting his
ass kicked out of here yesterday though what would you like Cheryl or are those yours those are huh
yeah but I need a coffee those are great those are incredible in other words the people
of channel seven are just they're more apoplectic than we are all right they don't want them anywhere
near the building man poor patty over there boy that's that's shocking okay is what that is
but what goes around comes around so you just keep making it up Jack and the uh cows will come
home derused now cows don't roost well the chickens will come home derused okay let's uh should
we take a couple of calls to you with the audience makes out of all this so far Del Ray hey Neil how
you doing okay this is when the reason you're not on by yourself is because you're not that
entertaining man well that is a good point and now that's the reason in fact that's what they told me
and I said well now you're nitpicking I think uh Neil you're the greatest man well we know that
about yourself I know that I will say we know this is getting to be though when Glenn came back today
it reminded me of that jerk that used to come on at one thirty or so you know used to barge in there
I don't start ripping him again will you I mean I didn't I he's getting all paranoid and secure and
he thinks I'm trying to ruin his life and ruin his show and I don't have any uh we're here
ruin his show now he's got that worst rated show up and no he does not have the worst rated show
on this station well that's true Glenn go back man get out of here I'm hung over and I listen to
your whiny little faze like boy I don't need it man I don't need it I don't like it Glenn you know
sir what I don't like you why not I think you're a jerk why I think you're a trouble man
look a good guy to me yeah I am why are you ripping me sir because you're a jerk when you're a
dope you know you're wine and you're you know you're just a a pinhead I get a nerd oh well yeah
whatever man a dweeb Glenn go to the track whatever you know what are you doing there today anyway man
what are you doing at the station I came in I came in the bug you sir I came in specifically
my friend you succeeded you know you know you know I don't know what to do I'm going you'll take
care man get out of here what a you know what I'm 33 at wio did a pleasant call to that New York drop
from number 19 last year to number 50 no wonder all the New Yorkers are here boys dropping like a rock
it's like dropping a penny from the top of the world trade center anyway Palm Beach is now
there must be a broken line huh no it sounds like it's working fine to me 655 9463 655 WIOD I guess
Debbie's got that Palm Beach audience sewn up doesn't she I don't know cheat why he's upset he is
really upset the last caller I think was the final straw straw that broke the birds back well
that call it didn't say he was hung over here yeah well he considered the source sounded fine to
me yeah sounded like a good guy to me hmm anyway let's continue I'm sure that they're going to come
to your rescue here because you know that all the bird suckers are going to get on here real quick
now and start kissing and kissing well I haven't Palm Beach show was a fault well wait a minute let me
handle this hello protect the bird he's all right okay see just brief comments from Palm Beach I
haven't done anything I don't protect you like in my mind I have in my heart I have done anything
all right let's take a survey now who'd you rather have in the building Rick Siderman or the bird
my only crime seems to be that I didn't go to work while I was on vacation that seems to be my
big plan well I like the way you've twisted around I would probably put it in a different way that
you took your vacation when we needed you the most no one asked me no one said anything to me need
you like you know marginally but I was missed so when we go you were missed and it's I was missed
and instead of you were missed and we were missed yeah and instead of appreciating me and saying oh well
maybe you know he does serve a purpose maybe he doesn't know it's not because we had a chance to
serve a purpose then you shine this nobody asked you're kind of twisting it around your body invited
you remind me of somebody I know who listens every day to this show and likes to take the obvious and
twisted around to suit his own distorted warped purposes where am I wrong then where am I wrong
everywhere what do you think if anyone had asked me to postpone my vacation Miami hello yes
okay sir listen but I'm glad it came into the fin to yourself because Neil had a hard time on
Monday trying to find trying to run the show he made that issue I know question about that
Monday was it a disaster well Neil missed you and his show has been kind of iffy since then
yeah the Wednesday he realized that the show really didn't go without the bird so bird no that's
not now let's start the career show on Wednesday went fine but instead of being missed I'm just
ripped because I didn't go to work while I was on the place yeah yesterday he ripped you so much but
you could tell in his in his the way he was talking that he really missed you and he needed you back
for the show so it's good that you came in the day to think yourself and keep it up man like you're
doing a good job and uncle nearly really missed you okay finally uncle nellie to use finally a
coherent car ah huh fine easy for you to say yeah eleven thirty six at w i o d let's do a little
quick break here and uh what we got a caller to take first though hello hello now it's time for the
break okay sure glad we got that Palm Beach calling before they head out for lunch we'll come back
after this wow eleven thirty nine at w i o d and the mark to dino who used to be a channel six
uh news right here in town fact um mark was involved in our last uh big fiasco when we had Marlon
Bailey and the Miami vice jackets sure a couple of years ago and uh mark did get his though he said
that some of the piping came off and now it says Miami ice so that's mine so mark I would save it
on it could be worth a lot of money someday okay Marlon will buy it back for a buck and a half
but uh sure good to see mark I'll tell you boy he's one of the few people that was ever on the
year in this town who looked good twenty till noon at w i o d and let's go now we don't want
Michael putty to get up sick as Michael just has this big exciting new chapter of his life that's
only going to happen in what six months or something it's really similar to over in our every
summer January February six months going to ten do you understand that I don't get it
is he still going to be on four and then everybody's going to know he's going to be a channel ten
that's a little tacky isn't it I guess I didn't read that that would have been like being on
Zeta for six more months oh everybody knowing we were coming here down with a head oh no joke about that
that is pretty heavy duty all I understand they would like to have you back
sure fort waterdale he said and the other end of the line was dead well I guess oh was there
somebody there yeah well yes hi I'm just wanting to call and say please leave the bird alone
and both of the on vacation that's correct but what's he doing here then and well as the
city had to come into the kingdom's actually I think that you you knew you're the one that
starts on these venomous attacks and then just a mean nasty guy and then if you've done all your
dirty work you try to put the blame on others that's correct right you got me you got me with my
as far as I'm concerned you're coward in a hypocrite right and a doose back on everybody shows
for your true character that's correct but you wouldn't miss the show for all of money in
I don't listen to it that often but now you don't listen that often but you just happen to have
an accident and be listening today right you miserable disgusting lying sack among
it's eleven forty two at w i o d we look at that fat riches getting so worked up now he's eating
cold cuts he's chain eating you want after the other boy just look at him did you see the way
he started today he got a piece of hand there he's attacking it like he was invading Atlanta or
something wow anyway after hearing from that very pleasant lady let's go to hi alia hello hello
yes sir hi no this is a south Miami it's what south Miami well it says hi alia on here it's
close enough okay listen i want to touch county i want to touch base with you on a couple things
yes sir okay now first of all bird yeah i'm gonna be going
