Rogers, to get a touch and talk, call 751WIOD and date.
524WIOD and Brawler, or 655-278WIOD in the form of a purchase.
Other areas may call collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on News Talk Radio 610-WIOD.
I'm a cup fan and a bud man and I trust you R2.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
He's giving again!
He's giving again!
Hey!
He's giving again!
He's giving again!
He's giving again!
He's giving again!
Hey!
He's giving again!
He's giving again!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Get in on 100.3, S.M.
Pirate Radio.
Wouldn't it be something if we never said anything all day?
Let's just get the check and leave, okay?
It's 1007 at WIOD Boyd, that JD Roberts did a great job this morning.
Wasn't he good?
Yeah.
And like I said, to Roger and a couple of other folks,
when you're bringing a real broadcast,
you're feeling it really turns out to be good.
I'll be damned.
A real honesty God broadcast during a good one.
How about that?
He's good.
Anyway, don't expect it to continue.
As we probably got some real winners filling it next week,
but it was a good start anyway.
Steve today has baby selling part two.
I know that most of you probably don't believe that,
but it's true with Richard Dmitro and Chad Dornsife,
an adoptive father and grandfather battle it out
over baby Crystal Lynn.
Crystal Lynn, I thought she related Crystal Gale.
I don't know about that whole thing.
I don't know.
I'm sure it's a very interesting show for people
who are interested in baby selling.
No, I'm sorry, it's just not my thing.
Steve said the other day, and it's true.
He's obsessed with babies.
And what's the other one?
Borshin.
No, well, that's part of the baby thing.
Oh, this is good and loud again here today, isn't it?
Baseball cards.
Baseball cards.
Who's with a B?
Anything if you get into the B?
Baseball cards, babies.
And what else begins with a B?
Beauty pageants.
Stuff like that.
But anyway, that's on a Ken show.
Then we got Mr. Plunder himself who was in a building
getting his check today.
That'll be gone by six o'clock tonight.
Hank Goldberg and Joe Zagaki.
I don't know. Joe's not going to be here.
He's on vacation, isn't it?
I heard him say last night.
No, I'm serious.
You don't know?
No, Joe will not be here.
I don't think.
I thought he said last night he's leaving for vacation today.
And by the way, what Steve did yesterday?
He is such a troublemaker.
He comes in here.
I want you to say this.
I want you to say that.
Do you remember him saying that specifically?
All that crap about Joe.
I don't know anything about Joe.
And the less I know, the better.
Okay, he's a great guy.
I hope he has a wonderful vacation.
And then we got the Yankees at Kansas City tonight
at 8 o'clock so we get the real bonus,
and that's the agenda, of course,
followed by what's the question at after the game?
Tomorrow we're going to be a Toyota of Hollywood.
We're all going to be out there.
It's going to be tremendous.
We're going to have some of the chronic skater
to weigh into police van.
And it's going to be a real event.
Trust me.
A real happening.
Okay, but in the meantime, we got four hours to kill.
Now I'm curious.
I don't want to make a big timmis about this,
but I wonder who is going to handle my check today.
Now, those of you like the one guy in the lighting room.
Where's my check?
Where's my check?
I got news for you.
If you worked here and you never knew who was getting it.
Everybody else has got their check.
You've got your sitting right there in your envelope.
Effortlessly.
Different color than mine.
Yeah.
And a different amount.
But every Friday is like a mystery.
Where is it going to come from?
And who's going to be in charge?
And who's going to take care of it, etc.
Boy, it's a major ordeal.
So it's easy for you to say out there, you know,
but it's a major mystery.
So somebody told me that lunch comes one eight to nothing, by the way.
Five in a row.
On the road.
Three games in front of the meds.
Three and a half in front of Montreal.
And four ahead of the Cardinals.
That's all I have to say.
Such with, when all the way five hitters shut out.
Two shut outs back to back.
That's it.
Now that was painless, wasn't it?
Oh, by the way, we got some horses for Carter,
because you're going out there today.
We haven't been picking purposely, because I've been just embarrassing myself.
Not today.
I'm really going to, I'm going out on a limb.
It's the seventh race.
I'm picking a horse with Steve Gaffley on,
which I've never done.
Steve, I'm sure is a wonderful guy.
I just don't bet him.
I'm sorry, but he's writing Lee's tantam in the seventh.
And of course we've had so much Lee Fowler talk lately that he just couldn't pass that up.
And then as a great back to back,
Parley, the birds picking Oriental game with Gonzalez in the eighth,
which is, how can you go right?
I couldn't pass it up.
Oriental game after that.
The male came in the other day with all those disgusting wrestling holds
that snatch, whatever that was.
So anyway, that's the tips of Carter today, and good luck to you all.
There was a horse came in yesterday in the second race.
If I'd have been picking, I know I'd have had this.
I'm a sap sucker with Larry Salmell.
Now how could you pass that up?
Well, that's like, uh, strings at card.
You know what's the...
I would imagine 1016 at WIOD.
Here's a little thing that Roger just gave us.
Nothing too exciting.
What is this?
Oh, I see.
Why flip through 100 channels still can't find something to watch.
By the way, I do want to mention thank goodness for that Pittsburgh.
What do they call it?
KBL is the name of the cable system.
And I didn't tell everybody yesterday if they wanted to see the game S320.
And that's where it was last night, all you satellite people.
So if you wanted to see that game, that was the only place you'd get it.
And those guys who did the game,
oh my god.
Horrendous.
Who is the Steve Blast?
The former pirate pitcher who was so great and then the next year his last year he just lost it.
Well, he lost everything.
I mean, he can't even speak either.
And the other guy was just so boring it was pathetic.
But it wasn't I see in the Cubscore those eight runs.
Anyway, it says maybe Willie Nelson killed a healthy starting his own Cowboy Television Network.
It won't be all Cowboys all the time though.
The station will air movie series, music videos, live music shows, and historical vignettes.
The network will start broadcasting in late summer or early fall from Nelson's ranch,
30 miles outside Austin, Texas.
And we have the first promo for the network here.
Holly Wally due to law all the day.
Terrific.
So I guess that's what you'll be doing on that network.
Now it is true, even with the satellite dish, there are those times.
I don't want to burst anybody's bubble because it's great having it.
I mean, it's a tremendous thing.
And everybody who can get one should get it.
But there still are those times when there's nothing to watch.
Is not incredible.
Even with like a couple hundred channels, there's still are those times when,
unless you're into, you know, reruns of Dennis Domenis and we've had to be for green acres.
We've had to be for green acres.
And the Andy Griffith Showboy WGN is just obsessed with the Andy Griffith Show.
There are promos every 20 seconds for Andy Griffith.
That's not like five times a day.
I think the station's something like that.
Yeah, well Ted Turner, you know, has got on at least three or four times.
Miami, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Happy Friday to you.
Yes, sir.
Can this be a celebrity day because I haven't really heard from the island queen in so long.
Oh, so in other words, you're picking the callers now.
No, no, no, no.
In fact, it's been kind of nice and peaceful since we haven't heard from the island queen.
I was just thinking that myself.
Well, no, I'm the guy that always calls in the lighting round and says,
Kill their money.
Yeah.
You know, that's from?
What?
That's from Friday the 13th.
Yeah, some sick movie I was just about to say.
Oh, well, anyway, a good happy Friday to you and leave the bird alone on the cubs today.
Okay?
What do you mean, leave them alone on the cubs?
Yes, I don't know.
She hasn't got anything to do with the cubs.
All I mentioned was they won eight to nothing.
They won five in a row and they're three games ahead.
That's all I said.
I get this impression.
He's smiling until you mention the cubs.
I didn't mention that they had 12 hits in eight walks and had 20 bass runners.
I could, I mean, if you push me, I'll go on to the pool.
Yeah, appreciate you bringing it up.
Yeah, I was ready to move right on to bigger and better things.
Go in yourself accordingly.
Like see you have a good Friday.
Okay.
Wow.
Look to think this fits.
Yeah, it's in your mind.
I'm sorry.
I can't wait.
If you paid me by the minute, I couldn't watch that show.
To me, that...
See, I'm from Lakeland.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
It's right up your alley.
Yeah, I bet just hot watches that too.
I bet you can't see people get into that.
Yes, I don't.
I can't relate to it.
And then the one with Avagabor in the pig, Zach Green, Agress, I can't.
Now that's even too much for me.
Yeah.
I just don't understand what this country's all about.
And how they're getting to this big thing.
You watch all the talk shows now.
This is going to be the big thing now about burning the flag.
That's a new thing.
Do you care?
I really couldn't care less.
Okay.
It's gotten no consequence to me.
All right.
If you want to go out and burn the flag until they pass some silly law.
This is another one of those things.
You notice how quick, yeah, 69% of the story.
You want to start with the story.
You want to start with the story.
You notice how quick the politicians jumped on this?
Oh.
Because this is another one of those mom and apple pie things.
Oh, man.
We got to protect the flag.
And right away, there was bush.
Bush doesn't care about all those kinds of things.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
And the police are not going to let us go.
Got my check here.
Got my check here.
Got my check here.
This is awful.
Oh
Boy so I guess that's about as good as the movie from the early reports
Hanksawed already very very mixed huh very nice very mixed reviews that jack
Nicholson was great, which I don't agree with you guys
I was so I was nauseated standing in the hallway listening to you guys go on about how great jack Nicholson is to me
He's great in kukuznes that's the only time in his life. He's ever been great the rest of the time
He's doing a parody of himself. I disagree
Do you absolutely I don't like it? You didn't like him. I loved him in his business. He was tremendous
I didn't like him a broadcast. I didn't see broadcast news everybody said it was so bad don't go see what who said that everybody
Who everybody in the world except you I guess boy is hostile now is there I never heard anyone say this?
broadcast news oh yeah, they all said it sucked what it's 23 past 10
1027 a wiod fancy of Jeff
Oh, fion say but I love your spelling this morning Roger while he's under a lot of pressure working with the real protest one
Who I didn't mean that the way it sounded that was terrible away. It's a mic. I didn't make mics out in town
Anyway, is he is I didn't mean it like no, I just meant that as opposed to having some ham yanco come in from off the street to feel any
I'd like a real honest to God. I'm not saying anything. Okay. Hello. Hello. Hi
Neil oh
Lonnie Jeff fiance from the pizza lot. Yeah, I just wanted to call and be on the air because I know he's listening
The a pre-list is your program all the time. Well, I'm sure he does and it's his birthday. Well happy birthday Jeff
And I just wanted to have to bring great. I think somebody's got my check in there. Don't you? I just
The buddy man. Yes, tell Jeff. We send our best. He's the terrific guy great food superhuman bit. Okay. Thank you
So I see those lunches paid off. Thanks a lot. Have a good one. Bye. Bye
See if you feed the accounting department man. They bring you your check personally bring it in handy to you with a smile on their face
He goes smiling around boy. Look at that. No pretty good. Okay 1028
We go home now you got your check and I got mine and
Like what you call it said the fortunes you got your trouble and I got mine now
There's a great record that I almost never hear once in a blue moon. Well blue moon by the Marcel's
See how the show all kind of ties in together Miami. Hello
I'm the right
The king of comics
So anyway, I think this theme song this is we should have the American flag we should have one no seriously one channel on TV where we have the American flag
Waving you know rippling in the breeze with this music in the background 24 hours a call it you're all American station
Okay, in all the veterans can watch that you know all the old far
I'm not talking about real veterans, but all the old parts who think that they fought never he went to war
You know, but the guys with the caps from the VFW and they can stand in salute all day
I mean this country is so juvenile there's so much in the symbols isn't it frightening?
isn't it?
Now the way you can go out and kill people or let kids run around with guns and blow each other's brains out
Nobody really gets too excited about that
But if somebody burns the stinkin flag and I mean the stinkin flag the flag is you know, it's okay
But it's a piece of cloth isn't it? Yeah, it's a symbol
Like these people are driving around with their plastic Jesus under dashboard or clutching their rosary beads or their little
Mozzissa on their doorway, you know geez. Why are we gonna grow up already? I don't want to start getting into like one of those serious shows
Do I but I'm getting pretty embarrassed a country where everybody is so juvenile. Why don't you people gonna grow up?
Like that thing that Steve was talking about yesterday with mr. Right Wing over there with his obsession about what everybody else is doing in bed
What the hell does he care? What is it his business?
Why is everybody so concerned with sticking their nose or whatever it is they're sticking and everybody else's business
Well, this is a very very immature country and just and just all you got to do is turn on TV and it's a reflection of the attitudes of this country
People like an infants look at that presidential campaign
Wow
Who's a question of which who is gonna outwimp the other one?
Who is gonna use more?
I don't want to get into what why am I talking like this now? What is this all about?
Yeah, me that flag thing gets me so damn pissed off, you know
Oh, well, the first amendment never was guaranteed not the first amendment just for whatever you like whatever is popular
Okay, that's gonna be the new thing kind of like you're not see Germany, you know, but I don't see why they need I can't understand a
Constitutional amendment. Oh, yeah, we got to protect that flag boy
It's already protected isn't it under the first amendment?
Isn't it already protected now?
No, you're not at the point. That's not your message the point
You got it backward. They don't want it to be protected to flag burning they want the flag is like a special thing
I you burn it. They're gonna burn you okay
So we need a 10 years to fry Bundy, but if you burn the flag will fry you in two minutes
Okay, they'll take you out vigilantes and will hang you from a tree
I mean, I'm not saying you should all go out and burn the flag
But it just what a thing for people to get all excited about okay?
It's so typical the kind of need jerk and I do mean jerk underlined in red kind of thing that people in this country get all excited about
God almighty
We don't even have off track betting in Florida for crying. That's what we ought to be excited about
Right no kidding and putting up those phony things on the lottery up there on those billboards where it says one winner
Guaranteed seven million or 15 million yeah, they found out last week. It was guaranteed one winner
How'd you like I heard JD Roberts say this morning. It's true. How'd you like to have the winning what you thought was the winning ticket for 15 million
Oh, and he find out there are five winners. I mean, I'm not saying that three million is bad, but over 20 years. It's not a big deal
Is it not like I mean, I guess if you got a subred hot dog stand and that's all you got it's a big deal, but generally speaking it's
Not a big simous I
Don't like that. He's right the Canadian that's why I play the Canadian lottery. I'm up to 163 dollars in winnings now
In a Canadian lottery I invested 700 and some some still along. No, but it is good that at least I'm getting something back okay
Hank Goldberg. Oh my god. He's everywhere today. I have a first. I want to remind you of make green show on Sunday
I thought I just saw you in the hall. Yeah, I got a bill called her spy report
Oh, and I don't want to hear this depressing story about that station went under. Oh, why I
But I found him. Oh, did you where is he I gave his number to Roger? Oh
Listen, I got to call him because there's a station that wants to talk to him desperate. They found him. Oh, they did great. Where is he?
He's in Tampa. Oh, you know, I just think he'd be a gravy placement for wash Rambo. Yeah
Yeah, let's get Bill called her, but I don't think that's gonna happen though. Okay. I gave Roger the number and he's there now
Yeah, oh, oh he's in Tampa now. Yeah, should I call him on the ear? Oh, yeah. Oh geez. Yeah, you know, he I don't as he's got like a gun to his head
Oh, he's great. He's fine. You should hear me. We're talking about Steven. I told him Steve's not funny. Oh
Geez, and he said you know, funny. Get you. I said what he says Tampa. Yeah
Wait a minute. What is he doing in Tampa?
He's on his way back from New Orleans. Oh, but he's not working in Tampa. Not working and he hasn't a buddy did get an apartment there
But he hasn't signed the lease yet. Well, why did you get an apartment there? You'll have to ask him. Okay. That's calling
I'm gonna call him that right after the break. Yeah, okay, okay
Okay, it's a good spy report whether it was excellent, especially for you
Now listen Joe's not on tonight is he? I'm on yeah, you're in over. It says with Joe and Hank Joe's on vacation right Joe's going on vacation
He might take tonight off. Yeah, he went to somewhere saying like North Carolina somewhere like that
I got the dog guys on tonight talk about the match race the dogs
Yeah, this came dog. Oh, I love this game. I love Ken Maulden and Bobby Silver the nice people
Bobby'll be over with Jimmy Black and Evan Andy and I figure we can't do any good of call to Neil
You're right. I wouldn't gonna bring it up and you know the best part of it when I valet park at this game
They never steal my money
I off those poor guy. No, I'm not gonna. Hey listen. It's easy for you to say when you plunge your brains out inside
You don't mind because you're doing it voluntarily that's cuz I take all my money inside. Oh, I'm gonna need it
Okay, yeah, you're right at call to okay. Thanks for the report. All right. See you later
Boy isn't that exciting. I'm gonna call that number any second. Okay. Let's are we gonna call them?
This is gonna be great. Okay, let me do the break. Oh good. We don't even have anything to do in here 1035 at
W I O D and we'll be right back
I'm Mike Anthony. Okay
1038 at W I D we have a tip on a horse on line seven
King of dance
He's laughing already here's something to get him laughing. Hi the salary. Okay
No calder what?
What put it put it down. We'll put it down. Okay. It's not that bad. He's got a gun to his forehead now
It's a matter of fact. It's funny that you would call me yes, cuz I'm in this shopping center
You know where I am. What do you mean you're in a shopping center? You're living in a shopping center?
I've made my car is into the law
The people in public said let us keep our car in the law great and Mary Ellen goes in the dumpster and gets dinner every night
That's right, but she puts the oh I hear she's right there. Yeah, she is. She loves you. Oh my god
Well, I can't went I want to tell you something a guy called this show about three weeks ago
And he said Bill callers station went out of business and I said and I thought it was a prank
I said you idiot get out of here and then who was it called a few days ago?
Some of somebody else called and they told me that it was true that something happened
They changed the format and I said didn't change their format. They ran out of money. They went out of business
Well, they didn't go out of business exactly
It's on the station so I got all the time you want for you. We got a lot of time. Well, I know you have a
Like show we did the tight. Yeah, I just want to get as much as I know that's the company that's tight not the show
Neil yes, yeah
Speak to me. I'm in you my hair is on
Wait a minute. I got Siddler Finn's phone every wants to talk to you
King of dance we have a listen. We have both cars in the lot at publics and
It's funny that you would call me
Because I have I'm sitting here with a gun. Yeah, and Mary Ellen's forehead
I have a gun and he's saying you go first and I have two bullets in it. Yes
And we decided that whoever goes first the other one is gonna just cop out. Yeah, well here's here's somebody can use a second bullet on I'm Mike
The voice from the past there
Just a joke Mike. It's just a joke the station the station just went under they did about
Nothing the one three four and they put a big billboard up on the expressway the night before they fired everybody
What did it say it said be sure and catch
Bill what were the call letters of the station W. O. F. F. No K. R. U. D. Yeah, crud
Uh-oh, I think Mary Ellen just went first the big crud
I knew boy you sound really excited
Yeah, she's still laughing boy. I'll tell you these guys. They did they're so used to it by now
They're numb nothing bothers them boy here. This man is a walking advertisement for why you should never get in this business
If you have a sandwich board saying I'm Bill callers stay out of the business
Well, well, I can't I don't I'm telling you you ought to write a book you may think I'm joking now
Did you get the message from Bob what's his name?
McCombo Bob McCay
What is he I'm not joking you didn't get the message? Oh, and you're laughing. Oh, I thought something good was gonna
That's why I'm happy. What I don't know. Yeah. Oh, well, the geez don't be so negative
I mean because people when they try to get a hold of you they always contact me
I say I don't know these people anymore. Yeah, I can't keep track of you
We had hired like three three people to try to track you down first of all yes
The irony of all of this is that I just got a job this morning where I'm working for a nuclear system
Really
Yeah, really yeah, I'm working for new to system and then of course
I've got a great deal selling burglar alarms at night
So they don't steal your food hello gladden. Hi Bill. You know, you know, they have the bill called the memorial studio here at WIOD
Yes, there's little pieces of me there. Yeah, yeah
Yeah, it's an interview is that picture of Sandy Peyton I still on the wall
Yeah, yeah, by the way, I'm one of your friends has a message here. They don't come any better than Hank Goldberg. Yeah
We got a cart for everything Bill. I even got your friend again here
This is the NBC radio network. I'm Mike Anthony
He's everywhere isn't he like a disease like Anthony? Yeah, remember remember how soon they forget
I so what what is this number? I mean is this like a pay phone somewhere? What is this number? Oh, we got this is a phone
Network Nutri system. No seriously. What is this number is this an apartment?
I listen, I got a woman here once at burrito. No, what do you mean it's your house?
Huh you gonna commute
Before we got the call
Oh, you haven't signed the lease have you?
Yeah
James I just moved in yesterday and now you're gonna get a job over here you guys are really I'm telling you if you don't write a book
How's your laptop?
She's still here. Oh, he wants to know is it okay to give Tom jiffy your number of course. Yes, he's please
Please if maybe they have a job there delivering paper exactly a we call her yo bill
Hey, this is Glenn. Yeah, she's kind of the Sylvester Stallone radio business. Yeah, yeah, is Neil still mad at me?
By the way the tellers at the track said that you were right and I was wrong whatever that means okay
Oh, I got to tell you a funny quick story. I got a call from the jockey's room at high a Leah in the air what afternoon?
Yeah, and they were all there most of them of course you couldn't understand yeah, but it was an exciting moment and you know
I'm so tired of writing on your co-tail
Even in New Orleans I got a call live from high a Leah great. How are you bill? I say fine. They said Neil's doing great
Yeah, I am doing great. I'm sure that makes you feel great
My mom is terrific okay
Tell me I still love her home cooking now listen. I'm gonna. Yeah, that's a little hint
I'm gonna well. I don't understand. So what are you gonna do about this?
You know, we're gonna just sit here and do what we've always done star and we're just gonna suffer and
Oh
I know who called me you know who was who called me with the definitive story Steve from Hollywood?
You know you're a psychotic friend Steve
He's a man who you know who Steve is the guy that instituted that famous phrase
Yeah, he was the original Dennyberg ripped it off you're right. That's right. Yeah, how about my postman did stand my postman call you?
Your postman now now
We're doing great bill. We still remember you well
Neil told us a wonderful story about a week ago about your fantasy about your fantasy in life about the bus picking up
I say yeah picking up the track every day with the $500 that's right
Great that I know I'd be the one driving the bus. That's correct. I'll tell you boy called her is just brutal
It's tough. It's great. Everybody like you want to see what they did on the fourth floor at called her
I heard about it. Oh, it's incredible when you get back here
You got to bring at least two three thousand because it's incredible and I'm so impressed a collection
I'm so impressed bill that they named it after you. You know, I just can't believe it
Did you get your pass Neil? Yes, sir?
And I got ripped off of Valley Parking for about eight bucks. Oh, it was great. Oh, God
It's so good to hear about Miami. Yeah, I'm going out saying great place boy. It's exciting in your memory Bill
Yeah, I'm gonna go out and plunge this afternoon. I know well. That's wonderful
I saw where Pizzool won the last ratio. Yeah, that's right. And my Gonzalez had two more winners and
It's just incredible. I love dance. I know
King of dances in the third race today. It's great. I'll be right with you, ma'am
Okay
This is such a thrill is it and
Nice to know you're not mad at me anymore. What the hell my mad at you about that? I was something about some new to system
Food
And you want to know something funny. I still have the damn food. Yeah, I'm carrying it all over
I'm still waiting for it. But Miami. I was listen. I want you to hear this one more time. I'm my company
Okay, just so you can be secure
All right, I got a lot of cubs calls coming in here just to get somebody upset here. So look out
All right, I'll call you this afternoon. You're gonna be there
Well, you know me. Yeah, you might be evicted. Well, I'll give it a try. Leave a forwarding number. I
I'll sleep by all we're doing. He's doing great
I'll talk to you later
Sorry 1047 at W.I. The bill call to who really got screwed over by this company really bad no matter what they say and
By lots of others also boy to hear that. That's a funny guy
He's a funny guy and I think that there are a lot of other people working who shouldn't even be allowed in the building
Anyway, don't forget make green will be filling in one day for um
Micronary next week
I don't know what it is about her there some people you just love you know throwing a little
Still serving on any not fine. She just wanted something while I guess it's all those self-serving promos of hers
That's what it is she didn't call JD Roberts this morning, did she? Oh?
No, I heard she did. Oh
Anyway, while you're digesting that I want to tell you about char-hut boy that'll you can digest char-hut easily
It's not like the audita you get in your public from meeting at those fast food assembly line places and a reason
Well first of all their stuff is assembly line. God only knows what's in it and it's frozen first of all
Maybe loaded with preserved and then they fry it okay at least some of the places they fry it and it gets real
dripping with grease and lard and oh
That as they say but a char-hut they grill everything for you okay? They broil it on the grill
Char-buro and that's why it is fan. I love that boy. That was they were on so many of those promos during the cubs games
God almighty Don not expect I think Don not so's gonna put on a cub uniform pretty soon because he's on there just constantly
Okay, are we taking calls? I'm I've lost track of what we're doing here's a collect call from Pittsburgh
Hey, Neil. It's Larry. How you doing pretty good Larry? How about that game last night? How about it? Not bad, huh?
Yeah, I was sitting in a sheet and shadow field
Yeah, but this town is great no blue hairs living and breathing people those pirate telecast
Yeah, didn't carry the game last night. So I had to watch the pirate telecast was so boring. I almost went to sleep
I could watch it on nighting with kdk a had it up here. What? Why didn't you pick that up the game?
Because kdk is not on the satellite
Oh, you mean are you in television? Yeah, it's not on the satellite
Kdk couldn't occur because they're never too telecast. They must carry some of the games
Or third inning was great and then they
Ninth and fire just choked in the ninth. Yeah, they brought in Robinson and he just gave up four runs there. Yeah, it was great
I saw it Vance lost singled in two I saw it
That was great. Well, I'm gonna get gone. It's one of you to call from Pittsburgh say hi
Great while I'm glad they did it for you Larry. Thanks. Okay. All right. Take a good time
Okay, see there was short and so I was a dangerous 1053. Let's just move forward not back
We have open lines in bokeh and Palm Beach only on those Palm Beach lines
Here's a fact. I'm up here in Orlando. You're right about cool
Listen to the six in a row. They played when I grew up by the beach boys
If you want to be happy by Jimmy soul hand jive by Johnny Otis. Mm-hmm
Oh baby by smoky and a miracle. I like that
Silhouettes by the rays. Please, please by James Brown
I'm out there to James Brown. I'm sorry. I am you're into James Brown. I love James. I grew up with James Brown. I saw him
Yeah, I'm like in the same neighborhood. No, but I've seen a show and I wonder what we ever did with those
Are they still in here?
James Brown James Brown is still in here
Yeah, I think of I can't find a damn thing in this rack. Boy, it's a good thing. I'm going on vacation
So you can put them all in order again
It's twice here. The Rogers coming in here to find them. That's no fun
Oh here it is alphabet. Oh no wonder if you can find it
That's what yeah
No wonder and then if you know like that there's always
Yeah, yeah, I love that thank you
1054 at WIOD here's another cubs call from Tamarack hello
not okay
I'm sorry to think what's the
Anyway
In 1937 me out to the fall
We have really gone from one end of the spectrum to the other real
I can't believe it. What from the height of Bill call me?
Something that's in crack to the jitter to
If I ever get back at these calls route route for the cub these go ahead
If they don't win it's a shame
I know you were for it's one seven for Pittsburgh these calls are a shame. I know you were a big fan with
Pittsburgh back in 19
Bill that fall there 57 though. I started a pirate's fan. 58 was my first year. Remember your Harvey head is
It's the perfect game and law now we've gone to okay. Well
And June 14 to June 6 total and 1957 the
1000 one
I can't believe it turn his mic off
Go ahead sir
From June 14 to June 16 1957 the club did something this week this week
They swept the series and that's right. They hadn't done it in 30 32 years in Forbes field at the last time right
That's right. Well, I'm looking at the Fort Water. The Sun and the good news is there six and all against the pirates this year
We got three at the beginning of next weekend Chicago against the pirates
Well, it's also the Chicago's longest road winning streak since 1979
Paper here. We're doing it all those met fans are strangely silent now
Oh, it's gonna be after the all star break. Oh, it's gonna be after August. Oh, it's gonna be after September
Well, do you want to hear the plot too of Mitch well the highlights of Mitch Webster's career? No, I didn't mix up
Anyway, I just wanted to get that in there
Mitch Webster is doing it by the way. He's sitting about three 15 since he came back off of the table
Always like Mitch Web's Mitch Webster. Oh, one more thing about Mitch Webster. I'm sure you want to hear he has 13 triples in 1986
We don't want to hear it now sir come on not even I'm getting terminal this okay
I know you're influenced. It's great. We're doing it
Can I answer something when Mark Grace comes back then everybody really be happy what is it possible when you're on vacation
That to open up your show when you're on vacation you can have that that song call
With the one the one about Mickey Manell talk baseball. Oh, I hate that record
Yeah, but you're not gonna be here. Well, I don't care. That's up to the bird if he wants to play with him sure
He won't you just tell me he's gonna play it one have a great day sir
Guys orchestrating the whole show. I appreciate your enthusiasm, but you're just obsessed
I don't like that record. You know the one he's talking about that corn ball
Willie in the um, make or whatever. Oh, that's uh Mike Spindell used to play that all the time. I hate that record. It's so
Ponderous Miramar
Miramar. Oh, hello. Yeah, okay. I got a question about
Cool
No, Orlando. Yeah, well, you don't say that uh, why do you that I think that quote for that better than the msj? That's correct
Yeah, but I really think they should give a little bit credit for the mxj down here. It's pretty good
It is pretty good and they got big ratings. They're doing very well, but they could be a lot better
They play a lot of I'll give you an example last night
I went to the store it was kind of it was after the game and I turned it on and they're playing up up in a way by the fifth dimension
No, seriously. I don't want it up up in a way should be on love 94 not on magic. Yeah, I know you agree
Yeah, what are you doing?
We're not talking about baseball. We're talking about music. That's over. Oh, I didn't know that I don't want to hear up up in a way
By the fifth dimension on magic. Okay, and then they played some other real syrupy
Bobby venting stuff that I mean they could be really great and they're good, but they're not great. Cool is better
Yeah, I'm sorry, no thing. I got real problem about my type
Capel tank. I don't get WGN anymore. I'm just not
Well neither does anybody else. What? Neither does anybody else unless you got a satellite dish
I mean there are a few people that get a bit out too many. Oh
They call your cable company and tell me I hate their guts
Yeah, it sucks is what it is another Ted Turner abortion
Well, listen when the supreme if the supreme court which I hope they don't but if they do ban abortion
Then a lot of Ted Turner stuff's going off the air
Okay, okay, so just hope for that to happen. All right. See you. I shouldn't have said that because I don't that's
horrendous, but again, you know we're burning flags and stuff this supreme court
I think they all ought to be fried and oil, don't you?
Boyled
We ought to get out the Bundy thing and play it next hour just for the hell of it because everybody's all up
And I was all the flag it's the flag all you mindless idiots with your stupid symbolism who can't even relate to reality
All you know is a bunch of stupid symbols
clinging to this Neanderthal dark age mentality
With all your primitive religions and superstitions
We'll look at that. It's past 59. We better not
Anyway, we got the gale bright with the 11 o'clock news gale of course is always bubbly and cheerful makes up a lot of stuff
But it's a good news cast and then we'll come back at 11 o' 5 Steve today
Baby selling part two for those I don't understand it that we got Hank on sports talk tonight is going to give you tips
I'm plunging at the dog track and Yankee baseball of Kansas City followed by
Followed by
Well, that's all I have to find
Our new stock radio six 10 W I O D. Well that gale is just bubbling today isn't she she's just effervescent every day
bubbling like ginger ale
Mm-hmm. You ever thought of it in those terms before never well anyway
We got our flag flying this morning out in front of the complex you and kill city
Oh
They're gonna run it up the flagpole
Uh-huh
Yeah, that's what happened they were gonna do pirate radio, but they changed your mic because they ran the idea up the flagpole
With Tim Williams and they both came tumbling down to the ground
Right on Rick Edwards head too
But you know what they say where there's no sense. There's no feeling
I
We had enough for today
You thought yeah, I can't believe that off his mic nick
I
If they know we're gonna say
four
out
Okay 1107 at W I D you're right. We've had too much of that by far
Uh anyway, let's go to this Batman spy report. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay?
This is Jason. I went to Jason. Yeah from that other movie, huh? Yeah, whatever
I went to one of the um sneak preview advanced showings of Batman last night and there was just this one line
I thought I ought to let you in on there's this one point where the joker is really ticked and he's just heard about the Batman everything
And nickel sin. I know you're not a big nickel sin now
But in his eloquent way he turns to one of his henchman next to him and says
Setting the whole tone for the movie says this town needs an enema really and the whole body and it's just erupted
And I don't know about anybody else there, but there was this one entire party in the road behind me
They must have old and kneelies because they all turn each other and sort of look at each other and say yeah, we can relate to that
And there was now what if he would have said I'm dying over here. I bet that would have done it
Maybe he did say that somewhere along the problem. We just didn't catch it. I don't like him. I'm sorry
I know I know it's definitely into like Jack Nicholson
But he was great in kukku's nest. He was tremendous
There was one of the great movies of all time, but other than that he makes me puke you never saw
I was the same. He's playing the same. No
Never saw witches of east work. Yeah, I saw a little bit of that. I couldn't watch it was horrible
What about you? What was that was sharing that? Mm-hmm. Yeah horrible. Try it down. I couldn't
He was I don't like him. I don't like him. Okay. I'm sorry. I don't like him
Well, I'm almost out of material. I just want to say to Jeff if he's out there listening
Lock it in okay. See you
There are a lot of people in this audience who ought to be locked in anyway
We have it opening in brown one in Palm Beach if you move very fast because I have a feeling today is gonna be just
Like greasing up the old duck's bill
It's eleven. Oh, not whatever that means. I don't know what that means, but it sure sounds pretty exciting
Never they do on the Andy Griffiths show
It's like watching that he tech does that's what the promo says over and over they got Don knots and he's snooping around and
Making a general ass Don knots
See again. This is another one of those things where and that show is from when 20 years ago 60s early
Years ago 20 some years ago, but Don knots was that was not his claim to fame Don knots was great on a Steve Allen show
And Tom Poston
Was great on the Steve Allen show. I thought it was they were luck to nastron up. It did it for Don. Yeah
That's that's the one that's the one that I put them over the top with Sylvester Stallone
Nine minutes past whatever outward is I get confused in the hours. I'm just gonna start saying it's nine past the hour
Miami hello. Hello. Did I two two lines here one second there. Yeah
Uh, my own yes, sir. Oh, Neil. Hi, great. Are you going to invocation next week? Right? So I'm going up to Rochester
Great. Yeah, I listen have about 30 white hats for me. Okay. Uh, yeah
Something I was gonna bring up. I got a friend down here on South Fixie highway. It's got a piece of place
And I've been talking to him and I told him that you're showed me the perfect one to advertise on if he could start training
Fine, you think it go over
I got news for a boy if anybody down here
I've been trying for about a year to convey the message to char-hut that they should carry him because they make stuff
You know on the the tarbrill stuff on the grill
Just like they do it down in bobs and it would be perfect because they're like half the city of Rochester lives down here now
But then nobody seems to be interested in doing it all I'd have to do is have him ship frozen from up there
It costs him on a plane 500 pounds or whatever. Yeah. Oh
Absolutely
Interesting. I said your show is
Is one and only for advertising it on no question about it
He says bring me down some of the product. I'll try it out and see what I think okay
Well, if he does it let me know yeah, I always thought when you were talking about down and bobs up there
You're talking about the one in sea breeze no, I've never been to that one
I'm well maybe when I was a kid, but I mean
Now well, in fact, that's the one to go to now because the one I'm under a avenue has been sold
Of the guy who owns all those Wendy's these change it all around and
Last time I was there last summer it was pretty uh it wasn't bad, but it wasn't like it used to be started messing
You know when you mess with success like they do in this business when you mess with success your bound to slip
Yeah, they get it right and they get bored and then they got a record try to save a couple of them
But he bought it out from the original guy and he figured he'd do it better than they did. There's nobody could do it better than they did
Now this uh there's a phone in this guy's shop. I saw something about the pizza place that
Came from Rochester a few years ago and he said that the down and bobs of sea breeze
They used to be a road along there. What was that make sure of all of our I don't know
I that's not my part of town at all
No, and he said they tore all that up now that now I've run to quite bay. Let's big boats and you've got to take the sky way here
What was it called that bridge that they built one oh four the skyway?
Well, I don't know. I don't know that part of the city at all. That's uh Greek to me as they say in Greece
Now root one oh four into Webster. Okay. No. Is that name you if you're Mitch Webster?
Uh Beach me. Yeah
Okay, well listen have a great time. You're gonna call from up there, right?
Uh sure yeah, I can wow you won't be it you won't be there
Well, is that so what's wrong with that is this guy chop liver over here?
Or the boy will be there he'll be here he may not accept the call but he'll be here
He doesn't like Rochester. Tell him you're calling from Lakeland
Okay, have a good time. All right. Bye. 12 minutes after 11 at WIOD and
What a reminder to get about the great yo Frank right trail to let no transaction required
You have to hold on exactly. Yeah, well, we're trying to find something here. We don't have any q sheets
That's not it. You know, this is fun and then go through all these different
Trying to find a one stinkin cut. Well, I see I think it's worth it. I love this. Oh, yeah, it's a great cut, but it's um
Ponderous to find the ponderous is definitely the word okay. In fact if you look up ponderous in the dictionary
You'll find a picture of what we're doing right now
That's not it. Oh, jays. This is embarrassing isn't it? But it's so typical of WIOD and so just
Text book of everything that we do here
Not slow not fast just kind of half fast
Hey guess what it might be it could be it is
Well, how you doing boys and girls this is uncle jack Nicholson for the rock and roll report
I'm so damn pissed off at everything these days. Can I say pissed? I'm rock and roll radio
You better believe I can because I'm one busy dude right now. I don't have time to do it over again
Anyway, I'd like you to hear my story the three bears the mama bear the daddy bear and the baby bear who really pissed me off
Well forget about it. That's all I got to say
Yeah 27 after 11. Oh, I had another great thing too and then I went through then
I'm gonna start when I come back from vacation. I'm gonna put a little uh things
Things
Like a little thing on the outside of each show plastic case with some of the highlights in each one
So I know what the hell is in there. I know that sounds probably pretty
revolutionary
So I thought this would fit right in with all the hysteria about the flag and the plastic Jesus and Mazezza on the door
All these silly symbols and America's in teams
You can do a real good
Boy he is on it today, isn't he and if he ever gets off it he's gonna be dangerous
Okay, it's 11.28 at wio.d. Here's a mobile and brown. Hello. Hey, Neil how you doing? Great
Good listen. This is first time I've called but I've been listening to you for about three months
So when did you leave New York sir? I'm not from New York Philadelphia. Well same difference
But I gotta tell you some question was stand major everywhere on wca you in Philadelphia? No
He was on wwdb for years 96.5 on the FM dial. Oh is that where they are? Yeah, well, I'll be damned
How do you like that? Hey listen? I gotta thank you and I gotta thank the bird
I never went to the track of my life
But every time I hear you guys discussing this stuff. I said you know what? I got it go
So I want to go
Well, oh, I see a lot of people. I have that effect from the show
Anyhow, I just want you guys to know that I want to call her. Yeah, and I don't know anything about the jockeys like you guys
A little more. I just picked numbers. There you go. That's a way to do it. I I went six for six great
Six for six you believe this guy
Well, they said it was beginners luck
It was I went to the window after the third time I had these guys. It must sit there and watch
People started coming over to me and asked me who I liked
So I made a deal with the guy. I said if I give you the winning number you give me 10 percent
So I had three guys that I gave three races to and they gave me about 120
Yeah, that's great of course. It's also illegal and we're tracing the colleges. That's okay
That's okay. I'm gonna mobile let them find all right. No problem
But listen, I just really want you guys to know you are the greatest. I know a lot of people tell you
I feel like I know you in the air
I can't wait to get in and listen to you guys and just keep up the good work
Thank you, and don't cash too many or they'll take you away. Oh, okay
See you. Bye-bye. Well, that's terrific. That's almost as exciting as the pepsi guy mani coming in and bringing us the diet bark soda
V-A-R-Q
Yeah, no caffeine either point is just great. I'm not even drinking it yet because it's not cold yet
But it's I can taste it already hmm the best diet soda ever made ever ever
If you don't like root beer of course then you got a problem. I like root beer
Good. I'm happy for you. It's 11 30 at W.I.O.D. West Palm Beach. Hello. Hello. Yeah, okay
Finally
Yeah
Talk up our lunch
He's bringing you lunch. Well, he's bringing me a while. He's talking up lunch. I guess we buy time on there. Oh
Oh, he's really coming by. I thought this was a joke. Yeah, no
He's really coming by. Well, actually what they're gonna do. They're gonna cook lunch on his head
He's taking a camp off. Well, he's got like a grill like a griddle underneath that camp Ricky's grill brains used to be
Yeah, Rick's Ricky's grill. Ricky's grill. Yeah
I can see what underneath the hat
Yeah, let us know about that. We are also
Something I hear a rumor. It's like the Grand Canyon. You know like a big empty space
Yeah empty space right
There were nervous here. That's why I'm doing my materials running out there. Wait a minute. What is that?
Where do that guys that for us?
You all from pantry pride. Well, thank you so much from Lariat pantry pride brought us some grapes and some plums and peaches
Well, that's nice. That's exactly what I need
Instead of all this delicious fattening food some delicious fruit. How do you like that sir? Did you hear Bill callers call?
Got you ask about he's talking to you lander. This is uh, uh, wouldn't that amazing wait a minute
Larry's the guy who keeps calling on the thing is that the one? Oh, he always like Larry
We'll just take the phone off the hook. Well, listen have a great day pal. I got a very important celebrity call coming up
Oh, I was wondering if I've never seen a picture of the bird and I mean munch it together. Right
We're gonna be giving those away tomorrow to it. Thank you
I toyed a hollywood okay an important call here on the bat line from a real connoisseur of the
Equine breed how are you Neil great Phil it's Phil salt the ladies and gentlemen the voice of caller
Listen, I was starting to panic because you hadn't mentioned caller in the picking horses
And I was so glad to hear you made a couple of excellent selections today by the way did we really yes?
I really I personally like both your picks today even mine. I gotta be honest with you. I'm getting I don't
Something's I'm not trying to look for a scapegoat here
But something's happened to the great at entries in both newspapers
And when you're just picking names you like to have somebody's got a shot, you know
Well, you certainly have two horses that have a big shot today great as a matter of fact
I wanted to ask uh bird why are you are you coming to the track for any particular reasons?
I know he wants to lose his money
What is that is why is he coming his brothers going and he wants to go with him and help him lose his money?
Oh fantastic listen
Why don't you guys come up to the press?
Okay, and we'll give you a quick tour of what the hell goes on and how nobody knows anything there
They're not gonna come up there, but they'll it sounds good now. It might happen Phil
Well, I'll tell you this if you come up early
You know like as soon as you get to the track
See if I can't uh let you know at least what anybody else knows up there
Maybe we can help you win a couple of bucks. Okay. Yeah. I'll be out of about three o'clock
That'll be great come on up and whatever's left on the card. We'll let you know what we know
Which isn't really much
By the way Hank said things have been going so bad for him up there
He's taking an extra set of clothes on next time it goes up. Okay. Yeah. Well, you know
Usually when call the first starts the first few weeks, you know
Coming from other tracks. Yeah, so on and so forth
You need to give him a little time to kind of settle in before the form
To the rise, you know, and uh
No one's really having a great meeting yet
But the call is a great place once they start settling in and everyone's got formed to count on yeah
You know anyway, I'll be looking forward to seeing both of you
I'll also be looking forward to having you pick a horse for the first. I want to ask you a question
Since you know everything. Yeah, right
Pazua I see was in the last race again. I won easy yesterday Rex on edge for eight sixty and he seems to be a lot of days in the last race
And no other mounts. Why is he here? You know that's funny that you should mention that Pazua wasn't even supposed to ride that horse
The regular rider whoever it was would uh took off yeah at the last minute
I think it was gaffo young, but I'm not sure really and Pazua filled in form and and just got lucky and
Sounded a live mountain. He rode the horse perfectly. Oh, yeah, he's a hell of a guy. I have a variety. Why did he hear though?
He was doing okay in New York well
Actually, he wasn't doing as well as he thought he would be doing in New York
And that's the reason that he came back. You know, it's better to be a big fish and a pond
Yeah, a little fish and a big pond. Yeah, and that's probably the reason why he came back
Well, but he can get those right or a little benefit from it. You bet. He's he's terrific. Yeah. Okay. Well listen
But one other thing before I go
You know the 976 race number you know now is national meal
I don't know if you know this but you can get if you will let's say like the horse in any part of the country
You can dial that 976 race and hear any result in the United States great
You know, so that's a tremendous thing. I know for you occasionally
You'll hear something out of town or something and you might want to just find out what's going on
Or of course in my case I might actually see it on a satellite. Well, that's true too if it's uh
Well, look I we also cover Yakomo meadows in Washington
So if you can get that on satellite man. Let me know that's about the only one I can't I get yeah
You'd be amazed I get to fill it off your park and suffoc downs and I would have had to talk
Oh and bell on of course
There's probably five or six shows that you can watch about I would say seven or eight we get west coast from the prime ticket out of California
Bell on stuff that go on that's real late. It's like three in the morning or something
Needless to say I don't watch you, but it's there if you're in in shania
Okay, thanks a lot Phil
Go ahead and come on up and say hello today if you get a chance. Okay, Phil. Okay. See you later. Hey if I don't see you. Okay. All right guys. Bye
Chen just obsessed today
One looks like an alarm clock. Okay. We have an open line in Palm Beach 655 W I O D. It's 1136 at W I O D. We're gonna come right back
Oh
This is for our friend Cooper said
Just a little bit we don't want to overdo it, but just to make her happy right cuz she's so nice 21 till noon at W I O D
Want to thank Larry for the fruit?
Boy, there's nothing like a little fruit
Hmm
We got a flood of phone calls so we're gonna go to calls because some air conscious with us in the first hour only
Four-quarter day. I'll fly that hello. I'll be at point. You're the real one. Okay. This is belay King show with
7.03685
Wow
Wow
I told you somebody told me that someone called about 120 this morning
New York or something he goes hello, New York and they said Larry can you cash me a check? Yeah
He's good. Lot of good call lately. Yeah
But you know what they say Larry what goes around
Isn't that what they say up at mutual what goes around comes around they don't come any better than Hank Goldberg. Okay
Open line is in Palm Beach 655 W I O D Coral Springs. Hello. Oh
Bird rumor has it that you got a contract offer to join the broadcast team of John Sterling and Joe Cagkey to broadcast
I got news for he knows nothing about baseball. I could do better than John Sterling well
I mean, I think that'd be a great compliment because I don't think either one of the other ones
Well, I shouldn't say Joe. Are you ripping into Joe who's on vacation now? No, Joe knows that baseball
I just think it'd be a great combination. I mean it would just uh
Joe knows his sports. Okay, he may be boring as hell, but he's a hell of a guy
I think it would be it'd be a pretty good compliment anyway. Uh one one thing uh if I may
Yeah, here eating the wings that you recommend it and they're just tremendous
wings plus
Uh, I won't eat any on the radio because that would be a bad ball
Are you gonna be okay? Sure you sound like you just done a virtual losing it any second now
You're gonna be all right. Yeah, yeah
It was one other thing I wanted to say and I can't remember it. You know, I would like to do color
I think that'd be really good again. I'd enjoy that
Well, listen have a great weekend. Oh the other thing. I'll call us back Monday. I don't know one more thing
You're going on vacation. You'll be back in one or two weeks two weeks. Okay
I'm not going on vacation now after next week. Oh, well the next week. You'll be there next week. Yeah
Uh, although it sounds good to me. I'm gonna give you a
I'm gonna get a video tape that I'm sure you're gonna be interested to see
Uh, Steve Cain appears in it and it's not it's not a hoax. It's the truth
And I'm gonna get it over to you. I think you're gonna enjoy it. What do you mean he appears in it?
Well, it was a pilot for a series two years ago. Hmm huh
Steve is playing a pilot. No, no, no, it's a pilot for a series. Yeah, I got him. Okay. Okay. So you're gonna be you'll be there next next week. I'll be here
Okay trust me
There'll be there two day ones in next week. Okay. I'll um
put a note on my calendar
Okay, see ya. Yeah, we have a VCR in here now, you know
Yeah, we can watch it in here too. I don't think so. Mm-hmm. Okay. We have an open line in the Palm Beach only Palm Beach only
It says it steves Fox show audition and the show sucked according to Nick
It's not my comment because I haven't seen it but Nick said it sucked
horrendous and embarrassing
Putrid obnoxious
rotten
Let's go to Coral Springs. Hello
Is this a heavy breather mouth breather or a no breather?
Hello
Yeah, this is Pompano sir. Oh, excuse me. Okay. Well, it said
Was in my mistake because he's got two OIC there were two Coral Springs while I was an old caller who died
How you doing anyway now? We're doing anyway. Okay, Pompano great
This is a hands-region there. I'm from Rochester. I've been down here about 18 years and you know
I've been listening to you for a long long time and I've never called because it's been so busy
You're the phone's been busy for all those years. Yeah. Yeah, although she hears but anyways
The queen is going to Rochester next week
What my right she's going to Rochester next queen I call it a queen. Oh
Well, I'll show have a lot of company. I think anyways a lot of queens and Rochester's to listen to this
I understand that they got rid of the can of worms up there
They did yeah, yeah somebody aided no, I heard they read it all yeah, they read did the expressways
Kidney
They didn't get rid of it. They just read did it they read it and then they read it all
It's a little it's a little tiny city. There's no problem driving around there anybody complains about driving in Rochester after driving here
It's got to be nuts. Okay any they could have a 10-year-old kid could drive up there
Anyway, I just want to say hello and I think we live in the same complex. You still live at Lakeview courts? No
No, I'm in Jack Oran, and now I moved up in the world. Oh you did oh, yeah, I'm with all those wealthy people
Yeah, yeah, wonderful. I'm not one of them, but I'm with him. Okay, you too. Have a nice trip. Okay. Thanks
I'm 44 now what he was a nice guy. He didn't know what he's talking about. He's a nice guy
Do I remember the Wilton North report? That's the show Steve didn't know I don't know it doesn't ring me
You did I heard the name. Yeah, it was a short-lived
Fox
Disaster
No, no, no, no we're eating his fruit. I had a peach aplombin about three grapes
So don't go getting hysterical out that's his fruit. Although if I keep eating the fruit. It's only a quarter to twelve
I may have a little
Interruption in the show that's all right the grapes are good. Yeah, and of course if you eat enough of those grapes
You're gonna be making a mad dash
To check the name
1145 at W.I.O.D. Here's a call from our favorite city Cooper city nail watch out you better not eat too much of that fruit
Yeah, yeah, anyway, I've got a spy report for any of this jack
Here's a nice goal sin in those damn pigs piss me off
As the cart goes right? Yeah
Anyway, anyhow, I'm making a cubic service report
For anybody who traveled me over for giving him the oh crap look, but he used the s word
And I tried to find out what that wasn't he couldn't define it for me
So he said I was going between 20 and 25 and at 30s
So how fast do you supposed to go?
30
Yeah, that's what he told right on the button. I said, you know, this guy 29 you've had it
There's got to be a happy medium between 0 and 30. I thought
Well, there used to be a happy medium, but she's in jail now. She is. Yeah
Somebody was walking on her lawn with yeah, and she sprayed them. Yeah, I love this guy boys. Anyway
So then he wanted to know if we had any drugs or guns in the car. I said no, but you're welcome to search it
But he decided
Well, of course I am. He says you can bet I will so he searched the car
He helped open the door and I've got like a dent in front of my door and the door hits the fender
So then he asked are you planning on getting a car soon?
Can you believe that?
Well, maybe he sells them on the side. Yeah, that's right. Maybe he moonlights drugs or cars both
Okay, you have a great plan now. Okay, you know those pigs really pissed me off. Okay, good luck to junior
Jack Jr
Well, how you doing boys and girls this is uncle Jack Nicholson for the rock and roll report
I'm so pissed off at everything these days. Can I say pissed on rock and roll radio?
You better believe I can because I'm one busy dude right now and I'll have time to do it over again
Anyway, I'd like you to hear my story the three bears the mama bear the daddy bear and the baby bear who really
Pist me up. Well forget about it. That's all I got to say
You see a term for the German no, oh he was I don't like Jack Nicholson
I mean, this is some kind of a law that I have to like him. I like you seen any I can't look if there are people that you
Don't like do you watch movies with them like sliced alone he makes me puke, okay?
So if he's in a movie, am I gonna watch it? No
Oh
In both he was great in kukus nest he was tremendous and also in terms of German he had one
OV he's like doing up here. He's off. He's like he's psychotic, okay? I disagree
Have you ever you well? Yeah, you probably see him at the Lakers games perfect and broadcast news at the anchor
He's just on the sidelines at the Lakers games and he's just a psychotic bear. He is in these movies. He doesn't have to act
That's him
It's 1148 okay. I'm glad you like him everybody likes him
I'm in a minority again. I'm out on the limb, but I'm used to that okay. I don't care. I don't like him
I don't like him. No, I don't think you're giving him I don't dislike him personally in other words like if I see him on the show
I don't like any of the movie like the shining was idiotic
Horrendous it was one of the worst movies of all time. He's always doing this affected
And he's always got that same psychotic look and his the cheeks are you know look like they're about to explode
He's just a silly guy. I don't like him
Okay, do I have to like Jack Nicholson? No, you don't have to first. We got to have a big timmace about the flag
Now we're gonna have a big thing about Jack Nicholson because he's playing the Joker in Batman, right?
And I got news for you Caesar Romero was better as the Joker and I haven't even seen a movie yet
Caesar Romero was the definitive Batman of the Joker
Okay, he was just like just like all these Sherlock Holmes movies they try to make okay
Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce were Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson all these other people it that doesn't make it okay
It doesn't cut it all right
You know what I'm saying okay, it's like
Bellalagosi was Dracula when you see all these other Franklin Jellon all these people try to be Dracula
Goes over like a pregnant pole vault or in the middle of August in Rome okay, but I'm not talking about that man
I haven't seen that man. I'm talking about Jack Nicholson and his Oscar level. Give me a pain where I sit
How many Oscar's always the same?
Always the same I don't agree. He's a one note Charlie. I don't agree. He sucks
It's everybody can't stand Jack Nicholson at sick and tired of that routine. He is calling him media look at that every line is lit on the board
I hadn't even finished the sentence
It's ten
If you like him go see it ten times. I don't it's not gonna have any influence on my life one way or the other okay
In addition to which nobody can play Robin like Bert Ward
All-rising movies for the rest we burned out Jack Nicholson, so we're gonna argue about that
You can have some pseudo intellectual
Like Bill Cospert here, but of course he can't come on the show
No say for me so I feel that's right. Okay, we have look at the board all of a sudden boy. What the hell did we do?
Well, it must have been that Jack Nicholson
Okay, we lost three calls. There's almost unprecedented, isn't it?
Yeah, when I hang up on all of them, which I'm about ready to do
Open line and brownered five two four W. I.O.D. and of course Palm Beach, which we don't uh hey we don't really care
I hate to
Burst your bubble, but we uh, you know if you call fine and if not life goes on
That's so that's the impact Palm Beach has in my life the Bokeh Puker
It says
Is he gone?
Well, he's got a lot of nerve okay, we put him right at the head of the list and he hangs up. What a mung-head
She's that makes me want a pew makes me want to lock him out
Miami hello
Yeah
He must have caught it from the other guy that was unho
Yes, uh, listen I called up your buddy gone to her Zeta and they're not playing D.O.D
Not in third time now see that woman she got in a car in her husband see this is one of the things
People don't even know what they're listening to half the time okay, especially on music stations
They don't know what station they got on they hear a record. Oh, yeah, I heard it on Zeta
But if she did hear it then it must have been on she they in somebody said the other day she's not playing either
I don't know I'll take that out too, but she's aided on playing new music. No, it's all oldies
Well, I take it back when I said yesterday they suck worse than ever okay, and their numbers are embarrassing and that Pete Bulger ought to be
He ought to be selling shoes at JC pennies or something you better. Okay, I hit do good
Listen, you know that you've been talking about that bar true beer
Bargs bark
Yeah, it's great stuff. I found it about a month ago and like uh best diet
Yeah, the best diet so I mean the regular I bought by accident the other day and like I said it's okay
But the diet is just orgasmic. It's just even better than the regular. Oh, yeah
But the thing of tepid they stopped selling a higher sugar now
Mm-hmm. They say stopped selling that didn't they used to make hires in Rochester
I think I don't know whether they stopped selling now they replaced with barks
I would hate you know
I'd hate to be subsidizing a product that is competing with something they make it rocket
But uh, you know because I buy a lot of code act film. I'll say that I want all those people from Rochester know that I'm
You know, I don't buy any hiki-freeman suits, but I do buy a lot of code act film
It's Neil if he gets the casinos on sometime next week wow
Then you can tell me goodbye
Yeah, I can play that just before I leave for vacation. That'll be good great. Okay. Oh one more thing
I thought Tweety driving your Corvette over the Gerber here the day. Yeah
Yeah with the Phoebe Kate's on the truck have a great day
I heard about that through the grapevine. Yeah, oh speaking of Gerber's did I tell you I mentioned that to you that idiot called again on my answering machine
Amazing, so it obviously is somebody who knows someone at W um
Uh Carol city. Oh, because he had my number over in Lakeview courts
And I was got my new number and it's very you might got it. How can that happen? No, couldn't have highly unlikely
So it's somebody from connected with over there, but by the way reminds me if I get any more calls from that particular person
I have incredible stories which I am willing to tell on the air
About a certain somebody
Someone who used to I told the stories about the board off remember those days and he wasn't putting my call steering
Sure
I don't want to mention his name on the air too, but just just to give the audience a little hint. I've got some incredible
Kick-and-ass with 50,000 watts of power all over South Florida from the keys to the Palm beaches even out to the Bahamas
This is W.I.N. Yeah, because I think this Gerber's Todd. There's a high in I yeah, I think so
Anyway, it's 1157 somebody just expired dead and dead while we put that card on they just hit that like our rock
New Orleans
It marks beers from New Orleans
We're talking about bark's root root beer. That's right. That's what you're talking about
He's from New Orleans. I'm New Orleans. Well wait a minute
Let me look on the can I bet he's right
I don't think so I think this is like from Massachusetts
You're originated here. Did it? I wait a minute look at this. Baloxie mississippi. I'm serious. That's what it says
Baloxie mississippi. Yeah, this was bottled. It was canned in Baloxie. Huh?
I know some people in the business got canned in Baloxie. I think Bill Calder
Yeah, a lot of goi in there
Mm-hmm. The person just said said don't even try it. It's the worst thing in the world
That's real interesting stuff, isn't it? It is
Yeah, that's a good sign. They're going into rest time. They say don't eat the food here. It'll make you sick
Anyway, if they say how's by you don't think they're friendly. Okay. What was the name of that movie Southern comfort? Yeah
Yeah, just keep that in mind. Okay. I don't want to get you nervous
I go out and buy some rosary beads right away and start fondling them. Okay, and that's all you should be fondling
Okay
But but there is a near I got to try this in 20 seconds. I'm moving. I'm moving out of my hand. Really?
Great. Okay. We'll make like a regular feature out of it. Okay. Okay. Have a great life. See you
Okay, we got the April War them. I guess standing by right? I see I forget with the new MW the audience remembers
Boy, a lot of those guys are standing up to salute the flag right to be ice cold. I know
Be great. Yeah, and I opened one just now that was warm couldn't wait
Well, my diet Pepsi's like at the very isn't that interesting too. Thank God. I was drinking diet
Because it could have been a diet coke from out of machine. I hate to say it. I won't say it
Because that'll be another argument
About whether you like Pepsi or Coke better
Is
You really think I'm gonna argue about that. Hey listen, it wouldn't be the first time and then Mike Miller will call in. We'll have to take a poll
Follow six and W. I. O. D. and boy, this is zip and along pretty damn good here today
Baby selling part two on the cane show
Hank plunge your brains out Goldberg on sports talk Yankee based ball at eight with Kansas City
Kanger shitty and
Larry King afterward at 11 o'clock
We did some of those really unpredictable calls adding a little spice to that show. It's about time. Cash me a check
How the book of puke is back we hope yes, I'm here. You shine this that was and maybe I was one of those
imitators that are all
Let's eat to get a light one of those a puke or imitators string up all over time. You're good
Uh
Wednesday this little girl named me call you
Yep, that was my daughter really yeah figures
Uh, maybe we'll be seeing tomorrow at Hollywood
Mm-hmm great. I'm trying to talk to you. Sounds more like a threat than a promise if you ask me
Well, I won't eat any of your food so nothing will happen. You know, okay? Okay? Okay?
See you later. Bye
Why did I put him on hold? I don't know what I'm doing. I'm just lost
1207 at w. I did we got our pichachs early today. So I've been kind of anxious to get out of
Talked to Bill Calder. We talked to Phil Saltsman. What a day
Incredible today Hank Goldberg
Jack Nicholson Jr. Jack Jr
It's been good really phony a bokeh puke or before what we've had at all today. It's only a little afternoon
Okay, we do have some open lines on that board one and brown one and bokeh one and Palm Beach kind of like the nice symmetrical thing right there on
On the board
Least anthem in the seventh race. That's my pick Oriental game in the eighth with Gonzalez. That's um yours. They'll set excellent picks
Yeah, both okay. Well, it's about time that we picked something had a chance. I didn't even look at the uh
At the little scoreboard look at that Oriental game is slater is best bet of the day almost everybody picks it
I didn't look at that either. Lee Tatham um
Castle Cannon is just about everybody's pick Lee Tatham has picked second third third third heard in the consensus. That's okay
That's a good box. I don't want that chalk Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yeah. This is Johnny started us. Oh my god
I think we got a bad connection
Neil I think we got a bad connection John Neil. I just want to tell you I'm gonna see it Hollywood tomorrow
Oh boy, and I'm bringing Joe kid and Bob and Tim
All right, and I got gifts for both of you guys
Do it. Yeah, bird. How are you doing?
Jackhead's gonna be there. Yep
Juggie you've got to believe it incredible. Yeah, that is shocking isn't it?
All right, well, I'll give anything if I could find that card that I'm looking for. Hold on. Hold on Johnny. Okay
Um boy now this uh
We gotta do a set up here in a second. Okay. You know that all this show is tough. I give anything
So if you're kicking sandwiches nothing but the best virgin white chicken breast man that they cook on the grill for you while you watch
The best so get away, you know if you want to be one of the uh one of the rodents out there
You know one of the ants that are following each other around you can continue going to those fast food junk food places
And eating the slop that they put out you know in all little sacks
But the bottom line is if you want a great lunch or an error snack and
inexpensive quick then char hot is the intelligent choice okay and coming the first did you lie?
Believe it or not whether you like it or not the official neo-rodger's char hut
Refillable squeeze bottle for you to squeeze fondle and have a great time with okay
Sunrise Tamarack Davy Hollywood Miami Oakland Park and of course you'll find the newest char hut in Margate
I am speechless
22-1 well, I was incredible wasn't
So okay, we have an open line in Palm Beach
Look at that. I'm even burning the copy book with my French cigar
By the way if Joe with the cigars yet these are these are okay
I'm not too you ever saw the cigars that made your smokes they are
Just barn burn their cigarettes, you know and wouldn't you think by now he would learn
Mobile yeah
Ha ha ha but he just keeps popping away man like I can't smoke one of them
I must go through a half a dozen a day. I bet here's a Tony and Broward hello
Hey, Neil this is Tony I'm up here in Lynchburg. You know in where?
Lynchburg Virginia. Well like I said in Broward didn't Virginia. Yeah
Hey, I'm psychologian last week. I'm sorry. I didn't know it wasn't supposed to mention those call letters
What's that last but I'm not gonna mention them because you dumped me left what call letters
Oh, you next door neighbors call it
Oh no worse uh WGTR 97.3 that's over now see that's over because we made
Well now we didn't make up we made a deal
Spikewise said that he would take the blame for everything that goes wrong if we continued mentioning the call letters
And I thought that was a pretty good deal. Oh look quite frankly. He's usually to blame anyways
So it's not much of a deal. Are they gonna play the Dion record? No
No, just stubborn that's why stubborn as a mule he knows better from everybody and in the meantime their numbers are okay
Did you hear the Brian Wilson album?
Have we heard it? Yeah, which one? The Brian Wilson you know the beach boys
I got it. Have we heard it?
We played we were the only ones planted on Zeta back last fall really well I'm out of it
I'm up here in Lynchburg you know well
That's no excuse you're supposed to know about these things. Don't you have a good pipeline?
Hey, I'm the only one in town that even knows about you guys. Oh come on my good friend Jerry fall well knows
All about this show he loves it. He's a big fan
Yeah, I'm sure he probably listens every time you know I call me just there they said Jesus loves you
Jesus loves you. Hey, you know, we've finally got a talk station up here. They finally decided to do one really
F.I.R. and and Rono I thought for sure the call letters up there would be WGOD
And they've been they talk about Larry King and Hank Goldberg all the time. Who is Hank Goldberg?
They don't come any better than Hank Goldberg
Now here listen, I taped my call with fall well listen to this. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. How do you like that?
God loves you. Yeah. Well listen take care man. I don't want to respond though
Thank you. Wait a minute. You're paying for this. Yeah. Now don't do that. I told you call us collect now Tony
Call you collect please anytime
All right. Hey, this company's got more money than God. Okay. All right. Well, okay. Then I'll do that. Take care of yourself. Bye
I can't believe he was paying for the call operator if you're listening reverse the charges
One operator
But it sounds good though, doesn't it? What a great con job. We want to pay for that call. Okay
We'll do anything so Tony doesn't have to pay for that call. Okay. Uh look at that everything's going just great
Palm Beach is still open now. Oh you're people up there you make me sick
There are a lot of wonderful people listening in Palm Beach County, but they just have nothing to say
I mean most of our listeners you hear these calls we don't do any kind of like scientific
Solving the problems of the world show. We're not as important as Mike Siegel and Bob Granted Jerry Williams and all those other
bags of wind we're not like that we just sit here and help you have a good time and kill a few hours and make you forget where you live and
You know pretend that we're all happy. Okay
That's all purpose of the show kind of like a little relief from pain, you know is that what it is? That's what it is
That's so leaf-powered and for those who hate the show and listen like that guy a few calls back
It's kind of like an SNM actually so it's true
You know guys like the one who called who has the whips and chains on the walls busy flagulating himself right now
Miami. Oh, whoop. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Hey dude. Yeah pal
The original James addiction color. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We mean to talk to you dude. Okay pal
Okay, um you ripped them bad. I knew you would. I didn't think you could but I did but listen did I play it?
I'm a lot. Yeah, did I buy the album? Yeah, you're a man of your word. Did I play it?
Did I give it to Nick who enjoys it so that instead of throwing it on a floor somewhere somebody who likes it would have it to enjoy and fondle?
Jack could taste. Well
What the girl that works there likes it too
Yeah, no sharing does not like no she doesn't she hates it and it keeps making the stories up
She says no nick also said that Todd loved the other day and he was putting his finger down his throat and down his pants
It was it was incredible
Oh, and above Bob mold it's really ironic because he used to be with a band called Who's Could Do?
Go wait called what? Who's could do? Who?
Who's could do it means do you remember? No, I know. I know. It's just that if you don't if you don't say it very carefully
It sounds like something sub-rosa. Yeah, right as in sub-rosa Folger
But anyway Bob mold yeah, see I threw you off guard a little bit don't you? Yeah, that's the idea of the show
Okay, well anyway, he's in a wasn't a band called Who's Could Do?
Which is a lot like James addition while it says here Nick who's an expert in this crappy music
He says Who's could do his speed metal? No, man
Not see see Nick you don't know anything about music this guy in the phone. He's an expert
Underground
And the guy that you know, I think what he means is you have to be on speed to listen to it. No, not true
It's more like noise rock. Yeah noise rock. I like James addiction. No, no you need a good doobie to enjoy that
Well hard argue with that
Kind of on you
Yeah, or two couldn't hurt to be honest two couldn't hurt then you really get into it
And there's another three would be a paradise for that album well
Besides the Stan cigars man. Yeah, listen to it
You're size of a newspaper made like in rostid you like you said in spoken the news
Yeah
Anyway, there's another he said who's could do is like black flag if you turn it up loud enough
It'll kill every insect in your house. Yeah black flag's another good band. Oh, I'm sure yeah
If you don't like the music at least it will kill all the insects
And then he got another new group called roach motel which is my favorite
If you don't like the music you just kind of hang out there hang it up
Okay, listen, there's another band I want to turn you on to yes, maybe you like this one a little bit better
Probably not but give it a try. Well, well, you didn't say anything about Bob moldo you didn't say if you like it
But now it's 100 down pop. I thought that yeah
But you got to be a little commercial if you're gonna make some money. Okay, you can't get into this
S.O. Terrick crap and make any money. I like that single. I might even play it again today if I find what I did with it
Pretty good. He's got a bunch of different guys from different underground bands working with them
They took the best from all and put stuff together. Yeah, there's one new band one you
Okay, bone sandwich. What is it grunt bone sandwich? Oh, we had that last Wednesday for lunch. No, you didn't
Grunt bone a sandwich. Well, that sounds good. This man. Yeah, if you put that all together
I'm not so sure we can talk about it on the air. How really do you promote local music? Sure, whatever you like
Okay, well, they're a local band. Okay, I play drums for them, but so is Jane's addiction. No, well, they're from here
The singers from here. Yeah, there you go
From Hyalia. Well, C.D. on least lives in bokas so we can promote his music and feel about D. on he does use vocal effects
You can hear it. He has a doubler or a mini verb or something. I didn't say he doesn't but the point is when he came in here
And he sat down in the chair and sang it was great
Huh? Oh, yeah, well, I'm look I'm not saying you'd necessarily like his music
But the point talking about the fact the guy has got great talent for what he does
Okay, I'm not saying you necessarily like it, but he doesn't have to enhance his voice like these other all these other idiots
It's to it sound good
Just a little thing okay
Okay, Michael are you gonna be okay now? Yeah, I'm fine. Okay. See you later
Craw 47 look
And he's just one of the nice people in his business. I don't know how he ever sneaked into the business because he just a nice guy
Hmm, I don't believe it or not. I'm the right boy
He does some other spots too here and there he should be doing a lot of agency stuff because he's got a tremendous voice
I don't know you don't know Ken Maldon. Oh my god. I thought you've been it didn't he used to work at GBS
GBS. Oh for years. He was a GBS. I don't know. I only worked with boom boom one of the few
Every once in a while he'll drop me a note like that and I always appreciate it because he's a tremendous guy
And I see him about once every two years
When I run into him over at this game, but um, um, um, super guy
1248
Two five things better than this you must have died and gone to heaven
These are as good as it gets
My favorite are those cat skill mountain style garlic wings. It makes me feel like I'm right up there in the cat skills like at sleep away
Can't you
And they come mild medium hot or extra hot. Oh, I know as much the extra hot must be fantastic and you can get them extra wet
Yeah, that's my favorite or extra garlic and of course all of the wings come with that great blue cheese and celery for dipping and be sure in
Dip your wings and whatever else in the blue cheese because that's you know
I as I said I always in every spot mention it because if you forget if you think it's only for the celery
You're missing out on a real treat. It's for the wings also and all kinds of other great the hot subs and delicious sandwiches and
Finger foods and shrimp and a basket and clam chowder and your favorite beers and wine and lots more waiting for you at
Wings plus prices inexpensive the food is sensational. They're on the northwest corner of Andrews and prospect in Oakland Park
There are half mile west of university drive on the south side of sample road and curl springs and both wings plus location
Monday through standard ather open 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Sunday
Who used to murder women and children
What's your name pretty go at you death? Who was arrested and sent to prison?
Everyone knows that I'm
Who's been on death? Well, back in former seat who has a cost it all gives us
Who can avoid the chair any longer if we want to know this funding
The voltage begins to rise there's smoke coming off his side
Just look at the spark out I'm gonna die
Just watch him cry
Oh
We'll cherish the side of you
Moking like a far-backed you there's nothing less you can do
They're gonna make
You
Who's gonna come to the extra crispy?
Who's gonna make white microwave pizza? Everyone knows it's funding
You'll know how your victims tell as they're strapping on the bell
You'll look like a fatty mouse it's no surprise
Your tender eyes
Who used to murder women and children
What's your name pretty go at you death?
Who was arrested and sent to prison?
Everyone knows it's funding
Who's been on death? Well, back in former seat who has a cost it all gives us
Who can avoid the chair any longer if we want to know this funding
Who's gonna come to the extra crispy?
Who's gonna be the one to tell?
Who's gonna make white microwave pizza? Everyone knows it's funding
Okay any of you what these flag winners are there those sounds could give you a little
Reason to pause right and reflect before you like that match, okay
Because every politician in America is gonna make damn sure that he protects the flag
Mm-hmm. You can't protect you, but he's gonna protect the flag, okay?
See they can't do anything meaningful
So they have to do all these symbolic things, okay?
And I don't need that but when they protect the flag they're also gonna be baking an apple pie at the same time, okay?
Well, it's easy. Yeah, they like that easy stuff
So instead of like having this big runoff and all this for to fill club pepper see
Why don't they just see who brings the best pie in flange?
Here's uh Miami. Hello
Listen to that where there's some stuff going on there. I'll put that on hold. That's too good to waste for lottery
Okay nice talking to you boy. This is good. Yeah deer field
Hey guys, I know you're not an issue Zora
But I am outraged yes
Have you seen the new plastic grocery bags at public?
Now the white ones are the clear ones the clear ones they suck really what's wrong with them?
Well, you can see through them and I for one don't want people to be seeing six bottles of wine in a box of macaroni
Yeah, good point good point
I know we should boy boycott
Yeah, right. No, just just ask for the brown next trophy. Don't start here. Call Steve about that
We have an open-line and brown word five two four W. I. O. D. Miami. Hello. Oh, yeah
Hey, what was going on there before? Oh, I don't know
That's for some strange stuff going on in the background. What was the radio? I sounded like Bundy was getting the second
Dose hey, do you know anything about this Bruce Williams? I was listening to this guy the other day
He said Bruce Williams is the most listened to
Nationwide talk show host in the country
Mm-hmm and he says that he is rush limbo limbaugh is a second. Yeah, is that true?
Oh probably because they're both on these syndicated things where it's for free
So the stations at night can just you know slap it on there and doesn't cost him anything
Like Sally Jessie Raphael. Yeah, similar. Yeah. Oh god. I wonder where she is
Where she is in a rating
Oh, she don't have much ratings. I don't know just to got you know
She got those glasses
Yeah, and then of course we all know who's right there at the top. Uh, hi this Larry King. Oh, yeah, there you go
What about Hank Goldberg? Oh
Geez, you know these guys are getting so pushing us get into the end of the hour. You don't come any better than Hank Goldberg
Thanks got him all beat okay, my day. Thank you. Okay, me too. Have a good one
Hank is more entertaining and Hank could be more entertaining in three minutes and all those people he mentioned put together in three hours in three years
Now if you don't believe this they're gonna run the birthday show tomorrow and the best of
That's right. That's right the day that Hank was here on the birds birthday. I guess they're gonna run the whole thing
By the way Johnny dark we haven't made a big deal about this
But he is gonna be a toy to Hollywood tomorrow. We mentioned a lot of the other people like um the dork lady and
Maybe what's your name with her panties and stuff but Johnny dark is gonna bring a lot of people out
Gonna come by and say are you Johnny dark from WMCA and he's gonna say no
But even so it's worth the chance
Isn't he oh no, in fact Johnny's bringing his own jingles
Yeah, he's got to identify
Which is why he's not working right now because when he was on the air there were a lot of people saying basically the same thing
But he's a healthy guy. He's gonna come by he's gonna put on between him and fat rich
They're gonna have the w-i-o-d-e doll tomorrow, and it's gonna be incredible
And it'll probably be exhausted pass out on the cement so you can buy a folding to see that
April wore the misunderstanding by with a famous one o'clock w-i-o-d news
Neville come back with the even more famous big one to two hour
Steve with baby selling part two. I know it's hard to believe but it's true from two to six this afternoon
Oh
New stock radio six ten w-i-o-d presents
Neil Rogers to get a touch and talk call seven five one w-i-o-d in day five two four w-i-o-d
And brawler or six five five and two seven eight w-i-o-d in the fall beaches other areas may call collect the opinions express by the host
Guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station now
Here's Neil Rogers on new stock radio six ten w-i-o-d
Well, you know, it's great that we're still love though. We get to med mail from with the same handwriting
I just want to see which one it is okay. I'm not oh yeah
Okay, 107 and w-i-o-d those of you who waste time if you're gonna be creative with hate me at least camouflage it a little bit
Okay, don't to put it in envelope where we see the scrolling, you know the drooling on the outside of the envelope
Speaking a drooling by the way we understand that we may have a visit tomorrow from
The wild drooler maybe there. I'm kind of hoping that they all show up, you know because it'd be kind of fun
Are they are they gonna show up? Yeah, I don't think so they talk a good game
They were also they were also coming to the track that day, but they never showed up. Who is that? Is that Ken Wall?
Who is that?
Sean
Let me see that what the hell is that?
Well, it looks like there's somebody fairly interesting in that picture
No, it's not I was wrong. Well see upside down. He looked pretty good
This is getting notes from
Oh pumpkin head pumpkin head. This is on the set of pumpkin head
Geez don't leave that lay in a line
Okay, anyway, it's eight minutes after one. We don't want to get Steve hysterical, but pumpkin head just gets him going goes nuts
I know every time anyway by the way on viewers choice
Oh, man, there's some wild movies. I just mentioned this for people with satellite dishes
Some great movies this month. It's on, huh?
I don't know even the names of them. I saw the previous there's the one about the phone
Dating service. What is it called phone data? It's a slasher movie part. Did you see it? Yeah, it's very good
And there's like about four or five of them on there. I showed that man. You did see Batman. Thanks, Todd. He said it's sunk
Media okay disappointing you didn't say it sucked because there was disappointed when you get that kind of hype
Yeah, they're always gonna fall below expectations. Okay. Well anyway, I'm gonna go see because Jack Nicholson's it at then you know
I don't like him okay
See I'm the only person in the world. He was great in kukus nest. I don't like him other than that. He's just
Okay, like well, and obviously I'm gonna enjoy that flick. Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yeah
Great. Hey, you always can I ask you a question before we go on? Sure. What do you think of Jack Nicholson? I like him. Okay, see
No, I'm the only person in the world at this right
Isn't everybody yeah exactly me
Hey, well, you know me. I like being a little different as they say as Mike Thompson would say a little different
Yeah
You always talk about waitouts from up in upstate New York. Yeah, this kind of ties right in doesn't it? Yeah
Okay
Okay, what hey, why don't you talk about the Rochester Redwings? That would really piss him off. Yeah
No, I wanted to ask you heard of speedy
Mm-hmm. It's a it's a state New York dish also and I
It's an upstate New York dish. Well, it's a lamb marinated lamb and it's a shish kebab never heard of it sounds good
My parents are from Binghamton. Oh, yeah, and we always eat them up there. I never down here. He's priced
You know nobody's even heard of me even you know down here greenies. They're in too big, but not speedy
Anyway, I wanted to ask you that also. I want to talk to you about the card
I mean you guys never met you mentioned marty are you mentioned the met who I hate?
Cardinals are tough cardinals are tough
Don't have enough pitching though. I don't think I don't just don't think they've got the pitching to do it
Well, maybe they could get some people back and make it true
Then we got to we got to go up against Langston this afternoon
But I'm gonna be driving a hundred miles an hour. But lucky and Langston today
How come we can't outcome the cubs never get to play the Phillies anymore. That's what I want
I know I think they think I think they got to play him in the beginning of the year
Just the first series and I think we played him twice, but briefly. I mean a met seem like they're playing the Phillies every day
Yeah, I think they got I think they got something going up there. Yeah
All right, I'll let you go good luck to you. Okay. She always short. It wasn't at painful. Was it mercifully? Okay?
It's 11 tender mercies
Mercie tender what was is at the movie he was a mercies well, he ties right in who was it? I don't know who was in Robert Duvon
Robert Duvon I like oh that was a terrible movie wasn't uh oh no the movie that he was in it was awful was called where he played the priest
Oh, that was oh, that was a horrible movie. You know the one I'm talking about that movie
I remember that brother was Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro
And they were brothers and he was a priest a corrupt priest and he buried him in the end or something
It was true out the true true confession true confessions
You know that movie oh
Oh
It was a bomb. It was a bad movie with two great actors, but it was a terrible movie the tender mercies wonderful
Anyway, we're gonna be having Bill Cosford on the tomorrow. He doesn't know of course. We're not gonna be here
But uh, but he really pisses me off. You know, he's a great guy
I mean, he just can't come on cuz the hero won't let him come on my show anymore
If he had balls if he had some real guts plus if he was ever in town he'd come on the show
But he's a good excuse. No seriously. He's the only guy who lives in New Jersey who works for the hero. He's never here
He's got an answering machine and that's about the only way you can speak to him isn't it?
StarConn is answering machine again and telling that uh, we think he's a nerd, okay
Among head
Anyway tomorrow. This is my last chance to tell you Steve will be reminding you throughout the afternoon
The course giving of various warnings is the case may be
Toyota of Hollywood noon to three tomorrow. We're already for all you wonderful folks who are gonna come on by
And don't forget when you buy any new car tomorrow and mentioned w-i-o-d
You get a choice to get either the Bentley super eight home movie system or a Bentley deluxe portable TV
So Steve is hoping to get into that new super tomorrow
Not you know, he's been wanting to do that for a long time
But he figures the timing is good now cuz he can get something free tomorrow
And also on display will be a million dollar red Ferrari convertible along with great food from the salvos
And I got a hundred certificates from char-hut. We got some t-shirts and we got bumper stickers and we got
pictures
And we got the dork lady and Johnny dork
And a whole bunch of people that are gonna show up so it's gonna be a great time
And of course check out all those beautiful new 89 toyotas and buy two or three on a way and of course the
Jewelers will be there in the heavy breather
So it's gonna be fun for all and maybe even bambi will come by with their soiled under panties too
That would be great
Tomorrow noon to three exclusively at toyota of Hollywood on 441 between tap and charadon in Hollywood
Oh
One sixteen that's gonna be a long time sixteen after one at W I O D and we got Walt from Pepsi on the Palm Beach line
How you doing Walt? Hey, okay, NEL I was listening to you talking there about Pepsi today
And I just want to say you're doing a real good job
advertising for us like that. Yeah, well, I got I hate to admit it
But I do like Pepsi better than coke. Okay. I hate to say that. Oh good
I'm glad to hear that but I love the diet barks
You know, we can kind of set that off to decide the diet barks is just incredible
Uh-huh. Why haven't you had a chance to try that yet? Really?
I'm out of the Pepsi Cola plant in Palm Beach. Uh-huh
You know, and we don't do that yet. We still have hires up here. Oh really well about two three years probably
It'll filter up to Palm Beach. You know, they're a little slow up there, Walt
Yeah, I know that I heard that. I hear you talking about them all
It's like my material, you know, it starts here and then the few weeks later, it's on the leaf followers show same different
Oh, well anyway, I'd like to say one more thing and close and
Yes, sir
Okay, thanks, Walt
You too. How about that? Yeah, they're they love us. It didn't
Mani who is here before with the diet barks. Did he say that they're all neilies over there? It is
Well, that's great. They love us and we love them and everybody just loves each other in this wonderful world
In which we live ladies and gentlemen. Brotherly love
It's Tom Lear when we need him. I don't feel like playing it right now, yeah
Do you know? Oh, okay. That's life is strange
Love is drained by the key in Sylvia WMGM Peter trip the curly headed kid in the third row who went to jail for payola
is
Boy those were the days. I
Mean what was wrong with that so they were taking a little money to the table and having a good time with it
Is let me ask you this is it any different from what the detail meant not deep do they call them detail men
That's all the prescriptions to doctors. Isn't that what they call him? I don't know he does
I'm looking at a couple of pimples here. That's what they call them. Isn't it? I don't know
I never heard that I thought a detail man was a guy who did your car. Yeah, no, they call them detail men
That's it. They sell prescription medicine
They work for pharmaceutical companies. They sell
They bring them but they give these they give them trips that's cars and all that other stuff
That's okay and then the doctor puts you on this prescription
And better fact I want a rip. I don't know what the guy's name is. I want to rip my mother's doctor. She's getting a new doctor
No, no he gave her listen to this. I don't want to mention her age
but obviously she's a little older than I am and
He gave her this blood pressure medicine. She told me she showed me the thing where she got her blood pressure
Take it. Mm-hmm. Her blood pressure is excellent for someone of her age. There's no problem with it at all
Okay, and I'm an expert on blood pressure
had my blood pressure since I've been overweight for years and
Give her medicine that makes her sick
Makes her deathly ill and I told her if she doesn't stop taking it
I'm going to take the medicine and flush it down to toilet
So she's getting a new doctor, but these see this is the thing the detail man come along and now these
Doctors they become put pushers for all these other people okay, and they just keep writing these prescriptions and make you come back and
Oh, it's just it's a nightmare. Okay, what am I talking about this?
First we started with burning the flag and now we're talking about prescriptions and doctors. Hello doctor
I'm on Solseing
Boy, I thought thank God. It's Friday. I hope by Monday. This all passes me, you know
Poppano hello
I didn't want to just hang up after the news that I
The first time I called about a week ago. I was put on hold of the news and
There's nothing like hearing over the phone instead of on the air. I mean on the air. She sounds great, but on the phone
It's just another it's just another planet. There's another voice. Yeah, no more than just another voice
I had you know I missed a Cubs game. I had to take a shower and I missed a Cubs game
I mean it was you know
Anyway, what is this man talking about? He's a mess. No, I had to I had to take such a long cold shower after that
After hearing it on the phone
You are messed up man. You're right. I read it. We owe you an apology because this guy was perfectly normal before he got on hold and since then his life is turned upside down
He's a mess. I try to get in the lighting round. That's easy to get in
But get try to get it on a news. It is easy to get in the light. I'll compare that you try to get in on the news
When she's when she's doing it. Oh impossible. I see
Impossible. Yeah, I mean I want to start a petition. I want her to do what is
He came
Okay, is that all right? Whatever you say okay. You're okay now. Uh, well
I'm heading for my I gotta get back at the shower
You're what it's going back to the shower. Oh, okay. Good luck to you sir
I know
Okay, let's put him on hold for a while. See how that all comes out. Here's a mobile
She's I keep doing it in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yeah, how much that
Thanks so much
That's their whole thing man. He's a little hyped up a cubano's out there that want to get on ping-a ping that's their whole story
Okay, we all know what it means only in your case you wish you had one
So that's the only problem
21 past one at WIOD. Let me tell you about the salvos right now
In fact, we don't have to tell you about it. We want you to come out and sample their delicious pizza
And all their great Italian entrees because the salvos is a super fantastic Italian family style restaurant
Actually, it's three of them all right in Hollywood Davi and the new one in plantation
You're gonna love the food. You'll love the prices. Look at that menu and there's just nothing on it
itting
But
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Okay.
Just in case Elvis was listening, I thought we'd play that.
That's his favorite song, you know?
It's a surprise, you never...
Yeah, you're right.
And that's when music really had something to say.
Yeah.
I mean, they really had a message, exactly.
Like, there's a line in there about eating peanut butter while you're burning the
flag.
Don't ever do it.
Don't ever do it.
We don't have time to get to that.
Speaking of that, we got a music expert online.
Who's that?
Pop from the up.
You see?
We'll hop to stromney with our tails.
Uh-huh.
As we approach Shabu's at the sundown tonight, a little hop to stromney can't hurt anybody,
okay?
It's kosher for Tisha Bows here.
What?
I'm at some dead milkman.
Yeah, the dead milkman.
We'll get that right on on the Steve Canjo this afternoon.
Okay, now.
As a matter of fact, Steve on next two days, funny, she mentioned that, is going to be
doing a show with six dead milkman.
Which is why they don't deliver too much to your house anymore, sir.
It's a dangerous world after you.
Have a great life.
Thank you, sir.
See ya.
Boy.
Hot pastrami.
And, of course, not to be left out for certain individuals in the W.I.O.D.
newsroom.
Oh, yeah.
You got it.
I'm out of my food alive.
When you don't let me go over.
What was that other food song that I used to love that I played on Zeta all the time?
Food song.
Yeah.
It was a novelty food song.
What the hell was the name of that?
Oh, I don't have the CD anymore.
Was it the new beads?
Yeah.
Red and butter by the new.
From nine and a half weeks.
The favorite records of all time.
Well, I wish I had that CD.
Maybe I'll run into Mike Lyons one of these days at the track.
Again, it's more of those old CDs back that they should be giving me.
But they won't.
28 past one at W.I.O.D.
Dear Field.
You're going to keep it on your time.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah, this is the guy from the depot that you were concerned about last week.
The depot.
Yeah.
Wow.
You don't remember?
I called you up and I told you that we sent you something when he had crotch rot.
And then he said he was your earplugged.
From the drug place.
The drug depot.
Oh, the drug depot.
Yeah, I want you to say that 10 or 20 more times.
OK.
Was it the drug depot?
Yeah.
Or depot.
Depot.
OK, anyway, I looked up to profile card because we keep one when we send some out to somebody.
Yeah.
And you did ask Jack it.
Yeah.
The bird didn't remember.
Yeah, it was crew X, I think, was what you said.
Something like that.
Yeah.
Yeah, when I watched the Cubs games, I always put on a jock strap so I feel like a real,
you know, a little more butch.
Yeah, yeah.
Like an athletic supporter, you know.
I could relate to that.
As they say in Oakland, athletic supporter.
Athletics.
Yeah.
I call them a jock strap first.
But anyway, did you receive that poopy story that sent here?
If not, I'm just going to send it overnight, express mail.
Yeah, send it express mail.
That'll be good.
Or get lost here in a weekend.
It'll be great.
Oh, but I'm sure Meg Green will have a good time with her on Sunday morning.
She has a lot of straight poop on Sunday morning on her show.
Straight poop, huh?
All right, Neil.
Well, how are you, Bird?
There's nice talk with you.
I'm going to send it overnight anyway.
And I'll just have to take that chance with her to get you.
Excellent.
All right, Neil.
We'll keep our eye peeled for it.
OK, sir.
See you.
OK, boy.
Boy, oh, boy.
God.
A lot of good stuff.
This is one of those rhino.
Rhino has some of the best old ECDs.
I just mentioned that in passing.
OK, and you always get the original cuts.
This is son of Frat Rock, which also has the bill deal.
What kind of jackass do you think I am?
130 at WIOD?
Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Pardon me, sir.
Bad ass me again.
I couldn't see.
What?
What do you say?
I have no idea.
Couldn't understand a word you were saying, sir,
but it was an excellent call.
And a real good build up toward that lighting
round as we get precariously closer any second.
Is the shower guy on five?
I'll go a little flat around.
Hold on.
Can you tell us the one to two hour?
Oh, yeah.
We're getting some good stuff here now.
You get closer to a quarter to two, boy.
The really, really intellectual callers
start pouring in.
All parts are soft, floor.
Even the Palm Beach line is lit.
See?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Goodbye.
See?
For Lauderdale.
Me again.
Who?
Holding.
Oh, I just put you on hold.
All right, hold on.
For Lauderdale.
Yes.
That would drive him nuts if I just
could go back to him over and over again.
Just a little fun with you there, sir.
OK, don't panic.
All right.
It's just a radio show.
I realize your life is pretty empty,
but we know where you live.
North Miami.
In Neil.
Yeah.
Now that the food song you were looking for that you always
played on Zeta was the cat and Dave Holman.
That was the one.
Yeah, that's my favorite.
By the Israelites.
Hey, listen, blind might
going to be a toy at a Hollywood.
No, he's busy cutting some jingles for WDNA this weekend.
Yeah, I met him last Christmas at a party.
I think it was him.
He was using a jingle bells.
Yeah.
He's big on those Christmas jingles.
He was girlfriend Pam, yeah.
Pam's.
You put me on hold for lighting around?
Sure, no problem.
OK.
New you can get around to it later.
Quit messing around.
I love those radio jokes.
Do you?
Pam, Pam.
Pam's in.
She hangs around with Tanner and Pepper.
Not Pepper anymore.
I guess just with Tanner and I.
How are you doing, boys and girls?
This is Uncle Jack Nichol.
Pratamaker, the rock and roll report.
I'm so damn pissed off at everything these days.
Can I say pissed on rock and roll radio?
You better believe I can because I'm one busy dude right now.
And I'll have time to do it over again.
Anyway, I'd like you to hear my story.
The three bears, the mama bear, the daddy bear,
and the baby bear who really pissed me off.
Well, forget about it.
That's all I got to say.
OK.
And like I said, I think Jack Nicholson probably the best.
One of our finest actors.
I almost forgot to play this for Mitch and Laura,
who were having a little psychotic experience
with our sales department.
Of course, it's very unusual, as well.
But they requested.
They'd be seats, did I play this?
Sales people are assholes.
OK.
I apologize for taking so long.
It's still better late than ever.
Yeah, still.
Which our sales department can relate
to that philosophy better late than ever.
Because I think it sums up their whole approach to life.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
What's up?
Hey, what's happening, dude?
Nothing.
First of all, I just wanted to congratulate you on the Cubs.
Yeah.
Are you a Metz fan?
Yeah, Metz fan, but you know.
Well, but you're a good sport, right?
Well, the good win.
Yeah.
Eight and nothing.
You bet.
Two shutouts in a row.
How do you like that?
I say two shutouts in a row.
Well, it's good.
You know, they're a good team.
Yeah, everybody underestimated some.
That's correct.
But they deserve to be.
Well, good luck this weekend.
You got a real tough team to play.
They got the fillies today.
Yeah.
You just better hope they put rough in an air again.
It'll guarantee one win.
They could forfeit it.
Good luck, pal.
I got a question.
Yes, sir.
OK.
First of all, I'd like to hold on to the right lightning round.
Sure, no problem.
And another thing is, is there any way you can play that song
that you have from McDonald's?
Oh, geez.
You know, how long it would take me to find that?
That's on one of these CDs.
I won't give McDonald's.
Yeah.
And I've been, I told my managers about it.
And they wanted to hear it.
OK, I'll have to do it on Monday.
OK, I'll have to fish you around for you
can wait till Monday, right?
Yeah, I'll have to say until Monday.
Your life won't change between now and now.
Well, no, I won't get that, you know,
manically, compressive right?
That desperate.
OK, hold on.
OK.
OK, thank you.
OK, what a great call, huh?
134 at WIOD.
Everybody's just in such a good frame of mind.
It's a wonderful, just a great thing, you know?
You get it?
Yeah.
Because we want that constitutional,
I mean, every politician is just working on his feverishly,
OK?
People are starving to death on the streets
and they're going to have a constitutional amendment
to protect the flag.
Did you say that David Ruffin is pitching in some game today?
David Ruffin, yeah.
And then as he exits early, like in the third inning,
and heads for the showers, you're going to be seeing
what becomes of the broken audit.
Well, that's another great record that I should still have,
but unfortunately, it's on a CD that's over at, you know,
where?
If Rose Folger is, or anybody else over there,
we know they listen constantly.
We just love them the pieces.
And it would be so nice, such a nice gesture
on their part in spite of all the intemperate things
that they've said about, you know, about us.
We'd like to have those CDs back,
because they're never going to play them.
And of course, now, are they monitoring today?
They could be.
So we better govern ourselves accordingly.
Anyway, I'll just wait till next week, by the way.
It's really going to be something.
OK?
Speaking of governing ourselves accordingly,
we want to tell you about.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Shocking.
Shocking.
Boy, this is quite a day.
Just had a little thing off the ear there.
That was exciting.
Can't wait to hear it.
So we want to waste your hand the best of luck.
Sure.
Got out of there.
Well, I don't know if I should say it on the ear yet.
So I'll mention it next week.
It's a good guy.
Great.
Anyway, wow.
Isn't it something we talked about, Bill Caltor,
and all these other, just what are we?
What a day.
Well, we're not doing lighting, right?
It's, see, I messed up.
I did that spot one break ahead.
Now, I think it's time for the lighting round.
No.
But it's not.
I just mentioned that it's not, OK?
Did you get that?
Yes, yes.
OK, hold on.
Oh.
Wow, you got it, like, walking on eggshells right here.
Palm Beach.
Nero, burn.
How you doing?
Great.
Listen, I'd like to save the world five bucks, OK?
I went to see Batman last night.
Yeah.
It's a Travis thing.
That's what they rumor is.
Oh, it's more like Spider-Man.
Really?
So all he's doing is shooting his rope
saw over the place.
Yeah, now.
Anyway, I'm a met fan, not a cobbin fan.
And I'm suffering.
Yeah.
That trade was horrible now.
It really was.
I don't know what they're thinking about.
Dijkstra is such a good ball player.
And he's a tough clutch player.
And I didn't want Sam Welles is mediocre at best.
He's been struggling for two years.
He's struggling.
He's struggling.
Exactly.
You know, the Dijkstra 7 for 14 with two homies
since he went over to Philadelphia.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
And probably McDowell will get a new life to all of a sudden.
All right.
Anyway, as Palm Beach is, can I hold for the lighting round?
No problem at all, sir.
Hold on.
Well, listen, these met fans have
all of a sudden gotten a lot of humility, you know what I'm saying?
Very humble.
And I got news for you.
OK, as much as I'm loving what's going on,
free game lead and late June is hardly anything
to you to send the Orioles, by the way,
are seven games ahead in the American leagues.
That is really shocking.
What's Steve is just apoplectic out there?
And what does he do?
Moving furniture or something?
He's going nuts out there for a lot of Dale.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
All right.
Listen, I work for a phone survey company.
And we're doing surveys for radio talk shows.
What's the question?
What's the question?
No, well, you guys don't have anything to worry about.
That's for sure.
But I'm surprised as many people listen to the radio
as they do when the trends come out,
because when you talk to some of these people on the phone,
man, they don't know what's happening.
But one thing everybody agrees on, it's Lihoo.
Yeah.
And out.
Well, what do you mean not Tom Burch?
No.
Oh.
No.
No.
Just a little private survey company.
And why is it a radio talk show?
Huh.
So I imagine that's how they get some of this.
So we're doing all kids.
How would you try to say?
I wouldn't put diet by a house.
But remember, the key thing here is Lihoo.
Yeah.
And can I hold some lightning round?
Sure.
No problem.
What a call, huh?
All of a sudden, we made like this big comeback in this hour,
just when we thought it was the usual drags of society
in a one and two hour when we kind of extend our hand
of welcome to the drags.
And we're getting some real Ojohn provocateurs here.
Plus we had that call off the year on the bat line,
which was exciting.
From Abe Lincoln, and we wish him the best.
That is good news.
Yeah.
Boy, anybody gets out of there.
It can only ensure his life measurably.
I sure know the feeling.
Yeah.
So do I.
Although it was a bitter pill this one.
Miami.
I don't hold your breath.
We're all drags.
We're just faking it.
OK, hold on.
Wait.
Wait a minute.
Yeah.
Hold the light.
I got a couple of questions.
OK.
Do you have Motsoman by the filter Joe and the fish?
You know, I used to have that over in the other place,
but I don't think I have that anymore.
OK, because I know that's another one
you want with a food song.
Yeah.
And you got it?
No, I'm going to pick it up though.
Once I get it, I'll bring it down to you.
OK.
I'm also wondering if WIOD is going to hold a semi-pro full contact
triple jump checker supplemental draft.
That's August.
First weekend in August.
OK, that's what it is.
7 AM to midnight.
OK, thanks a lot.
Hold on now.
You're our holding, aren't you?
Yes, I am.
Because I figured this was just preliminaries, isn't it?
Hold on.
Radio 4 play there, I guess.
Pompano, hello.
You wouldn't have left Dr. Ootono, would you?
Oh, this is still a guy.
Were you on six all along?
No, I got lost.
OK.
I dropped the phone.
I'm sorry.
Well, it could have been the soap.
So it's a lot better.
Hold on.
Wow.
This has really turned into some kind of hour, right?
This is entertaining.
Federal law prohibits us from saying what kind.
And of course, we do have a call on the Bokalai, and hello.
Yeah, I'm Bob Mose, what are that around?
Oh.
You didn't want to make a liar out of me, did you, sir?
No.
OK, hold on.
He wanted to bear out what I said before to prove that it is.
It is.
It is, boy.
We had like scraping the barnacles off the bottom of the ship.
But it's great.
And just remember, ladies and gentlemen,
what America is really all about.
The green acres is the place to be.
Oh, there it is, the light for me.
All I need is my flag and a pig, man.
I'm in the race.
Right now.
That's what David's doing.
My problem, she's got the Hungarian flag.
Keep man happy.
Just give me that countryside.
Boy.
No, he is my brother, sir.
There he is.
I get a little sick smelling there.
I just adore a penthouse view.
Darling, I love you, but give me a bag of anew.
The chores.
I start.
Oh, I know.
God, that's America for you right there in the nutshell.
What is that?
Where's that coming from?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
How are you on?
I got everybody on hold.
Who are you?
Who are you?
Where are you?
What line are you on?
This is great.
I don't have anybody punched up.
All right, hold on.
Are you going to hold?
Are you OK?
I don't get it.
He's still there.
Where are you?
Look under the table.
There's something over here.
I got him on hold.
Hello?
He's still there.
This isn't good.
Where are you coming from?
It's never happened.
You're not on any lines there.
This is the best.
This is the greatest thing that's, are they all,
they look like they're flashing me.
Wait a minute.
Hold on a minute.
They all look like they're flashing.
Oh, are you on Boka?
I'm dying over here.
Wait a minute.
Hold on.
Hello?
He's not on hold.
I'm on it.
Are you there?
Hello?
How about now?
Now he's not on hold.
Oh, man.
Why that was.
Wow, talk about flipping out right at the end of the week
two in the last break.
And this guy's like, he's just coming from nowhere.
Like from the ceiling.
The guy's in the ceiling and events somewhere.
Wow.
It is shocking.
I think it kind of fit in with that green acres.
All right, let's do a little break here.
We'll come right back.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah, the hell with the game.
I'm going to watch the Andy Griffith throw.
Well, finally.
Yeah.
What's more important?
Finally, converted.
I'm going to sit there.
I'm going to wrap myself into flag and have some apple pie, some peach cobbler, and
sit in my corvette.
It's a Chevrolet.
That is American is apple pie and mom and Chevrolet.
Anyway, let's get to it.
I guess you can't postpone it forever.
Broward.
What a star.
What a star.
Boca.
Boca.
Yeah, he does a little tie in there.
You got a theme show today on a lightning round.
Broward.
Flag's spreading out so far and wide.
Yeah.
Boy, yeah.
I hope he gets out of that shower in one piece, I'll tell you that.
Dave, hello.
Get up, British.
Quail Haydenham.
What's the rain?
Why?
It's inane.
It was about, there's a bushing quail joke and you know, civil double.
Oh, was it?
Yeah, school's out, you know.
How come they all throwing food?
Got a sock over the phone, kid or what?
Broward.
I don't listen to Steve Canis well when I'm constipating.
The bat line.
Well, that's good because you're not on the air.
Okay, let's see.
I can't take it all, I really think about that.
Good.
Yeah.
Pump each.
Gary, I'm falling and I can't get out.
Dave.
That was nice.
I like that.
That was excellent.
Broward, hello.
Steve Canis and asshole.
Oh, primitive there, but right to the point.
Dave County.
Walter Lamp.
Oh, that's not now.
Was that the Walter Lamp or was that a cross between the Walter and the three
stuages?
I think that was Jimmy Elton and Budell got tied up on the same line.
Together.
Broward.
The B.M. gives BKC.
The S.M.T.D.
Too many initials, sir.
After the first three, we get real nervous.
Pump each.
No.
By favorite light, man.
He's right into this show.
Broward.
That's a good to.
Dave.
I'll be there with the dog tomorrow.
Broward.
You jam your ratings and Steve will jam the bull whip.
Boka.
That ties in with that song I was talking about.
Easy beats.
Jam and butter.
Oh.
Dave.
Hey, dog lady, it's the limper for a bucket.
Dave.
This is Hank Kimmel, your county agent.
Boka.
Boy, this is Doug.
Will you marry me?
Wow.
Broward.
I'm dying over here.
Oh.
Good reading there.
What else is that?
That was actually.
Dave County.
Oh, Neil.
Your bed needs me.
Boka.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Never know with these people, huh?
Dave, hello.
Broward.
He born as a douchebag.
Boka.
Boy, this is Doug.
You haven't answered yet.
Dave.
Okay.
Good one.
Broward.
I didn't come here.
You know that?
My favorite.
Yeah.
My absolute favorite.
Broward.
Okay.
Who that is?
Beth.
Dave County.
That was Uber's Saturday.
Shame to you.
Palm Beach.
Yeah, the birds are ragged arm.
Yeah, but he's pitching for the meds tonight.
Dave, hello.
Is the chocolate therapy lady coming to mind?
No.
Let's hope not.
Broward, hello.
I want a beer on the ass.
Dave.
Boy, they are, I know it's the end of the week,
but they are just a wreck.
They're a mess.
Boka.
See what I mean?
Dave County.
Castano, you douchebag.
Broward.
Up to bed for the lick and flamingos.
Dave.
What are we going to say?
Do we have to do a lightning round?
They're just a little bit.
Palm Beach.
Hey, Dean, the sprinkler queen does great headwork.
Boka.
We have more sizes and widths.
Dave.
I love you.
Broward.
I don't know about him, but I don't do anything well
when I'm contemplated.
Dave.
We got home.
Broward.
I'm freaking there.
Tell them I go get a job in a nice place.
Wow.
You're right, they are, Rick.
Yeah.
Emotional cripples today.
Palm Beach.
Dave Garbage, not my pride, right?
Boka.
He's called.
He's his one-term whale and I'm struggling over here.
Dave.
And now.
Now.
Broward.
Two in a row.
They're really doing it now, boy.
Dave County.
Neil, your bed still needs me.
I already got one dog in there, pal.
Broward.
Hello.
Palm Beach.
Yeah, carry the glider pilot.
Makes me sore.
Boka.
Yeah.
Yeah, an interview from Disney World.
Dave.
Oh, this is Jack when the beach and I switched from Sandy to Neil.
Wow.
Broward.
You're my lifeline, Boka.
Yeah, you just know it's a Disney station, don't you?
When he heard all these Mickey Mouse callers, Dave, hello.
We await Anthony.
Palm Beach.
That's H.A.
Kurt, tell me.
Dave.
Hello, it's just white loaded, Dale.
Neil, I love you about me.
Broward.
Broward.
Get with it.
Palm Beach.
I shall afford a five-ton today.
Has it made me cry yet?
Dave.
Thanks for the compliment, Mr. Trump.
Dave.
They don't come any better than Hank Goldberg.
Boka.
I'm Scooby Diving over here.
Oh, man.
It's a great pressure.
Well, no.
I'm going to get a little bit of a shock.
I just, at the pressure from these calls, man.
It's just incredible.
Dave, hello.
Hello, good news.
I've just been released from the mental ward.
And I'm calling...
Broward.
Look at the massacre of my boy.
Isn't that funny?
We're talking about James Conn before the show.
And there's a Godfather line.
Isn't that great?
Mm-hmm.
And he's in there with the Undertaker.
And he pulls the sheet back.
Look how the massacre went.
That beautiful boy.
Boka.
Steve Kane is an O-jump pro, jock sniff-or.
Pumbiche.
I got a suppository in my ear, and I can't find my hearing aid.
Dave.
Do me dark lady.
Why?
I'm about to dark lady.
Oh, Broward.
You're crazy.
If you were Dave.
Steve Kane has smelted spray.
Broward.
Yes, this is Robin.
Can I come tomorrow?
Dave.
David, did you bought by Dave?
Mel Tourme.
I can't believe Mel was falling for life, right?
Can you?
Shocking.
Broward.
Only if...
Wow.
Boka.
Dave.
Do you want more KY?
Broward.
I'm Ann Bishop Royderall, we're looking for you again tonight.
I'm supposed to say it's six months ago.
I'm a five-six-year-old boy.
Really blew it.
Bad job.
Bad job.
Dave.
Hello.
Yo, this is the real Dwight Law today.
Boka.
Na na na na na na na na na na na na.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We know.
Oh, boy.
Robin is waiting for you, and I don't mean to want to call before.
Broward.
Ask people our sales hold.
OK, 158 at WIOD.
First up of the day when I was high.
It was, hey, we know.
Stupid, you know.
It might be true, though.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Well, well, we'll check it out, OK, pal?
And if it's true, you will be the first ones to verify.
Boka.
Can I hold for you?
Dave.
Stick it up, you ask me.
You always have it here.
Broward.
158 is one of it, because it's debated.
Dave.
Neil, you're a girly man.
Broward.
Come be your douchebag.
On beach.
The more I think about it, the more I like it.
Broward.
I wish I had a warning with over here.
April Worthing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Must be related to Craig.
Dave.
Neil, you're a dick.
Broward.
Neil, you don't blow your sock, you silly.
And last but not least, of course,
Of course.
Our favorite line, isn't it?
I think so.
Boka.
Crank it off and just off the neighbors.
Excellent way to end the week, boy.
Now, there was a real mixed bag on that lighting right there.
There's a good one to there.
We'll take a poll on a Monday.
See how you like it.
Have a great weekend.
Don't forget to hit a Hollywood tomorrow.
We're going to be there and we're going to have 400 police,
the riot squad out there to take care of the guy with the dog.
And the steams coming along.
Next, baby selling part two with Richard Dimitro and Chad Dorenceyfe
and kind of a sequel to Wednesday show sports talk with Hank.
