Mr. Trimmer?
Is this Mr. Trimmer?
Oh, they've gone to get this?
Yeah!
How you guys doing today?
Good, who's this?
My name is Stepch Mort.
What's up?
I got a fire point on WKAT.
No, where's Mr. Trimmer?
I have no idea.
I found out that R&E framework is a general manager of WKAT.
Uh-huh.
I thought that I would frame it with the general manager.
I think that was in days gone by.
Uh-huh.
Now what happened?
This is Mr. Trimmer.
I mean, it's a bitter pill for me.
It didn't happen.
It's a bitter well.
Anyway, I thought my army was going to be home.
Well, I remember in the pictures that I used to use WFU in.
Uh-huh.
And that wasn't exactly a jingle per se.
What that was, it was like some kind of a special record they made for WFU in.
And I think they, I think they gave it away or something.
I'm not sure whether they wrote, they might have sold it.
They might have sold top of it.
And there was a guy named, this guy named David O'Donnell, who used to talk about it.
He used to do the promo for it.
Uh-huh.
And I really, I really wish some company could be put, let me ask for company wanted to put it on our cassettes or, or record would they be able to do it if they wanted to?
No, it's an old, it's rare.
It doesn't exist anymore.
It doesn't exist anymore?
You know, we could really call that our M, you know, we're up to M and we just did L and the little lady, we actually could call that M.
That could be the Miami song, you know?
Uh-huh.
And a couple of more things.
You know, when you were playing the BG's, not, uh, uh, more than that thing alive, but nice fever, nice and more.
I mean, what do you get from the, the greatest hits?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's on the CD.
And she's like, it's twisted by a wonder of the tour.
Oh, I don't know.
Oh, you can find it.
Oh, thank you for your money.
All right.
Now, but I really do think what he said, you know, like I think this would be a perfect hill.
It's the Miami song.
I flew in over Bickein Bay on flight.
And he's got a line of destiny.
So the cab down town on this thing's in the Lord.
One wonderful sight.
So I'm dreaming of the Earth.
Miami is great to be home.
Miami, I'm never more home.
Just living the sun and listening to the song, my least friend is the home.
We drove along Miami Beach that very night.
And college avenue was such a sight.
Miami's room was riding high inside.
So good year, glimpses are there.
Just floating high.
Miami is great to be home.
Miami, I'm never more home.
Just sitting the sun and listening to the song, my least friend is the home.
I am the best you know where about 404 lines.
Boy that big, that mountain park is really fine.
Now I'm telling you, no place is really as great as my hometown.
In the sunshine, say, my home.
Miami is great to be home.
Miami, I'm never more home.
Just sitting the sun and listening to the song, my least friend is the home.
You can't imagine who would call up right word in.
And that's the perfect pin from the old FUN.
Probably early 60s, it's the Miami song.
Alright, bambees on the phone and we'll get to her right after this.
I had the phone, he's a nauseous, outrageous, rude, disabliable.
Stop, he's Russ Limbaugh and when the Yankees are off, he's on the radio here every weeknight at 8.
If you listen to this show, you'll need to read the news.
You don't need to watch television news.
I do more than you ever could.
You listen to me regularly, you'll know what to think about what the news.
Russ Limbaugh, when the Yankees are off, he's on Newsok Radio 610 WIOC.
Bambees.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
Now, bambees.
Yes.
I want to know something.
Okay.
What?
Let's be honest with each other.
Okay.
Were you at Toyota, Hollywood, that Saturday?
And you didn't tell us?
No, Clan, I didn't know that I wasn't invited.
What are you making?
Everybody was invited.
Everybody?
He said you were going to come over.
What do you mean, in five?
It don't give me that.
Well, I wasn't there.
And I didn't want to be too grumpy.
What do you mean?
Well, I don't know.
Because I, you know, I easily don't want underwear.
And I just thought, if I don't know there was no underwear on, you know, what would happen?
Well, I'm sitting over here at work with no underwear, so I was thinking about that one to give you a call.
That made you think about it?
Yeah.
You know how to do it.
Hey, I know you're doing the best and you're on the alphabet, so you bet on it.
Did you do a Casey case in one already?
No.
See, it's cafeteria, centuria, because it never gets played.
Casey gets played all the time.
I never heard it.
What do you mean you never heard it?
I only heard half of it one.
I'll play it for you tomorrow, baby.
Well, you?
Sure.
Why don't you call me up and remind me.
Okay.
I'll play it for you tomorrow.
All right.
Okay.
Well, no tomorrow is nuts, Dave.
How about Wednesday?
Wednesday.
Give me a couple days.
Yeah, tomorrow, Stan's going to be here in the swimsuit, show, and all that stuff, you know.
Call me a Wednesday or Thursday or something and I'll play it for you.
All right.
Okay, Bambi.
I'll talk to you later.
Wow.
Bye-bye.
Ha, hey, my gosh.
Pull up to end.
And that's where we hear the deal, Roger's theme music, but that's not end.
This is to bring back memories to all the memories out there.
Remember the music when he was on night, so I am see.
But here is in.
All the white folks, hate the black folks, and the black folks, hate the white folks,
to hate all but the white folks is an old established rule, but during
national brotherhood week, national brotherhood week, lean on horn and sheriff park
are dancing cheap to cheap, fun to you, legit, but people you deserve as long as you don't let them in your school.
All the poor folks, hate the rich folks, and the rich folks, hate the poor folks, all of my folks,
hate all of your folks, it's American as apple pie, but during national brotherhood week, national brotherhood week,
New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans cause it's very cheap.
Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand, you can tolerate him if you try.
All the Protestants hate the Catholics, and the Catholics hate the Protestants, and the Hindus hate the Muslims,
and everybody hates the Jews, but during national brotherhood, national brotherhood week,
national everyone smile at one and neverhood week feet, nice to people who are inferior to you.
It's only for a week so have no fear. Be grateful that it doesn't last all year.
Tom Lerard does national brotherhood week, and that is in.
Okay, Miami.
Yeah.
Yeah, this is Mike, I'm calling from Sissimi Florida.
Mike, God, Kishimi.
You're kidding.
Yeah, I like, I love your show.
You need all right.
Oh, thanks.
Yeah, I was just wondering whether I was going to be able to get through or not down there, and it's always busy when I tried to call.
So you're up in Orlando.
Yeah.
You know, I was talking to somebody over the weekend, and they said the traffic in Orlando, it's like down here.
Oh, God.
I'm telling you, besides these, well, we got the tour of bad up here.
Yeah.
Hell, they tried to run you off the road, or smack Indian stuff like that, they drive and miles an hour.
That's what they say.
It's like South Florida, and all the radio stations do traffic reports, and it's like a real big deal up here.
Oh, yeah, it's terrible.
Yeah.
With all the tourists, I'm sure.
God.
But, um, it's not too bad, I'll share, but I can't use something.
We can do it without a lot of words sometimes.
Yeah.
It's probably going to your favorite restaurant, you can even get in there, because there's a line like two miles long.
Yeah.
Yeah, bet.
So you're living up there, huh?
Oh, yeah, I'm up here.
I can't live in Miami.
Yeah.
And you can hear us.
Oh, beautiful up here.
That's the clear.
Well, great.
And I just find, uh, saying something about somebody.
Okay.
My friend, brother Steve, he's a douchebag.
I mean, he is.
Look, you know what I thought?
I give you a call, but you know, even if you're good up here.
Well, I'm glad you did.
Okay.
Okay.
Now, it's real interesting that he would talk about that because we're up to the o's now.
And I have searched this rack.
And this rack is a...
I have carts everywhere, you know, as we try to alphabetize them, but I can only find one thing in the rack that started with o's.
The O Canada Steve.
Which fits right in with what he was talking about with the tourists.
Please.
I was starving for this.
This is pretty good.
I like this actually.
What's wrong?
And if there's any Canadians out there in the audience listening to this show?
What in the hell are you doing down here?
Get back home.
Come on.
Okay.
That takes care of...
Oh, now we'll start the next hour with P.
Q. I don't know what we're going to do with Q, but R.
I will tell you now, you know, Ricky Tiki.
A Ricky Tiki special or something, and I'll figure out something to do, because that's all.
There's no question.
Okay.
Plantations.
Bye.
Yeah.
Oh, baby that's awful for that stress.
Oh, big thanks.
Hollywood.
Good.
Shit, Hollywood.
Hey, all right
Good
And it was good to hear it stand it was good then good to hear Johnny Darts. Yeah, I was wondering something
This mark it must be extremely
Dead for basically one reason those three guys there are very good talent. Yes
Yeah, and I just I really don't understand why these guys aren't working. I can't figure it out either
It's pretty well off one understand. I don't know where he talks. He's not like he's doing okay. Yeah
Joey, you know, he I know I just just killed me. You know see I took it in school. I took radio
TV television as a water yeah, like all of you was my major and
Even the process is okay. Would tell me, you know, oh, don't get into business
So kind of this is really the honest truth. I'll be there. It's funny when you hear Neil talk about it
Yeah, it's yeah, it's unfortunate because those guys are really really good talent and if a radio station had any parties whatsoever
They take a hot even WOLD. Yeah, you're right if they had even half
You know radio marketing sense they take one or at least two of those guys aren't I know what what so
Ironic about the situation is some of the people who are on the air. Yeah
However, I would never call them for my car phone. It's been 35 cents a minute telling them what how terrible they are
But they are
44
Of course
I don't know
Like what
Well, for instance he is good something about was the joke
That joke he told oh yeah, oh that was just a joke. I'm sure. Oh, what yeah
He that was really right. I mean, yeah, he was funny. I was very good
But you know, it's just good when the guy kept bringing him up. I was like wow. I don't know
He's hung up on him at the prom Lee was good. I enjoyed the young here, but
His ratings were horrendous. Yeah
But that's why they got rid of them, but that guy no, maybe he just wanted to upset me on and that's okay
No, some people
But
Oh, it is this I got to run for the news
But thanks for the kind words okay the balancing out the show a little bit
Ellis Rubin in per steve of the chef noon from two to six and during the terrier will be his guest from
Read to six. That's gonna be good
The gackie with sports talk and then bush beanbong at eight o'clock tonight. We'll be back at 12.05 for the big 12 to one hour
I'm gale bright new talk radius 610 w i o d
News talk radius 610 w i o d presents Neil Rogers and Glenn Hill
Neil is taking the day off today. Glenn Hill is in to get a touch and talk call 751
W I O D and day 524 W I O D and brother or 655 and 278
W I O D in the fall beaches the opinions expressed by the host guests or colors are not necessarily those of the station now
Here's Glenn Hill on new stock radio 610 W I O D
I
the
Jesus
The whip that took
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
You were supposed to be getting high up
You were supposed to be getting high up
You were supposed to get sky blue
You were supposed to get high up
He left the soccer match.
The ball's down.
He's a goofy head.
The ball's down.
The ball's down.
The ball's down.
The ball's down.
The ball's down.
The ball's down.
Boy, back to when the post visited Miami two years ago.
We played that to death back then, I was just...
It's the Pope's most dope.
They're up to pee.
They're up to pee already.
This is working out so much better than I thought it would.
This is nice. This is great.
Going to the alphabet, just like we used to in the old days, I'm trying to add this.
You should see the control of that.
Parts everywhere.
Let me move over here.
And, uh, the hamburgers from Mr. Arnold, I think him so much.
For the, uh, Fertz Fiery brought by.
Hamburger's are great.
Boy, he's trying to add hitting the spot and he brought me a present.
Oh, man, one of the day, I had no expectations for this day.
None.
He's going to sort of slip through it.
It's Monday and I sort of can't through it and go home.
And this has turned out to be great.
You know, I'm going to enjoy this.
Look at this.
We have a call from Paul Beech.
Hey, Napoleon.
Hey, Napoleon.
Yeah, I want to do a stand made your count down.
But, uh, you pretty much covered it.
So, I really don't have anything to say unless you have some questions or something.
Questions about what?
About the stand.
What about it?
Well, he should be on the air.
Oh, yeah.
You're to be congratulated for putting him on.
Thank you, sir.
Most people wouldn't have the guts to put on some of that good.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's too good. Don't you think?
He's too good. That's really good. If you're too good, they take you off the air.
It's funny how that works out.
Yeah. Funny how that works out, isn't it?
Yeah, it could be out in the strange.
Well, I hope you hear tomorrow.
This is going to be, you know, again, I have no expectations for tomorrow.
This could really be something or it could be nothing.
You know, who knows?
But with the swimsuit show on the radio and staying here to narrate,
it could be a classic. I mean, who knows?
I don't know.
So you just tune in with me and we'll find out together.
Got to be listening, but I won't be able to calm because I don't know if he could try to.
Yeah, not necessary.
In the following.
See you later.
Okay.
Camera.
Yeah, Bert.
Hey.
Going a great job.
Thank you, sir.
Is this to your fourth of July show there?
Uh-huh.
I'd like to get the ticket formula.
Oh, the formula.
What did we call it?
What did we call it?
Boy, I don't know if I can give it to you.
It's the formula.
I think that is what we called it.
I don't know if I...
Let me see if this is right.
I should have written it down.
Rich has it.
I think it's 395 times weight.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Then you...
Oh, do you think that?
Then you multiply that by the height and inches.
And then take the square root of that.
You have to do it on a calculator.
I think that's it.
No, maybe Rich can call it.
395 times the weight times the height and inches square root.
I think so.
I don't know that.
I hope I didn't forget something.
But it works amazingly well.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I don't understand it either.
Good luck to you.
Okay.
Thank you, Doc.
Okay, now here is Q.
I have as much experience in the Congress as Jack Kennedy did.
When he sought the President's service as Jack Kennedy.
I knew Jack Kennedy.
Jack Kennedy was a friend of mine.
So I'm afraid you don't know Jack Kennedy.
I mean, what other Q could there be?
All right, we're going to do a break.
And then we're going to do R when we come back.
And I'll tell you right now.
Man's will tell you.
R is Ricky Tiki.
So you don't want to miss that.
All right.
All right. We'll be right back after we do this.
Okay, luckily DJ's on the line and has the formula.
I did.
Now, Nick says it's 5.49.
Yeah, he's right.
5.49 times the weight divided by height.
And then the track ten inches and then the square root.
And then the square root.
Okay.
And, uh, well, I guess I guess I bring in brought in my promo a week too early, man.
I should have brought it in tomorrow, huh?
Yeah, well, I'm going to start to show with it tomorrow.
I already decided because I think that's going to, see, it sets the tone for tomorrow's show.
Do you think?
I think so, pal, because the last one was just too much for me to handle.
I mean, you know, I just got it.
I got to tell you, buddy, your knees are going to be shaking more than one.
I think you may be right.
You're in for something, pal.
It just doesn't happen very often to us normal guys.
Only stands to do such a show.
He's very lucky to have him in because he's the only one who seems to be able to really handle that.
Well, when they...
Right. Well, when they called and wanted to do it, I said, well, gee, I got to have stand.
Well, who else would you bring in?
Right there. Nobody else. Could you imagine some mirrors around?
Oh, my God. I'm going to...
You already know that I'm going to get ripped to this beyond belief when he comes back, but I don't care.
You've got to... You've got to have a video camera of it just as...
I mean, people will buy the video tape just to see what it's you or Blake.
Yeah. Watch in these girls coming.
Yeah, you're right.
You're probably right, DJ.
It's going to be a great show.
Good, Lord. But anyway, I really like what I really like about your thing is that you left that thing on at the end.
I guess I should play it, DJ.
Everybody knows what I'm talking about. So, do you just talk about it?
Yeah. So, I'll play it at the end of your call.
Everybody, because it's really good.
We will... I will play it right out of the box, come on.
But I still think I brought it in.
I should have brought it in some money.
No, no, it's fine.
Well, listen, hey, I would have been able to catch some of these.
Wow, now you've got a good point there.
All right, dude. If I were you, I'd take a doggy counter tomorrow.
Well, you enjoyed the show tomorrow, DJ.
I did.
Okay. Let's see you.
We up in the morning!
Yeah!
Be awake, be up in the sun!
So, get out of your way!
I'll be out of your way!
I'll be out of your way!
I'll be out of your way!
We go! We go!
We go!
We go!
We go!
We go!
We go!
We go!
We go!
We go!
We go!
Okay, now, now listen closely.
Listen, listen carefully, okay?
I know you think that gives it a whole...
Yeah, that really does make it.
Okay, let's take this call from Jupiter,
and then we'll do our Ricky Tiki salute.
Hello!
Hi, Glenn. How are you?
I know you're in some movies a lot,
and I was learning to cut that first installment of the mini-series
right now, not at NBC.
I'm not in the TV movies.
Not neither, but just a little exceptional.
Really?
Although they do surprise me every now and again.
That's exactly what happened to me last night.
I was just finneted, and I thought, well, I was watching this one at NBC,
and it turned out to be exceptional.
That girl had placed Molly Dodd's flare-brass.
Sure.
She was in it?
Yes.
And the conclusion is tonight,
you know, you know, you watched something that was very good,
shooting tonight.
Okay.
And I just want to call Jean from Deloria Dusbach.
Okay.
I can't wait for Neil to come back.
Me either.
I'll see you.
Okay, now before we do the Ricky Tiki thing,
we have some waxy information.
Hello?
How you doing, Glenn? Good.
I'm a long time listener, first time caller.
But I drive a cab in Port Lauderdale.
Yeah.
And I see three people the other day of the airport,
and they were having me take them to their work to get their car.
They must have worked their car work.
And it happened to be waxy radio.
And they were talking about it on the way over there.
And they said,
you all worked at waxy, and you said, yeah,
and they said, yeah, I started giggling.
And they said, well, what are you giggling about?
Well, I listen to Neil Rogers a lot.
And they like each other too much.
And he said, well, you never hear, you never hear, uh,
uh, uh, very shocked by anything on the air about Neil.
Right.
Yeah, it seemed off the air.
He told you he's an asshole.
Really? Is that right?
Yeah. So I don't know who they were.
I didn't ask them their names. They probably wouldn't do anything.
Yeah, they said that.
You're right. He never ever mentions Neil on the air.
Ever. Yeah, well.
Like he doesn't exist.
But they said what he would say if it was off the air.
Oh, now he knows that, right?
Well, this is perfect. Now we're going to do our little salute to Ricky Tick.
Okay.
You enjoy this, okay? Okay.
All right. So, for the most significant problem facing man today is the production of food and fiber to meet the necessities of life.
Even with the so-called food surpluses that are currently have plagued the United States and the Western world.
If all the food in the world were equally distributist among all the people in the world,
we would all be in a state of starvation.
I mean, some of these cheatings.
Come on, I think we're at a one, too.
Let me just pass 11 years Bobby Daird dream lover.
Yeah, dream lover.
Oh, that's not a bad thing. Now we got to try that again.
It's a very classy program for the entire family.
We're going to like to run over the records when they start singing. Okay, here we go.
Hello there, the Rick Shaw Show to Sunday night.
W-Q-I-M, here's Bobby Daird, the sacred lover.
Yeah, I'm hoping to be free.
Absolutely nothing on the air except this guy is in here.
That lady is a whatever in store.
I mean, she knows the stuff she's up.
I'm going to have to go.
Yeah, I'm going to have to go.
Yeah, I'm going to have to go.
Yeah, I'm going to have to go.
Yeah, I'm going to have to go.
Yeah, I'm going to have to go.
Yeah, I'm going to have to go.
Yeah, I'm going to have to go.
Yeah, I'm going to have to go.
Yeah, I'm going to have to go.
Yeah, I'm going to have to go.
Yeah, I'm going to have to go.
Yeah, I'm going to have to go.
Yeah, I'm going to have to go.
