Now, more with Neil Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD.
It's 1038 at WIOD.
I want to tell you something.
If they don't turn that down next door, we're going to just sit here and be silent for
the next three and a half months.
It's incredible.
I mean, I've heard it bad.
And again, my ears are, you know, how they get when they're terminally plugged up, when
you've got to go.
That's how they are now.
In the ultimate stages of plugged up, and it still sounds like they're just slamming
on the wall in there like they're doing the NBA slam dunk contest against the wall
in there or something.
Man, his nuts.
I swear, I feel like I'm staying at the holiday in and downtown Bay Roost.
I'm serious with it.
It sounds like explosions off in the background.
It's just unbelievable.
Now, should we take Johnny Dark is on 6th?
Will you hold on one second now?
Sure.
He has nothing to do.
Don't worry about him.
You're not going anywhere, right?
Nothing.
Hold on.
Because we got a mobile on here.
And I don't want this kind of spin-lot of money.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
How you doing?
I don't know.
I just tuned in for, I was teaching a cry of nervous classer, I'm 30 to 30, but it was
on the news last night about Gold Tosh and Mile.
Did you see that?
About what?
Gold Tosh and Mile what?
The entrance to that Gold Tosh and Mile rule of condos.
They put up a blockade there to keep up the spring breakers.
And then spring breakers over and they opted to leave the barricade up.
Good.
I think what they ought to do is just build a big wall around them over there and just stay
in.
That sounds about right.
Mostly you got a bunch of pseudo-intellectual snobbs over there in that part of town anyway,
so to how with them.
They're like a lot of people, you know, those islands off Los Olas.
Yeah.
Well, most of the people who live on those little islands are of the same genre of the same
kind of pseudo-intellectual elite of snobbs.
Do you stack?
Yeah, exactly.
Okay, I just want to let you know.
Okay, maybe Mayor Cox.
Maybe Mayor Cox can move in over there on the Gold Oceans and Mile and I have to be
accosted by all those people under 100.
I think he's already there because they shot to him after they showed the thing and he said,
oh, this is a good thing for the city and blah, blah, blah, blah.
Now, I think he was just, I think he was just there getting a haircut.
Well, I just want you to enjoy your conversation with Chai Dark.
I'm getting the honor of this dish bag down this weekend.
Okay, good luck to you, pal.
Bye.
Okay, now you don't mind holding one more minute, do you?
No.
Are you losing your voice?
No.
Boy.
Hold on now.
All right.
I'm telling you, I can't, I've got this is all I got, huh?
You should be home in bed.
No, I don't feel bad.
That's why I'm here today because I don't really feel that bad, but I just can't tell.
I've got the care for your voice.
What's that?
Huh?
What?
Go get another call.
Hold on then.
You're not going away, are you?
No.
All right.
No, he usually hangs up on us.
Here's old Pete, my old board op on a mobile phone.
We had to get Pete on because he had never made a lot of money over there.
No, I still don't make a lot of money.
How are you doing?
Well, listen, many isn't everything.
Believe me.
You feel a better?
No.
No, I feel all right.
I got three things I want to tell you.
First of all, a couple weeks ago, I went out to a Yankee game and I got next, I sent me and my young son, sent next to Mr. Gregory.
Oh, another Gregory Benjamin, who does firey for a booby-dobby?
Oh, it's incredible.
I was sitting there.
So I got up to leave and I was going to say, oh, hi, Greg.
See you later.
And he didn't say nothing so I walked away and said, you are a douchebag.
Ah!
I can't fire a laughing.
Just if you want to say, Monday night.
What do you do?
What did he do?
He did do nothing.
I mean, he didn't even acknowledge me.
I mean, not that I'm someone to be acknowledged, but, you know, anyway, I was listening to that great WQAM Sports Line the other night.
Monday and they had Harry carry on and he, his ass was frosted, Neil.
Really?
They started talking about Moynihan Watt that talked about the P-Rose allegations and Harry was telling them, they're just allegations and want you to be positive.
And if you're not going to talk about being positive, then I'm not going to talk, you know more.
And the interview was about a minute and a half.
Really?
And he just, he read him the riot act and he hung up on him.
That really revolved.
That's my ass, a little bit.
It did.
It really did frosted as he was.
I wish I had it on tape because I've been tape in every game.
Well, I've been two games, but I don't know why it's late last night's game.
I should have stopped it.
But in the seventh inning stretch where Harry does the take me out to the ballgame, he was so incoherent by that time.
He started, oh, one, two and a crowd's get all excited and there was a long, long, long pause.
And he was clearing his throat and puking and choking.
I want up to, and then he started out, take.
I mean, like way off, Harry was in good shape last time, believe me.
Well, he was, he, he, most of the time, he just stopped singing because he couldn't get it under control, you know.
Does he have an abut every inning?
I think so.
And last night's game, he was having a couple of extras because it was deadly, man.
That fourth inning was a killer.
Okay, one other thing you'll be do feel better, but I want to tell Matt get to work because you are a douchebag.
Okay, Pete.
Bye-bye.
Hi, Adios. Okay, finally, ladies and gentlemen, after waiting through all of these super sillious calls,
Harry comes, former star of stage screen and broadcasting.
Johnny Dark.
Now, this is not the Johnny Dark from WMCA in New York.
I heard about that call, yeah.
Now, does your call have anything to do with Johnny Tago cups?
Johnny's doing his radio voice today, by the way, so look out.
That's right. Yeah. Well, so what's going on, John?
Talk with Floyd Glycecreme at Beth and Robin.
Have you tried it yet?
The one on.
I'm not eating ice cream yet.
I eat that low in the luscious and all that stuff.
Now, it'll fix your voice.
It'll make you see God.
It is the best ice cream.
Really?
Ah. Okay.
Check it out.
Well, that was nice.
That's all of our sponsors, Johnny's doing a little plug for Beth and Robin.
That's good, John.
Yeah, the brand new one.
However, that will not get you any more food the next time you come in.
Somebody left me an empty can of Holy Calcola in my box and it's got Harry's autograph picture on a can.
That's exciting stuff.
And it looks, it doesn't look like Harry though.
It looks like Martin Nagransky.
Next to Glycecreme.
Look at him.
No, seriously, look at him.
Doesn't that look like Martin Nagransky?
Next to Glycecreme, I am the biggest sports fan in the world right now.
No, you could ask me anything about sports.
I want you to see River Phoenix's wife.
You got to get the new star, John.
Yeah.
When you see this picture, you're going to just, you're going to have to wear
a different undergarment when you look at it.
Boyish and not even boyish.
I mean, I don't understand.
That's right.
This looks like one of those little boys that was in standby.
It does.
April 11th star.
You can pick up WIOD in South Carolina, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina.
You can.
Yeah.
Did the call a few minutes ago say his friend listened to us in North Carolina?
I want to tell you, you know, when you've been in this business as long as Johnny Darken,
it's hard.
No, seriously, it starts affecting your mind.
And you start having these wild hallucinations and palpitations and you wake up in a cold sweat
at two in the morning, dreaming that you're driving through like Wiltsboro, Pennsylvania,
and listening to the micronary show.
No, actually, it was antique time I heard it.
I think it was Sunday.
I was driving up a road.
Well, when I hear that show, I break out into a cold sweat right while it's on.
Now, could you imagine being in Newburn, North Carolina, and listening to antique time?
Listen, I can't imagine being in Miami and looking at the tea time.
But you can't pick it up around Charlotte because there's a station big waves in Charlotte on the same freedom.
That antique time, that's part of our power weekend on WIOD.
Yeah, it's power.
But seriously, you can pick it up on 95 all the way up to Walter Barrow, South Carolina.
Now, if you're traveling on Route 17 along the coast, Route 17 goes from Charleston to up to Newburn along the coastline of South Carolina.
Here's Johnny reading us the map of North Carolina.
Really? Let's go back to the ballgame, OK?
You can get it all along the coast.
Yeah.
You can get it all along the coast, huh?
Somebody will call from South Carolina and North Carolina one of these days in surprise you.
By the way, I bet you're looking forward to that Shirley Peters guest appearance on the Steve Cain Show today.
I can't wait.
I can't. I really, I don't know what's happened to Steve, OK?
I think he's going into post-menopausal depression or something.
I don't know what's going on with that child.
Anyway, when I drove, when I drove out of town, it was March 31st.
And you would not believe how many blue hairs run the highway heading out of the state.
Oh, thank God.
I feel better already now.
Every single license plate was from out of state.
That's what I noticed first.
Well, that must be why Palm Beach County is so quiet now, like any of those calls anymore.
And then I looked inside the car and I couldn't believe all the old people and I started getting very nervous driving up there.
Well, I want to tell you, John, this has been a call that will live in the, in my memory for a very long time, OK?
One other thing, Neil.
Yes.
I had a slight argument with the bird man this morning.
Did you?
Yeah.
Well, he's getting a little arrogant and cocky now.
Oh, yeah.
I'll show this week and now right away he's like, he's like, Mort Downey Jr.
Tell him what it was about.
Yeah, about Joan Love It and Terry Marum.
That's right.
John Love It?
Is Joan Love It, right?
What's her name?
Joan Love It.
Yeah.
Oh, Terry Marum was on with the current one.
Yeah.
And Johnny thinks, and nobody, or people all laughing at the same time, it was great.
Johnny thinks nobody in town watches Channel 7 or knows who Joan Love It or Denise White is.
I think I'll be wrong about that.
I think you should take a poll and see who is more popular in a town.
Marum and her love it and I think Marum would win hands up.
He thinks everybody watches 10.
Nobody watches 7.
And when in reality everybody watches.
And he certainly gave us a great subject for today, John.
Anyway, I was amazed that Marum and his mind this morning.
And her what?
Her mind.
What do you mean?
Did he listen to that at all?
No.
I mean, I know it's difficult.
I heard about five minutes coming to work.
Yeah.
She's got an incredible mind.
What does that mean?
She's got a, how do I put this?
Just blurred it on.
I just, just say it.
She's got a dirty mind.
Well, what's wrong with that?
I mean, it was surprising.
Good. I'm going to start watching Channel 10.
She has this clean cut wholesome image on TV and she's just a real hell-rather.
Yeah. Well, that's why she hangs around with Ann a lot.
Well, listen, have a great day.
And this is one of your greatest calls of all time.
This is probably the worst, right?
Which I think I think that says it all.
Okay.
It's 1048 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward now.
If you move very fast, we want to keep up with the bird's pace from yesterday.
I want to keep these there.
There it goes.
Look at that now.
But I hope you're impressed.
One thing I don't understand.
Okay.
I've been out two days this week.
Now, how can we have a break here like this, like the one we're going to do?
How is that possible?
You know what I'm saying?
Wouldn't you think they'd be making up?
Oh, boy.
All of a sudden, I feel like I'm having a relapse.
And then when I saw that fourth page from Denonbury.
Well, I told the Morrow.
What is wrong with that child anyway?
Seriously.
We got to send him to San Diego for a lobotomy, okay?
Yeah, him too.
Oh, okay.
Man, they'd have to have very tiny little pieces of equipment to get in that very small
cranium of his, you know, as a bird brain.
It's 11-11 at WIOD.
Now, more with Neil Rogers, a new stock radio 610 WIOD.
It is shocking.
And at 10-52 at WIOD, Miami.
Hello.
Combine over here.
Yep.
I know what you're saying.
Hey, Neil, welcome back.
Yeah.
The birds did a great job with you, away from them.
We know a question about factoring the 11 o'clock hour.
We're going to be doing a poll on just how great a job he did, okay?
Like, when I go on vacation, every time I go on vacation, and he does the show, I come back.
And then there, you know, we have to go through this like three days.
He was great.
He was horrible.
I mean, why don't those people grow up already, okay?
Listen, I got the perfect spot for you to go on vacation too.
Yes.
Charleston, South Carolina.
Yeah.
The weekend you can listen to WIOD.
I can hear you in a peak time on the weekend.
Yeah, the landscape is showing.
Yeah.
And then of course, I can listen to Meg on Sunday.
Find out how much money I'm going to bring back.
It's just that you know, Meg, don't get uptight.
She is so sensitive.
Oh, she is just hysterical.
Listen.
How about the coaches here, huh?
Yeah, they're really looking great, man.
Last night, I want to tell you about Don Zimmer.
I liked Don Zimmer.
But last night, this kid, Ken Howell, who used to be with the Dodgers, who started for the Phillies last night,
he was throwing everything in the dirt he was behind in every batter.
The Cubs are ahead, too, nothing.
There's still nobody out in the first inning.
And he's got him's healing, okay?
And in the first two winnings, getting thrown out and just busting up potential beginning.
Cubs could have had 10 runs in the first two winnings and Zimmer ran him out of it, okay?
Listen, Neil.
But anyway, it's going to be great.
Do you think there's any way that you can do some of the gains thanks here for you on?
No.
Really?
You don't want to get into that again?
I'm not going to go through this hole.
I mean, it's like somebody's doing me a favor to get involved with that.
And I'm just not going to do it.
We got too many, first of all, we got some paranoid people in the sports department who, you know,
you think that they're not busy doing enough other things.
And secondly, it's just not worth a hassle.
I mean, I think a pretty good job for six years over there.
I think I'm understating it.
And if they're happy with what's going on, then I'm happy, okay?
I don't need the extra work, believe me.
Well, you were so much fun.
I mean, now it's so fun.
I did have a lot of fun, huh?
No, it's so dry, you know, everything.
Well, I don't let's not get into that, okay?
I mean, you know, whatever it is it is, but they got some problems over there.
It's just as dull as the ganking.
Be nice now.
Would you please don't start ripping Joe?
I mean, it's true, but don't start ripping.
Listen, have a good day, and I want to call my friend Margaret Duschback.
Okay, pal.
Have a good one.
10.54 at WIOD.
Now we got two open lines in Dave County, but both in Palm Beach or a lit, I want you to do.
Okay.
I don't want you to start feeling, you know.
751 WIOD in Dave County.
No, they like it when I can barely speak at all.
They like that a lot, and probably a lot of lines will start dropping off.
Couldn't they think I'll have to talk a lot.
But talking like this, it's not no problem.
Oh, good.
No pain.
Yeah.
No strain.
And this is all you're getting today.
In fact, you notice it's kind of like in a lower register.
Here's a mobile in the Palm Beach line.
Hello.
Hi, Neil, I'm glad.
Yeah.
Sorry, not feeling too well there.
Yeah.
I'm just going to go.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
And a pleasure meeting you said today.
Very exciting.
The thrill of my day.
What is it?
Actually, that night I had the pleasure of meeting the mouse.
He was in Miami.
Morton Downey, your buddy.
Uh-huh.
Come on, Neil.
Talk to me.
Well, what do you want me to say?
Well, I don't tell you.
I brought up your name with Mort.
Yeah, what do you say?
It goes, uh, well, he just nodded.
It was a nice evening.
He didn't want a evening bed.
He tried to behave himself the whole evening.
It was a charity event.
So, uh, he behaved himself.
He's the ugliest man I've ever met in my life.
And I think he had those warts removed, didn't he?
Oh.
What was it?
I say I think he's looking pretty good these days.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
His warts.
No, he did.
What do you laugh at about it?
He had all these grotesque warts all over his neck in his face.
Did he really?
Yeah.
And he finally, after he made the first 40 million,
I guess he decided to have him removed.
I don't know why it took so long.
Well, he's got problems with it.
He's got one big eye and, uh, in the middle of his forehead.
Right in the middle of his forehead.
Anyway, just called it, I hope you feel better.
Okay.
And it was fun meeting you on Saturday.
Bob, it was exciting for me.
Next time I'm going to dress a lot better though.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Bye now.
See ya.
Next time I'm going to borrow a, um, very large dress from Shirley.
Ha-ha-ha.
I don't believe that.
Is that a joke, Nick?
Is that, is that really happening today?
Surely, tweeter, you betcha.
Oh, yeah.
No, you can't come close.
I mean, if you had a, I don't want to say it.
I mean, Shirley's, Shirley's, um, I don't know.
What's the word I'm looking for?
Oh, be careful now.
No.
I can't wait to meet her.
You never met Shirley?
No.
Never.
I don't think so.
Is this going to be a day that I'm going to remember for a while?
It'd better be nice to her, okay?
Of course.
She'll give you a left to the neck.
Ha-ha-ha.
I'm not going to go up against her.
And you'll be on the moon in about 10 seconds.
I'm over here at this.
Shirley is, I think the one word I would use to describe Shirley is militant, okay?
Militant.
Okay.
That's probably fair.
I mean, she has her moment.
It'd be a really nice person, but she just is obsessed with this militant thing.
I don't know.
I'm not really sure I know exactly what it is, but it's militant.
She's going to come in probably in the last few minutes of the show to say hi to you.
Oh, she's not.
Oh, maybe she will.
I don't know.
I haven't said she's in a long time.
Yeah.
We used to work together.
Well, not closely.
Well, 1057 at the UIOD.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
655WID.
Tamarack.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Hey, do you want to hear it?
Is it sure that you're from Rochester?
Yes.
Let me ask you something.
How come you're a Maple Leafs fan?
Why didn't you become a Sabre fan when they got there?
Or were you gone?
Because when I was there, Buffalo was in the American League.
And obviously, you know, being from Rochester, I don't think I would be a Buffalo fan.
You are an Amherst fan?
Yeah.
How about them Amherst?
They're the ones that I've ever year.
Are they?
Yeah.
I don't, I never, we don't, where do you find that out?
USA Today has the knock-and-hacky league recall.
Did you ever go to Letchworth State Park?
Yes.
Yeah, I went to Brockport State.
We used to go there like that.
All right.
Yeah, man.
I hear my guy, here's a guy.
Now, you should be taking notes on this because the birds going to upstate New York
to summer on vacation.
Where's he going?
I don't know.
That's a pretty big place.
I mean, up here.
Well, he's going, he's going to make the whole tree.
He's going to start in Fredonia.
And work his way up to Dunkirk and Tana Wanda and she to walk up.
She's going to go to the Bill's training camp.
He's going to spend a couple of days in Leroy.
Uh-huh.
And boy, it's a shame worth the end of the hour, isn't it?
Miller's port hangout and Ronda Koy for a few days.
And Fricks wrap it up with an eating fest to Don and Bob.
Hey, Neil, give me your predictions for the NHL finals.
Oh, I don't know.
I don't know.
What's the Maple Leafs got to blue that game on Sunday?
Yeah.
I just kind of lost my enthusiasm.
I'm afraid the Canadians are going to do it this year.
I tell you, it's going to be the Canadians and the Oilers without Karevki
and I'm telling you, man, they're still awesome.
Yeah.
Alright.
They are awesome.
OK.
How about those Maple Leafs, huh?
Who did I got?
Your owner has your owner about 110 years old.
Harold Baller.
You're going to get me living Tama.
He died 70 years ago and I forgot to tell him.
Melissa and have a great life back.
OK, Neil.
I'll see you.
See it?
Maple Leaf Gardens in the gondola with Foster and Bill Hewitt.
Foster died a year ago but Hitt didn't stop him.
He's still doing the games.
Uh, we got an open line in Broward 524, WIOD.
And at Vocalign is open.
I bet you'll call him today.
He'll never let me down.
278 W.I.O.D. I don't think he showed up by the way on Saturday and he didn't call me yesterday
I'll be hung up on me Monday. What a douchebag you betcha come on veg just get it together
Buddy things are not good. That's correct as somebody used to say oh I used to have this caller years ago things are
I like that. Yeah anyway. He was kind of like this guy that river Phoenix is I don't what is that anyway Henry
Barrow standing by Henry who has turned into instant formaldehyde this morning is standing by and bomb in the W.I.O.D.
Newsroom and we'll come back with our number two eleven oh five. Don't forget Steve with Shirley Peters at two. I am in shock
I'm Henry Barrow News talk radio six ten W I O D
News talk radio six ten W I O D presents Neil Rogers to get a touch and talk call seven five one W I O D
and day five two four W I O D and broder or six five five and two seven eight W I O D in the form beaches other areas
Make all collect the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station
Now here's Neil Rogers on News talk radio ten W I O D. Yeah, that's what happened you go wait
You're out sick for a couple of days
Now he's even getting calls off the air from Atlanta
How do you like that? You wouldn't go on the air. I don't know. What was that all about?
Um, remember that picture I got last week a Jasmine guy. Oh, yeah. Oh, that's a person who's
Saga me. Ugly Jasmine guy from a different world. And she just I'd called her to thank her
Mr. And she just called and she she works at one of the TV stations. Do you think that River Phoenix is going to be caught?
Now they got married. Is that right? That's the room. You think he's going to be calling Martha Plimpton. That's his new wife Marty
That's a good idea. I'm serious. This picture is shocking. You ripped that picture. You were so in shock if Henry could see this picture
He go out and see grandma boon for about ten hours. I want you to take a look at this Henry
I want you to come in here and look at this. We'll get Henry's
Yeah, well Henry's been through it all. He's seen everything. He's heard it all just hallucinations, but Henry's seen it all.
There's River Phoenix on the right and his new wife his new bride Martha Plimpton and we want you to reach which? Yeah.
That's what I said. We want you to reaction. Now what's the story which is which I guarantee it will be on heralda within two months.
Whoa. Yeah.
Shocking Henry looks like he just saw I better go have a drink. Yeah. Now I have a story. I'd lean off out of the new store.
Henry you should hear this because this this will interest you now. The headline says
Ed McMahon was so blitzed he couldn't remember Johnny Carson's guests claim ex-Nanny. Okay now he's a bud man. Yeah like Harry
Ed McMahon sometimes got so drunk he had to be carried up the stairs of his Beverly Hills mansion.
Some nights he was so sourced he couldn't remember who had been Johnny's guests that night.
McMahon's yeah is shocking isn't it. McMahon's fondness for drink has been revealed by a former nanny who tells of her four months with the
McMahon's. The man best known as Carson Sidekick spends his spare time drinking bottles of high-priced wine and watching TV
especially his own shows the tonight show in star cert says the nanny. That Ed.
She says Ed's drinking usually began when he got up around noon. There would be more to drink in the
stretch limo that took him to the tonight show studios about 3 30 in the afternoon. Then any claims
66 year old McMahon would start drinking again when he slipped into his limo after he did the tonight show.
He had sipped his way home arriving back at the mansion about seven and then he would continue drinking
through the evening. He'd get pretty drunk two or three times a week she says sometimes I'd ask him
who was on that night show and he couldn't remember eventually his wife Victoria told me to stop asking him
it was obviously embarrassing for her Henry can relate to a little story for Henry this morning.
He was that you were talking about. Oh boy eight minutes after 11 at WIOD. Oh look at this we got the
we better run that break a little early we got five pages of copy.
Open line in date county 751 WIOD. In fact we got three stinking open lines on here every time I got
this problem and they do the same crap this audience. I'm serious I'll start at the top of the rack
alphabetically and we'll play every you know we must have 300 cards at least easy in this rack
and play every stinking one of them. I really will. Miami hello sounds good to me. Yeah.
How are you doing guys well I know how you're doing. Sorry to hear your voices in at the park.
First thing I wanted to send to antique kind we really get a kick of that out of that show every Saturday.
Oh yeah it's it's a wonderful guessing game which is which is older the thing they're calling
about at the color. Wait a minute he's going nuts here next door again well somebody put him in a
straight jacket this guy is just out of control here next door and we already simply be sitting here
and feeling the whole room is vibrating it's like the end of the where the guy is nuts today he's
out of his mind probably rent that room out of the figure. He's got those speakers are vibrating on a
wall to the point where they're going to just like bounce off and go into orbit. They charge for
that at this keyboard. They can they can forget about the the cap up there they can just give
everything a Scott and he can bounce it off the wall right into space okay guys nuts. Oh there
it went again okay go ahead I'm sorry. Anyway the original reason I was calling was that
River Phoenix Martha Clinton story. Yeah. To show you how wonderfully. What is she?
Well that's that's neither here nor there but to show you how wonderfully accurate those
those newspapers are they said that her father is George Clinton. Her father is Keith Kerrney.
Oh. Clinton is her mother's name. Well there seems to be a lot of confusion there you know.
You can imagine a lot of gender identity crisis in this. So you can imagine how how much
the rest of that story is true. Yeah. But yeah I agree with you when she was 15 or so yeah that
was that look was cute but she's getting older and it's questionable now okay anyway you take
care of yourself. I'm trying. Good show. Bye bye. Now intermittently here I thought he had stopped
here next to her. Intermittent really. He's going crazy. I mean that I how long we've been here now
tomorrow be five months. Mm-hmm. Am I right? Yeah. Mars are five month anniversary by the way so send
a lot of presents. And you know there have been days when it's been allowed but he's just he's
gone through the nut house today. Is he on doggy uppers? He must be listening to the promos they
do on GTR where they turn it up and piss off the neighbors. Did they really say that? You never
heard that? No never they play that all the time. Do they? Turn it up loud and piss off the neighbors.
Sure that's one of their big ideas over there on pottymouth radio next story. He must have
boisted. He did. Yeah. Well I don't know if he's pissing off the neighbors but he sure you're doing a
real good job on us I know that. We're the neighbors. Yeah. Yeah. Where's GTR? Mr. Rogers neighbor.
Well it's that time if I can get through this it's going to be really good. It's all right.
12 minutes after 11 at WIOD we have an open line in Broward and one in Dade by the way just
mentioned that in passing because the audience will like a bunch of douche bags to tell okay.
We've been telling you for the last few days about Citron auto and John's auto sound and all the
great things they can do for you in your automobile. Here's a Neil Rogers WIOD special for this week
only a complete overall enamel paint job for cars only just 299 bucks when you mention Neil Rogers
and you won't find this quality anyplace else. This isn't some kind of a schlock paint job. This is
a super duper quality job just 299 complete also a special Neil Rogers price on all window tinting
just 79 95 complete perfect with the hot weather on the way and of course with a lot of you wanting to
do loot and lascivious things in the privacy of those tinted automobiles okay and don't forget
Wednesday is senior citizens day every one over the age of 55 gets a 10% discount and Thursday is
junior citizens day every 154 and under gets a 10% discount and every day is insurance day of course
at Citron here their locations there is Citron North in the North date in Southwest Broward area
47th Avenue in the Palmetto Citron South in the South Miami Cutler region homestead areas at
US one and 186th Street and John's Auto Sound for those of you in a Hollywood Pember Fort Lauderdale
areas at 441 North of Pember Road call for an appointment and be sure to pick up your unbelievable
bumper stickers at Citron Auto and John's Auto Sound. Now more with Neil Rogers on New Thought
Radio 610 W I O D please hang up and try your car again please hang up now this is a recording
it's 16 past 11 at W I O D you notice how we've had a lot of response to Johnny Dark's question
about Joan Love it and Terry Merriman we also had tremendous response about Stan walking off
Lee Fowler show yesterday after only 10 minutes so as usual the audience is really in tune with
what we're talking about here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir Neil how you doing just great good
good to talk to you I enjoy your show however sometimes you drive me crazy last week I was listening
to your show and I wasn't able to get back in I went out of town but you were talking my go on
vacation so a place called Jackson Hole Wyoming yeah and you started to cut it down let me ask you
have you ever been there no you know that's what irritates me about your show Neil sometimes
you talk about something you don't know what the hell you're talking I have been in Wyoming sir
well I have to have been to Chek'en and I've been in the Jackson Hole the two you can't compare the two
yeah Chek'en is like the armpit of the world um Chek'en Hole is beautiful yeah yeah so why do you cut
things down when you don't know what the hell you're talking about well I apologize okay oh okay
just like that I stand corrected gosh I was hoping to get a nice argument with you
well I don't have any voice so I can't argue with you today sir so no matter what you say
how you're right yeah well my friend I enjoy your show thank you so okay in spite of it all right okay
okay bye bye I don't think Jackson was the first part of the word he was looking for it
we have an open line in date county 751 WIOD here's Lou from Philly yeah we're here we got a
couple big holes in Philly too yeah I know this nice found one week in Miami to stay seven days
and it's been great listening to your program this an old bowel wows are really did it for me
came down for a week to do a little plunging happen at the high alia yeah playing around the sun
out there at the holiday in in Newport picked up your program and it really added to my week's
vacation but I got back in Philly and it's depressing this is my first day back on the job I had
to listen to Alan Burke trying to get people to quit smoking on the year to talk about ponderous
but the thing that Alan has the greatest success with you know along those same lines is getting
people to quit listening everywhere that he's been he's been very successful at doing that
well occasionally I'll tape his program then when I want to take a nap in the afternoon I put it
in other words you're calling from Philly right now right now I'm here right now I'm so excited
probably listening to us too uh up that he's close man we're dying am I I needed a fix I that's why I
called up I just had to get back into the groove great but uh I got back to my office my I find out
my secretary I come into it's it's raining cats and dogs here I get into the office I find out
my secretary is scheduled me to go to the dentist at 10 o'clock I mean it's it's been a real bummer
but I wanted to thank you for old bowel wowser bowel hour bowel hour at least say it right okay well
I mean if you catch the ticket at least get the horse ticket and listen I doubled up on man to stand
but you ran he ran a nice second we so we give it on well man of stand was going to win the race but
then with the sixteenth of a mile to go he walked out yeah just couldn't hold on yeah and I
listened to the birch program yesterday I really enjoyed those the old jingles back from the early
I did too because I was sleeping like a baby it was great I uh but you know you got a great show
down there and you know really made the week for us where we're we're came in with three paternity
brothers and we did the uh Lord or Dale thing in early sixties and so uh we you know we really
got into the nostalgia but those jingles great okay well listen say hi to herb homer for us okay
yeah herb you know I'm going to see this afternoon is um Dominic Quinn oh yeah we go to the same
health club all well that's great he needs it believe me he's 110 years old good talk it to you see
you wow 20 minutes after 11 at w i o d I bet you didn't have any calls from Philly yesterday no
no one mr hot shot well we did hear from pinsoot oh seven five one w i o d that's where that
out of town line is open and Dave now and we got a call from Davy dammit I'll be damned hello
hey what's up is this billy bob now this is bob baby bob billy how you doing how you doing hey uh how
come you cutting down the land of braves because they suck what hey they one last night no they would
lost 10 to three pal uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well let me look in the paper look at the
paper again yeah hey um I need a favor from oh wait a minute wait a minute that was Tuesday yeah you
looking in the wrong day oh it doesn't even have to resolve in here in this Mickey Mouse's sun
center doesn't even have the final score just as night game you should get the my mirror and
lana one eight to four yeah well i'll tell you one thing deal murphy this spring was hitting 125
so and he's the only hitter they got on the team so what does that tell you uh they got Gerald
Perry yeah like I said now he Gerald Perry hits for average but he just uh not a not a run producing guy
you know yeah I think they're in last place again this year I think so hey so uh uh I used to drive
and i remember about four or five months ago you said you were going on a diet what happened
i've lost 38 pounds pounds oh 38 pounds uh uh uh back i'm eating my Nutri system spaghetti
and meatballs right as i speak to you sir oh okay uh i need a favor from you yeah can you call
my no i don't sir i don't call anybody anything if you want to call somebody a douchebag you stand
up for yourself and do it okay brad jim and rani you're all douchebags excellent job thanks a lot
couldn't have done a better myself bye bye bye
how's your sandwich today looks pretty um it's not bad ponderous i'm just eating lunch while you
guys you know rehash the braves and everything i love people that call up and defend the braves that's
welcome to sports talk junior where it's 22 past 11 and and also a lot about the cubs too oh yeah
i mean forgetting whether you're interested or not but it just no matter what i've talked about as
always they have uh even Johnny dark can't get a response about Joan love it or Terry merriment that's
surprise must be those horny guys out there in the audience who are always doing a heavy breathing
must be they must uh had a lucky night last night or something can't believe that one comment maybe
they ran into river and marty i like that marty i swear to you if you saw this picture did you see it
oh wait till you see if you can't get over it if they aren't on heraldor within two months i'll be
shocked get the april 11th star page 15 is it in a bottom right hand corner color picture and if
you can figure out which one is the guy we will pay you serious money okay if you can figure out
which one is the guy i wish i guess if i got the right spot out now we'd be in good shape right
it's 11 23 at w i on day i don't i don't know if my voice is going to get any worse today i hope not
because this is about them you know about as low as it can go and we've only got these one thing
i like about our continuity now we got these 45 minute spots for every account now this is what i
like anyway i think we can condense it right oh good by saying if you've been watching tv you
noticing all the specials for seafood restaurants lately um all i have been you know very limited
hours on certain days when the french canadiens are looking east and all these other restrictive
kind of thing this does on for three minutes before you get to the spot exactly but we don't have
to mess around with all the preliminary is because we can tell you there's one seafood restaurant
that doesn't try to lure you in with limited offers that are only good you know between suckers
and poor them and stuff like that and of course we're talking about shells shells serve the same
great seafood day after day week after week at the same grade prices that have made them Miami
and Fort Lauderdale's favorite seafood restaurant for the past two years running so you stop in soon
at any of the five stop floor to shells and find out how great a true floor to seafood experience can
be and how much more enjoyable it can be when it's served up at dockside prices anytime you want it
every stinkin out of the week okay that shells and there's one near you in sunrise on university
drive just north of sunrise boulevard and in north Miami Beach on 163rds reaches a quarter mile west
of this cana in the closing line they say shells is a nightly shell abrasion and I was wondering
the other day if Ron St. John we're doing play by play for the Miami Heat how would he say sitting
on the bench it's 11 25 at WIOD now more with Neil Rogers on New Thought Radio 610 WIOD okay it's
11 27 at WIOD what is this about Marlon well this headlight as he moved in with Marty and the river
see the headline in the star Brando waddles off movie set 1.4 million dollars richer that's the
headline Marlon Brando looms larger than life on screen it says in the star too large for his own
liking the site of his cellulite on celluloid so upset the sensitive superstar that he waddled
off the set of his new movie now plans for the movie Jericho which was to have been all these big
stars are walking out now stan and this was going to be his first starring role in 16 years has
come tumbling down it says unlike Brando's weight the frame is frozen at a formidable 300 pounds
despite his attempts to diet but he made him 1.4 million off the picture Brando's weight problem
dog the film from the start movie bosses constantly nagged the overblown star to diet Brando the
balloon it says got so deflated he would go on eating benches then disappear and sleep for days
director donnell cannell the actress old friend was left disgusted over the 18 months it had it had
taken i bet your partner it took 18 months to prepare the film it's 11 29 at WIOD where we have
i'm telling you won't hear these stories on this no no way we do have an open line in
broward 524 WIOD 524 Marty and let's go to Miami hello
what kind of a phone is this i can't hear anything you're saying you're like you're on
different world barely hear you i can't hear you don't doesn't he understand then he
get the message you're gonna have to call back pal look at that right down the middle now we
got three lines open but i tell you folks here it happens every time did i say that the other day
on Tuesday yeah every time i guarantee what day is this Thursday yeah if i didn't have the
flu every line would be lit and they'd be talking about Joan love it and the Terry merriment and
they'd be talking we'd have the cubs people calling in oh boy and but boy no matter what it
make ain't even what i talk about that's what harry was doing all night why why can't i do it
if it's good enough for harry it's good enough for me he was i'm telling you he was so out of
it but i guess um nobody saw it so they can't respond to it 11 30 at w i o d we have an open line
in date 751 9463 i if it gets to a certain araspiness then he starts sounding like Larry King
corral springs hello hey nil yeah you found a lot better today oh yeah you should just stay
home if you're not feeling too good oh oh nil what happened with stand on the set yesterday uh he
walked out and we're trying to find out from somebody who heard it well every every time we get
these palm beach calls there about boring stuff on jn o and pbr and when we ask about something specific
it's like they've all got locked up okay well i didn't know stan was going to be on the radio
yesterday well i said to his day but he was in washington and his wife had a cold or something i
don't know an infection and they couldn't get back till yesterday so they postponed the show for
a day and he was on for ten minutes and the other guy started getting abusive during a break and
evidently want to get into a fist fight or something and stan told him to stick it where the
moon don't shine oh he should have stayed on the air and gotten into the fifth state right on the air
yeah i got a ninety there would have gotten on her aldo probably no problem there
deal i got a little satellite dish store to tell you um my father put a satellite dish in his yard
about four or five years ago and the city wrote him a letter about two years later telling me
he had to remove it what city is that uh palpino palpino beach so he wrote him a letter back telling
where to shove it we're taking it court and that was the last of that really and that's about two and a
half years ago well good for your dad well that's where it stands and i know my dad is listening
right now he's trying to fool everybody by saying he doesn't but he's hanging on right now this is
your son talking okay Neil okay great story pal talk to your layers bye
1132 at w i o d we have an open line in them with date and one and broard seven and five on our
poll question today is there anybody alive in south florida and i think we've already got the answer
don't we well in honor of our next spot i'm just not going to pay any attention the phone i'm
getting really really disgusted with them okay pay notes and i think johnny dark had a really cute
little question there me too and we could add some fun with that but this is not a fun town these
people are a bunch of uh dead heads okay and this w i o d audience man remember me talking about
that a couple of weeks ago we still have got a lot of work to do yeah it's gonna take probably
till 1991 just to get some of these people out of the coma that bill smith put them into possible
really some of the people are still sitting out there in their chairs and haven't moved when was he
on about two three years ago yeah they haven't taken a breath since he was on the station last time
to whatever steps you want if you have cleared them with the pontiff everybody say his own
career layers on doing the fighting and riding
get in line in that processional step into that small confessional there the guy who's got
religion i'll tell you if your sins are original if it is try playing it safer
drink the wine and chew the wafer two four six eight
climb to tramploops then she ate and get down upon your knees and all with your rosaries
bow your head with great respect then take a cross on your abdomen when in Rome do like a
ronman our ve Maria she's good to see you can't stand against body driving and doing the
back and around
okay the reason we're playing that is because Tom Fulrey is coming very very soon as a matter of
fact actors playhouse down in kendall the what do i mean it's coming day oh that's right tomorrow
the reviews were yesterday and today but the opening is tomorrow through the 23rd of april
and performances will be Wednesday through saturday eight p.m. Thursday saturday and sunday
matinee's at two p.m. and tom fulrey of course is like a collection of all of tom layer is clever
in the popular witty satirical things okay from the fifties to the mid seventies and i've got them
all on record down there in the thing there i'm an of course if we could ever cart some of them
up we'd play more than just a Vatican rag that's the only one we have here on cart all we could play
some of them on record too i guess couldn't wait during the days to come so if you're a tom layer
fan who just want to have some good laughs you reserve your tickets by calling the box office at
actors playhouse at five nine five oh oh one oh don't forget tom fulrey a musical in travaganza
words in music by tom layer starts opens officially tomorrow at actors playhouse tickets also run
sale at all ticket master outlets again reserved by calling the box office today five nine five oh oh
one oh now more with neal rogers on new stock radio six ten w i o d
we do that just for johnny dark it makes them feel like it's still in the business
we still have two open lines i'm telling you you felt really i really mean this you people are
just inhumane they're sadists you know i mean we don't need all the lines that all the time but
wouldn't it wouldn't you feel better if you felt that the audience knowing that you can barely
eke out a squeak wouldn't you feel better if you had the feeling that they care enough to send
their very best yeah and they don't know never they never have we have an open line and date
at seven five one you know what's going to happen if i keep talking like that the bill smith
come back point and beach hello point and beach oh boy we missed a goody there davi hey what's
going on in the up yeah what's it i'm sorry you're not feeling too well but i you know i was
i was listening to sports talk Friday night right and you might have some competition coming
up because i got to tell you Hank Hank Goldberg and Joseph Gekki are screaming two of them together
just absolutely unreal i want to tell you a sports talk really tick me off the other night they had
these two two of these local local sports writers from the newspapers on and it was after the opening
game on it was Tuesday night and i had watched the game and it was one of the most exciting opening day
games ever seen my life and michauliam is pitching for the first time ever for the cubs had the
bases loaded nobody out in the ninth inning cubs had five to four and he struck out the side including
michauliam and i forget who the other guys were but it was just an incredible performance and they're
going on talking about how michauliam sucks and how bad he is and how i'll never get anybody else out
and you know it's so typical of this time and nobody in this town wants to give anybody credit
for anything yeah that's unless they're on the yankees of course yeah you're absolutely right
to everybody's too many of them are running new york douche bags of the yankees lose every game
the rest of the year by a minimum of ten runs a game
i know a lot of people down here like the eight you few of us don't like them either so it all works out
so anyway so i'm listening to hanket joe and they were talking about a multi multi player trade
that was going on it was like fourteen players going four different ways and i forget who the teams
were and everything and and joe says jeez says for that kind of trade he says you really need a
computer and and hankel looks at your hanket turns over to him and says he says well that's because
you're Polish Joe right and and the home night was like that i mean they were just absolutely hilarious
yeah you gotta watch out you gotta watch out there funny guys i'm watching out have a good one okay
are you gonna watch out wow boy now that call sums it up today out that's quintessential
boy oh boy and it's thumping again that story saying a thump again
wow if i would have had any idea i know i could have called in they could deliver the copy to my
house like you can do the spot in my house okay there is an open line in palm beach six five five
w i o d he's starting to really piss me off over here you know he's really starting to get out you
know how loud you have to have it he's not on the ear there are a lot of people including me when
i'm playing music on the ear i like to have it loud because then you get into it you know what i'm
saying when you're a disc jockey you play your music a lot of people do they play it real
out they like to get into the music sure he's not on the ear he's doing production
you know what i'm saying how much do you have to get into that oh man
eleven forty one at w i o d where we lie a lot let's go to Miami hello
hello yeah
hello let me try one more time w i o d hello
near yeah if you want to go to radio yeah why don't you turn around this is a sports call no let's see
no it's really amazing what now this is going to be a uh uh don't love it call no you want i say
sports hello if you were to see the way the news the way they sent america sent through destroyers to
attack a ran
whoa here here here here's the perfect card to play after that call we play this
perfect card to follow up on that last phone call
uh
ladies and gentlemen we are experiencing technical difficulties please stand by
one moment please
we will return to our regularly scheduled program momentarily
you stay tuned is this perfect or what
we expect to resume normal broadcasting shortly
be sure to stay tuned for jeopardy
haha
i think i'm already in it it's eleven forty three at the ui o d the thrill of a lifetime here today
ladies and gentlemen we have Palm Beach Line open at six five five w i o d
see the only way to get around this throat is keep lower and lower and lower i know i know
Miami hello no yeah how you doing okay my throat sounds as that is yours now you hear about those
two-american space ships on the way to Uranus
that was pretty good i think you guys were a little bit off on that call yeah uh by the way
near the john levy was on the ship yeah that's right she's gonna take care of him single hand
always a john levy was on they were taking him back home don't love it and more he put that
i know i know just control yourself go ahead sir oh anyway hello near hello bird this is Evan
and the chronic this week yeah Evan called while you were out yeah um i was wondering i know you
don't take requests you know that's correct but the bird can't seem to remember the sound of
sinus sounds of sinus yeah do you remember that song that parody that you guys played yeah no there's
one called runny yeah no you played that yesterday yeah no no never heard of it oh well now what does
his day have a now you asked me and i didn't hear of it now you went and i asked me oh no didn't hear
so what do you think um were you hallucinating no i just think it's slipping everybody's mind okay one
day you guys will come across it or you guys erased it no i know i never i never heard of it oh by the
way i've got a cbs fireport for you i was watching wise guy last night and they said something on
well wait a minute wait a minute i want you to get this okay yeah nika just typing me a note
scott will cooperate and so will gtr on their monitor levels and his he is typing that
the thumping was starting again here to my left okay
what why is this day i feel like it's um you know like a Jewish holiday why is today different from
many other day monish taana halalah as it pays off already it's been pretty close they must
be celebrating early okay i mean every other day they seemed at most of the time they seem to be
able to get through their day without driving us out of the studio oh that's scottie guitar
driving the Arabs into the sea you know i don't understand it maybe what's his name is over there
the militant what the hell was his name you know who i'm talking go ahead now i'm surrounded by
people in a coma go ahead okay cbs last night during wise guy the militant is really you know
what who the hell am i thinking of i don't know go ahead i'll get no idea
you know that show wise guy no okay well it's on cbs right now they're doing a thing on the radio
business the music business you may want to dump this but last night the guy was describing
uh country singers he said on tv they said that well why did you repeat it when you know i had
to dump it i mean if they can't say it on tv why would we but they able to say it easy i
understand but why would you say it here when you know i got to dump it in that pretty why
thought the sensors might have like uh screwed up yeah um oh well Neil have a nice one i think
oops don't ever call again okay it's 1146 at wwwd yeah micha's studio is quiet that's true and so is
this new one over here is deadly quiet there's not a peak coming from there and there never will be
we should live so long there'll be anything going on in there okay we're really picking up some
steam now are we at 14 till noon at wio day steve today is got a show i don't i don't know what to do
yeah i want to do what is the scream or eat the taquita banana is big beautiful or is it revolting
nauseating and a real turn off i think the latter part is definitely true fat is grotesque okay ugly
and of course former w's news host Shirley Peters says big is beautiful and if you don't like it
stick it in your ear as Shirley is want to say now it says if you don't like it it's because your
prejudice show vanistik douche bag hmm well is is being fat only a women's thing how about fat men
is just as ugly as fat women good question good question go ahead now i take that back fat women
most of the time are uglier because they got like more folds in more different places okay
no not my or kahane the the former minister of defense not moisture moisture dye moisture
pooping no the big fat guy the one that um poota no one has a clue manachem bigens minister of
defense the one that wanted to go in there and bomb everybody except the Ronald Reagan what the
hell was his name you don't know who i'm talking about i think fat rich has been putting on this
Jewish guy for years it's 12 minutes till noon at wio d in fact when he had his bar mitzvah he crossed
himself so i don't know what that means right now you can get out of the habit you don't have to
just go along with the crowd and continue eating that fast food you know why they call fast food
junk food because it is exactly exactly and you know the food at charade is fast i mean relatively fast
sure not quite as fast but it's not junk it's great it's made with the finest ingredients never
any preservatives or additives and everything is cooked fresh right while you watch it's a
mahales they say in west Germany it's a real pleasure to watch them cook right on the grill well
they're big into that charade boiling over there and you're going to love those juicy delicious
charade boiled burgers and hot dogs and Italian sausage and the charade boiled chicken it's like
natural it's so that chicken breast right on the grill and there's nothing ladies like having
your breast right on the grill at charade there's seven soft Florida locations they all serve Coca-Cola
products now too and they even have those exactly Ariel Sharon oh thank you so much this is Louise
and they also have those unbelievable bumper stickers at the seven south Florida charade locations
in market for Lauderdale sunrise Tamarack Davy Hollywood and Miami now more with Neil Rogers
on new stock radio 610 W I O D 1151 at W I O D good morning Americans it's Thursday
Lonnie Anderson ordered two thousand dollars worth of English flannel diapers for little Quentin
no disposables for Bert Reynolds baby aren't you glad to know that while people are starving to death
on the streets little Quentin is getting a new flannel thing on his tush every day wow
cute let's go to plantation hello hi Neil bird yes I love Terry Miriamon I didn't see the re-refer Phoenix
picture I don't I didn't listen to W J N O's I don't know how to stand I like the brave because they
keep the fillies out of last place I got my bumper sticker to wait a minute the braves and
affiliates are not in the same division no but in the long run in the long run they're in the national
lake right yeah keep them out of last place I got my bumper sticker charade sunrise I'm from
filly I've been to Cheyenne and Jackson Hawaii I mean I don't care about Shirley Peters I'm
I'm Brad Marl and Brando's fat and rich and I want to call myself a douchebag is that about covered
that's one job listen Neil when you're on that TV show current affair or whatever
inside stirring whatever same difference yeah same thing was Nick the guy in the in that
two oh that was Roger oh he's cute isn't it godly oh what what is that the next is yes
oh he's also very insecure why is that well if he thinks he's ugly he's just trying to be
agreeable see if he would have said no then you just said he's you know he's disagreeable he's
trying to be agreeable and you know not a hard time he can't wait huh well I whoever that was on
that was very cute but anyway I'm listening okay look I know this real good optometrist for you okay
I already go but I need to do it I think so listen um so I covered everything Johnny dark and
uh-huh say goodbye goodbye Neil seven till noon at w-i-o-d taking office pools to see how long I can
make it today yeah we have two open lines in date of course seven five one w-i-o-d and one in
brownered at five two four w-i-o-d moving right along why is it on the days when we don't give a
damn about anything to do with pombi tradeo we get all these stupid calls about dick fero and
this one and people that we don't care about that nobody in date of brown cares about and on the
one day out of the year that I'm curious because I talked to Stan last night he called me and I'm
just curious to find out you know what really went on yeah what happened what they say nothing
there absolutely nothing dear field b hello hi there yeah it's a miracle and it's also long
distance for once I'm paying for it all right this is the RF guy you know the one that told you
you're gonna get cancer but don't hang up on me oh yeah okay why 100 spy report you're gonna
die on this one uh-a athlete's foot was doing a uh-a spot for I guess it was low jack and
really yeah and he gave the phone number out he said call 1-800-330-th-i-n for low jack
come on yeah laugh at that hmm was it not funny and then like they tried to like blow it off a
couple minutes later and laugh about stupid things like they always do huh but uh anyway I can't
I'm gonna tell you something I could be getting some valuable stuff
all right come on I'm using high school is this uh well I hope so for your case
yes this is uh this is deadly I'm paying for this one okay well listen thanks much
1155 at w-i-o-d hollywood hello hello Neil yep bird um sorry I don't know anything about Stan in
west Palm Beach you know the one good thing about the audience today nobody knows anything about anything
I mean anything listen I got an idea about your vacation yeah can't catch a cow in Mexico
and if you go there let me know how much it costs I heard it's pretty cheap because uh
supposedly American dollars two for one there or three for one yeah and also I'm from a real small
that's obvious yeah well I live in hollywood now but I used to live in a small you know I thought after
the last call I didn't think it could possibly get more ponderous but man this call oh god I mean
you're a wonderful guy don't give me wrong but you got like a genetic thing in your voice
you know what I mean no I don't know what you mean okay go ahead play it
huh no they're just a certain tone in your voice it's very soothing you know
let me try to guess what town I'm from it it's near Marshall
near Marshall what Michigan oh Albion now it's there it's that'll creek it's small it's in between
Michigan it's east of Marshall and south of Albion real small cold water
concord oh concord yeah you remember that town I sure do yeah have some great memories of concord
Michigan oh yeah I bet if you blink you missed it okay well listen thanks a lot pal you've
been a tremendous caller and call us again about circus of 92 okay 1156 at WIO day we have an
open line in bruh I'm serious there's a thing about the audience of this radio station I don't
know what it is but I'd say about 95% of these people sound like they're on mill town don't they
today lately yeah no I mean for the last few weeks now I don't mean just for today for an hour for
last several weeks they sound like they're on some very very heavy um downer doggy downers
Cooper City hello no yeah how do you like the golf stuff I think you knotted off already hello
hello yeah speak to us sir come on we know you can do it he's he's playing with the radio or with
something are we're gonna do this all day sir we could go till two o'clock and do this we could
pre-empt the news I am talking to you douchebag get with it law man there's no plan with the
see ordinarily I'd hang up on you but I'm enjoying your stupidity so much actually come on pal say it
again hello I bet you this caller no zalim me too it's from Cooper City that's probably what it was
concerning yeah nothing now they're still there oh I know just trying to um hello get it straight
down if I can say that on a radio don't forget while we're waiting for the Cooper City call to get
with it yeah Gary get me something to drink yeah give me something to drink Gary hey listen we're
gonna put you guys on hold because you're so good okay okay and make it non alcoholic Gary you
sound real young to me you know what I'm saying like about 97 I what line is that on z on four
that's on four let me make sure I come back to four okay because I don't want to miss a single word
the Gary and uh Marty probably it's Marty yeah maybe even river is over there kind of a plan
pivot man on a basket ball team anyway speaking of that is big beautiful as the subject on the
Steve Kane show today as we continue with our while it's kind of like we're trying to revive the old KAT
you know or is it revolting nauseating disgusting rotesque and embarrassing the answer of course
is yes however former WS news talk hostess Shirley tweeters never one to be confused by the truth
we'll be here today to tell us that big is beautiful and if you don't like it it's because you're a
prejudiced chauvinistic douchebag Cindy of course is a member of overeaters anonymous we'll be here
to tell us that being anorexic is really where it's at or something like that I don't know so
and they're probably gonna be throwing like uh lots of balls at each other too during the entire show
so tuning for that big fat mamas on a cane show today from two to six only on wio d
wio d playing the fourth water day of top talk with Steve Kane the saptin unit two on news talk radio six and
wio d
