I five and two seven eight WIOD in the fall beaches.
Other areas make all collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or scholars are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on New Sock Radio 610 WIOD.
Yeah.
Isn't that a great way to come back? I've punched it up. It's not cute up.
And it still isn't playing.
Boy, this is great. What? You got it open?
It just keeps stopping.
Oh, my good friend Neil Rogers.
It might not be as bad as everyone says.
Oh, man, that was great.
What a way to come back.
Well, it's interesting to see nothing has changed.
1006 and WIOD.
And you've got to get this little frog out of my throat and I'll be okay.
Got that in Rome?
Mm-hmm.
Boy, do I have stories to tell you about Rome?
It is so hot there and they got no air conditioning.
So do I?
Like if we had no air conditioning here.
All you people that tell these stories about Europe, first of all,
you don't know what you're talking about.
Okay, they always say, well, I don't use a lot of soap over there.
They don't shower. They don't have a lot of hot water and all this other crap.
They could take a shower every 15 minutes and it was just thing.
Okay?
Because there's almost no air conditioning.
And they're all walking around and they got these shmuckers in there.
They were washing the perspiration off their head over the same.
Oh, yeah.
Just like we would see.
Yeah, it is.
You man living here with no AC?
Well, it was the same thing.
But anyway, I had a great time and most of it was an Amsterdam,
which is an incredible place.
The only thing bad about Amsterdam is the food.
The food is so bad, man.
And no, everything has no taste.
They got all these pizza places and you go in your order like little personal size pizza,
which they don't slice up, by the way.
They just, which is okay.
I can handle that.
And it looks great.
And you cut into it and you taste it and it's no taste.
Oh, no.
You use no seasoning or anything.
Every, in other words, the pizza tastes like the chocolate milk and it tastes like the
soup and it tastes like the potatoes bland.
But it's a great place.
No father's in play.
Well, I guess they have too much other excitement and other parts here.
Well, I said they prefer the food is just like the stay alive.
But boy, talking about stay alive, if you ever go to Europe, I want to tell you something.
Don't rent a car.
And I didn't because all the travel books they don't rent a car.
And I did not do it.
And thank God for that, man.
The way they drive over there.
You think the driving is bad here?
I don't know how they stay alive.
There are no, they're like no lanes and just all over the road and they go wherever the
hell they want.
And in Amsterdam, for every car, there's like 10 bicycles.
All these people are on bicycles and a bicycle drivers are worse than the people of the car.
So they got these little bells.
Ding, ding, ding.
And boy, when you hear that coming, you get to hell out of the way because they're not
going to stop.
And the streets, most of them are real narrow.
With no sidewalks or very little sidewalks.
So you're walking down the street and you develop a sense of when a car is coming or when
a bicycle is coming, you develop like a six sand.
And man, they're like crazy.
They just go like a bat on a hill.
And in Italy, it's like a free for all.
My cab ride from the airport to the hotel, which was the worst ride of my life, an hour,
okay?
55 minutes.
It's 100 degrees like on the side.
There's no air conditioning in a stinky little cab.
The cab driver is wiping his forehead.
He acts like he's about ready to pass out.
And he gets into the city.
And there are no lanes.
There are no rules.
And then there are roads where the traffic converges from like six different roads.
And there's no rule.
I mean, just to first come first serve.
And they've all got these little tiny subcam-packed cars.
Nobody over there drive a car.
All this crap about big European cars.
Maybe out in the hinterlands where they got highways.
But in the cities, they drive all these little tiny sub-compact cars.
And it's incredible.
Anyway, what the hell am I talking about?
We got Europe.
I don't think I'm going to make it.
I know.
I mean, as far as getting everything in, I got so much stuff to talk about.
I can do the whole show about the plane trip back.
Nine and a half hours from Amsterdam to Orlando.
Listen, I got a very nice lady who's my travel agent.
I've never mentioned it on the air.
She's a groupie.
I'm sure she's listening now.
She's wonderful at a great time.
I don't want her to get hyper.
But she booked me out of Orlando and back to Orlando.
So I wouldn't have to go through Customs in New York.
She said, everybody says Customs is sell.
Customs is nothing anywhere.
They look at you.
And they said, go ahead.
Maybe one out of every four or one out of every 10 people they stop.
And they check even in Italy where they've all got oozees.
They go ahead.
Get lost.
Well, where do you think everybody from Amsterdam
going to Orlando is going?
I think you can guess.
There is a plane full of people with screaming little kids.
So in the thing they're going to see Mickey Mouse.
And I would say like 95% of the people on that plane
were from Amsterdam or from Europe.
They were not Americans.
So they're all tourists.
And they're all going to see Mickey Mouse.
And they've got these screaming little kids.
And sitting next to me on the plane is a woman from Lebanon
who's got her little crying, kicking, screaming kid in her lap.
You know how they let little kids sit in the parents lap
on her plane now?
Would you like to be against the law?
But they let them sit in their lap.
And this kid is kicking me and stepping on me.
Oh, I've got to find a car just a second now.
And of course, every once in a great while,
well, not so much every once in a while,
every five minutes.
I can't find it.
I can't believe it.
I thought you said you had these all in alphabetical order.
I do.
I don't know what you're going to say.
This is a hell lot.
I'm looking for that little sound effect
that we play all the time.
Oh, here it is.
Yeah, so like every five or 10 minutes
this little kid is sitting on a lap and,
and there's a little bit of a problem.
And then he's got a bag, a huge bag of stale potatoes chips.
You know what, rancy potatoes?
No, I can't help it.
I'm like, how bad they smell.
Nine and a half hours, I'm sitting next to this mess.
And on the other side of me, here's a Dutch couple
and they got their two little girls
about three and four years old.
And the one little girl is fine.
And the other one is a professional troublemaker.
She's got to sit with her head to the,
everybody else's face to the front of the plane.
She's got as a face to the back to the road behind her
where these two little girls
and she's taking their toys away
and making them cry and making them scream.
And the parents of the other kids
are looking at her like they want a killer.
And her parents are like, oh, isn't she cute?
Nine and a half hours of this.
Don't ever fly from out of the country into Orlando.
You'll regret it.
Okay, they're all going to see Mickey Mouse.
Sure.
Every European little brat, every spoiled little kid,
every crying, belching little kid is gonna,
and then she changes the diapers in the seat.
Okay.
She takes the kid to the bathroom, okay?
Which is a good start?
And you think if she's gonna change his diapers,
she'd do it in the bathroom, right?
Wrong.
She brought, I don't know,
God only knows what they did in there,
but she brings them back to the seat.
And we're in the bulkhead.
Thank God, which give me a little bit of breathing room.
And she takes them down on the floor
and pulls the pants down.
And these little girls sitting across
in the middle section of the plane,
I was like, oh, what's that?
What's that?
Oh, God, it was incredible.
But I had a great time.
I come back and all these incredible changes going on.
They didn't I say they always wait till I go away.
And you come back in a home market,
it's like in an uproar.
Everything is changed.
What do you mean a little?
Well, I'm two major, three Monday van on this van,
you know, not much on the other van.
Well, there's not much on the other van to begin with.
And I got a thing here that Dick Fawler
Lee sent me, he's looking for a job.
Art Dick Fawler.
He had him on the year when I was going.
Oh, I got a lot to say about some of the people
you had on the year when I was going,
oh, good.
Anyway, I would want to tell you about Toyota
of Hollywood right now.
And if you're looking for a great deal
on a beautiful Toyota, you know,
I pulled into a lot this morning.
It's like you're all these Toyota's in his parking lot.
Have you noticed that?
They're like everywhere.
And if you want one of those great Toyota's,
the place to get it is Toyota of Hollywood.
There's the number one Toyota dealer in the entire South.
These because they do this job.
1016 at W1B.
Let me give a little piece of advice, okay?
If you've got some money saved up,
and you want to go on a trip,
and a lot of people still haven't gone on vacation.
Right.
Go to Vegas.
Go to Hawaii.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah. Don't go to Europe.
I had a great time, but I would never go back.
And a lot of people in the audience would say,
why didn't he parry us and you didn't see it?
It's all the same.
Okay.
In fact, when you get back to this country,
in spite of all the things that bug me about this country,
like you got the TV on there that went,
then we got from the president.
And the mind was idiots.
It's like on such a different level.
They live a very off-steer existence over there,
compared to the way we live.
In fact, an Amsterdam, which is this,
why it's a fun place.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
It's a great city.
But they dress like from hunger.
All the young people were these like oversized dirty jeans.
They went out of style like 20 years ago
that are two sizes too big.
They brought in the Army Navy Eagle store,
or something like that.
And in Italy, they dress from hunger.
I mean, of course, there would be no point
in putting on good clothing,
because if you look at it about an hour,
they'd be soaked anyway.
It's not the first way you can wash your clothes
while you're wearing them.
There's no meaning to the expression wash and wear.
I'm serious, man.
In the summertime, in August,
they close up the whole city.
Yeah, that's right.
Everybody goes away.
Mm-hmm.
And even like, when I was there in July,
and all year long, from like one in the afternoon till four,
is like, yes to tell.
Yes, that's great.
Everything closes.
Because I guess that would be one of the hottest of all.
And they try to find somebody with a fan,
just a wave and a little bit of air around
to do something, keep some circulation.
I will say this, the food in Italy is great.
Outstanding, as opposed to Amsterdam,
where like I said, it's no taste at all.
Nothing is any taste.
Zero.
You know where I ate a lot of meals?
I hate to admit this.
But yeah, McDonald's.
Yeah.
Because they got to make Donald's in a Burger King
right next to each other.
McDonald's does about 10 times the business, by the way.
Really?
Packed all day packed.
And I was American, either with Amsterdam.
And that's what I ate.
And you know how I feel about some of those places.
But boy, at least I knew I was going to get
a little bit of paste.
In fact, I got a strawberry milkshake,
and I just savored it.
I think in real salt, because it had some taste to it.
Exactly.
Boy, it is incredible.
But anyway, Amsterdam, like I said, is really bizarre.
And of course, you hear all these stories about the houses
of prostitution and about the red light districts
and everything.
I got this for you.
If you can't get laid in Amsterdam,
without going into that area,
and there are really two of those areas.
You've got real problems, OK?
Because they're like thousands of people
milling around.
All hours.
And like the later it gets in the day,
the more people are like walking around.
And on every street, walking and walking.
In fact, that's the best thing that happened to me
is that I didn't run a car.
First, I would have got killed.
And secondly, when you walked that much,
I didn't gain an ounce.
And even though the food wasn't that good,
I had several meals like 10 meals a day.
But you'll walk forever over there.
But these houses, a prostitution,
are like just regular houses with big windows.
And they have these big, ugly, big,
breasted women sitting inside the windows.
And I mean, ugly, most of them very ugly.
And they're sitting there like in their underwear.
And they smile as you walk by.
And they don't do anything.
They just smile at you.
And they point down here like you got any ideas.
And they're ugly, man.
They're horrendous.
And they're in the two cedeous parts of that town, boy.
Horrendous places.
So if you have any ideas and go over there,
don't, that's not the place to find it, OK?
You can find anything you want.
Every block has got sex shops and live sex shows
and sex this and sex that those people are obsessed.
You're even doing it while they're on those white shops.
That's all you think about.
That's all you think about.
Anyway, the plane trip back, like I said,
was the longest nine and a half hours of my life
with this little kid in this woman's lap.
And he keeps ticking me and kicking me and stepping on my feet.
And I just wanted to reach over and strangle him.
I don't know.
And then you look at your watch.
I can't sleep on a plane.
I can never sleep on a plane, please.
And I keep looking at my one thinking,
oh, look at this.
Only seven and three quarters hours to go now.
So seriously, have you ever had a time
like when you thought I'm just not going to make it?
Oh, not going to make it.
I've got like seven and three quarters hours to go.
They're chewing on these stinking potato chips.
The kid is doing all kinds of stuff in his pants.
And it smells like a toilet in here.
Like I'm sitting in the lab train.
And I got only seven and three quarters hours ago.
Oh, man, was that some thawada at horrors?
And on these, I don't want to say which earline.
OK, I don't want to get anybody up set on the first day back.
But on some of these airlines, they make a big deal
out of first class as opposed to the rest of us peons
who are sitting in tourists and coachs.
And they call it business class.
And they have these curtains that they draw
because they're going to feed them ferns.
And they don't want you to see them eating.
That's right.
I guess it's their idea of being gentile or gentile or something.
But they don't want you to see that the other people are eating
while you're sitting there starving with nothing to do.
So they draw these drapes in cross.
And they have these things that they put up in a ear
so you can't see up in there.
That's right.
And then some of the people who are desperate,
they're lined up to go to the john in the back of the plane.
And they want to go and use in first class.
And they won't let them through there.
When the wind out when the blinds are closed, man,
you can't go away.
They'll let you go on the floor before they will let you go up
in there and use the business class.
So it's a big, exclusive kind of thing to them.
Nine and a half hours.
So the interesting thing in Rome is that you get out
like in the middle of the city.
And I'm walking down to try to find USA Today.
The two things that saved me over there
were CNN International, which they had an Amsterdam on TV,
which is basically the same as what you get here
with a few little things thrown in in USA Today.
All over the place for only three gilders,
which is like a bucket of half for a newspaper.
But anyway, in Rome, so I'm walking down about two blocks
from my hotel to try to find a newspaper
that I can read that isn't an Italian.
And by the way, if you think you can, if you know Spanish
or French, if you think that's going to help you with Italian,
forget it.
It is the most bizarre language.
I picked up a paper.
Like I could pick up a paper in Spanish and I can read it.
And I understand most of it.
I pick up a paper and I'm reading a story about the racetrack.
And the only thing I could understand was the name of the horse,
which was friendly face.
It was the only thing in English had the name of the driver.
I couldn't understand one other word in the entire story.
So I'm walking up the street to get to the newspaper.
And here's these guards, these military kind of standing
with Uzi submachine guns in the middle of the street.
And you find that everywhere in Italy.
It's all over the place.
They don't bother anybody unless you look at them
cock-eyed and then they shoot you.
But it's a little bit strange, a little different.
Anyway, there are all these changes going on.
Let me do a break and then when we come back,
oh yeah, so much stuff going on in town.
I was at the track yesterday with Bill Calder
and we made a modest deposit, nothing too exciting.
Oh.
Guy, I know you won Friday.
I know you won Friday.
I won on Friday from May.
I had thought I'd cashed yesterday.
I had a couple of perfectes.
I had to double, but I just didn't play my cards.
Money management.
And my problem too.
Went upstairs, we saw Phil Salzman and Bob Harnes
and the Dirk Ackerman was up there
with his near Rogers bumper sticker.
And who else was up there?
Bernie Giffman.
I'm glad you went up that's nice.
And Nick Gonzalez and Freddie Thierry
and Lester Green shirt.
By everyone.
I missed Lester when I was out there.
I couldn't find Lester.
Yeah, I looked.
I couldn't find.
34% at WIOD.
Music True Video has the greatest deal on CDs
and sound floor to nobody has got such a great deal.
Music True Video is the swap shop for CDs.
This is really a great idea instead of going out
and wasting a lot of money
and building a gigantic, expensive collection of CDs.
Anyway, so the first thing that happens
when I turn on the TV in my room at Amsterdam,
the first thing I hear.
You don't come any better than Hank Goldberg.
Who's that boy?
I wasn't saying that.
But yeah, because they carry that CNN stuff.
And all the like crossfires on there,
all the shows, Moneyline, Larry is Intermash.
Yeah.
He's all over the world.
Like a disease.
Good Lord.
And the fact it was a guy,
it was in the elevator,
which the first hotel I stayed in Amsterdam was so bad.
It was so bad.
And it was under construction.
And the one in Italy was under construction.
So on those days when it was 120 degrees
and you wanted to stay in,
because it was air conditioning, you hear.
It's kind of like being in here.
Yeah, right at home.
Great.
But anyway, he was on there
and he didn't interview one day with Fred Rodgers.
And it was so bad.
It was incredible.
It was unbelievable.
Well, I know what it was.
I was in, I had my USA today with a sports section folded out
and I'm going down the elevator in Amsterdam.
And it was an American woman.
And she's like vending her head to look at something
on the sports page.
She said, how did the Cubs do the other day?
What?
What?
She was from Chicago.
Oh, okay.
She was a cub.
I knew there had to be a logical explanation.
And the amazing part of it is,
of course, I was seeing the scores like a date of late over there
and they did great while I was away.
Now I've come back and they've lost every game since I've been back.
So I think I'm going to go away again.
Oh, I didn't know.
They don't do well when I'm here.
Yeah.
The meds, by the way,
aren't doing so great either.
I don't want to get into a long thing on this today.
I'll wait till tomorrow.
Thank God.
But it looked like the meds are right there tied with the Cubs for a second.
I'm going to have games behind Montreal.
Did I say Montreal was a team to beat?
I think I said that.
I didn't know they were still playing.
Anyway, oh yeah.
One other thing about the track.
Two other things about the track yesterday.
We're standing down on the third level,
which is like a ritual.
Bill Carter and I've got this routine that we go through
with the track besides losing.
And one of the things that we always do is before the last race,
we go down on the level where you get your valley parking thing,
which I'll talk about a minute.
Jimmy the geek is standing there watching the TV.
And he's rooting for the two horse.
Well, I got sucked in on this two horse in the last race also.
They were betting it and it looked like the horse had a little class.
And here's Jimmy, of course, who's got the inside scoop.
And he's rooting for the two for the so far back.
He's at the top of the stretch right now,
answering for oxygen.
Even though I had the two, when I realized that Jimmy the geek had him,
I was glad that it was back to the stretch.
He said, come on, at least get something.
Get something.
He got something all right.
It's worth it.
Yeah, it was great.
Anyways, so we pull up to the valley parking in Colter yesterday in the Corvette.
And I get out and it's like this icy cold feeling in here.
You know, like the temperatures just drop 15 degrees.
And all the valley parking kids are standing around.
I hear a couple of people saying, oh, that's the arranges.
You know, and I thought, boy, I'm going to get lynched right here in the valley parking thing.
So I've changed my whole added, not because I'd be intimidated,
but because I realize that most of those kids are honest, okay?
Although they got a whole bunch of new, I don't recognize too many faces.
I guess you can't be a valley parker forever.
Not a lot of future.
No.
I valley parked Friday. I had no problem.
So anyway, when I left, even though I had a very minor losing day,
I lost like 20 bucks, which to me, I was out over 100.
So I made a big comeback.
And so I figured that's a big winning day losing 20 bucks.
So I give the kid a $5 tip.
Not 50?
Five.
No, somebody, I don't want to mention Colter's name,
because he said on a year this morning, you know, $50 tip, okay?
$5 tip.
And I'm going to start doing that from now on.
I'm going to encourage people to give good tips
if they're car still in one piece.
Okay.
Like minimum two bucks.
Okay.
Okay.
Fair.
And like if you have a decent baby breaking, give them five bucks.
And if you win a few hundred, give them ten bucks, okay?
So I'm changing my whole tune about valley parking.
Because some of them still look pretty good.
Anyway, it's 1031 at WIOD.
I want to give you some of these changes that are coming up.
We got the book coming out on Wednesday.
Wednesday.
Okay.
Boy, is this exciting, huh?
We got food coming every stinking day this week.
Denny Bird comes in here this morning.
And we got food every single day.
The man is out of his mind.
We got pineapples, which is a new sponsor coming in today with the natural food.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
We got Arnold's tomorrow with his great cheeseburgers, pizza loft on Wednesday.
The Spice Apple on Thursday, which is also new, and wings plus on Friday.
What do we?
So we got food coming every day.
So it's a good thing I didn't go crazy in game any way.
Anyway, we got some big changes in the market.
And I know that the Renerey having these big numbers.
He's not paranoid about Bill Calder.
No.
Right?
So if I mention that Bill Calder is on QAM in the morning and Bill is a good friend of mine,
he's not going to get upset about that because Renere has been number one in the morning for years.
And he, as long as he wants to be, he still will be.
Right?
I think so.
I do.
I think so.
Why do you say it like in such an insecure way?
Do I get supposed to say, of course, he's sounding better than ever to me.
Is that sound better?
He is, honestly.
You don't say that like you mean it.
I mean it.
I do mean it.
Better than ever.
I wouldn't say it if I didn't mean it.
Okay.
No, I just, I don't disagree with you, but it's just the way you said it sounded so insincere.
But anyway, so there's a change of QAM.
And of course Dick Fodderley is sending out resumes.
I've got one.
Now, sure, as I go in right here.
I'm going to get this frog out of my throat from that cold.
Luckily, it was not a, it was just a little head cold, but it basically settled in my throat.
Can I say that?
Mm-hmm.
And that's, and I've been taking all this expectorant and decan, like I can't think of the name of the stuff.
Is that the whole tasting of something?
The name of medicine.
It's an expectorant?
Yeah.
Is that really it stuff?
Yeah, that's the name of something.
That's the name of something.
That's the flame out.
You know, and it's just, there's just a little bit in there and it irritates the hell out of me.
Yesterday I couldn't, I couldn't talk too well at all.
Yesterday I was choked up from being at the track.
Anyway, it says, a billboard personality of the year, image building specialist and one of America's best commercial voices.
Oh, geez, now where's this card?
Is it under F?
Yeah.
Fatherly speaks.
As in something?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's an Ozone provocateur.
He's immediately available to want to sound for his finest broadcasting properties.
Richard W. Fatherly in Margate.
So if anybody out there is hiring, Dick Fatherly is available and ready when you are.
Okay, he's ready to do it.
Okay.
You had a money in here?
For an hour or even.
For why?
Well, it was not my idea.
Whose idea was it, Sharon?
And...
Sharon's wonderful, but Sharon's got nothing to do with this show.
Okay.
So what I...
Nothing to do with this show.
But what I did was we talked about...
I mean, I see what Keen's guess is today.
He's got enough trouble with that show.
Okay.
Without messing around with this one.
Well, what I did with Fatherly is we talked about O.K.A.M. F.U.N.
and when he was at F... he was at F.U.N.
He was more than F.U.N. in like the 1960s.
Can't you picture that?
Can you see him doing talk-ups?
Oh, man.
So we talked about Q.A.M. and F.U.N. in the 60s.
And everybody seemed to get into that.
So that's what I...
I did.
I kept him talking about that.
Dark kelp is out.
And I got to play all...
I got to play all the old Ricky Tiki air checks
and all the old jingles and stuff.
So we had a fun time.
We fed him, you know, Jeff from Pizza Loft was one year.
You're on the queue.
WQ-A-L.
Yeah.
56 of the dial.
What do you number one in your car?
Now, with 25 minutes.
Commercial free music jazz.
We call him Super Jam.
Oh.
And we're out today.
A Saturday day with Dave Bridget,
Downbridge, Rineric Taylor,
Johnny Dolen, and Cedric Alleywood.
Whoa!
For Jam's.
25 minutes of commercial free uninterrupted music.
Completely.
WQ-A-M.
Miami.
Pfft.
1035 at WID.
By the way, I want to say this.
Magic.
They made a comeback.
I don't know what happened,
but all weekend I've been listening to them.
The music is great.
Better.
I listen to them on the way to work.
What the hell happened over there?
Do you think they were listening to us?
Oh.
Music.
Big improvement.
Big improvement.
I don't know if they were listening.
I will tell you this.
Records that I've heard before.
I want to hear a lot of nilies in that building.
Really?
Yeah.
And I listen to them on the way to work this morning.
I enjoyed it.
And it was good.
Okay.
So anyway, we got to do another break.
I'm not used to this.
You'll get used to it.
We have to do another break.
And then we'll come back and talk about the big changes.
In fact, this could be our last week,
because we've got some heavy duty competition coming in,
especially a WS Newsman.
WOLD is going big.
Competition.
Some stiff competition.
And I mean stiff.
That was the name of the horse in the last race last night.
Stiff.
Stiff.
Stiff.
I think it was wishful thinking.
I look at the speedcane today in honor of my return.
As another one of these homosexual shows, welcome you back.
Dr. Roy Masters from his ranch and organ,
by phone I assume.
Or maybe just the window.
I believe so.
Oh, geez, I think so.
And Bob Prince,
who's only making his 82nd appearance...
this month on a game show.
Okay?
Geez.
And a special guest appearance by atheist John O'Neill.
Some other real good route of contribe controversy and debate on the Steve Cain Show this
afternoon or two.
Boy, is it a pleasure to talk about Wings Plus?
We got to wait all the way to.
Okay, 22-11 at WIWD.
I can see we're already starting in wherever I go.
Next for production just came in and turned it down to 40 degrees.
Not, I don't know what he turned it down to.
Just what I need is a little pneumonia.
Am I breaking it up?
So, just getting rid of this thing and he's going to turn it down to about 32.
Anyway, ladies and gentlemen, big news in the marketplace, big news.
I mean, even more incredible in the fact that Bill Calder is at 2 a.m. in the morning
from 5.30 to 10.
I don't want to get a reneary upset.
But like I said, he's not insecure.
He's not concerned about that.
Is he?
I'm not.
I'm sure he's not.
I hope not.
And if he is, I guess, so let me know tomorrow morning.
Yeah.
He's not concerned about that.
Let me look.
We talk about everybody else in a marketplace.
We're not paranoid on this station like some others are, okay?
Not to mention any names.
By the way, notice that Zeta's still on the air.
Yes, same.
Same.
I got in my car at the airport and the first thing I did I turned us on and sports line,
sports talk was on.
And I thought, well, that's great.
Could be any time of the day we're talking sports.
Yeah.
Oh, that was good.
I think the frog just jumped out.
I hope so.
And then I punched on Zeta to see if they were still in the air.
Same old.
Same old.
And they were playing the CCR.
I thought boy, that's great.
I feel comfortable.
But anyway, WFTL, which some of you can pick up on your pop up toaster.
Not me.
I can't pick it up.
Is going head to head with WIOD.
All talk.
Yeah.
Is this shocking?
What is this start by the way?
It's a surprise.
It's a July 24 next Monday.
Mm-hmm.
And WS News, of course, I got that out of the, well, I've already heard about it because
Colbert gave me all this inside information.
You know how he gets it?
Mm-hmm.
Well, part of it, he talks to Lee Fowler all the time.
Oh, my God.
Either battery on a way back, he drove through Palm Beach and he had the window down
as far as I could.
And he had to follow through the window.
But here's the big article this morning in the hero, WNWS revamping its format.
You know what this is like?
It's like taking a deck of cards and shuffling them and changing them over and over, rearranging
the same old, tired faces and voice, dog-heared cards.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, there's nothing new.
The same old, tired crap.
Alice, when does this start?
Probably Monday.
Oh, July 31st.
Oh.
FDL gets this jump.
Jump.
They get to jump nice Monday.
This is Halloween.
Both of you out there who can hear FDL.
I'll tell you when FDL is great, when you're driving, is it on 95?
Yeah.
Or is it on the turn?
No, it's 95 because that's where the stick is.
Right.
It comes stick on the turnpike right by the first by St. Rodin E4.
Is that the...
That's not rockin' big daddy.
That's up in the homeroom.
It's not FDL.
What is that thing?
Because we fade out when I'm driving home every day.
Really?
For about 8th of a mile.
There's a spot where everybody else fades.
Yeah.
Go by somebody's tower.
It's right at St. Rodin E4.
Or is that...
Maybe that's the FCC monitoring.
So that's not there anymore.
They moved at the veerow.
I don't know.
But there's something there.
You hear that?
Of course I hear that.
What is that?
I don't know.
It's like somebody's got a little thing.
Like a little ball-peam hammer and they're just like noodling around somewhere.
Just to irritate us.
Yeah.
By the way, you haven't seen Cheryl with my check yet, have you?
I just mentioned that in passing because it's almost 11 o'clock.
Shouldn't I have two checks?
Or did they make it into one big check?
I don't care how many there are just as long as it's the right amount and she gets
it in here real soon.
Or did she come back, huh?
When did she come back?
Week pass Monday.
Great.
Okay, so the 24th, next Monday, WFTL, Bob Gordon and co-hosts.
Oh.
But it doesn't say who the co-host is going to be.
Mystery co-host.
Mystery sidekick.
Blind Mike?
Excellent guess.
Yeah.
I don't want to talk about blind Mike.
Okay, Friday, I'm listening to Calder Show.
In fact, I must admit that I made a little crank, not a crank call, but a phony voice call.
A little friendly call to Calder.
And at the end of the show, his last call was blind Mike.
I turn over to this station.
Your first call is blind Mike.
Okay.
Now do you understand the meaning of the word chronic?
Busy.
All the people I don't ever want on the air again.
This guy puts on the air.
Everybody who just the worst in radio.
That's right.
The worst.
And Joey Reynolds was in here.
Yeah.
And Stan Major was in here twice.
Twice.
Once doing a beauty show, beauty content.
One suit show.
Oh, he brought some friends.
Yeah.
Everybody loved it.
I don't know.
He brought some friends.
You can't understand how many friends.
Anyway, Bob Gordon and Coho, 6 to 10 AM, light-hearted, up.
Now this is the FTL sheet.
Propaganda.
Yeah, this is their propaganda sheet, which is typewritten on real sheet piece of paper.
And it says WFCL Radio 1400 AM.
We want to give them all a chance in the world, so we're going to give you the frequency.
Oh.
And if you're in Dave County, you won't hear it.
No.
I haven't heard them in years.
If you're in Broward County and you're in certain areas, but especially by the tower.
Yeah.
When you drive right next to their tower, open, is that it?
I think it's right.
And a boom in.
Yeah.
So if you can find a good parking space like off the side of the road, you'll, it'll come
in great, especially at night.
Now, wait till you hear who's going to do night.
Oh, God.
Wait till you hear who's, you know, you don't know who's going to do night.
Oh, wait till Nick hears this.
He's going to, I swear to you.
Oh, it's Waves.
WAVS is the one by the turn.
Oh, it's that.
Is that religion now?
Yeah.
That's another one you can't even.
It's another one doesn't show up.
Anyway, anyway, all right, listen to this.
Bob Gordon in the morning, it says, lighthearted.
Hey, Mitch came back.
That's great.
Good to see you, Mitch.
Lighthearted, upbeat way to start the day with variety and entertainment, pattern, comedy
bits and the best in MRR adult contemporary music.
Okay.
What?
I'll get to it.
It's a downing.
You got it.
It's worth waiting for.
Yes.
Yeah.
It is midday.
10 to 2.
I don't want to knock because he's a good friend of mine and I'm not going to say a thing
about him.
Craig worthy.
I'm glad that Craig is finally landed something.
I'm curious.
I don't think he's going to, you know, exactly take our audience away to you.
I hope they do exactly.
Yeah.
But he'll do, you know, something which is more than FDL has done in years.
Yes.
The only thing I'll be concerned about is this.
She here what it says.
It says, topical talk show.
Oh.
National, international, state and local issues, including guests with special emphasis on
listener phone in participation.
No kidding.
No kidding.
Yeah.
Topical talk show.
Two to six PM Mike Roberts.
I have no idea who that is.
Does anybody know who Mike Roberts is?
Never heard the name.
Nobody ever heard of him.
Okay.
That could be blind Mike.
Do you got a show over there?
Blind Mike Roberts.
He's a very good person.
Variety and entertainment pattern.
They're big on pattern.
Yeah.
A lot of patterns.
Part of you is blind Mike.
That's what I'm talking about.
I did not, Nicky's just, just like when I left, okay, in the twilight zone.
I said, do you know who's going to be on at night?
He said no.
Now he writes me a note on the screen telling me the name of the person I was talking to.
Nothing is changed.
It's a shameless, the word for that is shameless.
I'll get to that because I'm going to rip him and ask like he's never been ripped in his life.
Two to six PM Mike Roberts, variety and entertainment pattern with light, upbeat information and discussions,
comedy bits, occasional interviews and listener participation all mixed with your favorite
M.O.R. adult contemporary music.
What the hell is wrong with that thing?
Oh, it's a wrong guy.
So I was going to play, well, they might play that on FTO, wouldn't they?
No.
No.
Yeah, here we go.
This is.
Yeah.
And they might play this?
May be.
Okay.
And then we get to six to seven PM, Joel Wildman's Moneyline.
Oh.
What's got for those money shows, man, they're good for at least a one share.
Hello on FTI doubt it.
It's a very informative upbeat business show with listener phone in participation.
They hope.
They hope.
Seven to 11 PM hold your socks.
Put your seat belt on.
Ernie Sochen.
Very interesting.
Huh.
Topical talk show.
Current and general issues issues with guests and listener phone in participation.
You must be over the age of a hundred.
I'm glad that Ernie finally landed something.
Because he's a desperate, he believes he belongs on the air, which is.
And then speaking of that, now I want to say that Mike Roberts is also the PD at FTO.
I never heard of him.
Me either.
Well, it's a big station.
From 11 PM, here we go.
4 AM.
Here we go.
Now, I want to preface this by saying that this individual is a wonderful attorney.
Okay.
And I'm sure he went to school for many years to learn to become an attorney.
He does have some idiosyncrasies like his obsession with what is that?
What is that?
What is this rebasenful?
I think that my question is when is he going to be a lawyer?
No, I'm serious.
He's going to be on from 11 at night till 3 in the morning.
He's going to be a Mormon.
Kent.
He's going to be a lawyer.
Now, there's somebody who deserves the blame for creating this and his name is King.
Okay.
Steve came, takes all the blame, or at least he should, for a Mormon, Elliot Kent, deluding himself into believing that he's a talk show host.
See, that's one of the things that pisses me off about this business is everybody and their brother thinks they can do a talk show.
And they go on a year and it's embarrassing as hell.
I'm kidding.
Norm is a wonderful guy.
He's a brilliant attorney.
He's not a talk show host.
He's never going to be a talk show host.
And whoever, well, I say, talked him into it.
I'm sure he jumped at it.
Yeah.
But he's going to be in a dream world.
What is he thinking about?
Do you have any idea?
He's going to work till 3 in the morning.
And you know what that nighttime signal is at LPL?
You can't even under the tower.
You can't pick it up.
You have to be inside the transmitter shack to pick it up with a good radio.
With a crystal set that only is tuned to 1400.
And then you might have trouble.
But he thinks he's going to get phone calls on that station at night.
What is he going to do?
Well, I can say to you, man, it's not too late to change your mind.
That's all I'm going to say.
Do as you will.
I know that you're obsessed that you've got the taste of it.
They get a little bit of a taste.
And right away, they want to do a talk show.
Like Ernie.
Yeah.
Ernie was just a nice guy.
When I met him, he used to come on and do biorathems.
He used to sell all those gizmos.
And all of a sudden, he got a little bit of a taste of it.
He wanted to be a talk show host.
He's a great guy.
Ernie.
Yeah.
But that's like, make green.
Same kind of deal.
Anyway, it's 10.51.
Why?
It's makes a nice personal.
I mean, that show is another story, but she's a very nice lady.
10.51, a W.I.A.
Do.
We got another little thing to do here.
Oh, the melting pot.
Well, I've really missed talking about the melting pot because, well, for a couple of reasons.
Number one, I love that grape fondue.
It is so good.
It's just like melts.
Well, I must be why they call it the melting pot.
Oh.
It melts in the fondue pot and melts in your mouth.
Huh.
And when you dip your banana in the chocolate fondue dessert, it just kind of like all melts together.
And you go nuts.
But the main reason that I really look forward to talking about them again is because I, you know, I've been really thinking long in the heart about the imitators, about the other people that like you believe.
And I'm going to say it again.
When you've got something good, you don't have to give it away.
In fact, anybody who would think that the melting pot would give away that great chocolate fondue dessert,
especially the white chocolate with amoreno, you'd have to be nuts.
That's better than sex.
That would be like those women and Amsterdam just, you know, having a sign saying it's free today, you know?
They're not going to do it.
Are you following me so far?
What a metaphorical container.
They're sick.
So in any restaurant today, we're going to give you that they're doing it because they're desperate.
Okay.
Because they're like a third rate inferior product.
Don't accept any imitators.
Okay.
If you want to waste your money, go right ahead.
Be my guest and listen to Steve and go try the other inferior place.
If you want the best fondue in the free world, go ahead for one of the three melting pot locations tonight.
Or any night.
They're open every night, seven nights a week.
They're at 9835 Sunset Drive in South Miami, 3143 Northeast to 160th Street in North Miami Beach.
And the infamous notorious melting pot and coral springs on West Amphorod just east of Pile.
And don't forget, don't accept any imitators or fakers for fantastic fondue.
You head for the melting pot.
Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve.
I was Sandra in the break.
I would look at it as 3 to 6 am MRR, adult contemporary music show.
That fits right in on FPL.
We're here to W snooze in a second.
I was going to say in Amsterdam when I came back the second time from Rome.
And I stayed in a great hotel, by the way.
The gold, tulip, barberson palace hotel.
It's a great hotel, tremendous hotel.
Right, right down by Central Station, in the middle of all the action.
And there are like three or four old houses that have been renovated in this gigantic hotel.
And each room has been refurbished with brand new carpeting.
And my room was split level.
And when you walked in, there was a huge closet and a big bathroom with a phone in the bathroom.
And you walked down several steps into the main part of the thing with the TV set with remote control and the big bed and the mini bar and the whole thing.
It was fantastic.
What the hell was I talking about?
Oh, you were going to try to get some medicine for the whole town.
Oh yeah.
And there's no, they have an Apple T.
Apothecary.
And they're open, I think, for like 10 minutes a day.
They don't have such a thing as a drugstore they were used to where you go in.
And it's almost like a department store and you can get everything.
They have beauty shops, I think they call them.
And you go and you get shampoo and shaving cream and things like that.
In a beauty shop.
And you have to walk.
I found one on the dam rack, which is a big main street that runs through the whole downtown area.
And but as far as fighting like a regular drugstore forget it.
Because the Apple T.
Apothecary carries only drugs.
Or you can go to the cafes where they carry drugs too, but a different kind.
Yeah.
I think that's one of the reasons that they don't care about the food.
They're all stoned out of their minds.
They couldn't taste it anyway.
That's whatever.
Anyway, speaking of stoned out of their minds, WSNews revamping its format.
It says, hopes to fuel competition and talk radio with its new lineup,
which includes two hours of TV news from WPLG Channel 10.
So the thing would seven, I guess, fell true.
It's going to be 10.
And they're going to do a simul cast with Channel 10.
Boy, is that pathetic?
F-5 PM?
What?
I didn't even know about this part.
Simul Casting, one and a half hours of news from five to six thirty.
A Channel 10 spokesman says the TV station will receive no money from the broadcast.
WNWS will broadcast its own advertisements during the TV news.
Isn't that a great way to program afternoon drive to Simul Cast TV news from five to six thirty
in the middle of the afternoon?
All their news people must be gone.
They must have cleaned out that.
And because we're going to talk in the morning, and that's what they're going to do for news.
And the action that all the news people must be gone.
But anyway, this starts the thirty first.
So I guess a couple of weeks I'm going to just chuck it in because I can't compete with WL.
I'm just not big enough to compete with WL.
Once upon a time, I think I was.
But since I lost this weight, I just don't think I'm in her league.
Anyway, the mornings, Alice Randell, oh listen to this, Juan Carlos Coto,
sure has a way with words, doesn't he?
He says, Al Randell, who hosts a hard afternoon talk program.
That's not what I hear out.
From two to six pm, we'll move to morning drive.
Well, he's tried just about everything else.
Okay.
He failed miserably in midday when I had a nine.
He had a what a two something.
And then he went in afternoon and the Steve and Stan have both kicked crap out of them all over the place.
And Steve just destroys him now, especially in demographics under the age of a hunter.
Oh, yeah.
So now he's gone morning drive six to ten am heading up what Dennis Collins calls a blend of news talk,
whether in sports, Randell will still tackle issues with guests.
But the program will be lighter.
How could Alice be any lighter than he already is?
It has more entertainment value.
Is he going to do the show in the year?
Alice will do the show and suspended animation.
Okay, that's how light it's going to be.
And Randell will be joined by sidekick Charlie Meadows.
Really?
Charlie Meadows is the most affected sound.
He's got that kind of like Ron St. John thing he doesn't have.
Charlie Meadows.
Currently a news anchor is going to be the sidekick.
Great.
Is that an original idea or what?
Where do they come up to?
They're going to tackle.
We'll see.
There'll be news from Nick Lawrence, no Nick Charles.
Sports from Al Lombardo and Trafford from Dave Slater.
The change puts Randell up against Kurt A.
A morning drive leader, Mike Rineria, WIOD.
I'm sure Mike is just peeing in his pants.
Yeah.
He listens right now.
Is there a question?
Wow.
And then when we come back after the news break, we'll go for the rest of this incredible.
Like I said, it's like taking an old deck of cards and flipping them around a little bit,
like picking them out of a hat.
Like Tom Birch says the raided.
Henry Barrow ladies, I thought a Henry a lot in Europe, you know,
because they don't drink the water.
They drink a lot of bottled water and a lot of wine, man.
Age, suck up that wine like it's going out of style.
Henry's got the 11 o'clock WIOD news.
We'll come back at 11 o'clock five and we'll eventually get to some of your calls when we're good and ready, okay?
Okay.
WIOD, my name is Fort Waterdale.
Join us for Yankee Bayfall action tonight on Newsoft Radio 6th set, WIOD.
Can you imagine there's refollower jokes about Vimeo Ellis?
No, okay.
Incredible.
In fact, I heard they're going to redo Mount Rushmore and it's between, what's your name?
Arlene Raw and Debbie Ellis for the new one.
Okay, 13 past 11 at WIOD.
We want to tell you about Toyota of Hollywood.
We keep telling you that they gave.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, so 11 o'clock 15 at WIOD.
We're going to miss Bob and Florida, aren't we?
No, wait a minute.
You have a copy of today.
Is that today's law?
Yeah.
I get it every day.
Now, and the law, too.
Now, the entire 11 shows I did, I never had a copy.
Don't you understand?
But you don't count.
I know.
I bitched him on the ear like you do.
You don't count.
I didn't get any.
What even to understand then?
I guess it's a pair of people.
A lot of people have said to me since I've been back.
The bird was fine, but he's got a swelled head.
No, I got no.
Why didn't say that?
I didn't know just well.
You were the scuttle buttoned towners.
That's all.
I got no.
I got no.
I got to do something to this fellow's room.
Well, you've got to develop a certain degree of humility.
Well, that should prove it right.
Part of it should be that you don't get a law.
No.
You don't get much of anything.
No.
I bitched him on my ear.
Some of the people I heard you had on, I think, it kind of fits.
Anyway, it's 1116 at WIJ.
That's a law.
Yeah.
I can't get over it.
I can't believe it.
What?
That it's got all those spots on there?
No, but you have a copy.
I just don't understand.
You can't sell in the O'Rodges show.
That's what they say to that other place over there.
Are they still on the air at WIJ?
Is that still on?
Yeah, they're ripping us.
They got promos on.
People were calling last week saying they're ripping us.
You know, that we're cackling and making all those bizz, they run the buzzer.
Oh, isn't that a shame?
I haven't heard it because I don't know.
I don't want to rub it in, okay?
Because the books coming out Wednesday and they're probably going to go even lower.
But when the book comes in, then you get to scour.
Yeah.
Okay.
Everybody's listed except like the motivation station.
And even they got a couple of parts that they showed up in this last trend.
But in midday and this time slot, the same people who are ripping us, you know,
that they're full that we swallowed over there.
I swallowed it for five years almost.
And I think I'm still choking on it.
That's this frog in my throat.
But anyway, they didn't show up in 25 to 54, which is the only demographic that, you know,
advertisers really care about, unless they're selling prunjos.
They didn't show.
They didn't make the cut.
They had like less than a .5 and 25 to 54 midday.
50,000 watts non-directional.
And their FM, which is 100,000 watts, is in the ones.
It's in the old spit house.
Isn't it?
I think it's in the high ones, isn't it?
Well, I wouldn't have carried away.
Midd.
I don't have a swelled head, by the way.
I didn't say you did.
I said that the scottled butt is that you're just getting a little carried away.
You need to be shot down a little bit.
Carry the weight doing what?
I don't know.
I mean, anybody that would put blind Mike and Paul Harvey Jr. and Brian Epstein on or whoever
the hell like, very Epstein, I didn't put him on.
I did.
It wasn't on the phone.
Oh, on the phone.
Everyday I bet.
Midd.
Well, and you'll never guess who won a race at Calder yesterday.
And we want to congratulate the Gwenda Jackson or Michael Jackson, whatever the hell her name is.
Her first ride, without a whip.
The name of the horse is Ed's Hope.
Of course.
It was out of the gate, lit all the way and won in a desperate, and she had no whip.
Their first ride.
I don't know how many rides they'd go before they get a whip.
Probably feel a little cold.
I mean, it'll give them a good excuse.
But she won her first round.
So she would retire now.
She would retire with a perfect record.
One ever won.
That's great.
When something, Jackson, Jackson, Ed's Hope, you should pay attention.
I was thinking about it, but he had no chance.
You know, see, he paid the money for his dollars or something like that.
You just don't give it.
Okay, it's 11.19.
We've covered the changes in WS News, which I find to be just appalling.
And I think it's going to be one of the biggest jokes in history.
Calderius.
Alice in the morning.
Oh.
Can you imagine waking up to that whining sound?
No.
I won't.
I don't know if it's a matter of fact.
You're into you.
But one Carlos Cotto, going to have one of the best senses you've got.
Yeah.
Who says Alice hosts a hard, active life program?
That one.
There hasn't been anything hard on that program since the day they had Jerry Butler run on the phone.
The poor old guy.
I think that they could have been an exception.
So we got to channel 10 news on Oh God.
Dennis, you're re-done at baby.
You re-know how to do it.
And of course, now what time does it come out Wednesday?
I don't know.
We know.
Is somebody going to let us know?
We're probably getting a little message.
Somebody will run in.
And also, you know what I'm hearing everywhere, but not this album, but I'm hearing D on music everywhere.
Yeah.
Everywhere.
There's a new video on VH1.
You know, the N.A.
The News is.
And the Night Stood Still.
It's great.
Really?
Wonderful.
I played it the other day.
I saw it on VH1.
Oh, you'll never guess who they have on tape on Sunday.
Now what you already know on Waxi Sunday night.
Ricky Tiki, every Sunday.
And he was doing the most obnoxious talk-ups.
He did one yesterday.
A Simon and Garfunkel record.
What the hell record was it?
I don't remember which one it was, but it was the most disgusting.
He took a word and made a two syllable word into like ten syllables, right?
He dragged it out.
Only Ricky Tiki.
Oh, he was disgusting, man.
By the interesting thing on the video.
What's he got to work?
And the Night Stood Still on VH1.
It says, you know how it says the name of the artist and the song and the album on the bottom left and corner went down.
But he says, D on Demucci.
Does it?
Yeah.
And that's interesting.
I wonder what that is, because he doesn't say D on.
I know.
Demucci on his album.
Yeah.
This is D on.
And Mowell, fight out.
He'll call in one of these days, okay?
Good.
Anyway, it's 21 past 11 at WIV.
We might take some calls pretty soon, huh?
Now, that guy on the forest, he's still there.
Hello.
Hello.
Who is this?
This is the animal.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
I don't know.
That's what my name is.
The animal?
Uh-huh, called before you left.
Talked to Bird all the time.
Well, that says a lot.
I just want to be the first one to welcome you back.
Yeah.
Thanks so much.
And you've got to stop ripping on Bird.
He's doing a great job.
I didn't rip on him at all.
Oh, here we go.
You did a fantastic job.
All I said is he had a lot of chronic, and he admits this.
He knows that he does it out of spite.
He has a lot of people on every year.
But I can't stand.
He does it every time I go away.
Cool.
He does it purposely.
It's not by accident, exactly.
But when you left your show, you left it in good hands.
But it didn't Steve came, did it?
Oh, how did Steve show go with all this great villain?
Oh, man.
I forgot about that.
It was awful.
It was terrible.
I thought he was a total jerk to go to the court for him.
Which guy is that?
A guy talking about terrorists.
Oh, Philippe.
Yeah.
Oh.
Listen, that's the day that I left town, OK, on that Thursday.
Terrorists.
I'm driving to the airport, and I'm listening.
You can't understand the word that he knows.
No, I know.
Forget about his obnoxious philosophy.
But you can't understand a word that he said.
I know.
He was terrible.
Well, listen, I really appreciate it, animal.
You've been on there a long time.
Yeah, I've been waiting.
You've called, I said down.
You're already on hold.
Oh, can I ask you one question?
Whatever it is.
What are the char-hut, green-ball coming in?
Boy.
You know, I couldn't have time this better if my life depends on.
That spot is coming up right now.
It is break.
And if you listen carefully, I'm not going to promise you'll figure it out.
Do your best.
Play some jean on for your lunch.
Thanks a lot.
All right.
Bye.
Yes, speaking of lunch, we got pineapples coming at 1130 in about seven minutes.
Good.
So I better do this break.
Here's a little thing from the facts machine.
From Jeff, from people off, they welcome me back.
And here's another thing from Alan's somebody that I can't read.
I wonder if it's Alan from Cooper City.
Alan, you know, that's what I mean.
You did that.
And look at this.
It says, I'm her facts.
It says, Ed everyday makes me cute.
I'll go along with that.
That's cute.
I like that.
Okay, let me do char-hut now.
Listen, very carefully, you already know.
Boy, it doesn't share and look cute.
She has that amstered damage look, although dressed much better than they do.
They don't dress that well over there, believe me.
They dress so badly over there.
I wonder why.
Horrally.
Horrally.
Like I said, if you want to go to Europe as a curiosity,
and it is fascinating once in a lifetime, do it.
But if you want to go, no, I don't want to make it sound like I didn't have a good time,
because that had a great time.
But I'm just talking about people who are planning a vacation.
Go to Hawaii or go to Vegas.
Okay, if you want a long plane trip.
Oh, that plane trip.
Going over there, it's eight hours.
And it's not that bad.
It's long, but it's not that bad.
But coming back nine and a half hours,
and going to Orlando with all those smelly little kids doing all their business,
and oh, I could watch like five movies and nine and a half movies.
They showed two movies.
And I couldn't sleep.
And I couldn't read coming back.
I just sat there and I just kept looking at my watch.
Oh, look at this.
I only got six hours and 50 minutes to go.
Okay, now listen, this is all messed up.
And of course, this is the way I like it.
Pineapples was going to be here at 11.30.
I look at that.
28 and a half past 11.
Perfect.
And they're bringing the food in right now.
Is that great?
That's the way we like it.
That's right.
I mean, I don't want to sound pushy,
but we don't like being promised lunch at 11.30 or 11 o'clock,
and then it has somebody show up at 130 or not at all.
Remember that one ringer?
I forgot.
Anyway, listen to this from the Fax machine.
This is going to get Nick Epiplectic.
Dear Neil, I've complained to you before about Saturday's best of shows.
You said you had nothing to do with him.
I don't.
And I don't want any.
I don't want to be connected with him.
Okay.
So I had it bothered you about them lately.
The past Saturday show, though, was so abysmal,
there was no way I could let it go.
I was looking forward to hearing the re-broad cast of the Dion show,
since I was out of time on vacation when it was originally on,
but Saturday during the first hour they ran part of it.
The second hour was a completely different show.
Then the third hour back to Dion.
That's where I heard the same thing.
Someone told me.
Oh, that it says the mix is they play the hours out of order.
Figures that weekend crewman, they are like brain dead.
Oh, God.
It says it was such an abortion it could have been a topic on the cane show.
It says was that Nick had guy, the one responsible for this mess,
if so, he should switch careers and become a butcher,
because he sure butchered the Dion show.
What a puss.
Well, Alan, I hate to break the news to you,
but he wasn't here on running the board,
so he's not the one that played it out of order.
Speaking of cane, he was ripping standmaid you're mercilessly on Friday.
Is that true?
Was the Steve ripping the hell out of stand again on Friday?
For what?
See, I don't understand that.
There probably come another little message from Nick.
Look at all this food.
This is great.
I probably see a lot of old friends from around the building in a few months.
A couple of weeks.
I wasn't a nice of Gilder come in here and she gave me a welcoming home kiss.
I don't even get that.
And she offered to give me another soda or whatever was incredible, wasn't it?
It says, oh, stand was ripping Steve when he was on Glenn Show
and Glenn did not stick up for Steve.
Is that what's going to be?
Is that true?
I don't say anything.
I let this do.
It's like something in the first grade.
You know what I'm saying?
Like little kids.
I don't remember, but I don't remember.
I think I just let him go.
He was ripping Steve.
A little.
About, I think a little bit.
He was ripping everybody.
Not firsthand.
Yeah.
Okay.
Ripping everybody in town.
Well, Alan, I'm sorry that they did that to you, but I have nothing to do with it.
The best of, to me, you know how I feel about the best of shows?
They should take those and put them in the time capsule with Larry King's checkbook.
Okay?
It's 1131 at W.I.D. Boy, this looks like it's going to really be great, doesn't it?
Yeah.
It gets this frog out of my throat.
We got some soup here.
I don't want to get pushed.
You can start picking it up myself, but I don't want it to get cold.
Oh, jeez.
Don't forget, if you go to Amsterdam, don't get to pizza.
They've got all these pizza places, too.
So you think that they know how to make pizza?
They haven't got any idea.
It has absolutely, positively no taste whatsoever.
Are you going to make a mess now?
You're starting to rip and tear and pull stuff up.
Doesn't it?
Why don't you start out with little soup?
Okay?
Why don't you just relax?
I am relaxed.
Everything is under control.
When you put this down.
You're going to put that on, okay?
Yeah, more important than talking to these idiots.
This could be a little preview of a Debbie.
Debbie, yes.
It could be like Debbie shows going to be.
The Debbie L.A. show is Debbie eats this town out of a house in home, man.
She's going to pack it away, put us the shame.
Not in here.
We can't compete.
No, we can't keep up.
When she brings Larry Kent on to be her sidekick.
Wow.
They're going to have to do the show outside.
I don't think there's a building.
Even the orange ball wouldn't be big enough.
Whatta?
All right, let's have some silverware.
Let's get busy here, okay?
The soup looks incredible.
Oh, look at that.
It's tomatoes who can eat soup.
Looks great.
You love soup.
I like soup.
Yeah.
Yeah, they were going to get Lucy Cooper to do recipes on here while they eat.
Wouldn't that be good?
That's Lucy.
Oh, Lucy!
You're so wonderful, Lucy.
Lucy only eats at those real high-falutin restaurants.
No matter what restaurant you ask, go and have never eaten there.
It's a little too low class for me.
Look at this.
What is that?
Stuffed shells.
Oh, stuffed shells.
Look at this.
Oh, it went nuts.
Look at that pizza.
You believe that?
Good.
There's no answer, Dan, but you can't have everything.
It's not very fun.
Oh, god.
This is incredible.
Anyway, it's 1134 at W.O.A.D., we're going to start.
Did we take a call?
We took the one?
Animal.
That was the only one?
Yeah.
The only one you've taken.
Thank you so much.
This is an incredible spread.
It really is.
Thank you very much.
This is tasty.
Let me get some soup.
This is real tasty.
Oh, that's good for my throat, too.
Yeah, for my throat.
That's right.
Anyway, speaking of good food, let me talk about Trapper's alley if I may.
I think I saw some people dancing.
It all is good.
Anyway, Pineapples has brought lunch today.
It's one of our new sponsors.
They're 530 Arthur Godfrey Road, Miami Beach.
So they're like right over on the other side, you know, up the road of peace.
Great.
And they're open 7 days a week, 11 a.m. to 10 p.m.
And they have all kinds of natural, great stuff.
We need more of those places in this town, you know.
Okay, it's 1137.
What do you got, Sharon?
I call Bruce.
Bruce Lasseter.
Well, I know some people have called him Bruce.
It says, though, folks at Cap City's ABC still refuse to confirm the impending switch to Hot Talk at WLI Chicago.
Word has leaked at WFLA Tampa, afternoon tacos.
Bruce Lasseter.
Oh, I think the long term deal to anchor a major WLI State Park.
Well, that's Bruce the best of luck to you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
22-till mood.
A good day.
Yeah, Bruce.
That's him.
Yeah, that's him.
Yeah, that's the effect.
When he comes on here with Debbie Ellis and Larry Kent, can you imagine that?
They'd have to rent your Robbie Stadium after that.
And Rick Weaver could do the play by play of the gigantic Edoff at lunch every day.
Wouldn't that be great?
Okay, let's take a call or two.
Really? I don't know. I had something else I was going to do here.
Didn't I?
I don't know.
We're eating the food from Pine Apples.
The mitch has got everything under control. He's already got a plate.
Well, this soup is great.
What is this? This is tomato zucchini.
It's wonderful.
It's really tasty.
And it's thick.
Yeah.
I mean, it's not like water. It's got it's substantial.
Yes.
It's got something to it.
Kind of like this show.
Oh, by the way, speaking of shows,
I want to continue promoting this incredible show that Steve has put together today.
Dr. Roy pardon me for being homophobic master.
Yeah.
And Bob Kunst pardon me for being chronic.
Yeah.
And a special guest appearance by atheist John O'Neill, who is rapidly getting into the ranks of the chronic.
Okay.
Sort of to welcome you back.
And then we got the sunny on sports talk tonight.
Yankees in a white song sedated clock.
And that's good.
And that means no bush bing bang.
So that's always a good night.
Okay, 1139.
Let's take a call from Pembroke Pine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
I've compiled a list of things blended while you were gone.
If you'd like to hear what happened.
Now, this isn't going to be one of these sour grapes' tattletail calls, is it?
No, no. I'm just going to set the record straight.
Okay.
First, don't let him blame Stan Major for the swimsuit show.
That was not Stan's friend.
Stan Boyle long.
That was a thing.
It is a tattletail.
One of these.
Is it?
Go ahead, sir.
I like it.
The girls from the swimsuits store called Glenuck and Phil.
And so they wanted to come in and model some suits for him.
Yeah.
He dragged Stan into it even after thoughts.
It wasn't Stan's friend.
Stan Boyle long.
Boy, what a version.
Well, what's the true version?
The true version.
You look nearly, I don't like this kind of sign.
I know.
You look like you would outshout this show anyway.
I don't normally allow these people to do it.
But I don't know this time.
And what's the weight of it?
Well, wait, wait, sir.
You have a complaint about the show, sir?
Well, you're blaming everything that you did on other people.
You're blaming Stan.
Well, you learned that from me.
Now, did you like the show?
Well, huh?
Did you tell him who else was in the show?
Did you like the show, sir?
I know my question.
My first bike.
Yeah.
I know he had blind Mike in here.
I'll never forgive him for that.
A sadist inviting a blind man.
I'm sorry, sir.
When my question, sir, excuse me.
Answer my question.
Was he just calm down?
Why won't he answer my question?
Yeah.
Because he doesn't know what it is.
Power-app-a-plastic.
Would he just relax?
What's the question?
What's the question?
How was the show boring?
Okay.
Two hours of listening to Glenn going,
I'll Boba, I'll Boba, I'll Boba, I'll Boba, I'll stand going.
Interesting.
I'll be able to stay tuned for the entire two hours.
That's fascinating to me.
It was so boring.
It was a loyal listener.
Why didn't you go somewhere else?
Just out of loyalty to Neil, I couldn't change the dial.
I see.
Likely story.
Okay.
What's the next thing?
He's invented a new chronic, the bastard lady.
She called up every day.
Yarrach Baxter.
What did she call you?
She calls on a year now?
On every day you were gone.
Like the struggling lady.
No, no.
This is a younger girl.
Oh.
And we imitate her.
She's a new chronic.
Also just a joke?
As yes.
She was counting down till Neil got back.
Because I know.
Once he's back, I'll never get on the air again.
I'm glad.
I heard Dan Scher, fencing this guy, listen to every minute,
every show.
Leave him alone.
Why you a good guy?
I've compiled a list here.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Fatherly was on.
What a life.
Well, we're eating.
Fatherly was on.
Fatherly was on.
Fatherly was on for about half the show.
Not just one.
Well, maybe an hour.
It was an hour.
It just seemed like half the show.
It seemed like the whole show actually.
It was not.
And that was not my idea.
That was, Sharon's, I did no matter what you say, sir.
Well, I don't know who's idea Fatherly was, but I know.
What did I just say?
Say promotion.
What were the words that just came out of my mouth?
Glenn, I can't trust you.
All right.
Continue, continuing along.
If we argue over each point on this, we'll be here.
What is that?
Well, you can hang up on this guy any time.
I'm not hanging up on him.
Okay.
I'll hang up on him when I'm good and ready to hang up on him.
The guy was right.
Your head is getting swelled.
He's telling me when to hang up on people.
What is that?
Oh, that sounds good to me.
I'll have a little bit of everything.
Go ahead, sir.
Okay.
You're really on a roll now.
Go on.
What a life this guy has.
Ed was the first call every day.
No, he wasn't, because I heard Friday and blind Mike was before Ed.
Okay, maybe the last.
But this guy Ed was like the guest chronic call of fame.
Well, you were gone.
He had to be the first one on the line every day.
Interesting.
You were chained in every day.
It's Friday.
Right at the beginning.
That's the reason.
What misses, man.
And all these people crying about all the old coming back will never be on the air again.
Glent kept promising him.
Don't worry.
He's leaving in August.
That's right.
Another week.
And you can all be back on the air again for another week while he's gone.
And they were saying, oh, Glenn, we love you so much for letting us a chance to be on the air.
Yeah.
Is that it?
That's it, Neil.
Great job, pal.
Thank you.
I'll give you a call when you get back in August and let you know what happens.
Not a wife this guy has.
See, I'm really impressed.
I'm a sur.
It was good.
That's my favorite call of the day so far.
If I'm 43 at WIOD, let's go to all Manny from Candle is on the line.
How you doing, Manny?
Neil, are you doing?
Great.
Yeah, you never have chronic son when you're here.
That's right.
Welcome back, Neil.
Manny's not chronic.
He's just sick.
Right?
Well, kind of.
I guess if you'd define sick.
It depends on you to find it.
It's quite the early back.
Well, thank you so much, Manny.
But listen, don't listen like last guy.
I know that you know that one does a great job when you're away.
Look, I, you know, I'm so glad I didn't take any calls for an hour and a half
because I don't want to spend the whole week here.
Didn't I say before I went away?
I don't want to hear this?
Well, I know.
I'm just always happy that he does a fine job.
I think that was a joke we're busy eating, okay?
I know that, Neil.
Relax.
If I didn't think he did a great job when I went away,
I'd have somebody else fill in like Alice Ruben or somebody, you know?
Like Green.
Green.
Glenn, can I ask you something?
He don't bother me.
Yeah.
Was that a shot when he first put me on the arm?
Why do you don't have any chronic on when you're here?
I'm afraid you said my name.
No, he's mellowed out on that one now.
He really meant it as a shot, but since you said something nice about him, he changes his mind.
Well, I never say anything bad about him.
Ever.
And you never...
Never too late to start, sir.
Well, I'm going to say one nice thing.
And then I'm going to go, Neil, welcome back.
Yeah.
I'm glad you love you.
And Glenn, good job.
Okay, Manny.
See you later, Neil.
Hi.
Now, was that a shot at the end of the...
I don't know.
Don't worry about him.
Okay, they're just more idiotic and sippet calls.
In fact, what happened all those carts we had?
They're there under...
Under incippet calls?
Mm-hmm.
Another...
Yeah.
Under singles?
Another third world moron.
Not many, but the one...
Ingolous.
The one before many.
Is this the rack that the blind mic put together?
Yes.
The blind mic did the rack.
I believe you had him in his studio,
but you are really sick.
I did not give him a mic.
Mm-hmm.
I can do anything I want to do when you're not here.
You can?
That's what you always told me.
You can?
No, it's true.
I don't pay any attention, it's right.
I didn't think about this place for one second.
I had him in, I made his life.
Look at this, the food came in and look who just happened to water into the building now.
Oh, you know, this is getting ridiculous.
He probably could be Debbie Ellison.
I thought that was...
Fat rich and fat Debbie in stereo.
He did that to me one day while you were gone.
The food came in all the sudden.
The food came in all the sudden.
He's been doing this a lot lately.
Okay, that rich.
This soup is so good.
God is hecka.
Yeah, really is.
And I need, I think another spoon.
Oh, we still haven't found out what time the numbers are coming on on Wednesday.
Have we?
Nobody came running in here and said,
10.30 or one o'clock or anything.
Okay.
So, Stan and Steve are feuding a little bit.
A little bit.
Just a little.
Yeah, I try to get...
The FTL is going to really do it.
They're going full-fraid.
They're jumping head over shoulders right into it.
And W's news is re-shoffling and recycling the same old crap.
Thank you so much, Rich.
And then interesting that Rich has his own spoon.
And his own bowl.
His own trough as he comes wandering into the studio.
He just waited for a little cue and excuse to come in.
And now he's going to go nuts.
Too bad there's not more soup.
The soup is really great.
But there's like about 400 stuffed shells there, which I'm sure you'll...
Okay, 11.51.
I'll W.I. do.
This is a case of Dia,
which she's in mushrooms.
Oh, incredible.
I can't wait.
Pineapples?
Yeah, they're great.
Just pick it up and eat it like a pizza.
Oh, okay.
Hmm.
What is that good?
Hmm.
So that's the new format of W's news.
They're going to eat on the air.
Oh, ha, ha.
Alice is going to be a nutso hard in the morning, it says.
What is it?
Which I'm sure he can deal with with no problem at all.
Anyways, 11.52.
Let's take a call from Ian in Miami.
Hello.
And that is Neil.
Oh, Jaze.
I did my homework, Birds.
Oh, good.
Right.
Tell Neil about it.
Weird has this that you had, no, I can't say that.
Or good control.
But it had something to do with the Amsterdam.
I'll call you later and talk to you about it.
Oh, what?
About what?
Well, you'll catch me all for your dumps.
Try it, Ian.
Do you have a shot?
Go for it.
No, don't do it.
No, I'm busy.
I don't want to mess around with the dumps.
What do you want, Ian?
You're chronic.
Well, I need to ask.
I just want you to tell you about the homework that Birds gave me.
It comes out of the straw.
The magazine.
You told me about this, far away.
Oh, I bet there's ever-way masters in there.
Oh, I better put you up a little bit for Roy.
Yeah.
Okay, how about this?
Oh, you think the cops got into bed?
Better put you up a little bit and get my wrist right now,
because, well, get all of a sudden give me a lecture.
But by the way, I've got to do something while I'm on the earth.
You ought to talk to Roy.
He could straighten you out in a hurry.
I'm not here necessarily which way I'm talking about,
but he could straighten you out.
I could give him some ideas.
I'll bet.
By the way, hello to a crowd.
Okay, good.
You're right.
You don't have any clinics when you're here.
It's just one here.
You don't seem to understand.
This is the aftermath you've been through.
It's going to take me so Friday when you go away.
To, well, won't that be something?
Friday, the bird leaves on his vacation,
is going to be gone a week in a day.
And I can actually come in and talk about whatever
the hell I want to talk about.
That's right.
Hello by Friday.
Probably won't want to talk about the cubs at all anymore.
Hmm.
Are they doing it or what?
11.53 now.
I like the Metski in the other night when Fernandez struck out 16 batters
in a lost.
That was really the best.
Okay, let's try Pondbaits.
I think you should improve the quality of the call.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
See, I told you.
I just, I was listening to your stories this morning about Europe.
Mm-hmm.
I really enjoyed these little antidotes that you've been telling
and I can really relate to them.
I pulled up three years suicide mission with the military,
driving bus and central Europe.
Wow.
Oh, man.
If you can relate to this.
I have never seen any.
I'm not exaggerating.
Those people are crazy.
I know you're not.
They don't care if they hit you or not.
It just get out of my way and good luck to you.
Our driving test was a vacant lot.
We drove in the vacant lot.
They said, fine, if you want the job here.
They couldn't find people to drive.
I'll bet.
I got a little tip for American tourists that feel compelled
to rent a car in Europe.
Oh, don't do it.
Don't do it.
The deal is, did you notice in France they have yellow headlights?
I did.
I wasn't in France.
Okay.
In France they have yellow headlights.
And driving at night.
This is the only way you can get back at the Europeans
if you really get teed off.
That is to rent the car from either Germany or Holland
or one of the white headlights countries.
And driving in France at night, it drives the drivers nuts.
They can't take the white headlights.
Now the yellow headlights is a great idea.
It's really soft on the eyes.
But the many you drive into the country with white headlights.
You watch all the other guys running around the roads.
And if you have one that stays on the road that sticks with you,
you can always hit your high beams.
Not that gets them.
Well, that's pretty exciting.
Well, when you're driving bus in Europe,
what else you got for entertainer?
Yeah, you're right.
You got a phone.
Okay.
Another comment I had was,
Metro bus drivers test, final exam.
Have them rent a car in Paris and drive the Amsterdam.
No injuries and no dents, then they pass.
Were you, have you been in Amsterdam?
Yes, sir.
Can you believe that driving?
Well, the best thing is doing Amsterdam is rent a bicycle
because bicycles have the right or way.
I took a cab.
I didn't realize how close it was,
but I took a cab from the central station to my first hotel,
which I could have walked only I was slipping a big heavy bag.
And this guy, he was going the wrong way on one way street.
I mean, the streets just go all over the place over there.
They're just in every which direction.
Is Roy a need of therapy in there?
What is his story?
Well, one way streets, no, no.
The one way streets means as long as you're going one direction.
I mean, as long as you hit the street first,
you didn't know.
I went down one way streets the wrong way
with the bus from people I've been with before.
But sometimes you have to do this.
And the best thing, like on the dam rack,
that big wide street they've got cally cars,
they've got regular cars,
and then they've got all the bicycles.
And I've got news for you, man,
crossing the street is an adventure just unbelievable.
Well, the most fun is in France.
Of course, you didn't make it in France.
Is the traffic circles in France?
Can Roy share some of the food?
Well, the food does.
Does the food have any smell to it?
Can you believe this?
Here is this homophobic right wing maniac standing in the studio there
to come in for my food.
Right.
I mean, if I can sit on it first, how's that right?
It's only one of the fun.
It's just a joke.
I'm not sure there's anything left.
In fact, fabrics will put a plate together.
You don't have to come in and leave the air in here, okay?
Great.
I don't want them in here.
Okay, well listen, it's good talking to you.
Well, I had one question for you.
Here, what's the question?
In case one of your listeners know, or if you know,
and that is I have relatives in Europe,
and I have a European VHS tape.
Okay, now of course, I'm not able to see that on the American nose.
That's over here.
I was wondering if somebody knew where I could get that,
or if it's possible to get it converted to an American VHS tape
so we can see.
Well, I'm sure one of our experts will call in.
Okay.
They'll probably be pretty boring, but I'm sure somebody will call in.
Have a nice one.
All right, thank you very much.
Okay.
Come.
1157, a W-I-O-D.
I'm sure glad we started taking these calls, aren't we?
They've been incredible.
They have been great.
Especially Ignats from Tendler, whatever he's...
Oh, man, he's not a control, isn't he?
Rich one?
There were several other control.
Whatever that Ian, whatever his name is.
Oh, Ian.
How to control.
Oh, yeah, well, he may mark Grace Baseball cards.
I think okay.
So it's affecting your brain.
Four water deal.
Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
Really, really miss you.
But Bird did do a wonderful job.
I'm sure.
But I have a suggestion for your bird.
You should do like...
Instead of best to kneel on Saturdays,
you could have like a radio retrospective
and just talk about everything that was going on
and radio 20 years ago.
Because I can't believe what I've learned
in the past 11 days about what radio was like down here
with Joey Reynolds and Dick Potterly,
and Stan and Blind Mike,
and all these...
It was like a museum of radio history.
Right.
And it was really pretty ponderous, but it was all right.
Annemarie Atomahawk, I think, was your best guest.
She was very nice.
She was a guest for a few minutes.
Even though Henry kept him in.
Is there anybody...
This must have been like the Stan Major show.
Anybody who is breathing, he dragged in his room.
I'm unbelievable.
And...
You have no idea the ones I said no to...
If you had any clue how many times I said...
Todd and Ross in here at all?
Well, you haven't been here.
And the name...
Where did they come from?
They're...
Wait, wait just a second, sir.
Wait a minute.
Todd is...
History.
What about Ross?
He's still here?
I don't know.
Ross is here.
Oh, yeah.
Half a loaf is better than none.
Okay, well, listen, I haven't got any idea what you were talking about,
but have a great one, okay?
Well, I just want to say one thing before I hang up.
Can I?
Yeah.
The day right after you left, I'm sorry I took me so long to get there,
but we went to Charm Hut, and I had to wait all this time to call you and thank you.
It's a great place.
Great.
And Roy Messers, you're up.
Yeah.
Okay.
Bye.
Wow.
Who's doing the news, is it April?
No, April's done.
Todd is here.
Todd is right there.
April went to Channel 6.
Oh, you're...
Oh, April's not here.
Well, April would be doing the news right now, but I got a lot of catching up to do.
It would be.
It don't go any better than Hank Goldberg.
Okay, 12.5 at WIOD, and these calls have been just something else.
Yes, I don't want to say what.
I don't think you can.
We got to open lines.
I'm not going to give the numbers out.
I'm not going to dignify the audience by giving the numbers out.
No, don't.
We haven't done that in a long time.
I mean, didn't give it out in 11 days.
Really?
Never.
Never.
Well, I'm sure that those people you had calling in really needed the numbers.
Like I said, let's do it.
You don't have any kind.
It's only me.
Just like that guy said.
Oh, exactly.
Thank you.
Okay, let's have a better.
Oh, here's a call for you on one.
Hello.
Yes.
Thank you for getting on.
Who is this?
Who are you speaking to?
Can I talk to me?
I'm out to glance.
We're both here, man.
Yes.
We're both right here.
I know you are, honey, but who are my children, too?
Ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, you're right.
What about Ron?
Moisty Pupik.
How about?
Yes.
I wanted to talk to you.
The one that has that beautiful laugh.
Yes, ma'am.
Here, I want you.
What do you want, ma'am?
What do you want?
Spid it out.
Yes.
Yes, ma'am.
This is me.
Well, this is me, too, okay?
What?
What do you want?
I'll say it.
You're nothing like a hyena.
That's up for you, ma'am.
It comes up, though.
Man, can I suggest something new?
Drop dead.
Hmm.
What about with old all?
Bitch like that on a year.
Trembo 70WI.
That's like I said, I didn't have any of that caliber.
Boy, get lost, okay?
Ha, ha.
Let's buy her a gold-plated enema bag.
And while it's in next week or the week after,
she can listen to Debbie Ellis during these hours.
Exactly.
You guys have to be disturbed by the sound of people laughing,
having a good time.
Yeah.
It'll be Debbie Ellis.
So boy, is she something else, ma'am.
We're going to have a real and Steve against Sandy.
I don't know if he's going to, if he's ready for that.
And anyway, did you take care of where I'm asking this food?
You put something special in it?
What a maniac, okay?
He asked one.
Get him out of here.
Some goddamn nerve, keen's guests come in here two hours early.
And he wants to suck our food up, okay?
Unheard of.
Yeah.
If I handled it, yeah, I put something real special in it.
Are you okay, Roy?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, yeah, man.
Wow.
I don't do that for just everybody, but for you,
there's a special sample in there, okay, Roy?
Oh, nice.
Okay, let's go to a cup of cream.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. Welcome back.
Thank you.
This is Donna from Coconut Creek.
How are you doing, Donna?
Oh, pretty good.
I always wanted to sting with you, so you don't hang up on me thinking I'm on the other, Donna.
No, I know better.
I think she got in, got through with Glenn that one day on the white and the other day.
No, on the white and grey on one day, yes, she got in there.
Yeah.
You mean she's still listening?
Yeah, but she's a little bit of a shocker.
Yeah.
I couldn't believe it.
Hey, Glenn, did you tell Neil we don't have to worry at all about Steve listening?
We confirmed that.
Oh, yes.
Steve doesn't listen.
You know, it was all ill, that's why I learned.
Really?
He never listens to the heads of, he would obsessed with Sandy.
Well, how's he gonna listen to Sandy, which he's on opposite end?
I know.
Don't want to hear the first hour.
I don't know what he's gonna do, but we did all kinds of things.
Well, you know, this show just isn't up to Steve's caliber.
Don't you understand?
Steve is into that contract controversy.
He's big out of portion and all it gun control and homophobic lunatics.
Yeah.
He's, you know, he's bigoted these same three or four things in his life.
He's like a revolver, brother.
We just don't deal with that here.
Okay, so we don't have anything here that Steve is interested in.
So he will be learned, which we can say anything about him we want to.
Really?
He's oblivious.
No idea.
No group.
So that was a good thing to learn.
Yeah, and go ahead and watch that in mind.
Go ahead and make sure you watch that channel movie time.
They've been showing Shag all the time.
Oh, God.
I don't have that on my cable.
Oh, well, maybe I could tape some for you.
That's okay.
Well, that's about it.
Welcome back, Neil.
Thank you, Doc.
Glad you were great.
And we'll be listening.
You're even talking to Creek.
Okay.
See ya.
Bye.
12.09 is your turn.
Sharon, please.
Are you coming in here?
I need you to tell something, Uncle Neil.
About one.
About Dick Fotherley.
I don't want to hear about Dick Fotherley.
No, only Roy Masterson here to give us dirty looks and to do this.
I'm going to jump up and down, wavling his limp wrist, and then the beg for food.
He wanted to meet me.
He came early because I had to have him drop off some of the books and stuff.
It was the last time he went to see Walter.
Tell him that what is that?
What do I have to do with him coming in here?
I'm sorry.
I said, would you like to hear me?
He's pathetic.
He's pathetic.
He's tragic.
Who's the idea was to have Dick Fotherley on the show?
Oh, isn't he?
The guy doesn't have sex with his wife?
No.
Oh, he's been sellable.
Well, after looking at him, I can understand why.
Sharon.
What?
Tell Neil whose idea to have Dick Fotherley in here it was.
So, Gwen came to me and said, what was it?
Uh, Sharon, tell him, please.
This is so juvenile, man.
It's so childish.
Oh, we have to...
Great.
Talk about the old radio game.
He's not great.
What did I do to say he was?
I said, good one.
If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610WIOD,
you missed this.
Is this the bird?
Yeah.
Bird, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, do me if you ever play anything because I can't stand listening to you.
Are you sorry I could do this back?
Do I?
Just do me if you ever play anything.
Well, can I ask you a question before you go?
Oh, God, you sound so stupid.
I hate to talk to you.
Yes, I have.
Why did you call me?
I didn't call you.
No, just to tell you not to say anything.
Just play something.
Oh, God, can't stand it.
Well, then why are you listening?
Stop playing something already.
Why won't you answer my...
Oh, God, can't stand it.
You won't...
See, he won't talk to me.
Oh, we got a car here.
Hello.
Oh!
I remember that car.
Yeah.
Sounds pretty good.
He'll probably call you today.
I hope so.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi there.
Yeah.
I gotta tell you, I'm a long time listener of your radio station.
First time I ever called in.
Really?
This is...
I've been listening to Neil like I turned off,
but it's the steam-off story going back to listening to it.
I don't know why.
I gotta tell you something.
You won me over.
I'm beginning to love your show.
And I want to tell you that Glenn is one hell of a fine job last week.
No question about it.
We're going to take a poll in the one-a-clock job.
He did a fine job, but I am beginning to enjoy the station.
Well, great.
It takes about six months to two, three years.
Oh, I didn't take that long.
And it really starts growing on you.
Didn't take that long.
Kind of like a tumor.
But take care.
This is Mark from Kendall.
Okay, Mark.
Okay.
And for it.
See ya.
Mark's not going to be priced to me.
Yes.
Whatever it is.
It's all finished.
I'm finished.
Okay.
But Dick finally, why did you do that to me, Sharon?
That was so cruel.
By the way, you're...
Here's his resume.
You want to give that to Steve Nick?
What do you give him?
I mean, I was in Berlin.
It's a 12-inch pass.
No, we want to tell you about...
Would you just calm down and relax?
Cheers.
You're taking 10,000s of food out of your mouth.
I'm going to give that to you.
Give the bones to fatherly by the way.
I mean, do masters.
Same different.
Same different.
Okay, Toyota of Hollywood.
Oh, boy.
This is great.
This is frozen yogurt from Pineapple, which I didn't mention because
Denibri had the copy that they do feature delicious columbol light,
no fat frozen yogurt with no cholesterol, only 95 calories in a four-ounce
serving.
So it kind of like fits right in there, doesn't it?
It does.
Well, no, because we're eating...
Oh, you haven't had any.
Would you like some?
No, I don't.
Oh, yes, today.
I'm just in shock of that log.
I'm sorry.
It will take me a minute to...
You bring the house a log?
Incredible.
I never saw one of those when I was here.
That's what Ramassar said, too.
It's 12-16 at WIOD and here's a call from Boka.
Hello.
Let's go to the call on Ronnie Zamora.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, can I help you?
Yeah, but it's just recently tuned in.
What did you say her name was?
Tell her your name, Barry.
No, not your name, the other gentleman.
This is the name, Bailey, for all with that plea, Bailey.
I'm being totally serious now.
What is your name?
Ellis Rubin.
Okay, 12-17 at WIOD, boy.
We'll talk about an oldie, but goodie.
Or was that...
Well, pain was on him.
Oh, he was on vacation.
Oh, I should have let it go.
Because it was from this station.
My buddy was playing something from a long time ago.
I'm like, he's last week.
Ellis Rubin was on.
You betcha.
Well, that's unusual, isn't it?
See, I don't understand what is with you people.
But this chronic thing, it's not a joke.
It's like a death now.
It's like a death wish.
Chronic, man.
Chronic.
And I've let two or three go here today who won't be on again for months.
Like Ian.
Trust me.
Chronic.
And even who is the other one?
Oh, he's... I don't want to say it.
He's very sensitive.
Man, Ian Kendall.
He's a good guy, but he's gone a little bit chronic.
Hasn't he?
A little bit chronic.
What's it going to say?
But he's very sensitive, so I don't want to get him upset.
Across the street, hello.
Hello.
What does that mean?
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, I'm here.
Who is this?
Who you calling, sir?
I'm here.
You have such a series of like mysteries.
I'm calling me right now.
When you're speaking to him, sir, right now.
Hill.
Yeah.
Well, nearly from way, way back.
Great.
And I call the comments.
I'm almost a week that five, sir.
Oh.
The line of hell was on in place of the king.
Yeah.
And he was cruel and fantastic, but one small comment.
Well, we don't want to hear it.
I'm so sick of this, man.
I told you before I went away.
I put up a little bit of this crap.
I sat down here because I got a frog in my throat.
And I'm recovering from Rome, which was a nightmare.
But enough is enough.
Why don't you people grow up?
I don't hear it.
Did you get anything to eat?
What does that mean?
I don't think like, hey, you know, see, that's the problem.
We got these people spoiled.
If they get something fine, if not, they don't really care.
It's not like it wasn't the beginning when it was a big deal.
And they used to get all excited.
It's like, you know, we got stuff coming every day this week.
What do I do with that list tomorrow?
We got one.
Oh, Arnold's.
Oh, little cheeseburgers tomorrow.
And takes them off on Wednesday.
And the Spice Dapple, which is a new sponsor on Thursday.
That's one of Allen Burcell's sponsors.
Spice Dapple, remember?
It was to be a great place.
I've never eaten there.
I haven't eaten there.
We'll have a chance Thursday.
And Wayne's Plust on Friday, which goes without saying.
Mm-mm.
Ah!
Okay, it's a 12-19.
And it's nice to see that Vettrich is really concentrating on that low fat, no cholesterol, yogurt.
Is it?
Now there's a thing right there would be.
That said, forks, boom.
We got the whole works there for you.
Okay.
Now what's the story with Todd?
Is Todd?
He was here.
Is he finished?
He's out.
I think he's still here.
He's still here.
Well, Nick, what is the story, Nick?
Nick said Todd is history.
And the next thing I look up, and he was in there.
Is Dorothy, if Dorothy brooms Todd out of here, boy, that's we're going to have a real brawl in this place.
I took it out right now.
You know what I'm saying, Dorothy?
We'll put our garbage in your nose room.
And I don't know who me in the waist basket.
Just in the middle of the room.
Marguer.
Hello.
Hello?
Yeah.
Yeah, this is Neil.
Yeah.
How are you doing?
Okay, how are you doing?
Okay, this is Nick from Marguer.
How are you doing, Nick?
Okay, how are you doing?
Wait a minute.
It said Todd's on probation.
What does that mean?
What did he do?
He killed one of the news people.
Well, we had too many of them anyway.
Don't worry about it.
Go ahead, Nick.
I didn't want to say you guys were talking about, you know, a gun out for lunch for wings, plus and all that.
Yeah.
I want to recommend the place.
I'm over here in North Florida, a Marguerite area.
Uh-huh.
And we have a place over here called Rooster.
Rooster?
I'm not sure if you ever heard of them.
What is another wings place?
Yeah, they have really good wings.
Oh, in other words, it's a competitor for one of my sponsors.
You want to give them a free plug, Nick?
Yes.
Is that what you try to say?
I want to.
Is that what you're trying to do, Nick?
That's all right.
It's not going to give me upset.
Uh-uh.
I want to get me upset, Nick.
Do you recommend you to try them?
Okay.
And then over here on top.
Yeah.
Why don't we give the address and give the phone number?
What's our number for takeout?
Get out of here, Nick.
You make me sick.
21 past noon at WIOG.
And the rich is cleaning everything up.
Well, he looks pretty good, isn't he?
He doesn't look like he weighs a pound over, um, I won't say it.
Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Remember this?
This is Emily, when i get thr month you, there won't be enough of you left to make a good soup here for dawn dawn.
Talking and writing, all the bearing curled weather to the waterdale.
 version
Question.
here is the stationary problems.
and
I understand they're going to have a new billboard campaign at WS News, Alice in the morning
and Ann Bow at night.
Thank you so much, Rich.
By the way, they don't call it Diet Coke.
They call it Coke Light in Europe.
And Pepsi, I didn't see any diet Pepsi.
Isn't that interesting?
It's 1254 at WIOD, Hollywood, hello.
Hey, Annale, great to have you back, ma'am.
Thank you.
A while ago on vacation, there was a classic call made to the bird by some blue hair.
I'm happy to be taping at the time and I want to hear it.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Let's go to North Bay Village.
Oh, yeah, what's this to bird?
Are you right across the street?
Yes.
I'm thankful to have this opportunity to speak to you without that meal religious there.
Oh, here we go.
I want to hear something.
People like that too, right here, man.
Why do you want to be associated with a homosexual like that?
Oh, the budget day, the climate's lazy, the bad, the low light.
Ah, ah, ah, I can have you on a ghost day.
budget day.
Un-
You're leaveable.
That was great.
Man, I agree with every word she said.
Excellent.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Okay.
Okay.
That's where I master's junior under four.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Okay, pal.
We'll see you in an empty day.
1255 at WIOD.
And it's interesting how he was listening when you were here and he's listening now.
Fascinating.
And he just obsessed.
Fascinating.
Okay, put your hands back in your pockets, pal.
And just calm yourself down.
Bokeh, hello.
Hi.
Yeah.
Welcome back.
Thank you, sir.
Steve says you are on stand show five to six times a month.
No.
Seems to me that Steve's been on your show three times a week.
Oh, here we go.
And I see why don't you people grow up?
Okay.
All right.
All right.
I'll leave it on.
What can we know?
Okay.
No, seriously.
Why can't we all here come Steve running in here?
Now you gave him a courage to.
Yeah.
They took a herculean effort to get him out of here.
You've been running it back in here again.
What are you complaining about, sir?
What is your complaint that I come in here three times a week?
Know you're back again?
Of course.
I do what I can to turn my audience over on the leave.
Can I ask you a question, Steve?
Yeah, sure.
Comment you made back to the talk show host.
The only reason Oprah Winfrey is a success is because she's black.
Didn't you say that?
It seems to need to be mighty racist, wouldn't you say?
I think the fact that she's fat's got a lot to do with it too.
I don't recall ever saying that.
Sure, that you said that's like that.
No, I don't recall saying that.
Okay.
She's kind of like a black Debbie Lachee in the giant industry.
No further we can go on it.
I think she has no talent.
So why don't you debate him on Hesio about this?
I think her talent level is about the same abilities you have as a caller.
I see.
And you're not even black.
So get off the phone, creep.
Hello.
Hello.
I'm Steve.
I get lost.
What?
Yes.
Where did you think that only works when you have the button?
What?
I'm not president.
Go ahead.
Think of that phrase, get off the phone.
Did you pick that up in New York?
Yes, Bob Grant was not.
Bob Grant's here.
I see.
Are you trying to follow in his footsteps?
I didn't steal that I borrowed.
At this point, Bob is trying to follow in my footsteps.
Can't you hear that?
Why can't you match their success?
Is this a big problem for you?
I don't know.
It's a little more therapy.
Yes, sir.
I want to say this.
You remind me of the guy who just called a young guy called a couple of minutes ago.
Okay, the same thing.
You can't turn it off, can you?
What can I turn off?
Your mouth.
Your mouth and my show both.
All right.
Are you okay, sir?
Not really.
Good day.
Okay.
Wow.
1257 at WI of the Atura is great to be back.
Oh, listen, from now until I start it, please mention at the end of your spots that there
is a brand new nuclear system location that just opened an Arthur Gottfried road.
I mean, be so I just found the memo in the midst of all this other cousin Ryan here.
So I was right.
It's a mighty beach in Arthur Gottfried road.
And we mentioned it, right?
Right.
Okay.
Thank you so much, Tom.
Let's take a call in Pompano.
Hello.
I need to hold on after the break.
It's second.
You don't have enough time in this hour.
What do you mean I don't have enough time?
I got two minutes.
Okay.
You ready?
Listen.
Let's go to the call on Ronnie Zamora.
Hello.
No, we've already heard this before.
So I don't want to hear how it was proven again.
Geez.
You people out there, you know, I think the thing with Norm Kim is emblematic of a disease
that's sweeping this community.
It's called talk show host Itas.
All these people want to be their frustrated would be talk show host, okay?
And if you listen to their call, it's obvious that their shows wouldn't last for three weeks.
Get a life already.
Okay.
We got a rack.
How many cards have we got here?
Like 500 cards.
We got all kinds of recorded material.
Once in a while.
Once in a great while, somebody will play something.
Usually it's something related to it.
I don't go any better than Hank Oberg.
That's okay.
One of the calls on his show.
And those are usually pretty funny.
But other than that, give it a rest already with these recorded bits and with all this
hazerine here.
Give it a rest.
Isn't it wonderful to be back?
Oh.
Boy, what a group of calls.
What a group of calls.
My favorite, though.
My absolute favorites are the ones.
The people who got some, they hate you.
They hate me like the homophobic idiot that called three calls ago.
And they can quote chapter in verse.
Every show, every minute, every single day, they wouldn't miss it if their lives depended
upon it.
Right.
So obviously, filling a void somewhere in our lives.
And I think somebody is filling a void in that kid's life somewhere else.
Okay, that's going to do it for this hour.
Who we got doing the news?
We got like a dance of big one, a two hour.
You give time to yogurt?
Oh, that's good.
Kastata is on probation.
That's what.
What does that mean?
Oh, you don't know about it?
Oh, did I say something I wasn't supposed to say?
Anyway, I'm serious.
That's what the message was on here.
I'm on probation.
What did you molest?
Somebody in the newsroom or something?
Is that why April's not here anymore?
By the way, we should, though, wish April good luck.
And we over channel six.
A lot of guys in the audience very upset about that.
Very upset.
He came and said to Brian to them all.
Well, you know, that was nice.
Yeah, great.
We were sure to have that.
We got Chuck, what's his name?
Meyer.
Meyer, who's a real news person in there, sounds good.
Yeah, he does.
He started quite incredible.
But he was a street.
That must have been a mistake, huh?
Okay, look, we got Lee Fowler Jr. on a Palm Beach Line.
Hello.
Well, it's about time.
I bet you got big things on your mind, Lee.
I just got back from vacation to infinitely.
I won't go into Europe, but I didn't know you were going there.
I went to two eggs instead.
Yeah.
That was right in, Lee.
I wanted to collect you about some things you were saying earlier.
Yeah.
All the parts that brought laughter that going to WLF in Chicago.
Mm-hmm.
Parts.
He is going to Chicago, but he's going to do nights at the top 40 stations, B-96.
Where he will replace both of the lip sponge.
For 375 hours.
Absolutely.
So what about Debbie and his big move to midday, now, Lee?
Well, you know how Debbie got her big break in show business, don't you?
Is that the Thunderbird's driving?
Are you to show movies on her butt?
Certainly.
I mean that, until we...
Yeah, I believe you do.
Meanwhile over at Zeta.
Yeah.
Well, the Colonel was trying to get promoted to five star general missions.
The number is that Bill Carter will jump ship from CYM and join the morning show.
Yeah.
Can you find a turn table to place 78?
Oh, I'm going to hear about that.
I'll tell you what, there's good news and bad news that Jay had off.
Yeah, what's a good news, Lee?
Well, the good news is John Picano is stepping down as PD.
And the bad news?
It's replacement is Tim Williams.
Oh, anyway, I haven't checked that out with my inside force.
Dennis Lee.
Yeah, he knows it all, boy.
Talk about it.
Absolutely.
Well, listen, Lee, have a great life.
And big guy, keep the peace.
Okay.
See you.
I see still eating on the air.
I don't know.
I can't pick the station.
Can't you?
Oh, that's right.
You would date County.
Well, if you were proud, you'd be lucky enough you'd be able to pick it up, boy.
You're a good way to lose lunch.
Speaking of lunch, what's he going to do?
We're doing a little show here.
And while they sales people, they come in right in the middle of the show and he's doing like a whole seminar.
We're doing a show, Coleman.
I know that you don't know what Tom were on, but we're, he thinks we're just sitting in here having lunch.
He thinks this is like the waiting room, the green room or something like that.
So Tom's on probation, but I'm going to have to find out what that's all about.
Something really heavy duty.
And what about Ross?
Is he still here?
I'm here tomorrow.
I'm going to keep up with him.
I'm not a ventrace.
All this crap with his bathing suit stuff.
And I heard that story about the guy who was standing in the other room and his girlfriend was in here and you were fondling her and she was sitting on your old hat.
And the guy, the steam was come out of his ear.
Who told you that?
That Rich told me he said that he was ready to bust you in the house.
He said he was mad as hell.
No, he wasn't.
He came and said on my lap.
I said he was going to turn your head into a pimple and give it one big squeege.
I finished.
I didn't go sit on her.
She came and said on my lap.
She did.
All by herself?
Yes.
Absolutely.
Okay, now what's the story Dorothy?
Is he on probation?
What is that all about?
Look at that.
probation for what she said.
It doesn't have anything to do with the newsroom.
It's an outside matter.
I see.
Okay, those are getting pretty chummy in there, aren't they?
Miami, hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
Welcome back.
Thank you so much.
We did a great job in your absence.
No question about it.
Nice changes, please.
Yeah.
You have a nice trip?
Great.
How blessed.
Well, that's good.
Happy to be back?
Yeah.
I'm up until this call.
I was ecstatic.
I haven't called this call.
First of all, I mean at home in your voice there's like a certain level of sarcasm.
Isn't there?
Oh, no, absolutely not.
This sarcasm in this call, sir?
No, not at all.
I sustained some permanent hearing loss when Steve got on the phone.
Oh.
He talks very loud.
Yeah.
He talks.
He hangs out with Lee Fowler a lot.
He kind of rubs off.
So to speak.
I don't want our guest downstairs to get the wrong idea.
Roy Masters, when I said it kind of rubs off.
Oh, it's real nervous when you use an expression like that.
So what's up, sir?
I just have a feeling that bubbling under the surface of this call.
Is something that doesn't...
Oh, no, absolutely not.
No.
No, I was just caught off guard.
It's napping.
Oh.
The...
When you want to go back on hold?
No.
Oh.
As a matter of fact, there is a point of information.
How do you get on the rightening round without being kept from hold?
You just call in and if you get a ring, you get on.
Oh, okay.
And you say hello?
Hello?
And I hang up on you.
Oh.
Very, just a little reason for us to start.
You repeated the deon.
Were you back in town Saturday?
Yeah.
You were?
Did you relish into the deon show?
No.
No, I'm on vacation.
I don't get involved with this place.
It was a great show.
Yeah.
I knew that they didn't play the tapes in the right order.
Yeah, but I've never listened to a single radio program play.
And it was actually worth it.
Yeah, deon is great.
No, that was a great show.
Your own mistake.
It was a great show.
What about the cards?
Like you said, I think your right-line hearing has been affected since Steve was in here.
Yeah, up until this call.
It looks in there only three and a half games out.
They're going through a little problem.
It's called like a run.
You're the type with the math.
Yeah.
There you go.
And Montreal is going to take the tape.
Can I read you this thing out of you?
I'll listen.
Have a great day.
Take care.
Okay, son.
What was his story?
Man used his life squirrel as windshield winger.
You get the feeling of something under that...
Well, what's wrong with that?
He was using the tail.
I can't even be better.
The bell it was.
Yeah.
The fur was flying when Eagle Light Police arrested a motorist for an unusual offense driving down the street
with a life squirrel tied to his windshield winger winger.
What's wrong with that?
Ashford, Massachusetts, they charged 49-year-old John Griffith with unlawful possession of a bushy tailed rodent.
He was described as a loner who lives at a local campsite.
He was irating to battle when officers pulled him over.
He told the cops that the squirrel always accompanied him because he was his friend.
Yeah.
Police report that the squirrel who was tied to the wiper by a knowledge and groward.
He was enjoying it.
Was frightened but not hurt by the unusual auto-trip.
I got to remember that.
He said it was nothing compared to when he put him into watch the laundry and the dryer.
1919 at WIOD.
Let's take a call from these calls today.
I've got to be fast with you boy.
This has been a real eye opener for me.
Although it is Monday.
And we never gave the numbers out and they're all filled up.
Which is a big deal, I guess, in his business.
Yes.
Miami, hello.
Hi, hi, you're Neil.
Yeah, how are you doing, Joy?
Hey, it's been a boring two weeks without you, man.
No, I did a good job.
It's just not the same.
I know.
I have a first request and then I want you to come from a room reforming.
Requests, are you going to play a young Neil or a freeway and speak it today?
No.
Okay, catch you there later on that, then.
Somebody said that Neil is black.
Is that true?
Who?
Another Neil.
He says I swear to God, Neil is black.
I said, no, he's not.
Yeah.
Neil is black.
He doesn't sound black.
Why are you talking to me and you're talking like you were talking in the first person
and now you're switching in the third person.
Is there a special reason for that?
No, because a good friend of mine told me that Neil is black.
I heard the same thing.
He's the way he's a Nickhead.
I heard the same thing, yeah.
Not in the upside, Nick.
Oh, Nickhead's not.
Nickhead's not.
You're right about these calls.
Wow.
Oh, right.
I should have kept telling my story about the plane trip back and about the 11-E's woman with a baby in the diaper.
I should have continued on that story.
That was what he calls just so fast.
21 past one at WIO.
Do you louder, Hill?
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi, Neil.
I'm so glad you're back.
I can't stop laughing.
Really?
I can't stop crying.
You're absolutely wonderful.
You know, those days, especially at Amsterdam, I should be sitting in my hotel room and I'd look out the window
and it would be bitter cold and raining.
Amsterdam is nice when the sun is shining and gets up to about 72.
It never really gets hot there.
So when it's raining, it gets real dark like up north.
You know, when it rains and it gets cloudy all day and grey.
And it's bitter and I sit in that hotel room and I'd look outside.
I think even though I can't go out walking or doing anything, it's just so nice being here and just being free.
It's like a bird.
You know what?
If I can use that expression.
That's right.
Like total escape.
That's right.
And I would sit back down and turn on the TV and there would be Larry King.
And then I'd think, well, maybe I'm not so free after all.
Well, now you're back to reality.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's a hard show you're waiting.
I just wanted to say that Bert did an excellent job while you were gone.
So we're going to take a four hour pull on it tomorrow.
From the last time you were gone, he wasn't so good.
But this time I don't think he was as nervous and...
Yeah, last time I went, he was terrible.
Yes, he wasn't such a true sorry Bert.
I love you, but sorry.
Anyway, sorry about that.
That you were so bad that you were.
The only day that wasn't good was back fading to Conquest with Stan.
I can't believe he did that.
I really can't believe he was.
Stan, I do know how it was.
I was...
When I was standing at INZ, I ripped him for days.
It was so bad and embarrassing.
But you know, these guys get away with murders.
It was.
And I have one thing to say about Steve Ols.
This is an arrest.
This is an arrest.
I just have one thing to say about Steve.
You know, he said how you read your audience and to Stan wrong.
I would never take credit if it had a fire you.
Stan Roddien, for the early back those were not nearly people.
Well, he had...
There was some crossover, but no question Stan did have his own special duke.
I mean, format.
I mean, you know, he had those people that just...
You know, he never had a show.
He never had a show.
He really did.
I'm sorry.
Well, at least he's consistent because he don't have a show now.
He is.
So, you know, there's something to be said for consistency.
I have to tell you something.
When he was on that day, I had turned it on about, I don't know, 11 o'clock,
11.30 in the morning.
I got my car and I turned it on.
And for men, I thought it was you.
It was just the way it came on and the way having a good listening to it.
Stan Roddien, I've got a lot of work to say to you.
I know Neil's not back because of the Easter day and he was back to next week.
And when he started with that business and all of a sudden I heard that about Ricky Picky's,
you know, lingerie and bathing suit and I knew he had a deal.
Ricky Picky's lingerie?
Well, there must be something going on.
I don't know about it.
I knew about the cap, but I didn't know about the lingerie.
Well, anyway, it's been fun.
Okay, listen, have a great day and I'll say how to stand before you.
Okay, bye.
Wow.
Well, they're just rippin' the crap out of everybody today, aren't they?
Yeah.
24 past 1 at WIOD.
I think we're going to do a little break here and we got the boy, we got the light.
You run, this is basically overall, Ricky.
This is great.
So, all righty, you go on vacation, which is going to really be something.
Now, you're just not going to show up Friday, right?
You're not going to tell anybody about it.
That's right, that's the best way.
Because you had a little run in with Boy Geary who said that you can't take that extra day.
I know.
And you said you're just going to go ahead and take it anyway and you said,
well, just don't tell anybody.
Yeah, that's what he said.
That's the best way to do it.
So, we got to tell anybody about it.
He just won't show up on Friday.
I won't be here, okay?
But whatever you do, don't tell anybody.
You know, just pretend, you know, it's one of them, like he's sick.
So, I make up a story like you're under the weather.
How do you guys do it?
Oh, you guys take that extra day.
How do you guys do it?
Because we're talent.
Oh, we'll see.
They didn't tell you that.
25 at WIOD.
128 at WIOD.
Not equal time.
It may not be as exciting the audience.
I think we got a lot of ladies out there.
And would be ladies.
When you're gone next week, I'm going to have a fashion show.
And we're going to have bathing suit show.
And we'll have Todd and Ross and Jrrett all come in and bathing suit.
Wouldn't surprise me.
You have a wonderful time.
I would be like you.
I'm going to go where I can here the radio station.
You guys have to have a do whatever you want.
Have a great time.
Absolutely.
And we talk about the Cubs.
Yep.
I won't think anything just like you.
I won't think about the stage.
I'm specifically going to go where I can here it.
Excellent.
And you guys, you can do anything you want.
By the way, I just want to mention the WIOD newsletter.
I'll draw that out.
Wow.
There's a new newsletter out while I was on vacate.
Here it is.
And wouldn't you know, we barely get any mention.
It does mention you were going to be filling in for me.
Really?
You only mentioned this.
I didn't even get one.
And see, I don't even get a quad.
Listen to this.
The 610 WIOD sports crew presented another great show for our audience on the recent NBA draft
month.
It's Eric Kamarol.
Money Hersh and Jim Manage provided.
Pick by Pick Coverage.
I wonder if they mean this.
And Hank Goldberg got the crowd reaction and official comments from the heat draft party
at the Miami Arena.
While Tony Yip, Marvin Raw man and Eric Martinez provided the program, keep it all.
I can't even read this.
I'm so tongue tied.
It's so exciting.
Keeping it all sounding great was Steve Ziggler.
Because I'm at the second page.
Oh, yeah.
Radio at its finest.
It does mention my name.
That's a first.
I don't forget the British cricket draft is coming up on Sunday and we're going to have
Rick Weaver in Scotland.
Man, I tried watching cricket for like five minutes on the BBC over there.
How can you watch it?
It is so ridiculous.
One thing I've decided about the British.
The reason they always lose every war and we have to bail them out or they lost the revolution.
Because they're silly.
They're like silly people.
Very silly.
In fact, it answered them.
You know, they're people from all over the world.
They're incredible.
And the only people that were really rowdy and loud and obnoxious, everywhere you went
were the British kids.
Really?
Drunk, loud, obnoxious, disgusting.
Huh.
All of them.
I mean, they were just disgusting.
Out in the streets and restaurants, everywhere you went, they were the only ones who were
just out of control.
And when you stop at thing, I bet you the Roy Masters probably have some comments on this.
Seriously, in a country where they worship a queen, I'm telling you, it's just a little
peculiar.
And all the, well, I won't say all, but most of the British men are like, fake, like
fake Wayne or fake Dunnoway.
They're all a little fake.
In fact, even the Dutch guys on the plane coming back, there was this Dutch family.
Husband and wife and two, the two, not even little girls I was talking about.
And the wife was so butch man, she looked like she could put you through the floor with
her foot.
Yes.
And the husband looked just like, what's the queen's husband, what is his name?
Prince Philip.
Prince Philip.
Is that his name?
He looked just like him.
And that same kind of very wimpy, ineffectual, you know what I mean?
They've always been that way, don't you think?
Yeah, they've always been that way.
Very strange.
He looked at all British movies, thirties, forties, they're all the same.
You know, they are.
I watch an old movie.
So maybe where masters can kind of penalize that for us on the game show?
Okay, it's 132 at WIOD.
Let's go to Dina.
Hello.
Perfect.
Quickest.
Let's go to a plantation.
Hello.
Nioh.
Yeah.
What?
Hold into the lining.
Hold on.
Let's try Bokka.
Hello.
Okay.
Good one.
Yeah, I forgot about this.
We're getting to that desperate.
Yeah.
I'm going to show this at time.
My 137 at WIOD.
What's unusual if this Steve is talking about that topic today, isn't it?
You took away abortion and homosexual, sexual, this and homosexual, and he pretty slim
pickings with it.
23 till 2 at WIOD and let's see.
West Palm, you're holding for lighting round?
Yeah.
Oh, you're holding for us.
Yes sir.
Great.
How you doing?
What a call.
Yeah.
Nice talking to you.
I had a radio accident last week.
I was listening to a wind and a...
Where the one, huh?
Yeah, I was one.
And I heard the sportscaster, just a Ron Harris, was saying, was talking about how Ron
Gittery had been endorsed.
15 managerial changes with the mirror.
Yankees and he said, well, it's kind of like being in a radio business.
Maybe a good station isn't well.
And he kind of pricked and paused and moved on.
Like here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here.
Well, he was trying to come over here a long time ago and just didn't work out.
Well, bud, he did a great job.
West Lake, don't want to miss this bag.
And Neil, glad to have you back.
Thank you.
Take care.
See you.
Bye-bye.
Now, who's this on the bat line?
Is that for us?
Is he talking to somebody on the air?
It's, why?
He's still talking to him.
That exciting.
There's somebody on the bat line.
Nobody called it with the name of that movie.
And you know why?
Because most people don't have viewers' choice so they don't know what I'm talking about.
Well, you give so many clues.
But when you do this to Gittery, you always tune in the middle.
Anybody who saw it.
No, I've seen it twice.
Really?
Who saw it?
No one I'm talking about.
It's about this young guy and his girlfriend.
And she's plotting.
In fact, he gets involved with this.
I don't know if it's her mother or this older woman.
And he's involved with both of them.
And both of them are plotting with this woman's husband to kill him and collect his insurance money.
And pretend that it's the husband who dies.
Oh, it's all out in the snow.
There out in a shed somewhere in a shack.
I don't know.
It's incredible.
It's bizarre.
It seems like all the movies that I see on these paperview panels are all really strange.
What was that one I was telling you about before I went away?
He's flipping into darkness.
Another bizarre movie.
Miami, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
I was up in the panhandle all that way.
And we had rock stations up in Bayonets, Georgia, and rock station and mobile Alabama.
We played at the crap out of that, Dionne.
Great.
I've got to get you to use one like one mobile.
It was doing like power rotation or whatever you call it.
You're at least close to power.
Good.
I got back Saturday morning.
I put your, you know, the best Neil out there.
And I heard the second and the fourth hours were the same tape.
I couldn't believe it.
They finally got Dionne on it.
He was on the first hour and he came back and the third.
Wait a minute.
The second and the fourth hour were the same tape.
Oh, same thing.
I wasn't afford on the weekend here, man.
It's like a disaster.
I don't know.
He was all I wanted to get anybody in trouble.
But it wouldn't be nice if they gave these people a little training.
It was sure help.
I was determined to be built.
I think I saw Captain Dave stand on the corner with his son.
It was somebody, yeah.
Well, yeah, the science and all works for Dave.
But I still love those new billboards that there's with the, you know, the colliders on the
tombstone and my favorite.
I should tell you something.
Okay, you can have a little light rest here.
No problem.
Okay.
