Yeah, it's very little bit. Yeah. I was just back this past weekend to move back in Miami.
As you know, it was raining all weekend. Oh sure. I don't know why, but many years ago, a friend of mine turned me on to it.
And the first place I ever had Thai food was at the original Thai house in Hyalia.
I just I flipped over it. I just it was just perfect for me. I just liked everything about it.
And I've eaten it ever since. Have you gone to any place other than Kaya Orkut in Miami?
Oh sure. Oh yeah. I've eaten at a lot of Thai restaurants in Miami.
And yeah, I like a lot of them. I live in South Miami. I'm in Lodis room. Bangkok in Bangkok City.
Of course, Thai house too up in North Miami. There's a lot. Sure.
Okay. You would go crazy here because the first two weeks I was here, I hit seven Thai restaurants.
But they're big out there too, huh? They're real big out here.
Really? Does they're real popular down here?
Oh yeah. And my brother and I I'm sure win is listening right now. We go to Kaya Orkut. Not as much as you do.
Oh, it's right by my house.
Oh, I know. I was wondering if Toy brought you anything back from Thailand when she came back.
She absolutely did. And I should think her publicly. She brought me back a pajamas.
Like oriental pajamas. They're like silk.
I'm jealous. You only taught me a shirt.
Yeah, you should be jealous. Was that nice?
That was nice. That was real nice.
Like there's oriental pajamas, which you just can't get here.
Yeah. I love them.
Toy is such a nice lady.
Absolutely. All the oriental people are so nice.
I agree. I agree.
And even that the people out here, not only the Thai people, but everybody, you know, they walk by and they say hello to you.
Yeah. You walk in front of their car and they stop and let you pass.
Right. Like, booing up at the Siam Dal is just like the nicest person and he's brought me a lot of presents also.
Yeah. They're just the most gracious people I've ever met.
Yeah. It's unbelievable. And even when they fight and they fight in their native language, it doesn't sound that bad, you know.
It doesn't sound like they're fighting.
And they don't fight that often. Yeah.
Great. Well, I just wanted to call and say hello.
Well, I'm glad you did.
And I probably will be back in a couple of weeks.
Okay.
Maybe I'll give you a call next week.
Okay. Thanks, Glenn.
Okay. There it is. A call from Seattle.
Stephen Neal's gone. We still keep, you know, that stuff continues.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes. I'm Gwen.
Yeah.
Just wanted to put on a good word for the great city of Lakemont.
I know you take a lot of bus.
From your cohort over there.
Well, some people don't understand, you know.
They've like just been through it. They really don't get it. You know what I'm saying?
Oh, I understand 100%. I get it all the time from my friends.
I went to school up there at Fort Lauderdale.
Did you? And they call in sort of.
Yeah, they call in sort of thousand.
I was wondering if you'd ever darken the doors of any of the, uh,
the drinking establishment in town there, such as maybe a Zimz on South Florida or, uh,
Calc out corners.
Uh, Calc out corner. I have been to, uh, that's on Main Street.
Oh, yeah.
Great place.
Yeah. Great place.
Someone I went to high school with parents on the Calc out corner.
So I used to go there and of course the, uh,
XYZ Lounge.
Oh, yeah.
Famous.
We used to call it the XYZ.
That's famous.
Um, the great place.
Also, there's a great place.
How are they in, uh, in South?
That's not far to have.
And it was good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I had that new place down at Lake Christina too, which was good.
Uh-huh.
Well, I'm not a big drinker, but I have, you know, certainly been to the places.
Well, I'm not here, but those are the places we used to go to college.
One other thing I wanted to put in one comment about yesterday's show.
You know, no apology.
I needed.
But, uh,
that's really big guy.
A caller told in and suggested our dense, the guest right of the ass.
And if he was the US citizen and the guy was pretty much dictating the way we should handle terrorists in this country.
Oh, yeah.
And I think the man really had no right to express his opinion.
Yeah.
Wasn't it, wasn't it, uh, terrorism isn't so bad, isn't it?
That's what we were told, I think they were going to talk to him.
Absolutely.
That's not that steam, oh boy.
I don't know where, you know, Neil says the same thing.
Where does he get these people?
A total buffoon right now.
I've seen any worse radio in my life when the station I listen every day and that.
Mm-hmm.
Well, I don't know.
Well, we did tell him Neil and I both.
Yeah.
Well, I hope they have a big, clean, direct up.
Me too.
Well, as I understand it, the stevo insisted on Felipe.
So there you go.
So.
That's a disappointing.
Yeah.
Well, when he comes back, you know, I hope he hears about it.
Well, if I can get through, I'll certainly have to.
Okay.
Listen, thanks a lot.
Okay.
All right.
Okay. It's 11.34.
We have a call from Boca.
We'll take that before the break.
They're so rare.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
You know, the heel plan.
Yeah.
Very.
Yeah, hi, Barry.
What did Neil's mom think of Steve ripping everybody in terror chills since she lives there?
You know, he didn't talk about it much, you know.
And I didn't talk to mother Rogers about the situation.
But, uh, so I really don't know.
You know, Neil just said she just said, well, little dogs bark a lot.
So I guess that's about all he kept saying that she said.
You see any good movies lately?
Um, good movies lately.
I don't go out to them as much as I used to, of course, Barry.
I've kind of gotten out of that whole scene.
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Well, it poets society is real good.
That's why everybody says it's that.
That's the best round.
There's another little sleeper that's out in some of the theaters called Miracle Mile.
It's about nuclear war and it's an excellent film.
Really?
Other than that, all the big ones are, uh, yeah.
Or the big blockplusters are more of a bomb than anything else.
Well, when I was a movie critic, I was, of course, a movie critic for seven years.
And Summer was my least favorite time of the year.
You're right.
You're right.
All the kids.
You're a couple of good ones out there.
You gotta just...
Always. You know, they're always like one or two decent and the rest is just, you know, they use your fluff.
Right.
Hang in there. It's glad to hear you on the air by yourself for a while.
You deserve your own show.
Well, I don't want my own show, Barry.
But thanks for the kind words.
It's nice to hear your voice on the air.
Well, it's rare that I get a call in, you know.
But we'll be going away next week.
So I wish you luck and catch you when I get back.
Okay, Barry.
Good talk to you.
There he goes. Very Epstein, boy.
The voice is you here today.
This is a stounding incident.
All right. Let's do the break and then we'll continue with these unbelievable phone calls.
I know what we'll do with the golf game.
We'll play the golf game when Jeff brings his lunch.
Jeff's bringing his lunch from the pizza lot.
So that's when we'll play the golf game.
And that'll be in the...
Because it's like over three and a half minutes long.
It's like 346 or something like that.
Okay, it's 1139 right now.
And the neo-Rodges show, neo is on vacation.
This is first day of vacation.
And these phone calls have you noticed different voices?
I mean, extremely different voices.
Well, you know, Dave. Hello, Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
Talking to me?
Yeah.
Hey, bird.
Different voice. Yeah.
I've been listening to you a neo-Rodges for years.
Have you?
Yeah.
And I've never called.
Like I said, different voices.
Now, let me put them, give you a little background on me and whatnot.
Uh-huh.
If I may.
Okay.
Steve, Steve came to reserve the location.
Now, um, different voices.
Yeah, but that's just a little too different.
I mean, it's a little early, don't you think?
For, uh, for that, let's go to Miami. Hello.
Bird.
Yeah, hi.
What happened to Gabby yesterday?
Well, you know, I saw that in the paper this morning.
And it's amazing I made it to work, you know.
Gabby got defeated.
She's had a bad year.
I don't know what happened.
And I, uh, I don't want to go into...
I'm bored.
The audience about the tennis.
Yeah.
Because I don't go on and on about it.
But, uh, she was doing so great.
You know, she would always get to, like, the last, the, the finals match.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what happened.
But I think you better brush up the needle, but he was really coming down on the other day.
About, uh, just, it, it, it, it, it, it being his show and everything.
Oh, man.
That's just part of the show.
I think she called the Goon Hill Show this week.
No.
Well, we love to hear Young Neal down here in Miami.
Okay.
Uh...
I'm going to tell you.
Okay.
Let me, uh, see if we got Young Neal.
Because we could do that one too.
I didn't even think about Young Neal.
You know, that's a, that's another tradition that we play.
Let's see here.
Young Neal.
Well, boy, this, you know, we got more...
Oh, here's Jeff.
Jeff is here with lunch.
How you doing, Jeff?
Boy, what a way to start our, uh, couple of weeks, uh, vacation.
You know, Jeff came from Pizza Lock.
He didn't go crazy today.
It looks like, you know, sometimes you, uh,
go look...
Yeah, I'm here alone and, uh...
Oh my.
Cheesecake.
What?
Pizza Lock.
You're a flagler.
Right off the pometo.
Jeff of course feeds us all the time.
Oh my god.
Look at this.
Cheesecake.
But, Jeff, I'm, you know, I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
I'm all alone.
so, and we can eat while we play the young Neil.
I don't see it.
Jeff this cart-rack.
Jeff this cart-rack.
Jeff this cart-rack.
I mean, I mean, I have a job ahead of me.
what I mean.
What I mean.
I do this every time the oh goes on vacation.
vacation.
We alphabetized the cart-rack, you know.
But, look what I did find.
let's wait a minute.
But you know, while I was organizing the cart rack, I did find this
But I can't find you on me. Oh
Yeah, seven up great. Thank you. So we do have our lunch and little pizzas. That what you have there?
I can't find young you all but we do have
This and we have time to play this right now while I start eating
Our little early lunch today
Robber
Clamp
Come to Neil Rogers. Oh, we want to thank Jeff for your sleep and the pizza lot for bringing this by lunch
He brought his pizza and all kinds of stuff and this incredible cheesecake
Which I'll try after we eat so let's take a break here
All the lines are lit up except Palm Beach of course, but you know, we don't expect you know
Don't get excited but every other line is lit so we have some interesting calls coming right up
Good. Are you doing today? Okay?
I'm called to often. I probably remember me a few months back. I was the
infamous Ranjara and Meso Felicia Cola. How could I forget?
Listen, yeah, I haven't called you in a while, but I was in Holland, they were a couple of weeks ago
Oh, my I saw something that really crossed my ass really
In Holland, yeah, really I was up by shoppers paradise and they had these anti-neil buttons
What?
It's a Neil button. What do they say they have like you know the ghost bus distinct? Oh?
Really?
No, buddy has ever told us that I have seen them
Incredible
Well, you know isn't that funny that they would feel that strongly
Well, you know, I don't blame because he rags on him pretty heavy don't he?
Neil are Neil
Yeah
You're right. They deserve every every and more don't you think I'd say well
I want to congratulate you for getting out of Howlandale. Oh, I'm glad I got out of the safely, you know, especially with them jumping out in front of your car
Okay, I have more ripping to do, but we have a mobile you know like I don't have a log
You know as soon as Neil leaves you know how he has to bitch on the air every day to get a lock
I know log, you know too much dance for mobile. I'm good. I'm the one
No, what's up? Yeah
I'm sorry sir. That's just that's incredible. That's unintelligible, but bird juniors here to save the day
Everything's fine
And here's Casey K some
Hi bird Neil Casey Casey. I heard that Neil's unbeach and I'd like to know if I could fill in
All right, I'm gonna do a little audition for you. I'll go ahead. Hi. This is Casey K some this week
I'm W. I.O.D
My friend
Steve K the man with an asshole larger than his own
My
Guests today will be Sam Kinesa the leader of Christians against Christ
Well now compare it to this we're up to our long distance
dedication and this one is about kids and pets and a situation that we can all understand
Whether we have kids or pets or neither it's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio and here's what he writes
Dear Casey this may seem to be a strange dedication request, but I'm quite sincere and it'll meet a lot if you play it
We thought there was a death in our family
He was a little dog named Snuggles, but he was most certainly a part of us come straight again
From coming out of the record play the record, okay
Please
You see when you come out of those up-tempo damn numbers man is impossible to make those transitions and then you got to go into somebody dying
You know they do this to me all the time. I don't know what the hell they do it for but damn it if we can't come out of a slow record
I don't understand it is down on the phone
Okay, I want a damn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a thing up-tempo record every time I do a damn death dedication
Now make it and I also want to know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week
It's a god last damn time. I want somebody use a
Brain to not come out of a damn record
That is that's up-tempo and I got to talk about a
Dying
What is a pondorous man ponderous and ponderous
It's a
Now do you remember that one?
That's a little obscure here. Let's listen to this one
Boy this machine you know Neil's right. It doesn't have a mind of its own wait a minute
This is challenging
Nothing
There's nothing on that cut. How can that be wait a minute wait wait. Oh, I see I see. Okay. All right. How about this?
Well, we don't have time right now because we have you know I do it
This is already has been star studded here. It's only 1031 and look who's on the phone
It's Ed
I'm clocking everything here. What are you doing? I'm clocking your
Clocking every time I have my clock right here next to you. Tell you your clogging
Clocking clocking
Now Neil doesn't really understand it, but I know he doesn't speak English
But I sure understand it
Sure wait a minute I got to turn this down
Yeah, well listen Ed before you run off here
Can you answer a question for me?
If I can well, you know we had a report
I don't know we could go or so Ed that nice a couple days ago that Elvis was spotted up in Thunder Bay
I don't know if you're going up to Thunder Bay. I'm going to take a trip to Canada
There we am now do you really think you know? No, I know what it was it was a prediction
I'm not sure if you're correct. Yeah, and they said he was going to be spotted in Thunder Bay and he would be spotted by a TV
Yeah, who's gonna take so now you totally believe in this right? Oh, I don't know
I know I know
I know a lot of imitations out there. Yeah
Okay, well, I you know I wanted to I wanted to go to the source. I wanted to ask yeah
Well the fact that sound like doesn't necessarily mean I look like a
Call me Monday yet, okay?
We'll mention sugar apples. What's the difference between sugar apples and their regular apples?
Oh
Boy I tell you know Neil doesn't get it. He just doesn't get it, you know if if you if you I
Guess if you don't understand
Maybe very RFT the indie Griffith show you don't get it but I don't know my amy be chill
Are we coming up on a break? Oh?
Yeah a couple minutes. Why?
Okay, so let me see a couple minutes. Yeah, I'm really enjoying the CD. Oh, yeah, and that wonderful
That was great yesterday was fantastic. Yeah, yeah, that was that really it
Can you see him in your head like I was talking about on 32 so the majority of them I can see a couple of days
The dinosaurs TV USA is without a doubt before my time was it?
Yes, Sunday night at nine o'clock. We used to all watch Ed Sullivan at eight
CBS on CBS and then we turn over to watch Dina
I Dina may have been on NBC. I can't remember but anyway, we turn over at nine
It was the Chevrolet hour Chevy bought the hour and she always ended with that song at the end and then she'd throw a big kiss
Mwah, you know, and it was like what everybody it was a
Every in the country knew about it, you know
What was the chronology of this CD? I mean does it have to say date because some of these seem newer the audio commercials fairly recent
Within the past ten years there's no dates on it
I really haven't even because Neil played the show. I'm it really even figured out, you know, the the numbers
It's really tough finding their own musically oriented though. Yeah, there are no speaking commercials
I don't think so not really, you know, you'll hear a little of that
But basically no and we'll see they were all jingles back in that time. They really were as you can tell
That was what TV commercials were, you know, the audio port was a song
It now results originally a little speedy. Yeah, with every jingle. Yeah, mm-hmm
I got that here somewhere. I just have to figure it out and how to find it, but
The ones that they let's see the what so let me try this one now here
Like this one for example
See if you can hear now this
See I'm having trouble wait a minute
I'm having trouble working this. Let's see if this
You remember this? Yeah, I'm out of country. Yeah
You can take sale on all the country
You can take the country out of
Unbelievable now that's really a whole genre of commercial gun that's now gone the cigarette commercial. Oh sure
Yeah, it's gone truthfully. Yeah, I'll probably some more of those like the Winston and all because we just grew up with those when we were kids
If I call next week and we discuss film for a couple minutes, absolutely. Oh, that's I made you a whole show next week
I'll film really maybe one you're not gonna have any guests. No, no, no, that's great. Yeah, okay. It'll be great one more thing
Yeah, what do you really think about Phoebe Kate and Kevin Klein? I mean, is that a marriage made in hell?
Well, I think he's too old for her. I don't understand it. Well, she seems to really love him though
They've been together for a long time. You know, they would they lived together for several years before they got married
And there wasn't even a baby they didn't see you know, so obviously she really does truly love him
So God bless him. You know what I mean? I know what you mean, but I recovered. I hope you do
Excellent questions this morning on the Neil Rogers show with the bird at 1036
We're gonna take a break and then we will continue with these unbelievable phone calls
Yeah
By your day gets a call
Well, that was on the on the ball games a lot, but Roger brought me the TV
The what's the dictionary to prime time TV and I was correct
Sunday night Ed Sullivan was on at 8 o'clock on CBS and Diana the dinosaur Chevy shows officially what it was called was on at 9 o'clock
Now when I was kid this is 1957. I'm looking at I was nine years old and
What Ed Sullivan I call it to the state the Ed Sullivan syndrome whenever the Ed Sullivan show came on well that meant
school tomorrow morning. That's what that meant it tomorrow morning was
School so I always refer to that as the Ed Sullivan syndrome now
I remember even younger like and let's see if it was on like in the mid 50s when I was even younger
Yeah, 55 Lansing at seven o'clock now I had to be home on Sunday night when I was you know
Seven eight years old I had to be home to see Lansing and then last year was a half hour than Jack Benny came on
Then Ed Sullivan and then later. Let's see in
57 then Diana Shore came on it's incredible to look at this because I remember
Watching these shows I love Lucy was on Wednesday night at 7 30
Phil Silver Shovel the one I was going to leave it to beaver
Friday nights on CBS
At 7 30 now this is something else kids today don't remember today television
Prime time television starts at 8 o'clock. It used to be 7 30
Remember back in the 50s. It was 7 30. That's when prime time television started. Okay, so anyway what what you remember is
Back in that time, you know, wait a minute
This CD is a trip I have to admit it anyway back in that time
Nancy, I don't know how Neil does it. I'm serious. I don't know how
This is on the daytime of the soap opera's wrong
You are you
If that he do
Okay, and then you remember I was you wait a minute. We style this one up because this is this is more what I was talking about
He won't it won't do it. Hey
No, I just played that one
I'm gonna get better at this machine you you watch as the week goes on I'm gonna get a slick as
Yeah, I see what Neil was talking about you'll completely forget about the calls with this CD man
You get you get so into it, you know, and and I will continue to to play with this because I love this man
Boy the memory sister in fact, and I got to play that a Hawaiian plunge one
I'll do that in a few minutes. We're not even gonna have time today to do what I normally do
We'll do it next week
Alpha-tizing the cards and we'll go through the bitch, you know and play one from every letter
That's a traditionally started back at Zeta a bee takes a whole show, you know to get through the whole alphabet
But I may have time today not with this CD here, but let's do get a few of these calls in anyway
Well, at least see what's going on Miami Beach
Hello, I kept them waiting too long didn't I hello?
Hi
Are you on Miami Beach
Hello, hi, wait, are you talking to me? I think so sounds like you no, I'm in coconut grove. Oh, sorry
We're calling from Richie swimwear. Are you?
Yes, in coconut grove. We have officers hammering in here. You said and I'm Sheila. Hi Sheila
And we love your show. We're just calling to let you know. Well, we we love Richie swimwear good when he's gonna come visit us
I should shouldn't I?
Get you in some little skinny
The queen
Sounds good from these things. Yeah, are you one of the models? I do a little bit of modeling for it
He's well, he has wonderful taste good
Like it show come down and see if when you get off work today
Well, I can't do it today, but I think it sounds like a good idea
Okay, you're in the grove right? Okay. Well good to hear from you good to hear from you too
And you want to know why we waited so long to call you why?
We waited for Neil to go on the case because we knew that he'd be sarcastic to us. Oh Neil
Well, see Neil doesn't understand you know what I'm saying. He just you can't you can't hold it against him
He just you know, he's just not into it. I understand
We love you. Well good and listen if you run into anybody that looks like PBK's give me a call, okay? I do
What?
Hi
I'm joking now. I'll let you know we have a lot of people coming in here a lot of pretty girls
And if I say anyone to look like TV all call you up. You'll be the first person to know
You you my heart. Yeah, I gotta get my heart going again after what you said to me
I'm holding here. We'll lock the door. Okay. Okay. We'll see you later. Bye. See you
Remember that that's another one Neil just doesn't get I
Love that that's
That's poppin French
Wayne Arnold is on the hotline. No, he's how oh Wayne Arnold here comes a message
How about lunch Wayne?
Not to oh wait. Oh fourth of July absolutely. Yes, absolutely. That'd be wonderful
We're getting out of here early on the fourth of July Wayne
We're gonna be out of here at one o'clock for the ballgame
So that would be perfect because there's nothing open on the fourth is I we can't only Royal canceling us
They're open every day they never closed twenty-fours a three hundred sixty five days a year
And so we can't get any food on the fourth of July so that well Wayne that would be great
So now we have we have more to look forward to on the fourth of July
So that would be great. We have a three-hour show now Steve was gonna do is flag burning show
But that game let's see if the game starts at one two three be like four thirty before they get to that
I guess okay
Let's now we go to Miami Beach this time hello. Hello, Glenn
Wow
Unbelievable in the first hour ladies and gentlemen in here's Mike right. I wonder to say how much it was
It was a real pleasure to meet you on Saturday. Well, it was a big surprise bike and it was great to you know to see you
Right by the way I know
Friend of yours very well Marlon Bailey
Do you yeah, he's still around huh? Yes, he is
What's he say about me?
No, he's a friend. Yeah, nice guy. Oh sure. He's a good friend of mine
Where did you grow up in Lakeland? Uh-huh well born and raised
Radio station did you grow up with back then big Walt and Tampa? You know the thing about Lakeland Lakeland is right in between
Tampa and Orlando so I got to hear
You know radio from Tampa, which is a big market and and from Orlando WLF in Orlando
I listen to the big Walt that was my station WLT
Remember a guy by the name of Charlie Brown of course you did afternoon
friend of mine played in there check up him on WDNA a few weeks ago
Uh-huh and by the way, I love talking up records. I do it to this day
Instruct
I do it all the time but can you talk up these old commercials from television? Yeah, sure
Yeah, um Walt was like 1110 it was a daytime right I remember them and they were a great station
I mean that's what I grew up on they were a wonderful station. Why did they ever switch format?
You know, I don't know. A.M. Died eventually from music, you know, right and they just went the way but I you know
Bob Collins who's now of course in Chicago was at Walt. Nice start there
But he did mornings there for a while. I heard Bob Collins now when I was a kid say like 1960
But I was like 12 years old Bob Collins was on
WGTO in Cypress Gardens
Remember that's they were middle of the road station back then yeah, that's correct like 540 right and then
Then he was at Walt he did mornings then he was all over of course he was down here for a while
Yeah, WM right here. I use an M IQ and now he's in Chicago. Right. Do you remember?
I idle
W.O.C.Y. WLCY WLCY
Rabbit Johnny rabbit is it Jackie rabbit Jackie rabbit. No, um we did listen WLCY at night
There was a station I used to pick up down here from Lakeland WLAK. Yeah, WLAK
Is now in Chicago those callers that station is now a talk station right on a M and it was right in my neighborhood
Mike that's the station I used to hang out in when I was a kid. Oh my god
I knew from from when I was seven eight years old
I was gonna be a radio believe it or not and they were that station WLAK like 1430 right and it was in my neighborhood
We were an NBC outlet. Yeah, and I used to go hang out there and the guys used to let me watch him, you know
We're we should first job where did you start WINT in winter haven't which isn't there anymore?
That was my first job my second job was Y&D and Sarah so they in this great reminiscing about radio
What happened to WINT? What are they doing now? I do I it's something else now. I don't even know what the calls are
They rock back then yeah
1360 mm-hmm
This man's incredible this man's like a walking R&R they were doing country for a while
And now I think they're back to Odys but old
Yeah, well listen Mike. It's I love remissing with you on radio and I have something special just for you
I'm gonna play it right after the break okay. I'm gonna get my record already in fact play the rich or air check thing
Maybe okay, maybe it'll be a surprise you. It was great to see a Saturday Mike. Okay. All right. There he goes man
Unbelievable soon
This is what I like when the yoga's out of town. We hear all these wonderful voices
So I got something for Mike and we'll do it right after this
Board Lauderdale. Hi
Hearing all the calls you've been getting I've been
Sitting here shuddering because I got some kind of I don't have reminiscing stuff to talk about
I was gonna tell you I've been waiting to tell you about this great new row and stupidity in Broward County
I came across in Broward in Broward is that possible?
It's possible. I was sitting in the lake waiting to make a left hand turn
Oh God and
a car or truck actually if I bet truck came rolling out of the
the left hand
cross
Road made a turn and something rolled off the back to guy kept on going
I looked over and they're sitting in the left hand South down lane with an engine block
Oh
Got to the best part. Uh-huh the right change and because I'm making a left hand turn I'm still sitting there
The guy in the left hand South down lane pulls up about two feet from the engine block and blows his horn
Now that's appropriate. Yeah, I was just like a maze. I said I thought just like you say about radio
Sometimes you think you 37 years old
You've seen it all you see it all. Yeah, nobody comes up and says no you haven't yeah, that's right happens all the time
Doesn't it? Yeah, well enjoy your term on the radio there bird and I'll be looking forward to
Hearing you as me ill-sight kick again. Okay me too. Take it easy good to hear from you. Yeah boy
Everybody's got a story don't they everybody down here. Good day. You story. I think we have time talk to Holly
What high? Oh, I'm there
This is Rick Rogers and Mr. Rogers neighbor
Fred it's been a long time. It's a beautiful day and birds neighbor a beautiful day and birds neighbor
Won't you be birth will you be birth won't you be birth neighbor?
See that's gonna be fun today you're gonna enjoy this day
Anyway, I talked to Phil during the break and he's got to go take his shower because it's 11 o'clock
And then he'll call us after the news and we have a great track story to tell you we really haven't told you yet
Okay, now Henry Bell Henry is here and he's coherent and he's gonna deliver the news for you and
Don't forget it's the Dr. Red Roberts show this afternoon at two o'clock these
These brain surgeons here at IOD they got everybody gone on the same day
I think this this we should send this to the broadcast museum up in New York because I don't believe this
has ever happened in radio history which dates back to the 20s Hank Goldberg on sports talk tonight
Well, lucky and the Yankees at 7 30 this evening on 6 10 W IOD Henry Red
Under than dirt
Under than dirt
Yeah, we'll let me get both up and grab it
Okay, that's a new intro isn't it the
They put my name on there that's unbelievable. I think they put that together at the last minute. Okay, it's 11 o'clock
six
First hour of pretty good we had some really good calls is that incredible? So that's the thing with Neil
Is gone all these people that he will talk to call in and that's what I like so let's go
Let's go to another call where we wait for Phil's call. See who's on this line. Is this my weeb?
Yes, it is. Hi good morning. Good morning. I was gonna compliment you on the lower decibels this morning
It's kind of a relief. I
Listen to your your program
This past week because I'm doing a very boring job at the office. Uh-huh
I worked at a 50 watts petition in Lakewood about 15 years ago 50 what yeah, you know the
Son-up to sundown. Oh, one of those. Uh-huh
Yeah, I used to answer the phone and do the the log so it's been a kind of a treat
However, no one else has said it. I have to tell you yesterday after men's program set radio back 50 years. Why?
If there was so much yelling and screaming
Nobody could understand a word anyone was saying. What do you mean yelling and screaming? Not your program?
Oh, well there was so there always is some not like this
Now do you remember what what what made you turn it off anything specific the whole tone of it really?
Mostly the screaming no one would give anyone a chance to speak or to express themselves and the host
I'm not sure who he was can it kept interrupting the guests
Which of course oh yes, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, I didn't hear that I heard about that
Yeah, yeah, that's that's the leap over Vera. That's what you're talking about. Yeah, I understand
interrupting the guest. Yeah, and you couldn't understand a word any other thing. I didn't listen to one
Second of that and I would like to say that publicly. We were embarrassed
That was that I will say it that was Steve Keynes insistence that they do that and we warned them we warned Sharon
Oh really well, we tried to tell him trust me. We tried
Yeah, but it was it was it was so distorted. I mean just everything
I mean the first program with the young woman who was supposed to be a feminist well
If it had been an English it might have been well, it was
always an English
I'm not even going to what
What she had to say about feminists especially when most of us were waiting for their decision from the Supreme Court
They come down and they put us back and I have to wonder it and Steve couldn't be back on Monday
But it's so weird you I only presents Neil Rogers and Glen Hill
Neil is taking the day off today Glen Hill is in to get in touch and talk call 751 W I OD and day
524 W I OD in Brothers or 6 5 5 and 278 W I OD in the Palm Beach
The opinions expressed by the host guests or colors are not necessarily those of the station now here's Glen Hill on
Newstalk Radio 610 W I OD what a newscast that was great that
For April all April everything you went to wasn't there what happened
You want to come in and give a rebuttal to that that was oh that's that's like a news person's nightmare
Did you notice every card?
Every actuality everything you went to
failed that's awfully that's like a yeah, that's like a news person's nightmare now a talk show host nightmare
We had the other day where the phone you know, it's just there the colors there you keep pushing off off off
And it's the guy still there and you know, it's a adder somebody this is a talk show nightmare
What Johnny dark is here ladies and gentlemen the infamous and just in time to eat
You know to eat and then he's gonna tell you the story about the golf game which will play in little in a few minutes
You know tell us I'm gonna tell you a story about aren't you?
I don't know the story behind that. Oh jeez don't you remember John if you go back way back
In the craniums of your brain when we were doing the show in Zeta
When he was on the case we did like on a six or eight shows
And we played the rack we played nothing but bits one show we played like all the bits
And you kept track of what the people were asking for
And as I recall you told that was the most requested bit oh was yeah, I didn't know if that's what you're referring to but
So it is a true story right? Yeah
I'd say boy. This is this is really something well now see if
Johnny see if you can remember this see if this brings back any memories
Well
I did
But this is ponderous. I mean we hated these commercials when they were out years ago and we hate them now ponderous ponderous
Why don't you glad I came today?
Call springs. Hello a bird time. How you doing help me?
I called yesterday and I talked to Neil but you weren't you were in the can oh, yeah
You're about to call last night
Well, that was a nice talk to him and now let's go to Boka. Hello
Boka is this the textbook Boka call perfect listen carefully
Boka not even any buzzer homerunny
Boka is dead by any
Hi
Right
Thank you
What what what's the purpose of it? Yeah, well that's just your three seconds to be clever
That happened accidentally Neil just sort of stumbled on that he was remember he had the old clicking and it would click
Click the click and then the buzzer yeah, and people just got into it and it just happened and everybody loves it
Yeah
Yeah, it's a perfect place perfect place for him veggie from Boka see that's you know Larry from the squeegee
Oh, that's where they should be
Two seconds
Great the dark ladies different
genre
Well, I true words ever been spoken
Oh, yeah
Yeah
There you go that reminds me of a sales people story I'll tell a little bit, okay?
Thanks
Okay, good to hear from you today all right. We have a car in Broward. Are you still there?
All right, hi
You have what?
Yeah, you do where'd you get it? I got a tower records your tower records in New York
But he just told me they would be getting it in they are getting it in a
Already been on the billboard cards. Uh-huh. Yeah, I would think you could find it. It's called TV tunes the commercials
Just knew huh?
Okay, we're good. So maybe if stores don't have it yet. They'll have it soon
I would just keep going up, but I mean I know they're getting it
Okay, all right. Well, thanks a lot. No problem. Okay, and I
Viamily disagreed if this is pond and then nothing takes it off like no
This is a ponder is
Oh
από
Take it off
You need not leave us
Let me know
Made it came to tell you
You know, you're such a video junkie it's unbelievable
Isn't it?
And that's why you're so excited about this because you're a video junkie
But for those of us who ate television
vehemently
Are you glady, Kim?
We'll be right back
I wanna tell everybody what
What happened during that new scan?
She's very good looking
Of course she's good looking
I have incredible
Incredible taste, I don't make these things up
Oh, we have another car here
No, it's dead
Oh, we already did that one
Okay
Should we do the golf game?
Get that out of the way
Huh?
You should really say that
Four
It's like the climax of the day
I told everybody to play at the sound
Okay, you did, I heard that I wanted to
I can save it for later in the hour
No, you have other stuff excited
Young Neil coming up
And my wife left town with the banana
I mean, we got more stuff
I can't even, we couldn't even do
I was gonna do the alphabet
Left to it next week
I don't know if we'll ever even get to these
No, we're so busy here
I was gonna do a bit, you know, from each one letter each
A, B, etc. takes the whole show
So we'll do that one day next week
Miami
Yes
Hi
Hi, my, Glenn
Yeah
I'll thank you
I've fallen once in a while
But it's trying to get me in during the week
I heard nobody call about the case program yesterday
Oh, I love these reports
Are these reports unbelievable?
I cannot understand
Why a station that has a rating in this station is
Which allows such a limited to be honest
A limited to very well chosen
A limited to
I thought the man was just going to become a rating maniac
Uh-huh
I listened to it for a few minutes and I couldn't stand it any longer
I turned it off
And I think your station lost a lot of listeners just a afternoon
Wouldn't be surprised, they lost me
I mean, it was...
I heard him ask a question
A par call then asked a question of the guess
They tried to answer
And this man became such a rating maniac
The guess couldn't even answer
I'm trying to hear what they're saying
And you can hear anything
And the next par agreed with just a position
And he's trying to everybody shut up
And listen to the call
Oh, gee
It was just outrageous
And this is the same man
They think it was this day's hero
At an article about him that he's not even a citizen
Right
And that he also has been involved in terrorist activity
Well, you know, his position
Terrorism is not so bad, you know
Oh, I know
And there's not enough argument on that other side of the issue for my money about pro-terrorism
Right, I mean...
Jesus
I can't understand it
But if they keep hiring people like this street
All right, you're going to have the same rating as the B.O.L.D
Correct, I couldn't agree more
I mean, it was just...
Steve Kane gets outrageous
And everybody knows that he's, you know, a jerk at times and a clown
No
But this man went beyond the limits of being outrageous
Oh, that sounds like it. I'm so glad I missed it, you know
You should be very glad
I mean, he is really a disgrace to the Cuban community
When they have two artists people in this market
Like Stan Major, and World Colder
And they're great-worthy, different people
I don't want you to play like that here
And they hired this fanatic to get on there
It just...it's just you and my mind
I had to turn it off
I'm sure he was free
I'm sure they don't have to pay for it
All right, I'm sure they did
I was free, that was too high of a price for your station
I couldn't agree more, man
Well, thank you very much
And I'm really enjoying your program today
Then you're doing an excellent job
Well, I'm really glad you called up to say that, I appreciate it
And have a nice day
You too
All right, boy
And like I said, it has nothing to do with us
We told them, we warned them, we told them exactly what was going to happen
And still, I apologize
When they show you after the A.O.K.
That's how strongly I feel about that
Oh, look at this, a rare, oh man
These are rare's hint-steed
It's a call from Palm Beach
Hello
Yes, good afternoon
Hi
Oh, no, I'll tell you something
It's nice to have peace and quiet
Without Neil running his mouth all the time
But on a serious note, something's really bothering me
How does Batman paraphernalia mean?
Yeah, hi
Everywhere you go, you see Batman, Batman
I know, I could tell Barry Epstein had called earlier who's a film critic
And while I was a film critic, summer was my least favorite time
Because that's what you get, you get all this hype
All these kids movies, you know
My desire to go see Batman, you know
No, I saw the movie and it was good and ery
I'm not going to lie on a spend $12 on a hat or a sticker
I mean, that's what makes I think rare's at a lost start
And all those, excuse me, other steam's billboard movies
Unique, but they all got in time
To clam it down your throat with merchandise
Yeah, that's what it is
But to all those people out there who do buy Batman paraphernalia
And all the junk, you're wasting your money
Ghostbusters too, alright, thanks a lot
Yeah, the Ghostbusters, I think they have Ghostbusters
Glances when you go into that ridiculous McDonald's
Hot dogs, hot dogs, hot dogs
What kind of kids eat on a hot dog?
The rest is eating kids, kids, you're my man, hot
Hot kids, kids, kids, you're my man, hot
Even kids with chicken pots
What? I don't understand why you playing commercials
Old ridiculous, we hated them then, we hate them now
Because, don't you understand
Before there was cable
The commercials, you know, we saw them in the 50s on TV as we grew up
Yeah, we used to watch them and we were sick of them that
And it's not that I'm trying to sell you anything
So you miss in the point, I'm not trying to sell you a damn thing
You know, some of these, not even in business
I know it's nostalgia and everything
But that's what it is, it's like playing the themes to the TV show
The old TV show is the same thing
And it's great
Oh, geez, man, I'd say like
The Broward line, are you in dear fuel?
I'm in, yes
Oh my
Like I said, different voices
Oh look, I just found young Neocaroleum
Alright
So we're gonna have that coming up
Alright, I'm waiting here at the golf game, I've never heard it
You never heard it?
I got it right here, I will
I'll tell you what, I'll play it well early in the 12 o'clock hour
Alright
Now this is gonna be exciting, you're gonna get to hear that finally
Alright, I've been waiting for it, I've been looking forward to it
For a long time, well Neal threw it out, Caroleum, and I got it back
I wanna thank Joe Johnson, one of our best listeners who furnished that to me
I'll take off the ear here
And I appreciate it, Joe
That's great, you've got a lot of great people that send you a lot of good stuff
Yeah, not the Joe Johnson at Magic, it's another Joe Johnson
And not the Joe Johnson that does step in out, right?
Right, there's so many of them
And just for you, later on in the show, I'm gonna play my wife left talent of banana
Oh thanks
I've got, you know, the reason I was calling, I can't believe that Mr. Disney has not been inundated with calls and letters
About?
Yesterday's show
Oh my God, well I don't know if he has or not, you know, there's so oblivious around here
Nothing's been said to be, of course, has nothing to do with us
Well, I know that, I know, but I mean especially from the feminist movement
Because this is weird, but this girl that was on there to be in the show, I only listened to the beginning
No doubt
But the subject of rape came up
And this guy said, well, you know, I can't understand these guys anyway
Rape and these joggers because they're all dirty and sweaty and stinky
I mean, they should at least be showered and perfumed and everything
Oh my God
And you know, terrorism isn't so bad, you know
Yes, but I just...
I just wanna say now, I understand it Carolyn
Steve O insisted this guy do the show, Felipe yes, Nick says yes he did
Well, he had him on like a couple weeks ago, he was on the show a guest
They don't want Stan or Joey or anybody like that, they want this guy
No, he did a great job with Tom Jigga
Yes, he did
I enjoyed that very much driving home a couple days ago, about TV, that was really good
No, you know, maybe they should try...
Well, first off, I would suggest putting this show in English
But you know, it goes by that story that Neil told about the guy over KT
Who, you know, when he hired somebody, he wondered more mediocre than him
So he looked... I don't know, but...
Well, I just wanted to give... you know, I just thought I'd give the show a chance and listen to the guy
Not me
Oh, I couldn't believe it
We warned him, we told him exactly what was gonna happen
And they're just oblivious, you know, they don't care, you know, fine
Felipe Rivera, terrorism is not so bad
And, you know, I mean, well, I don't even want to talk about it
Exactly, I don't blame it Carolyn, I don't believe it
I just wanted to say one more thing, Glenn
Today is the 30th and you're not gonna be there on the first, so when is gonna be your chronic day?
Well, we... well, see, the way that works, you know, that's the first show day after the first
Oh, okay, so...
You know, I haven't called since the first
Well, I think chronic day is a good idea, don't you?
Sure
I always enjoy it, we did that, what?
We did it when Neil was sick or something a few months ago
Yeah, well, that's then also June 1st, that's the last time I called there
Yeah, because a lot, I was getting a lot of hate calls that came out of me, you know, so I said, hey
We'll do it, Monday, thanks for the, my that's a good idea, I enjoy those shows, because you hear all these people
Well, you know, Mike did call today, but you called, but we'll do all chronic, that's a great idea
Is Neil gonna call from Europe?
He said no
Oh, he said no, I don't blame them
No, and...
He had to head away, you know
Exactly, that's what he said, he doesn't want to think about it, I don't blame them
Really? Well, Grant, have a great weekend, I got four days off and I'm really looking forward to it
Well, lucky you, okay, Caroline
I'm sports at July
See ya
Bye
Alright, there she goes, and we go to Miami next, hello
Hello, Grant, how are you doing today?
Great
First of all, we're, you know, we're, you know, I think with pirate radio rocking in, we can get, we can get that from
That came off a air check, a pirate radio that they had over next door at GTR
Johnny Dolener, somebody just dubbed that off for us
Don't be a dickhead
Lock it in
100.3F10
Pirate radio
Now that actually came off an air check, a pirate radio in LA, that's one of their liners
Could, could they, could they call the station and get it from there if they wanted?
What do you mean?
That particular car you're on, it could set it from there if they wanted it
What you would have to do is have somebody tape pirate radio out in LA, you know, that's the only way, that's how we got it
Oh, I understand
Yes, and everything, you know, sometime back you played this jiggle or jiggle from WIAD and the 6th and Wackert's twist
Yeah, well how about if you guys could play let's say some air checks from the old WIAD or from WCK
I have there are any in the building are there?
Not that I know of, those are rare, what you heard those are very rare
Oh, and I had cold specs to see if they have that, that contact is with the red light
Wait, wait a second sir, what, what is this?
What is what?
What is it?
I, I called specs, yes, they just find out if they have that, that, that, that CD with the
commercials, I think that they didn't
Really? Well, you know, I don't, I don't doubt it, I have no idea where it came from or anything
or I friend James Holmes down at the Sound of Ice down in Kendall just put this in my hand the other day a couple days ago
And I don't know, you know, where I've never seen it in my life, it's called TV Tunes, the commercials
I'm gonna call James Monday and then say if he works by my own company
You know, you ever seen those CDs or those albums with the TV themes?
You ever seen those, it's the same thing, they, they have them
So any store and I would assume it would be in any big record store like Peaches or Specs or any Sound Warehouse or any of those
If they have those, I assume they have these, it's the same thing
Right, and, and a couple more things, you know, you know who else is in Europe, Jim Kelly?
Yeah
And also, could you please play Neil Heydroom? I haven't heard that in a long time
You see Robin Williams, you'll see him in a totally different life
And he's just incredible and not too movies, not too many movies ever choke me up
That movie just really gets a hold of you
Well, I don't like to go to the movies in the summer, I think if I go see one that'll be the one
Yeah, I definitely recommend it
And in closing, I just wanna say to Felipe that there's one phrase that is sort of universal
and it'll go in any language and I'd like to send this out to Felipe
Yeah, I'd like!
Okay, and here's your cafeteria, Santeria
Tired of the same old restaurants? Try the cafeteria, Santeria of Hailea
How much is that doggy on the menu?
The one with the barbecue tail?
How much is that doggy on the menu?
I'm sure that the chef out of jail
That's right, no matter what the weather's like outside
It's always raining cats and dogs at the cafeteria, Santeria of Hailea
We'll make your stomach stop growling and make your neighbors pit bull stop doing the same thing
Talk about delicious
Mmm, mmm, your meal is always fresh
We kill it right on the premises
For a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price, it's the cafeteria, Santeria
Try it once, you'll eat there religiously
How much is that doggy on the menu?
The one that is fried in deep fat?
Your guts!
Please bring me that doggy on the menu
And bring us side order of cat
Walk one or catch a greyhound for the cafeteria Santeria of Hailea
Where we give new meaning to the word, pet food
Boy, it's been a long time
