13 at wio day the bad news
We got part of this story yesterday. Remember I told you that or we got
informed by Sharon through I don't know who that
W snooze was putting on Paul Harvey as of yesterday your mic's not on his mic's not on Marvin
Hello, okay, it's on now tough day here. It's been a rough day. Well rough day in shock after this morning
anyway
The other part of the change over there and this could be the beginning you know
We keep hearing these rumors about the gradual changes from the live-tongue
We've been hearing that only knows what for months. Yeah Craig Worthing is out. Oh
Sally Jesse on tape is in
On tape
Which they're gonna play the 7 to 10 p.m. That she does from 1 to 4 in the morning and then replay the first hour over again from 4 to 5
Sally isn't worth here on the first time okay, and then much less the second time
So this could just be the tip of the iceberg over there at WLD
And the thing that really pisses me off is that I keep you know sitting back and watching
Friends of mine and people in this business who are good talents and nice people getting screwed over and over again
First it was Bill Cawler then I would stand major nots Craig Worthing and
God only knows who will be next
So you see having talent in this market means nothing it doesn't count and
I'm sure there are people in the audience saying well, that's true for you too fine. That's great
But it really is pathetic. I mean there are people working in this business in this market who shouldn't even be allowed into a radio station
I mean not even to sweep the floor no kidding and
There are talented people who are sitting on the sidelines going through grief and craigs gone through this several times down the last few years
undeservedly so
Because he's a funny guy. He's a really a good talent
He's a funny guy and he was buried there first of all from one to five in the morning almost nobody in their right mind would want to work those hours to begin with but he did and
Then of course you recall the situation when we were still at Zeta and they wanted to get Larry King
Sure and they told and they told him well the only reason they told him is because we got wind of it
We put it on the air so they were forced to tell him and they told him in a real nice way
Well if we get King you're out if we don't get him you're still you still got a job
Unbelievable, you know, and that was the bottom line over there at WOLD
And I know I've taken a lot of shots for example
I just sliced this place to pieces when we were at Zeta and
Part of the reason being while they had made a lot of mistakes and also I had never met Disney and I really didn't know very much about what this company was doing in the changes they were making
But I got news for you man that WOLD that outfit over there that that's about is low
As you can go
The way they operate that whole
Thing I don't even know what term to use for it. It's a thing
Mm-hmm over there
And just throw on that old schlock that they've been peddling out for God only knows how long and
Now they put Sally Jessie who is about as terminal, you know her TV show is bad enough, but her radio show is just terminal
What do they call her
Counselor without portfolio which means she has absolutely no qualifications whatsoever to give anybody any advice
And she sits there and in 30 seconds or less she's gonna solve people's lifetime problems, okay?
She can't solve her own problems. She's only been fired what 38 times or something like that some outrageous amount of times
And the only reason that she's catching on now that she's had any success now with the TV thing is because it came along at a
Time when everybody's got a TV talk show. This is trendy and so she happened to come along at a time when she could exploit the same
Bizarre twisted topics that all these other fakers are doing. Yeah, so there's no live overnight talk and the no live
Well, a matter of fact there's no live talk from 9 p.m. to 6 a.m
I mean witchner certainly doesn't count his live talk. Okay. You got a good boy
I mean his wig expired 20 years ago and nobody told him all right
So he keeps the bring it in every night, but I mean he that's not live talk. That's that's a foolishness
garbage
For ancient geriatric rednecks that's what that shows all about
You know that three hours of that are four hours and then nobody overnight and
I got news for you man
It really sucks
It really stink this is supposed to be a major market is one of the top 10 or 11 markets in the country and
There is no live talk at night anywhere in the market and overnight you got a you know a choice
Of listening to some gravelly voiced douchebag out of Arlington, Virginia
I don't want to mention his name because he's on this station or now Sally Jessie
Great. See Sally's not so bad when you can see her on TV and laugh at the pink glasses, but on radio
You can't even see the pink glasses through
So Craig gets a screwed again the royal
Finger the fickle finger of eight and I'm gonna call him
I'm gonna have him on the show one day this week because the thing that they did to him and so par for the course
That they do with everybody in this business. They don't give him a chance to say goodbye
Hmm
In other words on Monday morning yesterday they tell him well or whenever it was they told him but it was after his last show
You're not gonna be on again. That's standard. Yeah standard in the business. This doesn't affect on well
I mean, he's only been in a market for 14 15 years Craig were they were longer than that
I don't know some incredible amount 15 or 16 years. Yeah, don't ask me about done well
I wouldn't dignify it with a response
The wicked web. Yeah, in fact if he's still gonna be on wouldn't that be something because he's only been canned over there
About 20 times and keeps coming back for more punishment
There's a guy with no shame whatsoever. I mean seriously
He's been fired over there at least a half a dozen times literally and he keeps coming back and he said hey
How about you know we're desperate? How about going on on the weekend over not sure anything you want, you know, I'm desperate too
Obviously real desperate. Well, you know when you're the Casanova the community is kind of difficult to find enough time to make a living sure
So I just thought I mentioned it a lot of people on our audience don't know who Craig is because
He hasn't been on a daytime show in the market for years a lot of people who are talk show groupies in a market know him very well
And I just thought I'd pass it along to you because it really stinks. It sucks the big one is what it does, okay?
But that's WOLD man again, you know, they're not the only ones because we do it here and
I and Z certainly has done it for a long time with an awful talk net with Bruce Williams and
All that in Sally used to be on there on talk net. That's right. She got bounced out of there and now she's over on
ABC is it I guess whatever I don't know where the hell she is and everything to the making difference because no matter what network
She's on she's still just is boring and just is unqualified to give anybody advice
Counselor without portfolio. That's like saying brain surgeon without degree
Kind of similar I would say
21 past 10 at W I O D if you look reaming and pleading with you over the years don't even think about getting into this business
A lot of young people you know want to get into broadcasting. They want to be sports casters or talk show host or
Disjockeys or whatever it is forget it. Okay, it's the road to hell
It's the road to absolute immediate nervous breakdown. It's not because the business itself isn't a lot of fun
It could be but the people in management for the most part are morons. Don't you understand?
People who don't have any talent and can't do anything else become program directors
General managers now when they totally blow it everywhere in the business then they become consultants
Okay, when they can't get a real job with the station then they come in and they screw up everybody else's station, all right?
Consultants and I just want to make this comment and by the way
They do have consultants here at this station just like they have all around this market radio stations that hire consultants
ought to be embarrassed they ought to hang their heads in shame because you know what that's like
That would be like if you're a housewife hiring a consultant to come in to teach you how to do housework
Because it's like an admission that you don't know what the hell you're doing
See for example if you're a program director of a major market station
We just got a new PD so we you know we exclude Gary because he just started yesterday. We'll pick on him next week but
The bottom line is if you're the PD you're so you're being paid because you supposedly know something about programming a radio station
You know about music or you know about talk or you know about news you got to know something and
yet when you look at the long list of programming mavens for example
I don't want to mention Mark Cune from I N Z or Rose Folger from Zeta
Who would be very nice people if they were say pushing a cart?
You know, it's a bread hot dog stand on a street corner somewhere
They'd be very nice folks to chat with but within the context of this business are impossible because they haven't got a close to what they're doing
Not a clue
I mean we I could go on we could do a monologue about bolder the rest of the show nice guy outside of the business a super guy outside of the business
But unfortunately within a context of the company that he's working for and within a context of the job that he's in
Which is way over his head at least in this market?
I mean he's a one-dimensional person. He did something in Portland, Oregon, which was very successful up there
He thinks he can do it here and for two years he's been trying to force feed the audience here music that they don't want to hear
But he else for it he else for it for the fact that the numbers don't go on and
How many times how many conversations did we have always say hey?
You've got to play some current music you got to play some artists that you don't like like Billy Joel or you know a whole bunch of others
You can't let your personal taste interfere and you know something even the music that I like and I like you know
About 20 30% of the music they play on that station even though we don't have great feelings toward them
But even the music I like I'm beginning to dislike because every time I punch them up
They're playing the same thing. I love the dooby brothers
But how many times can you listen to China Grove? You know, I mean how many times can you listen to the same records over and over again?
You'll never believe this but I won't buy him on the dial this morning driving to work in CCR was on yeah
Very says matter fact this weekend they played I mentioned I heard a block of BT out. Hey, here's a block
Hey, here's a block of CCR. I am before the first note sounded I punched it out. Yeah
And before I started the work in there fact before we were at wins in the daytime and we started listening to their format
I used to like CCR they were all right some of their stuff is pretty good
But after you've heard it for the 20,000th time it's like sweet-duty blue eyes now
There's a classic example how you can take somebody's favorite record and turn it into something they almost ate
Sweet-duty blue eyes by crossbeast Ilzenash used to be one of my five or ten favorite records
It's a classic. It's an epic record. Okay. It's just my and they just bang it and bang it and bang it bang it
And to the point where just I'd hear those first guitar notes man
I want to blow my brains out. It's and because it's such a long record. It's about six and a half minutes long at least and
They just have they just don't want to expand or open up new horizons
They just want to keep pounding the same crap out and they don't understand why nobody's listening to it
So it must be my fault or your fault or somebody's fault
But it's not bolders fault and it is his fault because he's ultimately responsible for programming that station
I tried to explain the market to him some but now they don't want to listen
They've all got the answers man. They don't they've just go down in flames with their own failure
They don't want to listen. By the way, I'll give you an example of consultant told me years ago
And you may remember this a great example of what a consultant does and this consultant told me it's like
Someone comes and tells you how to make love
But they can't do it. Yeah, they're important. Yeah. Yeah, that's a consultant. That's correct
Like I said, it's somebody who can't get a job doing anything else in the business
So as the last resort they become consultants and they run around telling everybody else how to do it
Yeah, they haven't got a clue perfect example it
Well, I got a lot of consultant stories number one
You remember we had lead Gillette there who had some personal problems and I was doing fine out in Phoenix
But Lee had one of the great voices in radio. I mean
Still today and one of the greatest voices in radio and television in the country
Yeah, and he did this booming production all this great sounding real real sharp sounding strong
Powerful stuff and what are the consultants do they had some guy who sounded like we used to call the 10-year-old boy in Cleveland or Cincinnati somewhere
Yeah, they want a high voice like this
Zeta for another classic on Zeta for doesn't have to be old
Yeah, exactly and a guy sounded like his a 10-year-old kid
He sounded like that PD at Y100, you know and
So they call a lead Gillette stuff off which is great powerful sounding production
They put all this crap on okay because the consultant wanted them to put it on that's right
Trying
Unbelieveable I like when they brought the new consultant in and bolder told us this was the marketing
Oh, yeah, he was too embarrassed to admit they had another consultant and who was their first consultant over there
And this is inside stuff but the audience loves it. They'd feed on this. Yeah
Rick Sklar. Yeah, they bring is the first consultant now most of you are too young to know who Rick Sklar was because he's like from before Joey
Reynolds, okay, which is like before the fathered time
God Sklar was the guy who put on WABC in New York many many years ago when it was the big rock station with cousin Brucey and
Herb Oscar Andersen all those people and then Ingraham and Scott Muni so anyway
That that was his claim to fame and of course the bottom line was WABC was not a good sounding station to begin with
It was dramatically overproduced with eight billion kinds and bongs and the reverb that could sound like it was coming from Carl's bad caverns
But it just happened to have this gigantic signal that covered about 40 states tonight with you know it was right there
50,000 watts on 77 and
It was the dominant rock signal in New York. So naturally they did tremendously well for many years with that
Oh, somebody came along started competing in an a you know, that's why they're doing
garbage talk now on ABC
So Rick Sklar they bring in to consult
The AM which at that time was mostly talk we're on AM he knows nothing about talk and to consult the FM which was a
Which was aOR which again a man knows nothing about aOR you know nothing about radio period since the days way back in the 50s and 60s
when he was in his heyday
And that should give you a pretty good idea of what goes on and why no seriously
I was talking to the new our new program director yesterday was asking me to you know give him some insights into this market
There there are no insights into the market. It's a bush league town
I mean most of the radio in this town is so bad
It's embarrassing the music on FM here is some of the worst you will ever hear in any I'm not just major market in any market
There's that station up the coast. I can never think of the call letters. It's on 92 points something or whatever that big
Rock station on FM
Not in Orlando, but it's on the east coast. It's like do east. I don't know where the hell it is. Is it the one in Fort Pierce?
Oh any whatever it is. It's a great sounding station and the music is tremendous
I mean it just play every record is a hit every record is great. It's just it's a sensational sounding radio station
Stage here is yeah every time I think that's a reach well whatever it is. It's a great sounding station
The stations in this market man. It's like it's like they're want to insult you
They keep playing all some skewer crap and stuff that you don't want to hear anymore and and you can go for like a half hour at a time
You can go a half hour at a time and punch up and now most of the car radio is you got 12 FM presets
Why I don't know because there ain't 12 FM stations you'd want to punch in there
But you can punch every one that's playing music and not hear anything that you ever want to hear again ever
And you can do that for a half hour 45 minutes
And you just keep swearing and of course, I don't know why I guess when you're in the car radio is a habit
Even though you got speedy players and cassette decks
There just a lot of us who are
Used to hearing the radio when you're in a car that to me is radio listening time
I do not turn on the radio very often at home rarely
Mm-hmm
crap but it's just
Frustrating is how it's garbage
That's why I end up so often driving to work listening to the sounds of the city
Nothing a lot roll down those windows. That's right
It's 1033 at WIOD if you've ever been turned down for a loan
That lots of times he would fill in if somebody was sick and then come back into his own shift overnight and pull
And just anything they wanted which is just his nature they just that's a kind of guy he is he would give you the shirt off his back
And you know winds up getting the screwing I mean not that they had some great job that they were given him anyway
Because that's the graveyard shift and they're very few people who'd want to do it
And I'm sure that the outlay of cash that they were putting out to pay him for that show was minimal at best minimal at best
But we're gonna have him on one day this week
So I will have the opportunity to chat with him number one and number two give him a chance to speak to the audience
Which they naturally try to deprive you of doing as if you're gonna go on the air and say you know horrendous things or something on your last day
Which is ridiculous because if you want to work in a business again
It just doesn't happen that way
But see the management people because they are for the most part such douchebags
They don't know how to end a relationship gracefully
It's like when we left over at Zeta and we were there for ages that you know weeks after we agreed that you know
We were leaving. I told them hey goodbye and they finally said okay good luck to you
And here's a letter of release which I had a scream and shout and yell to get
But um
We were willing to just stay until a reasonable point and not leak it out and not publicize it and try to do it in a
Reasonable way and it just they couldn't handle it. We were gonna stay for months. Well, no, no, let's not get carried away
Okay, you know, it's amazing how you get emotional about it. It was two months a month about a month and a half
Well, that's close max max
That's close
Don't say months like because it sends chills up my spine
Just thinking about that. It doesn't have to be old to be a classic. Oh, yes, it does
It does have to be old to be a club. They couldn't make up their mind, man
They didn't know whether the scream or eat for bananas over there. They still don't know
I mean, I got news for you. It isn't that hard and I'll give you another example
There were some we yesterday we were talking about all these
TV shows and about the thing about heavy metal is the heavy metal just started which is ridiculous because it's been around for years and years
I mean K102 went out of that format and became magic how many years ago many several years ago
and
But the point is here another example. I don't like a lot of that music
I don't like most of that music
But there's definitely a market for it and the fact that none of the FM's in this market really incorporate very much of that indicates again that there's a major
omission
You just got a whole bunch of people all trying to do the same thing
I mean how many slush 90 forers do you need you got joy playing that music now and slush 90 for is planted now
Even life is starting to play like Neil diamond records and barbers strison stuff like that vocals and how many stations you need doing the same thing
It's like those days when we had four talk stations in the market boy you talk about overkill
That that period of time when GBS was on for what was it here you're in a half?
With their one shares that Lee Fowler and Dennis Collins so brilliantly engineered
Those with the day they just killed talking this market as we knew it
Which is one of the reasons that ultimately I got to do and that kind of talk because there was such a burnout on every subject that's ever been invented and every guest in this market
This isn't New York okay, and it's not Los Angeles
Those are the only two markets maybe Philadelphia and Washington I guess those are the only four markets I can think of even Chicago and Detroit
Don't have that many real name people that you'd want to interview on a talk show
But this is Miami. There nobody here to talk to I mean there's about a half a dozen to a dozen chronic guests
And they keep showing up on the same shows all the time
And I'm always needling Steve about it, but I realize you don't have a lot of choice because there is a very limited number of people
And when the programming people keep forcing you to do guests
Who are you going to put on?
And I've told that story many times about how I used to keep those books those notebooks with all my guests in and I'd go back
And I'd look and there'd be the same names over and over again
I mean good people nice people although some of them were boring like Ed Cohen
But I mean I'd see those same names over and over and I think to myself gee I'm not I can do better than this
Anybody can do better than this
Hmm
Now this fits in and this is absolutely true when I tell you this
I had a dream last night. Oh, jeez. I had a weird dream last night too. Did you now?
I'm trying to remember what it was about a very strange dream
I remember this one because it sort of burned into my brain. Laura had a strange dream last night
She was looking at Marvin when she was talking about I had a dream
This is serious that you went as a guest on the sandy patent show. I am serious as a heart
Oh, I know what my dream was my dream was that I was I was supposed to be doing play by play of the mommy heat basketball game at the arena
Uh-huh and it was like for any afternoon and there was this thunderstorm and I kept thinking the game was gonna get rained out
Which back basketball games don't get rained up, but in a dream, you know some good when you're under a lot of pressure in this business
And then I remember showing up and I couldn't find a press box and it was like 10 minutes till airtime
You and I both had radio. I showed up at the last minute
I had somebody drive me there and he dropped me off and I ran in I had no idea where I was going
I had no information. I had no line-ups. No nothing
and
I run and I find a press box and there's one of our engineers
I don't know who it was some non-existent person up there with a
Surly looking guy dirty with a dirty shirt on and he's the color guy
He's doing the color on the game and he's not speaking to me at all
And I'm saying well do we have any line-ups? Do we have any anything?
And I'm looking to stuff on the floor and just searching for scraps of something
And you know what that is that's another variation of the same dream
I used to talk about about finding yourself alone in the station
Yeah, sure trying to read the news and running out of copy and having no record cute up radio night there
unprepared is the word the fear of being unprepared
See when you do this kind of a show you don't have to be prepared because if you're full of crap like I am
You can just come on and just talk forever which I might do today
I don't think we might take any calls today, you know don't answer any more of them just let them
I don't know why even bother
Because most of the colors are morons anyway, so why waste our time with that
If they were so good they'd have their own show
Right if they had anything to say they don't have anything to say are you doing guys?
Are you doing bird?
Oh
So in the dream I was talking what's hanging guys? I was talking to sandies producers. I'll sound like a they sound like pee
We herman at different speed
Okay, we're talking to sandies producer. Yes, and we're sitting yeah, wasn't that criminal sandy paint and still on the year
Boring the world she ain't got a sense of humor for five seconds
It came out on Steve show yesterday. Oh, Steve downplayed it
I don't know what Steve's new love affair is with the people at WOLD
But he was you know his good friend Debbie Yellowson is good friend sandy
I don't know what the hell he's talking about unless he's looking to hit him up for a loan or something but
But I mean sandy with her her hysteria about bilingualism
I mean I gave up that subject years ago and I realized that there were a lot of bigots who were trying to exploit
The issue and use me in a program and you know it took me a while
But I finally realized that it was just a waste wasted time at a very divisive issue
But man there isn't a month that goes by that she doesn't have Harry Robbins. I do not do it another and isn't it amazing that in the Cuban community
They're always screaming about neo-roggers and what a bigot I'm supposed to be but when it comes to sandy paint
Maybe that's because nobody listens to her show good point
But that's all she talks about between the collectible guys and TV repairman the only other thing she's got is bilingualism
Well, she's obsessed with it. I do like that. So here Craig is out of a job who could really he could probably give us some competition during these hours
Because he's a funny guy and it does a fun show and she's over there in that in that book in the fall book
We beat her already and we were only on five weeks
What is that?
I mean, she was doing fours and fives before we came over here now. He's already going down in the three
How about that and dropping like a rock
Well, I do I kind of like and then a Debbie Ellis other than being you know the size of Arlene Ross's but what is hers?
He's no talent
I never forget the day that the guy from New Times called me for that ridiculous article
They wrote and it was like he was in shock because he couldn't believe what I was saying
He's not a major talent by far far from it. She's just another knee jerk liberal
Kind of from the Shirley Peter School of Broadcasting who repeats the same old tired crap night after night after night
There's no entertainment there
zero
That whole station is a zero. It's tired. It's old
It's archaic
It's 1045 at W I O D you're wound up like an alarm clock well up because I'm sick and tired of watching good decent people having their lives ruined by the morons who manage and own these radio stations it's disgusting
Don't confuse anybody with the fact that somebody likes personality A or personality B like Stan
Stan was only number one in the afternoon over there. Okay book it and book out great demographics
He was the last vestige of reality they had on W I N Z
He's the he was the only thing that they had left on that station
And they blow them out because they want to play safe. Okay, because they're scared of their own shadow over there
So let's put on the old news and get all those good old demographics than nobody wants to buy
And go back into the twos, which is exactly where they are
Station with that signal with the best signal of any AM station in the daytime in the state of Florida now
Incredible and they got twos
Well, what about Zeta see I could take and believe me. I'm not trying to do this for an ego trip
But anybody with minimal knowledge of broadcast and could take those two radio stations over there
Just use an example and make them both number one in six months
I guarantee you that if you could get the right talent
And if you were left to your own resources and it'll allow to do your own thing make them both number one and both big money makers in six months
So something's got to be wrong. That's a big ifs boy. Well, yeah
Well, that doesn't happen because people that are brought in what you're going to be the program director
But you can't decide this and you can't decide that and you can't fire this one and you can't hire that one
And you can't spend any money and you can't be creative and you can't do this
So you know all it does is make you a glorified bookkeeper because the people in management more often
They're not don't have any idea about any of that bookkeeper and there's a ton of it
You have to do for the FCC and for god only knows who else
And so they have to find glorified bookkeepers
That's what Mark Kunoa that's why he's still over there at wins because they admired the fact that he was a good bookkeeper
He could keep all of those forms filled out and you know all of those files filled and all of that
Crail that you like to have you know against the employees all of that stuff real well. Look at office manager
exactly
So people who are called program directors in this business very often aren't really program directors at all
They're just it's a great term you come up with their office managers. That's all
They just organized paperwork they fill out all the network stuff and they send it in on time and all the
all the pay
Those things that you fill out right they call those because I never fill them out time sheets
Yeah, the time sheet the weekend schedule always comes out schedule is very big part of it
That's what it's all about look at that all the lines you're lit now
And I said we might not even take it well
We will take some calls because we wouldn't want to upset our dear friends out there and radio land would we?
Because Marvin's gone to the trouble of answering all these calls and it would be a shame
It would be wrong his Nixon would say just to leave all these people hanging
So the end of the dream was I was talking to Sandi's or no sir just the end was she was her producer speaking in english or spand
Or was she going
And Sandy came over and she says you know, I just don't know
I just I just can't get the ratings Neil does and the producer looked at her and says
You're not eating on the air
That's the end of the dream. Oh, yeah
Well tune in this morning folks. We'll give you a permission for a few minutes. Sandy may be picking out on the air today
I'll never forget you talk about desperate. Do you remember the show that she did she always when she was on the station
She always had that high that pseudo intellectual plane where she was above the fray and she wouldn't talk about other talk
Hosted wouldn't get down in the mud, you know with me or anybody else
And then she did a show where she asked the audience do you want me to do that?
I mean that that has got to be the most desperate lack of a show that I've ever heard in my life
That's even worse than doing one of those old Bob Lasseter polls. Okay. Good lord positive or negative
Speaking of that. What are we doing tomorrow?
Positive or negative
Well, you know when Lasseter was doing the show the audience without audience he had it would always be negative
No matter what it was you bet
But I got to say one thing I'm saying quickly because I do like the bilingual proctologist. Yeah, I got it to be fair
Yeah, the one who speaks to assholes in both languages. That's correct. It's 1050 10b
