mine is the kind thing to do if you have a guilty conscience bring them cigarettes
when you come to visit them on weekends and then again i could be wrong
they call me mel
uh...
thirty nine twenty one to eleven at w i o d we got a call in my amy hello
ack morning you know how you've got a how you do it how you doing i'm doing great
what's up babe
i knew the answer what's happened to
hey i just got a couple of things number one uh...
i met in the office
can you hear me
hello
someone walks in you know i just gonna sound a little funny but i'll tell me
you're important call okay
if i that dog you'll take twenty thousand okay
right over here by a week from the sookers
that dog years get any bigger you're gonna have to use something besides a match
that you know
to keep uh... training it yeah like maybe your foot
it
it will come
i've got a try to get hold of your last week before the grand prix
uh... i couldn't get in on friday
there people go not to have the feeling that this is going to be a call i'm
going to regret concluding is there any special reason for that
now i'm half way with friend because of uh...
i'm sitting here in a cubicle
and a little birder king
corporate high-courters and uh...
and they they monitor the phone bill to get you know the number you call
and how many that you are on it this is about
fifty
look i've got a uh...
did not have certified will believe you go ahead sir
i got a memo here that he defacts to you
it wouldn't do it any good it's on portacol how to
treat some kind of it's on what portacol
how to treat a guy name or protocol
yeah protocol
portacol protocol
you know uh... birder kings now you say cubicle you mean like uh... where they put
bundy like in solitary
zellotry talking about that
i realize they have phones for those places
patented everything
but got you know we're bought now we're owned by the bridge
over there in england
burger king
but wait a minute wait a minute we've got a crisis now what do you mean they want
to bring food
didn't any didn't anybody in the sales department listen to this show
no
no
to business what are they listening to why one hundred percent of the world is
jockey
uh...
is it going to have to come in here and uh... we're gonna have to make a deal on
that
but you can't you can't do it through rhodger okay rhodger is not going to take
the blame for
this is going to be a sir we're not paying any attention to what you say
we have little up i don't see the door opening
i don't see the door opening
yes
what does that mean what about plan
and
yet
a meal well i want some of those fritters then
little bit will take care of it and some of those hot crab raffioles
it will take care of it
out of the last day okay i'm serious
uh...
the first thing that happened i come in this morning here's this box of
four hundred home in touch and you're after went to that whole thing yesterday
yes go ahead pal
you're killed a good three or four minutes here you have a set of god damn thing
that go ahead what do you want
that you want
that out of the
okay good luck to you ten forty two at w i d at least he was on long enough he
did perform a service he was on long enough that we can go through that big
song and a dance about
armandillo cafe okay i'll eat whatever they bring okay
for four hundred pounds of food i did i don't want to hear from dennan
burger i want to have a bad bad bad bad linda and susan your wonderful folks but
i'll have fat rich carry my bag your back okay
but we can't deal with this okay it's like being pulled in a hundred different
directions i don't have any will power
by hand will power i wouldn't wait seven hundred pounds in a first place okay
these home a tush in a good no they're not
for a goyish a couple like you they are but yes exact those are not what
home a tushner really like those are like paste trees these are
hummentation are more like
puffed up
Danish okay that's what they look like they look like puffed i mean the real
ones puffed up Danish and they're filled with fresh poppy seed these are like
little um
i don't know what you would call me they're not bad but they're not the real
thing and don't anybody get the idea not we're not cruising or trolling for
hummentation right now these are going home a tushner yeah they're for
going on the way you and renery and roger and henry are you know this
more than the sheriff and we don't have any Jews working here anyway so what
are we going to do
mara we're going to have for all the goyem in the building we're going to be
taste testing hall of a what we're going to do is take some cardboard and slice it
up real thin and glue it together with lapages glue and you'll never know the
difference it tastes just like hall of a
we ever had hall of a it tastes like paper cut up real fine yeah
would like some flavoring in between it's a ten forty three at w i o d let's go
to Miami hello hello yeah good morning how are you I'm doing fine thanks
i'm sure glad we got monday out of the way i'll tell you that why because it was
dreadful yesterday yeah i heard a little bit of it i was pretty ponder it was
the worst yeah i know i'm embarrassed for you people out there about it not
for me but for the audience it's okay we can stand it all right okay i was
looking at the u.s. h.a. monday and they have just as i said that two lines
dropped off okay really it's called counting your chickens before they drop it
up strong i was listening i was i was listening i was reading the u.s. h.a. today they have a list of
the top 20 uh the top rated radio stations in 20 major markets yeah and under the Miami
four-loaded wait a minute is this in today's paper yesterday no monday oh yesterday yeah
i had some the u.s. h.a. today you have to say yes what i think you just said yeah the u.s.
say today yes yesterday right uh they have uh among the uh top rated stations in my
army w.i.n.v.a.m. news talk radio 940 what is this from two two three years ago
this is yesterday's newspaper no they're a little bit behind the side they keep going
they keep going with 96.5 wait a minute this listing is for people over the age of 80
then probably they're correct no let's you know they don't have a footnote so
and they don't say anything but that was pretty that's okay yeah they say they're the top station
in the market or what do they say here's a list of the top rated radio stations in 20 major
markets yeah so they go on and list all these different markets and then they go down to Miami
four-loaded or hollywood and the very first one is 940 news talk w.i.n.v.a.m.
w.i.n.v.a.d. is nowhere to be seen here um i even live classical 93.1 wtmi fm
orbin contemporary country 940. they found out you know uh USA the day is published by
guñet out of rochester right and they found out they saw in print somewhere they saw
g-a-n-n-e-t and they thought it was guñet it's gana and poland main but immediately they panicked
and they said well you better put w.i.n.z in the list okay because it looks like our station which
it's not this is amazing us tmi and kiss both have like very small ratings i know well they're
all right they are country of country of mw.i.k.k. how about zeta is that in there no no
neither not yet that goes to show you it's bogus is it in there and you know it's not for real
yeah well they're turning the corner there uh they sure have yeah all right thanks a lot okay
to take care and the fhp is out there trying to find it okay i guess i was getting a little
over enthusiastic we do have some lines open now one in date one in brown and one in bokeh it's
kind of like balanced out now just to make it even i was getting a little carried away you know
after yesterday's debacle but it's not too bad you want to talk to that man for a second about what
about a couple things no to what man bitch about what about cd players and no we're not going to do
that on the air we know no he's bad enough we got a little bit of rf back in here again he
walked out anyway okay let's take one problem at a time all right oh are one of the worst
troublemakers i've ever seen in my life we got an open line in bokeh 278 9463 278 w.i.d i think
what would be a lot more important than any of those things if we get one of those cbs
opt-a-pad or opt-a-max or whatever they call those that's what that we could talk to him about
too so that when a mic plays music in the morning and we occasionally play music that it doesn't sound
like way in the background like that it's got to when you have one of those things in there
it like brings out the highs and it actually doesn't sound that bad on a m right i'd like
like we used to have it i and z yeah i'd like to talk in fact why don't we have mitches go over there
and he can steal it out of the rack because they're not playing music anyway over there well remember
that thing we used to have a cbs opt-a-pad or whatever they call that so the music sounded real good on a
m.i.m. you know what it's called opt-a-mod mini pad something like that opt-a-mod anyway maxi pad
that's what it was called because max was one of the engineers so they called it a maxi pad right
but anyway he's aware it wants to know it was kind of cute but they're not playing any music over
there any plus they're almost off the year why don't we just go over there and borrow it
because the music on this station just don't cut it it really doesn't sound so good you know what i mean
we're not trying to find problems but we just we would like to we're striving for excellence okay
now sooner or later when we reach mediocrity then we'll know that we're at least one step further
toward excellence right but what about when Arlene was occasionally sings over there that is true
that is true and when they say is it real or is it mammurex okay boy those lines are just
going nuts again here today you people just man you know how to keep people manic in this market one
day it's like death-fally days and the next day i'm not saying they got a lot to say but they're
sure in a much-friendly or mood today then they were yesterday we could offer to a hundred bucks
a call yesterday and i guarantee you nothing yeah absolutely nothing to say of course if they would
have turned the damn transmitter on that would have helped i guess but we'd like to give everybody a
handicap it's a ten forty eight twelve minutes till eleven at wio day let's uh oh we got a mobile see
every time i plan to do something man they screw it all up mobile and bokeh hello Neil yeah you're
gonna crack up i got three things for you okay uh i work for a mill work company and bokeh
are telling we've got eleven sales people we all listen to you religiously we love you
congratulations send in donations sir um i can you drop like if i if i mention somebody's name
that you don't want me to mention to on the air can you drop just that name without the whole call
well i don't have to drop the whole call but it'll drop um you know that man's sunny
yeah okay uh friend of ours from lambie is having an extreme harassment problem with the gentleman
and he wants to do something about it can you steer him in the right direction or should i put him
in touch with you or you in touch with him no having called Norman Kent up and for Lauderdale
can call my lawyer norm would love to do some more business with halendale i'm sure okay he is
he is like all upset he's really giving the man a problem well and having called him i'm telling
arm is there in broward county and he's very familiar with uh what he's dealing with so i
haven't given mcconn okay i'll take care of that that's the first thing the second thing
this is the funny part i had a dream the other night you're gonna laugh that this sunny man won
and he moved you kind of strange the nege say so i thought he did anywhere just to be on the
say so okay go ahead pal what's the third and the third and the last thing you have a card that
came from one of the i think uh universities in Miami with some girl says you tired of hearing
people eat on the air yeah fiu it's from woofius from that station that's in the socket
you got to plug your brain into an electric socket on campus it's the only way you can hear it
the only way yeah i've got to plug something into that socket if there's any way possible could you
just throw that on sometime i guess if it'll make you happy pal boy this has been a really productive
thank you for the holiday i appreciate it okay good luck to you thanks but i'm sure glad we
interrupted the whole flow of the show for that one uh okay we have an open line in bokeh 278
9463 that's 278 wiod it's 10 to 11 and we'll be right back sports talk gives you more than
just sports scores it's in depth talk with the players coaches and your comments now more with
neo-rotters on news talk radio six them w-i-o-d hi everybody this is safety office and mic
types and heavyweight champion the world you baddest dude around the baddest driver around too
with your driving tip of the day a few months ago i was in a cave mart with my ex-wife
Robin Gibbons i can't believe it maybe you read about it in the papers anyway she buys me one of
these cute little garfields the cats with suction cup feet which they stuck on the window in my car
when we left the store on the way home i drove into a tree i can't believe it maybe you read about
it in the papers i couldn't see the tree because the damn cat was in my way Robin said i was stupid
to stick garfield on the windshield i mean that that's really bitchy to me i mean call the heavyweight
champion the world stupid now that's stupid so i fake i fake robin or left it i took her out with
a clean right hand not to write down completely first a standing a count i couldn't believe it
maybe you read about that in the paper anyway my attitude toward gaffer the cat has really been
affected greatly i mean in fact if i see you driving around with garfield the cat in your car i made
loose complete control i don't know what'll happen maybe you'll read about that in the papers too
could be ten fifty four at wio d let's go to pomey chelo yeah you're actually people but
for the last year i've been here is like people harping on your about about your weight you know i
just tell them speak up sir speak up and you know by a face you know yeah why the hell are they
harping on you about about the weight who's harping on me everybody everybody calls it seems like
they aren't don't that get old man you know it seems to me like this is the first call we've had
this crack call from pomey ches the first one we've had about my weight yeah you have to get to
four five hundred pound doesn't make any difference anymore okay oh man i know that's not your
forte yeah well listen you're what is your forte life yeah okay well start working on it right now
k-pound ten fifty five at wio d we have an open line and putt that was on a pomeach line by the way
just want to mention that i don't know six five five nine four six three if we have any more
air heads up there with an IQ of under three my emmy hello well kneel yeah i wanted to ask
Glenn about that piece they did on the inside story the other day yeah i know kneel like the piece
but uh glenn anything about you did you notice that i mean they hardly showed you had a glance
that by accident he wasn't about him sir wasn't about him okay just try to control yourself
well he is part of the show no he's not he's just here to eat and get a paycheck and have a good
time just get a few laughs okay that's pretty good and any others no not yet well let you know
though if enough food comes in we may have to recruit some other people to come in just kind of
sit around chuckle and eat a little bit you know they'll pay it sounds good okay i want to ask
you kneel about the on a waiting list about that story the other day the hollywood uh
yeah here comes the good shot yeah uh were you finding chance for an arena coat at that theater
a trench coat a trench coat yeah anything underneath no nothing underneath in fact there was a hole
in the pocket i ran out of quarters do you remember me no and i'm afraid i don't want to
we what a maniac 10 56 at wio do you just here by the tone in the voice right at the beginning
of the call you know we have an open line and date 751 9463 751 wio de hollywood hello hi Neil how
i don't know that's a good question how did you go to your shrink and find out
listen i really hate Mondays too yesterday was my birthday all right these in the other room
with more porno movies again now boy this guy just never stops okay and listen to you and drive
on my truck and that monstrous rain yesterday uh it was terrible um i do have some uh i would like
to try and bring your day up for you a little bit well good and with the sound of that tone in your
voice it sounds like by the time we get through i'm really going to be comatose well listen i'd
like to thank com com ikey and wio do for the tickets to mark like actually i called in yesterday
morning and right got some tickets so maybe this will uh you bet they're not going to give you
tickets on a day when they're playing again that would be even better well maybe listen to this
might help you out a little bit
yeah it's Harry's wonderful can barely hear it
okay
don't you love it i really upset with store a cable that uh i don't want to hear about it pal
get yourself a satellite dish okay forget about store a cable you're never going to get uh what
oh that was the only one i have on my cable was for wg n and they took it away from me and uh
i'm like really pissed about it so what do you want me to tell you i told you get a satellite
dish stop whining stop being a whip on your life go out and get yourself a dish call tell star
right now and stop whining well it sounds like the only you're gonna wait for a store if you're
gonna wait for a store to give you what you want pal you got a lot of a long wait okay yeah i'm
finding that out uh it's really bad okay good luck about the food you're getting yeah try
something like to come illus okay okay any other advice um keep doing what you're doing okay
wow ten fifty eight a w i d like i said this is a big improvement over yesterday
those people missed yesterday show that should give you a real good idea
real good barometer by which to measure just how low we sank yesterday man this audience was in a
coma yesterday uh one open line and date and in brown in date county let's give those numbers
real slowly because it'll kill the rest of the hour 751 9463 751 w i o d and in brown
the headline is Peter Falk hey waiter there's an eye in my soup and it's mine oh god i'll read
to the story after the news something to stay tuned for a little incentive they ought to be able
to relate to that in hell and there's a lot of those people have something in their soup you know
like their teeth yeah anyway Henry Barrow is standing by Henry put in quite a day yesterday
even Jesse Owens and all his other great olympic stars would have been hard pressed to match
Henry's Olympian feats yesterday boy i'll tell you what did he say was doing wine testing from
noon till midnight yeah and he's gonna really be telling you all about that along with a few other
little tidbits in the news coming up at 11 o'clock then we'll be back for our number two at 11 o' 5
Steve gun education in the schools at two and sports talk with Sunny and Joe at 605
new stock radio 610 w i o d presents Neil Rogers to get a touch and talk call 751 w i o d
and aid 524 w i o d and braw or 655 and 278 w i o d in the farm beaches other areas may call
collect the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station
now here's Neil Rogers on new stock radio 610 w i o d okay dwayne we're gonna try it once more
just remember now introduce yourself and read what's on the paper in front of you if you got it
yeah yeah okay fine dwayne stopped substance abuse awareness campaign this is take nine
huh hey dwayne Wayne that's your cue oh right anytime you're ready we're ready to wait
dwayne go oh hi this is dwayne's dump of black tooth kids when you drink and dry no dwayne no no
it's not when you drink and drive oh rat rat uh let me do it again yeah good idea uh this is
dwayne's dump the essay take ten huh this is dwayne's dump when i drink and drive oh cut dwayne
cut dway dwayne this spot is supposed to be against driving while intoxicated what nevermind uh we'll
do it one more time and remember say don't do drugs and if you must drink this holiday weekend
don't drive you got it now told you i got it fine dwayne stop psa take what is it 11
huh i'm dwayne stop telling you if you do drugs this weekend don't drive wrong again dwayne
it's don't do drugs don't do drugs that's what it's not it's not even close to what you said
you coming this booth i showed you how close it was cheerlock we're gonna do it again dwayne say don't
do drugs if you must drink this holiday weekend do not drive take 12 this is dwayne's dump weekends are
for drugs do drugs okay dwayne thank you very much for coming in uh i think with a little editing
we've got something we can use don't do drugs and if you must drink this holiday weekend don't drive
1107 at wiod and look at those daylines man they all vanished during the break i told you
that was gonna be uh just a little that's not gonna carry it away right a little bit better than
yesterday but not any blockbuster today all right okay date county 751
751 9463 and there's just somebody inspired and brownered to 524 wiod well a good part of it is
it's like recycling because when everybody drops off during the news like that then you start
all over again you know you get all the rid of all those hangovers from before the news we got a
mobile and brownered hello yeah sure we do okay good start this hour boy see that first hour they
give me that false sense of security and like fallen right off the end of a clip okay what comes
on at 11 Sally Jessie yeah is she on oh okay forget it we can't compete with that where's the
food already okay let's just get the food in here and hell with it i think i'm just gonna change
my mind on that let's just eat every day because we make a lot of gutterable sounds and it takes
up a lot of time then you just punch out anybody you don't care as long as they take up a little you know
as hannanda you know hello hellow nil yeah i'm just reading a nonglick at least happens across at you
we don't discuss that Ragon is correct all cuál jackets that he's been writing that crap for over
a year now because i did a number on the year year about two years ago i think it was you were
we don't you don't think the fine by discussing him on the year like you know i just
read it and just a new way to not only you you know that why you're reading that anyway I don't
know there's nothing but ads in it and pictures of you know who would jewelry around his neck
right i don't know why you were by the reading nobody else picks it up i've been trying to get
you for a few days about two weeks ago you had somebody that called in and said that someone
went to uh... i think it was how it goberg
and i asked howard goberg yeah that's what i goberg
and uh... i thought he was near rogers and i had to be a rogers
that was me and uh... well i call was almost as good as this one yeah well i just want
to introduce my quite no i just wanted to do so myself because i'm a big time fan of yours
well that's great and i'm sorry that he uh... didn't think you know anything of it but uh... who
i think if you see was like very uh... nasty nasty oh he was probably busy handicapping or something
he want to be bothered don't know he was upstairs at the press box where i was good well uh
they all the more reason he doesn't want to be bothered okay leave the guy alone
i just i'll have to run but i wish a lot to walk and keep on doing the work you know
okay thank you so much and call me again next racing season okay like about in two years
we have an open-line and groward five two four wio d boka hello
okay now let me read this please it'll be a big improvement over this and this is from the new
inquire march 14th plop and it's what it says starts off with plop explanation mark peter fox
glass eyes suddenly fell out and splashed into his soup while the columbus star was
chowing down at a fancy Hollywood restaurant a shocked woman fainted at in here by table
but unflammable fork just plucked his eye out of the bowl washed it off with his water on the table
and popped it back in when the gal revived theater center of free drinking and apology and assured
as waiter it was an accident not a psychic yeah the waiter said don't mind him he's always had an eye
for the ladies okay that columbus it's eleven past eleven at wio d you imagine if he was eating
dinner with Tammy Davis well i mean i've heard of people say waiter there's a fly in my soup but
i never heard anybody scream out there's an eye in my soup so i guess there's something little
little wrinkle every day okay two seven eight wio d and boka let's do a little bit of a break while
these people try to get their brains on strangle yeah boy i was what a what a foolish child i was at
the beginning of the show man i had such hopes you know i saw those flashing lights and i thought
boy here we go they're really back into it again but man they are just pathetic again that was quite
the same anyway this Sunday noon to three steven are going to be out there at toyota of hollywood
the number one theater with the number one deals that we've been telling you about on those
exciting incredible beautiful new eighty nine toyotas and no matter which one of those toyotas
you have your eye on yes you're gonna you're gonna find a tremendous election and great prices
tremendous folks to do business with that toyota of hollywood and don't forget that brick oven pizza
and the playoffs are going to be catering with free food for everybody who shows up at least
everybody who shows up while there's still food so i would i would show up early okay i'd get
there like about a quarter to twelve because those vultures come descending when they know there's
going to be food they just go nuts so if you get there uh... when you know the getting is good
you're gonna get some real good stuff from brick oven and playoffs you're gonna get great deals
on toyotas and you get to a meet of course the two superstars of stage screen and sometimes radio
yours truly and steve from noon to three this Sunday it's all happening at toyota of hollywood
on a four forty one between taft and sheridan streets in hollywood no one no sports in south
florida like rick weaver josegaaki sunny her shank over and jim mandage join our sports team for
sports talk every night at six now more with neal rogers on news talk radio six temp w i o d eleven
fourteen at w i o d let's we live dangerously take a call from west palm beach well hello hello nil
yes sir how you doing great plan how you doing okay i first i'm gonna make how he's doing
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha a share and this guy wants to know how you're doing
i heard you talking about the uh... bundy book this morning
yeah what was that the title of that oh god here we go the stranger beside me by and rule r u
l e
great it's only good it is good is an opponent about six different books out there while i'm sure
there are least that many now now that they got the got them fired
okay i appreciate i want to know the name of that well that's a good call pal thanks so much
1115 at W I O D we have both the Palm Beach lines open see they don't they don't call to converse from Palm Beach County
They only call it what was that back to you have on six years ago the one with a little eye
278 W I O D in Boka and six five five W I O D in Palm Beach
What are we gonna I just wish there was some way we could reach those people you know what I mean in Palm Beach County
Something we could do or say to bring them alive
No idea what it would be maybe we need Dr. Frankenstein to do that yeah
Miami hello
Okay, good. Hey, bird. How you doing today? Hey, okay? Oh boy. What are y'all says how you doing? I'm going home
Well, I hear the last guy asked each one of us separately how we doing and we both said great now
I realize it wasn't a great call but since his call and your call nothing has happened to change things
Well nice to hear that you guys are doing well. Yeah
I got a great
Why the wait can I ask you a question? How you doing? I'm doing fantastic. Well, it's nice to hear that
I got a blue hair story. We went to my wife and I went to this restaurant in in Hollywood
I don't know if I could use a name camis and
We're sitting there. What do you mean you don't know if you can use the name camis and then you throw it in there on
I don't understand
Hey, you know what you gonna do rip him
Well, no, no actually they have some great shrimp pasta if you ever wanted
They're a direct competitor with one of my sponsors. I'm not gonna promote that guy. I won't do that then
I won't much in there again
Good anyway, so we're sitting there and they're like six blue hairs sitting next to us in the table having a big feast
And so my wife are sitting there my wife and I are sitting there having dinner
And as we start
That's what you get for going into a place like that you get a bunch of blue hairs sitting around you, okay?
This couple on the end right next to us
They they reach over and they take napkins from our napkin holder to start
So my wife and I think well no big deal. They just took a couple napkins
Next the guy reaches over he takes our ass tray
Now I'm a smoker and I wasn't gonna have you know a cigarette because it's small cramp quarters
So he takes our ass tray meanwhile. They're not asking for anything they're just just
Just reaching over and grab it. Yeah, I can relate to that he takes our ketchup mind you
They reach over and they take our ketchup
Better cocktail sauce. Finally I said look excuse me. We're sitting here. You're over there
You've got plenty on your table. Would you mind keeping your hands to yourself? They look at me like I'm crazy
And so they they proceeded to get really angry with me because I told them that they couldn't take crap from our table
and
Anyway, the blue hair stories that I've heard on your show are
Nothing compared with a look on this guy's face. Well, we make it all up though according to Sunny Rosenberg
We just make it all up. They worked so hard to change the image of this town
They actually brought in three couples under 110
Last month, okay to try to change the image
I know hey um, they were 108 way to go on that weight loss with nutrition. You sound like you're doing good
I've been going to a gym. I'm doing it the hard way
You know, you know every line that you say is that has got the potential for me to do about a half an hour
You do realize that don't you on me or no just a half hour on the line. Oh, okay
All right, anyway, I'm not doing real good. Okay. I was doing real good in this weekend
They're just you see these sales people their thing is in fact one of the people
I don't want to mention Tom Denenberg
No, seriously he come up with a line a couple of weeks ago that was shocking
He said I'm not going to mention the name of a sponsor because it's a fine sponsor of ours and they're nice people
But he said they're bringing food tomorrow and I said no, we don't want food tomorrow. We got to stop
He said now they insist there's no such thing as you insist, okay?
See the last the last I remember from broadcasting 102 our job is like when somebody buys spots
And we do a great job for our sponsor
Especially the food sponsors okay, and spite of the fact you're promoting a competitor
We do a great job for our spot and what we do is we do the spot we get enthusiastic about it
We know what we're talking about we make it sound great. We get we do them we get them great business
And we do that for all of our food sponsors guaranteed, okay? Yeah
We don't have an obligation to be force-fed on demand
And he sales people well they insist they can insist my ass, okay?
There's no such thing as they insist it doesn't exist
Well, it seems like they bring over here something like that they insist
I mean I just I don't understand these sales people
No choice in a matter exactly you're gonna eat it whether you like it or not
Well, I'm worried you don't like it. We're gonna let the bird eat 20 pounds of it right in the front of you just to make you feel like a jerk
I know because apparently the bird doesn't gain weight
Isn't that amazing? I don't want to hear about it
And I'm just lucky
Well, I just in closing while it's nice to hear that you're getting hard on
Junsu. What else in closing? I had milled you a letter or a cop you a letter. I sent Mike Disney
Regarding that was a few weeks ago. Yeah, regarding Mr. homophob in the gables and
If you need any other, you know audience participation and then letters written just ask for it and uh
You have a big fan following out here and we're willing to do it. Okay. Good. Well. I'll see you at shelves next time
You want to go out for a secret? I want to try I want to try the on my real nice you won't fight all those
Ancient people in there either you'll find living and breathing people under a hundred who won't reach over and grab your thing either
I'm gonna try I hate it when I grab my thanks. Yeah, I'm gonna try the armadillo cafe
That's what they all say pal with a smile on their face. Okay. Have a good one. I'm a good one now
God almighty each call today is like a major psychological traumatic experience, isn't it? Yeah
It's true. We have an open-line in date if you move real fast now
Let's do a little amateur psychology on these listeners 751 W I O D and Palm Beach is finished for the day
They're done. I got a horse. Oh, all right now. Let me just before you give us your horse
One is it nimble chris in the eighth the 15 horse
Will it get sprains? Why do you keep picking these horses with numbers that are not gonna get in? I don't pick them by numbers
pick them by name all right that horse is not likely to get in nimble chris in the eighth mm-hmm
And not only that but that they're gonna probably be a whole bunch of scratches in that race because it's gonna rain that race is scheduled on a grass
Take one a crash race goes on the dirt. There are a whole bunch of horses that get scratched
Don't maybe we'll get in you know, I'm no dummy
Well
And the yesterday I gave the picks for the double today. These are two of our oh look at this
These are different morning line odds man
We could get a price here on this double olive i with Doug valianti in the first race the six horse
And BL striker uh-huh in a second race with jury Bailey the two horse six and two
We could get the results while we're still in the air of those something start early like one there's something
Where we're gonna get them you know call us
Who's gonna call us still or whatever his name is when he calls
He's got not much to do out there today does one of the second and today is closing day by the way
I just mentioned that in passing so if you want you know want to get in on the action
Uh-this is it film telecourse in November of third when we have that big of the the breeder's cup
The big weekend the third to fourth in the fifth in November. Phil Saltsman a call us. Oh he won't
Well, we'll see we'll see what happens could happen
22 past 11 at w.i.o.d
We have an open line in bokeh 278 9463
And if your car looks looks a little schmutzic as they say on the west side
Then you really need one of those quality paint jobs from our friends at art go
Where it doesn't cost you you know some places you go you could practically buy a new car for what they charge you to paint your car
But at art go they give you a great quality at affordable prices like the neo-rodger supreme paint job
The regular price 350 dollars the special neo-rodger's price 199 95 they'll repair all the mix and scratches on the car
And then they'll spray a prime cedar coat covering your entire automobile and top it all off with a three-coat spray of your car with polyurethane
Catalyzed enamel with clear coat again the special neo-rodger's price
199 95 and an extra special 10% additional discount for junior citizens those of you under the age of 65
Arvko also does bodywork rust and dent repairs vinyl top replacement headliner repair and replacement carpeting and of course insurance work to four date county locations
17 East Lucy street in homestead to 2401 South Dixie highway and cutler Ridge
7206 northwest 56th Street at the airport high alia and in North Miami at 1800 northeast 150th Street
You'll be sure to ask for the neo-rodger's spatial at arvko
In the cool of the night we give you the heat of the talk
Join rush limbaugh Tom Snyder and Larry King weeknight starting at 8 now more with neo-rodgers on news talk radio
610 W I O D 11 25 at W I O D that vocal line is still dormant just just in case we mentioned
We don't want to put a lot of pressure on you up there because we realize was it raining yet?
I don't know not yet. No, no, I didn't. It's gonna be raining
So percent sometimes the next 18 or 20 days. No, it's coming. You can see on the radar. It's coming. Oh look at that
Yeah, I never pay any attention to that radar. Now is it that green stuff? Yeah, that's always the blue stuff
No, the green and it's it's gotten closer to that blue stuff. Well, that's light rain
And glam and ground clutter. How do you know all of this?
Well, you know done. No
Ah, what does done. No anyway
No, I just uh, I watch the weather channel. I got news for you man. That stuff from the west it looks
And it's gotten closer since we've been here for an hour and a half
But it's not gonna last all that long though. Is it no no, but it will be it will rain cats and dogs
Probably sometimes during the show
possible in fact, I bet you another hour or so at my house see there in westbroward. It's right at the edge
Well, right in the brown or it's moving into westernbroward
Yeah, the first western day the first one has just made it into brown
Just now over the line. Yeah, this kind of like watching a real slow horse race
Very slow who takes out for a lottery. Hello
Okay, thanks so much for waiting. We sure appreciate it Miami. Hello, hey deal. Yeah
How are you in the bird you guys still doing good? No, not too good since we saw the rain come
Hey, uh, tell the bird that I don't think you can get any calls from the track of I don't think there's any phones there
For some kind of war I never know they while they do have that law but in the press box they could call out
But I don't there's a there's a time thing on there. I think it's like half an hour something after yeah
I was think so because of obviously
Yeah, I think they've called us before is what I was thinking well you could just no not from the track
So I know left the track. Yeah after the worst one maybe just to lead up to my next comment
You could probably just send a leaf hour over there and you could scream. Oh, yeah, that's a good idea
Too bad it's during the show
Gee, yesterday I
No parking lot eat my lunch and I flipped over there when you guys had one of your commercials and I flipped up there and somehow I got le
And maybe I don't even know if my radio was working on I got him but I did hear him and
He had he was he was copying your show so bad. He had uh, you know that screen you do that
You know one with your voice. He was playing that or of cheap imitation of it
He was shooting people with that little gun
That
It was uh, he's like a child. It was a it was a crime
People who imitate like that like Alice and Lee Fowler and and
Elaceter they're like overgrown children, okay. Yeah, juvenile tell everybody what Lee's doing today
Remember cross-deaf lighting. No, I don't remember it. No seriously. What did it say? It's what?
Jewish women
They're prospective on Jewish men
And in tomorrow he's gonna have Gentile women discussing their perspective on Jewish men
And on Thursday he's gonna have Jews talking about goyem
He also said the cover news all accordingly. Yeah, really really where the god. He did well
That's great. He's really coming up with all the new stuff, isn't he? Yeah, and he also used a phrase
I guess they had a change up there Jeff Charles is going someplace to no kidding. Yeah, who's doing afternoons?
He called a mr. polyester whoever that is
Uh
Somebody who works there the name sounded familiar
It's you know sir this call in the words of Lee Fowler makes me apple plucked it
You don't like it
It's just a little joke pal. Okay, I don't I won't get hostile
Wasn't doing it good anyway. Okay. Well listen have a wonderful day and thanks for the report
Your code ring is in the mail. Okay boy. He sure got off of there quick, didn't he?
29 past 11 at W.I.O.D. Steve at two o'clock gun education in the schools
Mm-hmm and the Mary and Hammer of unified sportsman is gonna be one of the guests along with Dr. Ray Armstrong the all-american boy
And he is a child psychologist and they're gonna be talking about gun education in the schools
Great. Anyway, let's see look at that phone. Just started to drop off and Broward again
Broward's not been too involved in the show last couple of days
If you notice that we started out today all the data lines were lit up and it was Broward after some prodding and cajoling
Now I don't want anybody to be alarmed because I haven't done the tell star spot yet
But I spoke to the very nice lady one of them who works over there yesterday to find out the progress on my satellite dish
And it seems I don't want to I don't want to create any havoc, but it seems that there is someone
In plantation either
One of the powers that am or somebody in my neighborhood who doesn't want that satellite dish going up
Any reason so every time we do all of the paperwork and all the stuff that they tell us we need to do and then when they come back with it
And then they come up with two summons
You know what I mean? Yeah, like every time you think okay
We've done everything we need we got all the permission and we got the signatures
And then they come up with new deals okay just because they don't want it
They don't want me to have it is basically what it is and I'm let me just say this to you
I don't really care at this point okay because you people in plantation
I'm not talking about the residents but the politicians and some of my neighbors
I have some very nice neighbors
But we also have some snobbish snooty miserable
Creetans okay
And doesn't bother me at all because I'll be more than happy to move
All right now that may bother my landlord, but that's too bad
Because if I can't have I don't notice that when people put up these ugly antennas
Which is all a satellite dishes anyways a form of antenna
I don't have anything to say about it and I can see them
Mm-hmm can't you yeah right there on a roof
You remember what Tom said when he was here the neighbors are jealous that you have something they don't have exactly
That's what he said exactly
So there you go, but I don't really give it them anymore because I'm getting sick and tired of that snooty attitude up their
Implantation and then my one neighbor down there the end of the street
Those always tell me oh no they just got to do all this they got to make sure everything's on the up and up
Yeah, I'll give him something on the up and up
It's just a bunch of bureaucratic crap and they're in bed with a cable people and anybody who doesn't believe that out
There's living in a dream world, okay? You're living in a fantasy land
Because I think the city gets a certain percentage for every subscriber. They got some kind of a deal
Mm-hmm with the cable company do they oh absolutely oh
So they like nipping the satellite business in the bud see because then they lose X number of subscribers and I'm sure that my
You know six cents a month or whatever it's gonna be that and not only that
I would still have the cable anyway just like when I had it up the first time right for the basic for back for backup for basic
Yeah, not for backup or local
Yeah, sure
But I just want to put you jackass is up there in plantation on notice that you know
You can think that you're gonna create a big heavy. I don't really give it damn. Okay, because I can live in for Lauderdale
I can live in
Halondale I might just go ahead move to Halondale
And run for mayor this plantation they're incredible with the bags and everything and nobody up there here
Remember when I try to get some people do something they couldn't give it damn less whatever they tell them
They just like good goose stepping little
subservient douche bags they just go along with it no matter what the powers that be tell them
They do things. I've never heard of any other yeah, I'm innocent. Whoever heard a plantation back never any
No, even even in Georgia they never had plantation bags. Okay, even in the cotton fields they never had plantation back
It's 1133 a WI the in speaking of what we were just talking about sports channel of Florida is something that those of us who have
Certain cable companies are out seeing and as a result we won't see tonight the George Town at Miami baseball game from Mark Light Stadium
We won't see the NHL game Pittsburgh at Los Angeles at 1030 tonight on sports channel of Florida
We won't see the heat game against the Lakers tomorrow night at 730
We won't see the Gators play Virginia and baseball Thursday at 5 p.m
And we certainly won't see the Michigan Wolf Reigns play basketball at Northwestern at 8 o'clock on Thursday night
We won't see racing from Gulfstream
We won't see racing from Pompano. Okay, we won't see any of it unless enough of you get your butts on the line and pick up that
Telephone and call your local cable operator's pronto. Okay, because the pressure is on it starting to have a real effect
Trust me you call your local cable company if you're a sports fan and you tell them in no uncertain terms
You want and you want it now sports channel of Florida home of the home team
Bob Soapers complete an accurate weather make new talk radio six 10 your only station for weather
Whether you like it or not now more with Neil Rogers on news talk radio six 10 W I O D 11 35 at W I O D
Here's a call in Hollywood. Hello, hey Neil. Yeah, it's the first time I've ever called in but I got something I like to say about Wimpy George
Our president. Yeah, well
Sorry to announce this but it has something to do with the Eastern crisis and uh, yeah
He really uh, he really asserted himself and that didn't it? Yes. Well, what bothers me is the US government
Is back that's always seen in the news the last couple years the uh hole in union and they're right to strike
And protests for decent wages
Everything now we have it happening in our own country
And President Bush is back off and not only does he not make a personal appearance and state his point
Whether he wanted a board or not. He didn't came up. He didn't come up and go to the state
You busy uh running around trying to get John tower confirmed. Don't you think that's true too
But not only does he show his face but but then he threatens labor and says if you
Secondary boycott the country
I'm gonna introduce emergency legislation
So knock it off now
His content. So we're not discussing the eastern strike
I thought we and we said that at the beginning of the show. Okay. Steve did that for like four hours. Yes
I know, but I just wanted to bring up the thing about the
The president the way the way he's handled it. Okay. Well, thank you so much. It's 1136 and WIOD
We have two open lines in date on a very uh lukewarm kind of show today 751
WIOD we have an open line in Broward 5249463. We're not discussing
Sonny Rosenberg. We're not discussing the eastern strike
Uh, in fact, we're not discussing anything. Are we? No nothing well good that way that way we like it on the show. Okay
That's exactly the way we like it because no matter what I bring up you people aren't gonna talk about it anyway
Right no no matter what I bring up I could bring up for I could go through an hour monologue like I used to in the old days at the beginning of the show in a first call would be
How loud now what can you tell me about Felby
Uh, so what's he use okay? We understand where we are
Look at that now the rain that line is moved just into uh boy. It looked like right in sunrise there too
I'm like they're gonna get some serious thunder boomers and sunrise moments from yeah probably now as we speak
Way out there like by um the sawgrass. Yeah
Yeah
Probably be a lot of frogs hopping on the sawgrass today
In fact, we might bring up that mexican family
I can't get them up that was like I can do like a little uh tap them a little mexican headbands on the sawgrass for a little free uh
For show for you okay no charge although the sawgrass it's wonderful if you're going like in very limited areas
But it cost an arm and a leg true. It does that expensive. Yeah for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello Neil. Yeah
Well, I guess I fit right in with the program because I have absolutely you know
Absolutely nothing to say. Well, that's good. You're right in there with everybody else who's called so far today sir
That's my pleasure to fall in line. Okay. I heard the Palm Beach line was empty and I thought I'd take it then where do you live?
I gotta say this is the quickest ever we got on show
Well, you're called the Palm Beach line
Excuse me. Where are you calling from? I'm calling from Florida. Oh from for Lauderdale on the Palm Beach line
Well, it's pretty creative. That's a way to get in. Well, you know, you said that you said that that Palm Beach line was empty
I just so I can't stand for this
That's really the situation. Well, I got an even better idea. Why'd you move to Palm Beach?
Not too far. No, like Boka, you know
Everybody sooner or later everybody moves to Boka. No, those people at their brain data. I can't handle it. Okay
To no rest. Oh, there's more thinking don't you understand he's like taking little rest. Okay. No, I'm not thinking it's your show. You want to send me?
Oh, are you done?
Have a nice day. Yeah, I guess I am. Bye
Well, he wasn't sure if he would. I was. Haven't you ever had those experiences in life when you're not
Really sure if you're done. Yeah. Okay
We understand in Helen Dale. They're hoping they have some experiences like that, but they never get started in anything
21 till noon at W. I. O. D. Boka. Hello. They are. How are you doing? Hey pretty good pay all attention
All those in temperate comments about your wonderful city, you know, that last corner was a douche bag. Even if they are true
Dale, we'd love to have you up here with the dish
Bring the beer up here in the dogs. Yeah, big Dave. Yeah, sure. I can just imagine drive. Let's see if I started about five in the morning
I really I could get to work just in time. Neil, I've got an idea. I want that you I could take the sawgrass, huh
Now those frogs that get the one
Neil we could get you a helicopter
Yeah, our MF
Pretty nasty pal
I bird how you doing? This is fine. Made me laugh. Pretty nasty. Hey, Neil. It was funny though. Yeah, I left
Neil yeah, I've got a noodle report for you. Yeah, buddy. Is everybody with any sense left this town
I get this sick feeling in a pit of my stomach that every every grass we had on even a semblance of reality is gone
I think he's got something shocked. Oh, a noodle story. Yeah, I think this is going to shock every day
It was something revolutionary. You was doing yesterday. Yeah
They're having this little joke on or something where people calling with these
terrible jokes. By the way, noodles told me that his favorite dish is Luxian Cogel. Do you understand what that means?
No, I'm a goi. Well, okay, go ahead
He's crinkling something in the background while this girl's telling her joke and she gets down and he starts to
Who is who is noodle? Who is this? I'm
Gloves. Yeah, well, when is he on? Was he on yesterday? The morning
He was on in the morning. I mean, you know Greg not noodle. Oh
Good time for the great taste noodles got booted off that show
Well, bootles that bootles. Yeah, now you're now you're getting a little closer to home Greg was doing
The main dude. Okay, Gregory Benjamin. Are we ever gonna get to this?
I'm just about ready to pass out on the floor
He starts doing something revolutionary talking with helium
Oh
Oh
I wanted to share that I feel so sick now you have no idea between Lee Fowler and whatever the guy city was doing before and now Greg is
Is doing it with helium a great new idea. I got him right and I'm gonna tell you something if I had a dollar for every ounce of
Ingenuity in this town. I'd be at the Camilo house right now online
You'll all your material
God, it's unbelievable. It is. Yeah, I can't wait for those
For those Jeff Charles unbelievable bumper stickers myself
That guy that chases armpits. Yeah. Yeah
Great. Okay. Well, thanks for the report. You got me really depressed now
Hey, I'm going to the dad of talk about okay. Good luck to you not in hell in the hell. I hope no
Okay, here they are the armadillo cafe is just brought a latrine
No
A trough full of
Why can't we say that well?
I've seen a way you and the captain Dave used to pick out over there. Okay. You could have just been scooping it out of a trough water
Oh, yeah, water. We're always game for that. Yeah, we always like water
We do have an open line in date by the way while we're waiting for all of this food to get
In order. Oh boy. Okay. I have 20 or 30 of those in brownered there it goes. It's already ringing
Oh god are these good these little fritters these are those roasted corn fritters
Hmm
And I got to eat lunch at mommy's today too. I can't believe it today. This is like all well
She'll find out even though she pretend she doesn't listen. She'll have very little she'll have a light lunch. Okay. Good
Now what's in there? Oh
Excuse me. That's with the cue
Ah
Hmm
Why I have a feeling we're gonna do some serious picking out here today. Yeah
By the way, this headline in the inquires of appropriate time for you to see it
Michael Jackson puts fat brando on a diet. What's he
It's 1143
W. I. I noticed he didn't answer my question. Probably just as well. Yeah
Oh
Boy these are so good these roast corn
Fritters it is and there's even I noticed some apple sauce, but I'm not I'm gonna pass on that because they're good like naked all by themselves
They're incredible. They're not just good. They're unbelievable. Now what's in there?
crab casea dita
Oh my this is smoked barbecue duck
Smoke duck my
Oh and here are those Texas tacos over there. I got my
Okay, this is from the Arbidillo cafe where I'm not eating any of their food today
So if it sounds in a background like I'm eating I'm just doing that to make them feel good. Okay, so they don't feel bad
While you're if it sounds like I got food in my mouth. It just a good act. Okay. I do a hell of a job of you know
Those smoked tacos boy
Boy oh
I'll tell you man everybody that goes into your place just goes nuts. I mean they're raving
They're just doing a tap dance on the ceiling. They aren't what is this
Honey honey pine sauce for the duck for the duck. Yeah, oh that's sliced duck. Yes. Why betcha?
Hope Steve's not still in the building and probably feel it all from you
Fat Rich says here's a little caustic message
Save yeah, save it. Yeah, by Thursday it ought to be really good. Okay, forget it Rich. You're on a diet. Okay
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello. Hi. How you feeling? Hey great
Listen, I'm a way to go stream and I'll give you a call when I leave
What do you mean you're leaving after the second race?
Probably after the fourth. Well, what goes that gonna do? We're not gonna be here after the fourth race
That's three o'clock. No
After the second race of Robe and I'll give you a call
Well, let's see the second race will be um
130. Yeah, that'll be great
Who's good in the tent?
Who's good in the 10th the sunshine forever is gonna be about three to five more o'clock. Okay, but don't forget Julie
Cron with galey galey pound
There's your pride. Hey listen. She won at last big race. Oh, yeah, look out
Listen, eat your food. I'll give you a call into the second. Okay. Good luck kid. Thanks. Bye. I'm 45 at W.io. D
There's one of our Gulfstream degenerates. By the way, another hate letter from Maria in Pompato
You know, the one that is all upset because I keep calling the kids to go to the track. Yeah
He says he hates me more than her ex-husband. That's how much he hates me. Oh,
Is that possible? I'm honored by that Maria. That's really saying a lot. How many of more there? Seven or eight?
1146 at W.io.D
We have an open line in date county 751 W.io.D. Boy, this is
Boy, oh boy, I'm looking at the tenderloin or those onions. Just keep your claws off of that already had one already snuck one
Oh, I understand
We just gotta put a stop to this. Okay, we we realize that you've been planning this for ages already
So we kindly
Consented
I can't resist absolutely. Yeah, but this is it for a while. Okay
It's great. The next time you come by. Thanks a million. You guys are doing a great job
Okay, Armadillo Cafe up there in Davy, man. I'm gonna tell you it's so good that if the Davy City Council knew that they were serving some
Good stuff. They probably pass a law of making it x-rated. Okay
Hmm
These fritters. Have you ever had these fritters? Yes, I have. Are they good?
Too bad Nick don't have any food here, huh? Yeah, he does. Nick's got his own. I'll be dancing. Boy, you guys should take care of him, don't you?
Uh, let's see. What did I say? We have an open line in date. I'll say it again because I don't think they heard me there. It's finally there a little little slow today
Uh, Dick Farrell
Has replaced Jeff Charles. I wish you're gonna write dick Farrell. That's right wing douchebag up there. Okay, and mr
X is on only on the weekend when sure as far as I'm concerned is more than enough. Okay. Hello
Hi Neil. How you doing? Hi, bro. How you doing? Okay? How you guys are eating? You drive me crazy
I want to talk about my cable company. I'm not here. I'm just I'm just making chewing sounds like there was food my mom. Yeah
But I'm not eating anything. Yeah sure listen, listen, I don't think you said with cable
So I have to make up to get the pulp apple pluck together. Yeah, but I can't get paid for you
And I say to a why can't I get paid for you she goes in the fall well. We don't carry that service
So I wrote them a letter. I've called them and I want to put a dish in my neighborhood
I live in the private community in Bokka. We can't put a dish up one out the home association doesn't allow it
Oh, isn't that wonderful? I would move if I were you I just spent 300,000 dollars
I'm not gonna move I can't move
Well, there's nothing else I can do you have any other suggestions? Uh, you know, what can you do?
I think I would consider arson at this point. How can they know you have a dish? How's that possible? Because my house faces
Communo Rial which is a pretty major road trying to milk the bulk of Del Mar
What about it? They don't want any dishes based in the road. They don't want to drop time to drop dead
You won't change anything, but it'll make you feel a lot better Larry where's my lunch?
I'm waiting for cafe to tell you to deliver our lunch to our office here. We'll tell them to get on the dime, okay?
Yeah, let's get off the dime
Your show is great and
Between you and can we talked about food like I'm getting wait just listening to you on the show here
Well, just do what I'm doing right now just to make some chewing sounds and no tea anything, okay?
Have a good one you too buddy good luck. I'm obviously gonna need to live in where you are
Boys is good
