Let me try it again.
This is the Neal Rogers.
Well, making the brain.
Any questions?
Okay, now maybe there's nothing wrong with that machine.
Maybe it's just allergic to Ricky Tickey, is that possible?
Very possible.
Because he don't work in that machine.
I'll be damned.
Really?
I'll be damned.
Yeah.
And you know that the guy who says I'm a little bit nervous, but nevertheless, he doesn't
work in that machine either.
So it's very selective.
I'll give you the test cart to really test it out on.
I'll tell you the one that will give you the whole story.
Ed.
Yeah, try Ed in that machine.
By the way, I heard Ed saturday afternoon on the Keeper of the Keys show when I was going
to dinner.
Yeah, Ed called in.
It was a discussion about Elvis, you know.
And at the end of the call, Ed said, well, thank you very much.
It feels really good.
I'd like to try it at some point.
Well, Ed works in that machine.
So it's good enough for us.
It's 1106 at WIOB.
We got a mobile in Boynton Beach.
Hello.
Hi, is he over there?
Speaking.
Yes.
Neil, how are you?
I have been listening to you coming back from the courthouse.
I'm an attorney.
Yeah.
And I've got to tell you, I'm a past president to my bar association.
And a lot of what you say about the legal system, I think people find particularly frustrating.
It is a slow system.
It's not just a slow system.
It sucks.
I want to tell you, we had a hearing in front of a judge in Dave County a couple of months
ago.
And this judge was no more interested in hearing any of the testimony from either side.
It wasn't just me.
From either side, he was interested in what time it was so we could go over to Burdhines
to lunch to meet his pals over there because he's got a schedule every day.
And he gave us such a short trip that there's no way in the world he could have possibly
gotten enough testimony to make a meaningful decision.
Well.
Ridiculous.
It was embarrassing.
It was just a waste of time.
The problem inherent in the system, which I know is no excuse, but really an explanation.
But I want to address a couple of comments about your friend from Coral Gables.
When we were up kids growing up, I think many times we always had a kid on the block who
was a big bully.
And he could intimidate the rest of us because he was larger physically and stronger physically.
Then the rest of us.
When you're dealing in a judicial system, there is the ability when an attorney is representing
himself as your friend basically is, we all know, to be able to be the big bully on the
block, to be able to be someone who, because of his knowledge of the system, have a system
works and how to intimidate someone who is lawfully exercising his constitutional right
of free speech such as yourself, there is the ability in favor of that person to be
the big bully.
I think that's what's happening to you.
But yeah, then attorney, if I can just suggest to you, it's easy for me to say, but hang
in there.
I know it's particularly frustrating, but you are entirely correct.
You have every legal right to represent what you represent as far as your feelings are
concerned, to act as you feel appropriate, to comment as you deem appropriate.
I'll tell you how far it went, even some of the letters that he sent out that Jimmy Johnson
is leaving anyway, some of the letters that he sent were letters to Sam Jankovich at
the U of M and what he was hysterical about was because I don't support him.
I'll see you this evening.
I'll let you know tomorrow.
What is that?
Did you hear that?
Yeah, mobile phone, some other car cut in.
And then he went away?
You never hit the off button?
No, it just disappeared.
Well, he got the lines crossed on the mobile, over and over anyway, what was going to say,
some of the letters to Sam Jankovich, because of what I said about the U.M. football program.
And because I don't support the football program.
And because I made a joke about the U.M. had a better drug supply than the dolphins and so
on, you remember that about ten months ago?
Now what the hell does that have to do with smut on the air, which allegedly again is the
frot for this whole campaign of hysterical homophobia?
What does that have to do with it?
If I don't like any of the U.M. sports programs, that's my privilege, okay?
So you see, it goes down to the Westminster dog show.
It doesn't make any difference what it is that I've given an opinion about on the air.
This individual is going to try to create a problem with it, okay?
I can't wait to hear that.
No matter what it is.
Now if anybody is stupid enough that they can't see through that, then they got a real problem.
I can't remember what you said about the dog show.
Those are stupid and I said those people that go out there prancing around our ceiling.
That's it.
So what?
That's your opinion.
Yeah.
So what?
No, I can't say that.
So yeah, I guess I have to clear all of my comments and all of my opinions through the sensor for the community.
And I'm going to say it again publicly, okay?
I don't know how long it's going to take the wheels of justice to start grinding in this town,
but you people at the Florida bar, you're really doing a great disservice, okay, by dragging your feet.
We keep hearing wellers and investigation ongoing and you can't talk about it.
Oh, this is a miracle, okay?
I'll talk about whatever the hell I want to talk about.
Period.
And how the hell long, how many brain surgeons does it take to see something that's as flagrant and as open and as horrendous as this witch hunt that's been going on now for nearly two years?
How long does it take to see what, see it for what it is?
Just a letter to Janet Reno alone.
Just that letter along which has nothing to do with me.
Yeah.
Should be a real good eye opener for all those people over there at the Florida bar.
Anybody else who practices law here in the state of Florida?
Can we go back to what Penny Daniel said on Inside Story when you were on last week at the end of the report?
She said you had been investigated by many, many.
You name it.
Anybody you can think of?
The governor's office, the state attorney's office and every one of them you came out clean as a whistle.
Is that what she said?
That's what she said.
It's 1112 at WIOD.
Okay.
All you radio people are out there listening.
Look at this broadcasting magazine this week.
Help wanted programming and production.
Talk show host.
Hmm.
Established talk station Becken's quality talent for explosive South Florida market.
Topical entertaining superb conversational conversationalist.
Hmm.
Oh, controversial conversation.
This is a bad copy.
E O E resume to box B45 Broadcasting magazine.
We don't know what city.
Yeah.
I always like when it's one of those little ads like they always know it's a real big station.
Like W-O-F-F.
Anyway, it's 15 past 11 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Boka 278-9463 278 WIOD.
I apologize if that guy's still listening in his car.
That lawyer, but that's not the first time that's happened on a mobile phone where somebody else cuts in.
Sure.
From out of nowhere.
Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I'm Hey, bird and Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
That's great.
I'm really behind in Neil.
First, I'd say a little Mike Gow, who converted me to listening to your show.
All isn't that great.
Let's say a big thank you to Mike, whoever he is.
He's a great guy.
Well, you're a great guy, man.
That's the rumor we hear.
You know what?
You know, I have a horrible report.
Instead of talking about the things that you're talking about, that was spectacular about, you know, what the press does.
A horrible rare that's talking about is all this still alive.
I mean, he's down in the South off you're doing that.
Talking is all this fun.
This guy was said that.
Well, that's funny because that's what we're doing on Wednesday.
This guy said he was paid $125.
Yeah.
The thing like Elvis.
And, uh...
What did you say your name was again?
Jeff.
Jeff.
Yeah. Well, listen, Jeff, call us again like about a year from June, okay?
It's 1116 at WID.
Jeff was good, wasn't he?
How do you like these calls so far today?
Is it me or do I feel like...
Am I sitting cock-eyed now at this mic?
I don't know.
No.
I'm not?
I don't think so.
I feel like I'm swung right around here because my kishkeys are squashing against the table.
There's something...
Oh, I know what it is.
Look at the mic stand.
Okay.
You see these mic stands are very strange, aren't they?
Have you ever seen mics like this?
The kind of like teeter?
Look at that.
Have you ever seen any like that?
I've never had.
No.
No.
Unique.
Different.
Very strange.
Anyway, it's 1117 now.
Boy, things are really moving along now.
We're finally getting in gear and getting going here on a great Monday.
Laudahill, hello.
Ella.
Yeah.
Yeah, this is me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Listen.
I hope your buttons don't hit the floor on that last call.
He was very energetic.
Yeah.
He was good.
His intentions were great.
The end result sucked, but his intentions were great.
Listen, everybody's going to get a ho ho ho and a jelly.
Everybody's a comedian, sir.
Really?
Not to belittle your new problem with Hollanda.
I mean, excuse me, Hollywood.
PD.
I mean, you already put down Hollandaugh, and that was good enough.
But you did bring up something in your last hour about Sunny Fox, which was my wife was an avid listener.
And I never knew whatever happened to him.
All he got can, sir.
Okay.
That's where all the stuff is going.
He got the shab.
The great disc jockey in the sky.
Right before Christmas time, and they made him disappear.
Like they always do in his business, they just made him disappear.
Yeah.
No, seriously speaking, I'm not sure.
That was the reward.
That was the great reward they gave him from Y100 for the super job he's been doing there in the morning for years.
I'll tell you.
Sounds like he got another call, pal.
That's okay.
Listen.
Good.
You can really have an eye contact.
Okay.
Up.
Good.
Good.
That's another call.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, we you're borrowing the
sign up there is
than,
unikutat
s
Is he sitting at the piano?
Yeah, it's Tom Lear.
Hey, how's that?
Good, Tom, that was good.
Is that bright enough your day?
Yeah, that's good for me.
What funny Rosenberg, you know, and all are doing to you.
Yeah.
Oh, well, that's about all I had to add to your program.
That's all your material, huh?
That's all I had to do.
Well, keep practicing.
Okay, practice makes perfect.
That's it.
Bye.
I like that.
Wow.
I like that a lot.
That was really good.
22 past 11 at WIOD.
We have an open-line in date, seven, five, there it goes.
And what in Broward at 524 WIOD, Palm Beach, Gourner Stealthan,
okay, and Palm Beach, 655 WIOD.
I feel like scratchy, you know.
I think I'm going to be sick for about four or five days.
And then I was going to be on vacation next week
and I'm changed my mind, but I haven't told them yet.
Oh, they don't know this yet.
No.
So I might just, I'm, may reconsider.
I may just take next week off and the depart.
Yeah.
Like to Brazil someplace like that.
North, north, what in B?
No, Miami Beach, Neil.
Oh, okay.
Okay, Neil, I'm going to Beach.
North Beach.
No, South Beach.
The land of the living dead.
Okay, sir.
Just go ahead.
Okay, I don't know one little thing for you so bad.
One little thing, Neil, I'm glad you're speaking out finally.
It's like you were swimming with one arm for a while.
Well, working in this market is like swimming with no arms with your arms tied behind your back
and your legs manacled together.
Yeah, well, they're constantly telling it, wow, don't do that.
And down to that.
And blah, blah, blah, blah.
You know, they all operate out of fear and terror.
And I'm not going to be in a fear and terror of any puts anymore.
Okay, pal, it's just not going to happen.
But I'm not going to do it.
About the right wing commentators.
There's no problem with it.
Yeah, that's right.
They can go on to your bed.
Yeah, the worst bigotry and worst hatred.
And nobody ever has one peep to say about that.
I hear a lot of filth coming out of Mike Thompson.
I can, you know, hit the brunt.
Let me tell you something.
I want to tell you the worst crap that was ever peddled on the air back in the 1977,
the year of Anita Bryant and the witch hunts in this town.
Right.
Some of the filthiest, some of the worst bigotry that has ever been on the air in the United States
came from Mr. Courtney, Mr. Mike Thompson, Anita herself, Ellis Rubin.
And I'm trying to think of some of the others who participated in those on the air witch hunts.
And some of the ugliest crap that anybody could ever imagine.
And it was all such a big joke.
You see, you see, this is what happens when you allow the majority to try to act against the minority.
Oppressed minorities.
That's a classic example when you want to attack an unpopular minority,
just like they did to the Jews and the homosexuals and the gypsies in Nazi Germany.
There's no difference.
It's a sad song.
The part is that they're really the minority that just keep regrouping in a smaller and smaller way.
And need is out of it now, but those other douchebags are still working and doing the same trip.
Well, I don't think they are the minority.
I think that when Steve did the show the other day about David Duke and why he won an election in Louisiana,
I think for the same reason that the Republican Party has been appealing to the white males in the south
and appealing to their inner racism and resentment.
So, you know, it's not the minority, sir.
I guess hate the very radical majority.
Well, I wanted to say when you said they were all jealous,
I think you really hit it on the head about this market.
Instead, you know, you set a whole new standard down here of what's amusing and truthful.
And I don't think they can handle it.
And it's really blowing their act out of the wall.
Yeah.
And instead of trying to...
And that's because they're a bunch of parochial Jewenisles because if they ever heard what was on here in New York
and in Chicago and in Houston and a lot of other cities around this country,
it makes this seem like a Sunday picnic,
but we're dealing with a bunch of parochial Florida Yahoo's, okay?
This is true. This is the real world out there.
But I just wanted to say real quick about the Rick Cidermanship.
I was working last week and I couldn't talk to you until today's my day off.
Rick Ciderman reminds me very much of Roy Cohen.
Do you remember him?
Yes, I do.
Okay. The biggest anti-homosexual kind of looking for communists under every rug, Joe McCarthy's body
turns out to be the biggest queen in New York City.
Yes, he was.
And I think Ciderman has enormous problems in that regard.
Well, I don't know. I would hope not because we got enough problems already.
We got enough problems. We don't need him, okay?
But, you know, like Jay at Garhuever, there's a lot of real honesty going on.
When he has the goal, when he's got the balls to come on his radio station,
the muscle is way on his station again and it accused me of being a bigot.
That's got to be one of the biggest jokes in the history of mankind, okay?
Because when it comes to terminal homophobia and spewing the ugliest rot,
including a lot of it that was done right here on this radio station,
he takes second to nobody, okay?
We have an open line in date, 751 WIOD on a jolly Monday.
It's 1126. We'll be right back.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
132 WIOD.
What that level on those cards?
Wow.
I got a cranked down to half.
Incredible.
Bill Topp 40, I like that.
Yeah.
Anyway, the word is oblivious here today at WIOD where it's 1132
and we have a call from Williamstown, Massachusetts.
Hello.
Yeah, and yeah, how are you doing?
I just called you.
Spend some of the company's money.
Good.
I'm appearing to Burke's here about 20 degrees.
It's now on the ground.
Great. That sounds good to me.
It's only going to be about 75.
The sunny shining.
It's a perfect day here.
Oh, you see now I get back and I really appreciate that South Florida
Sunshine, which is all about we have to offer.
That is correct.
And even that's getting pretty grim lately.
Okay.
Over the weekend it was pretty dismal here, sir.
That's what I heard.
That's what I heard.
Those are the kind of days you really shake your head and wonder
what you're doing here when it's when the weather isn't great.
There's not much else redeeming going on in this place.
So those are the days you're really kind of wonder.
That's right.
Well, at least we have beautiful back on two days.
Oh, yeah.
That's what they all say.
All right. Well, I just want you to let you put your pin in the map.
And I just like to call an hour short douche bag.
And I'll be back later in the week.
And I just hope you have a good week.
Well, thanks a lot, Todd.
Yours is the best call of the day.
That should give you a real good idea of what it's going on so far.
Well, that's quite uplifting.
It's kind of chilly here.
I have a wonderful life.
Say goodbye.
Say goodbye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
God, almighty.
Give them a little compliment right away.
They want to do about a half an hour.
It's 11.33 at WIOD.
We have an open line in the ground.
524-9463.
And of course, both of the Palm Beach lines are out of material.
Okay, but that's okay with us.
Anyway, if you'd like to lose some weight,
do talk radio 610-WIOD.
11.37 at WIOD.
We got a call in for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
I'm a first time caller.
But it wasn't to you when you were first couple days on the SM.
I think I can give you an idea of why the callers sound like they do.
When you talk the way you did today, the way you sound today,
it's obvious what's going on is hurting you.
And rather than confront that and be constructive and do something about it,
people are going to avoid it.
Because it's feelings and it's something that they have to avoid.
Well, I called hard ambassadors in this town basically.
You know, you got about maybe 10% of this community who are people who are caring
and when you try to raise money for causes, they're always the same ones
who you know wind up giving and make it a donation.
And the rest of the people are totally indifferent.
All they want to do is take.
This is not a community of givers.
It's a community of takers.
And it's always been that way.
Ever since I've been here, I'm sure long before.
Well, your listeners are primarily male.
And you know, it makes them uncomfortable.
Most straight men are very uncomfortable.
They just rather, I mean, I think they think it's amusing that you're gay and proud of being gay.
But they kind of like avoid it.
I like him but.
Oh, no, I don't think it's the whole audience that wants to avoid it like the plague.
It's like, as long as you don't say it, like with the late Paul Lind,
I mean, everybody in the world knew that he was gay.
And everybody thought he was really hysterically funny.
But as long as he never said it, which he didn't, then it was okay.
But if he ever would have sat in the center square and said,
hey, guess what, I'm coming out of the closet today,
there would have been millions of people having coronaries all over the country.
That's right.
They can't cope with that.
Just avoid it.
The only way they can cope with it, if it's part of a freak show,
like on Heraldo or Sally or one of those shows,
and they've got, you know, cross dressers,
and they've got SNM people dressed up with whips and chains and leather boots and all that.
If it's part of a freak show, then they say, oh, isn't that interesting?
Isn't that amusing?
Isn't that, you know, filling the blank, you know?
But if it's an everyday thing and it's lived with it, this is how I am.
No, it's so good.
Well, gay people have taken enough abuse in this incredibly juvenile homophobic society for long enough.
And it's about time that somebody stood up and said, hey, this is what I am.
This is how I was born.
There's nothing evil about it.
And there's nothing sinister about it.
And I'm not going to sit in power and be ashamed of it.
And that's what I've done for 12 years.
And I'm not going to change now.
I'm not going to go power back into the closet to suit some homophob in choral gables
or some Mike Thompson on WNWS or Ellis Rubin or Rick Ciderman or any of the Steve's other pals.
I'm not going to do it.
Just ain't going to happen.
I'm glad.
I mean, that's one of the things I first noticed.
I was like, God, he's not hiding it.
That's the way I am.
You're damn right, I'm not.
I never even knew you existed until you came on the FM.
I'm 20 years old.
The AM band did not exist on my radio.
And I tell people about you, people from out of our area.
And they're like, God, and it's just a fact.
And I'm like, yes, it's just a fact.
And it's great because I mean, somebody needs to start.
If you're the one who started it, you're going to take the most black.
Yeah, I don't see anybody else jumping onto bandwagon, but that's up to them.
That's their privilege.
There's a lot of cowards all over this country.
And an awful lot of them happen to be gay, but that's up to them.
And of course, it would be easy for them to say, well, look at all the persecution you're getting now.
We don't want that.
Well, that's fine.
If that's the kind of cowardly existence they want to live, that's up to them.
Yeah, if you mentioned women, as often as you mentioned men,
straight men would think you were great and would think that you were good.
Well, I don't know what you mean straight men.
We're number one in men.
Yeah, I know.
We've got an age share in men in midday, where there isn't anybody even close to us in men.
And I assure you that the overwhelming majority of the men who listen to this program are straight as an arrow.
Yeah, what I'm saying is that if you mention women, the way you mention men, you know, people wouldn't think it was just like, well, he's flirting.
So what?
So does anybody else say it?
Oh, I see what you're saying.
Well, flirting, it comes off as a...
I'm in a time and I hear disc jockeys on the FM stations trolling for dates all the time.
And I know damn well what goes on in those stations and all these young things calling off the air.
And I've seen it happen right in radio stations.
I've seen guys with women in the studio.
I've seen guys with other guys in the building, okay?
Mm-hmm.
But nobody seems concerned about that.
Now, this is a very specific witch hunt against a very specific individual.
And it's, you know, nobody's fooling anybody.
Yeah.
It really, it really distresses me.
I mean, I think I know...
When I say nobody is fooling anybody, that includes some of the people who are in on it right from the beginning who are helping to prop it up and perpetuate it and add fuel to the fire.
I remember one line which I will never forget is long as I live.
And I'm not trying to create a problem with Steve because he and I have gone along relatively well into four months we've been here.
But I'll never forget is long as I live a line.
The day that he had this individualist attorney from the Gables on the air and gave him virtually an entire show to spew his homophobic propaganda against him.
And they were discussing this alleged trolling for boys on the air, okay?
And Steve's comment was, oh yes, I know Neil.
When other people say these things, they're kidding.
But when Neil says it, he means it.
Okay?
And I'll never ever forget that line as long as I live because I would challenge Mr. Cain to come into this studio and tell the audience.
And I'd be more than willing to open it up to anything he wants to say.
I'd like to challenge him to give any specific example of any individual I've ever trolled for on the air or off the air.
Because quite frankly, he knows nothing about my personal life.
I've had maybe two encounters with him in restaurants, chance meetings over the last four or five years since I worked at WI and Zian Zeta.
And other than gossip and a lot of rumor-mongering, he hasn't got any idea what goes on in my life, okay?
In spite of what he thinks he may know.
Yeah, that's flowing.
But to suggest that I'm actually on the air trolling for boys, I mean, you know, and to suggest that it's true and when Neil says that he means it,
I just can't imagine that anybody with a conscience would make such a statement.
No, but again, it comes back to knowing the difference between professionally attacking somebody and taking shots that can be fun and whatever it is,
and getting personal and really try to do damage to a person's life or their reputation.
That's the difference.
That's the right point.
So there's some people in this business who have never learned the difference.
That's why people love for you to make your comments about, you know, Alice, and that's professional, and they love for you to rip.
And that's fine, and they'll call in and comment on it.
But when it's for you and it's such a professional level, it makes them very uncomfortable.
Yeah, well that's their problem.
One thing I've never done is let other people's problems become mine.
And that's the only thing that keeps me going.
Okay.
Okay, thanks for your call. I appreciate it.
Okay.
Love them 43 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Brownward, 5249463.
Now, this call from London is that the...
Oh, gee, remember the guy that called me four?
London?
Yeah.
Oh, boy.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yeah.
Hi, Neil.
This is Mercy from Kendall and London.
Isn't that great?
How are you?
Terrific.
How's Bird?
Terrific.
Oh, good.
I'm glad.
I'm just calling to say hello and to let you know that the Queen's in person.
How are we, God?
Well, listen, tell her she's got a lot of a lot of royalty in this town too.
I know.
I know.
Especially in Holland, though.
Yeah, you bet.
I just want to say hello.
How long we have a few aging queens in Hellendale even as we speak?
I know, but just say number one.
My favorite one.
Listen, I wanted to say hello to my dishback zone number one.
His name is Sergio.
Sergio.
We love his suit, Marcy.
I love his suits.
And my husband's cousin, his name is Alfonso.
Okay.
You're kidding me if I don't say this on the air.
Anybody else, Marcy?
I'm not an adult.
I don't care for anybody else.
Okay, me either.
Okay, listen, have a good time over there.
How long are you going to be there?
I'll be back Wednesday.
I'm sorry, Thursday.
I'll give you a call in a minute.
I'll give back.
Okay.
Have a great time.
I like those little beeps and boots on the other end of this photo.
Can you hear them?
Can you hear them?
Yeah, I think I can.
Yeah.
Sounds like big Ben.
What?
The temperature is about 75 today, Marcy.
Oh, great.
Because here's very cold.
Yeah, it'll be almost 80 by the time you get back.
Malucca.
Take good bye, Marcy.
Say hello to everybody for me, especially my son, Sergio.
Okay, Sergio and Alfonso.
Okay.
Take good bye, Marcy.
Goodbye, bird.
Bye.
Wow.
Finally got to hear that call.
Love 45 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward.
524-9463.
I like those little beep boops in there.
That was good.
Beep boop.
Wasn't that in the song we just played?
Well, yeah.
Doesn't he say beep boop kind of like that?
Yeah.
Miami, hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
How are you?
Long time, listener.
First time caller.
Well, I'll be darn.
My hello, bird.
How are you?
Fine.
Neil, I happen to work for the county of Broward on my UHF repeater technician.
I don't know if you know what that is.
No.
Repeater stations.
That's what we use to when you have hand.
I'd like people to steal my material.
Is that a repeater station?
No, Neil.
When you have hand health, repeaters are...
Handheld what?
Pardon me?
Bones?
A hand-held phone.
No, no.
A hand-held radio.
Two-way radio.
Oh.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
Okay.
All in my league.
They retransmit the signal from a higher, you know, like from a tower, that way you can have
good coverage.
Okay.
Well, I'm coming at...
I service a lot of BSO's repeater stations and their two-way radio.
And I hang out at a lot of the police stations.
You were talking about that today.
And let me tell you, I kind of know a few of them.
And believe it or not, they use their badge and they use the authority behind the law
to take out their feelings and their prejudices.
Oh, I know that.
I have no question about it.
And we got some homophobes who work in vice for the Hollywood Police Department and they
can deny it all they want.
But I have news for them.
Right as we speak at this moment, there is some real interesting investigating going on.
And if I can nail them for what I think was really offered, there's going to be a real
mess that they better be prepared for in Hollywood.
Because when people start messing with my personal life and trying to smear me, they got a real
serious problem coming, okay?
Yeah, I don't blame you.
Like I was saying, a lot of people say, no, no, no, everybody's in the police department.
They wouldn't do that.
Let me tell you that.
Yeah, that's what they think.
I hang around them.
And there's...
I can name you many officers that hang around up there and what is it?
Federal where the copa is.
Yeah.
And they just target specifically gays.
Yep.
Oh yeah, absolutely.
There's people that just target up and down.
Sunrise is target blacks because they know for sure that if they're going to search in
their car, they're going to find some controllable substance.
Even though they have no probable cause, but you'll hear them.
No comment.
But like from the Ed Davis school in Los Angeles, when Ed Davis was the police chief in Los
Angeles, they spent more time in trapping gay males than they did chasing criminals, which
perhaps is one of the reasons now in the wake of Ed Davis from years ago.
Now that Los Angeles is one of the most crime-ridden cities in the entire world and one of the most
dangerous places to live, the things that they used to do there were just legendary, unconscionable.
No, it's unbelievable.
And you see them talking at the station and say, well, how many fags that you nailed
a day?
Yeah, how many?
And you know, well, I arrested three of them just for throwing something out of the
car window.
And it...
You know, it's just incredible.
I happen to be gay myself, but I cannot...
I feel like it's a pressure upon my shoulder.
I like to come out of the closet and just be myself.
You understand?
Yeah.
But I can't be.
Well, don't you understand our society wants you to stay in Ed Clause and wants to keep
you in fear and wants to force you into clandestine activities and then they want to trap
you into some kind of a thing that they can smear you and use you as another statistic
and say, here are those dirty, perverted homosexuals doing all these clandestine sexual
things.
It's like a self-fulfilling death wish that society has in America for gay people and
it's going to stop.
I mean, they're going to stop soon, but sooner or later it's going to stop.
You know, they got...
We got rules and stuff.
They talk about moral turpitude and different things like that and you know, you talk to
your superiors and they say, yeah, we caught any fag here.
You know, he wouldn't last here, like a snowball and hell and this and that.
So, you know, you feel like you're...
You got to stay in a cocoon and a cage.
Well, just consider the source.
Okay, just consider the kind of slime balls you're dealing with and then it'll, you know,
consider the source.
Okay, Neil, thanks a lot and by the way, my friend Jackie, she's on neutral systems and
she's doing great.
Excellent.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Bye-bye, now.
It's a 10 before noon at WIOD.
One of the things that Davis used to do in Los Angeles, he would send these undercover
playing closed cops in like to adult movie theaters that were largely...
Most of the audience would be gay males and these guy would be extremely good-looking young
guys, say maybe 21, 22 years old, provocatively dressed with real tight pants on and so on.
And he would send them in there to the theaters and send them into the restrooms and they
would make overt sexual gestures to other guys in the restrooms and then lead them, lure
them into some kind of a sexual entrapment and then bust them and turn on all the lights
in the theater and drag them out in handcuffs and do the whole routine and this is the kind
of thing that goes on.
They don't have better things to do.
Anyway, let me tell you about Toyota of Hollywood speaking of Hollywood.
On New Talk Radio 610, WIOD.
1154 at WIOD, Tamarack, hello.
Neil, Ponder is show today.
Really?
I'm sorry that you're in such a kind of worked-up mood because this is going to be a light
call.
First of all, I wanted to say my accent.
What would you like me to come in and do put on an act for you?
No, no, no.
I, you're a real person.
You're three-dimensional, Neil.
In fact, you're probably more than three-dimensional, actually, but somebody told me that they heard
the bird mention my name last week on the show.
So I just thought I'd call and say hello.
It's been a while since I spoke into it.
Oh.
Hello, bird.
What's your name?
You know, bird.
I do?
Yeah.
I mentioned your name.
You mentioned my name last week.
I don't know who it is.
I don't recognize you.
It was like in the same breath as you mentioned, blind Mike.
Over, over date, I'm Cliff Mitchell.
It took, it's, oh, gee, get him off of there already.
We have two open lines in Broward, 524, WI.
Here's a guy used to work on traffic patrol.
He was a crank collar, okay?
He was a crank collar.
Yeah.
Yeah.
On the day.
Go find a life.
Will you please, Cliff?
Don't, especially on a day like that.
He's got the balls to call here and tell me it's a ponderous show.
I got news for you.
If we had no calls, it would be preferable to talk into him.
524, WIOD, they're going to Broward lines.
Bokeh's open, 278, WIOD.
I can't believe that.
That he would have the gall to call his show.
I don't remember saying this.
Crank collar.
I know, I don't remember you saying that.
And you work for traffic patrol, okay?
And he also was a board off at WS News.
Wasn't he, if my memory is correct, or was it here?
I don't know.
I don't remember.
Here?
He was a board off here.
You know, one of the interesting things, speaking of crank collars, that one of the things
that I find fascinating over the years that we've been in the market, is that you discover
over a period of time that a astonishing amount of the cranking that goes on in the talk shows
comes from board ops at other radio stations.
Isn't that astonishing?
I don't want to have to go into mentioning all the names, you know, like Alan Michaels
and Alan Eisenzen and all these other, you know, Cliff Mitchell and Nick is laughing because
he knows it's true.
But, you know, and thanks to our good friend, our little spy and Kendall, who's now in
Israel allegedly.
I assume he's still there.
You know, we, there's sooner or later we found out about all of this.
And it's just astonishing, you know, that these little, little devils, man, they've got
nothing better to do, which is why a lot of times they're shown, the show that they're
supposed to be working on here, doesn't sound like it's together because they're too busy
making crank collars to the other shows.
Okay.
Or check in the lines, you know.
Oh, he's got an open line in Broward.
He's got an open line in Broward.
You're going to kill him, Sandy.
You're going to kill him.
Miami, hello.
All right, now how you doing?
Okay.
I've got a question for you guys.
And last week, I had a drive.
They were doing on WID shows.
And they had a big board behind the people that were doing a show as a different picture
as the people that worked at the station.
Yep.
And for some reason, your picture was not up there and Steve came.
Picture was not up there.
That's because they haven't taken our pictures yet.
I didn't.
Not only don't we have any business cards, they still, we don't have any pictures to give
us.
They have pictures of Doris, he Mack and Tyre and Bill Mullen, Reverend and others.
Bill Mullen.
He's a salesperson here.
This picture is up on the border.
Oh, get out of here.
Are you serious?
Bill Mullen's picture was on the board.
Right here's one of the taxis.
That's what it looked like.
Well, I said he can come in and do noon to two today if you like the way I feel.
He can come in right now.
You got to be kidding me.
I'm done for.
Bill Mullen's picture was out of your round.
Oh my God.
And not Neil Roswell.
I'm surprised that Bill Mackweig's picture wasn't up out there.
You know?
Now they just, we're just not important enough, sir.
They haven't taken our pictures yet.
So when we go out on these appearances, at least now we got the bumper stickers to give
away, which will be something, but we don't have much.
I mean, this is a big, fancy burden.
Maybe radio station would be a nice, everything.
Doris, Mack and Tyre was out.
I mean, Doris is a wonderful person to everything, but what the hell has she got to do
with the derail?
That's what I was wondering.
I don't understand.
Was the Dean's picture on there?
Who else was on there?
Anybody we know?
Mike and Mary was really talking to her.
Well, thank God he was out there all week.
He didn't need to have his picture up.
He was out there all week.
And of course, I was out there.
Yeah.
That's great.
You mean even Joseph Gackie was up?
Three times.
Wow.
Three times.
Well, that makes me feel real good.
Okay, pal.
Okay.
You made my day.
Thanks for the spy report.
Okay.
Perfect day for that call.
Oh my gosh.
Perfect shot.
Fill a mullins.
Oh, an attacking bokeh.
Hello.
No, no, God.
They just don't have the balls to do it.
They're in bokeh.
Quintets call in.
They give all kinds of vermin in the phone to Nick.
And then we go put them right on the air first.
They had everybody else in a hang up like a bunch of spineless whims.
Virtually every time.
Probably one of those right wing West Palm Beach or Palm Beach County crowd.
You know, one of those homophobic Palm Beach County.
Man, here is you talk about right wingers, man.
At county it's nothing but red necks and douchebags basically in Palm Beach County,
which is why they got the perfect radio stations.
Perfect for them.
I reflect.
Okay.
Somebody dropped off in date as we're trying to set it up for that big noon to one hour.
And the Palm Beach line is open.
We know we got a lot of good friends up there in Palm Beach who are really very deeply
concerned about me and the show.
655 WIOD.
655 9463.
And let's see.
It's noon.
That means April.
War, then I believe, is standing by with that 12 o'clock WIOD refreshing news.
A breath of fresh air April.
We'll come back with our number three at 1205.
D.
Anyway, it's 1205 at WIOD to be continued as they say.
All right.
And we're back for our number three on a Monday.
It is some kind of day here at the Olive Dreams, ladies and gentlemen.
It is some kind of day.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
Did I just do that twice?
I must be catching it from Rineria.
I just said it is some kind of day and I said it again.
They got some package plans.
Now don't get me wrong.
We love Uncle Mike, but he just has this thing.
He's got one of the most devious ways of killing time.
See, he only does.
He's on for four and a half hours, which is a long ship.
But when you figure it out, he's only on really for two hours and 15 minutes
because he says everything twice.
He says everything twice.
It's 1206 at WIOD.
Six minutes past 12 at WIOD.
Now I'm serious.
You're going to find out that if you say everything twice,
we could have a two hour show.
It just dawned on me.
Just dawned on me.
It just dawned on me.
If you said it three times, what's...
Now that's a pretty clever way.
I'm going to be honest that Rineria is a devious guy.
And he has figured out...
I used to feel sorry for him because he starts at 5.30.
When we were on the Zayda in the morning,
we used to start at about, you know, quarter to six, but 5.30...
Grudel.
...till 10 is a long ship.
Yes, it is.
And most of the morning should start by a day.
Say everything twice.
You're only doing two hours and 15 minutes.
When you say everything twice.
Cutleridge, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations on your good numbers.
Well, thank you so much.
And I'm sorry about your recent troubles.
Well, just...
They're not recent, sir.
They're just ongoing.
Yep.
Thanks to the brilliance and the speed of our judicial system
and our attorneys, it just continues on and on forever and ever.
Well, I got an idea.
I was hoping maybe to help put so much pressure on you.
Yeah, who from the Coral Gables.
Or, no, can we apply from reverse pressure?
If you give a huge listening audience,
I thought you were writing the SEC in the Florida bar,
might open a few eyes.
Well, it's a free country.
You can't, anyway, give out the information on the air, could you?
Well, I can get the addresses.
Yeah, absolutely.
No problem.
I know.
If these people are successful,
they're really screwing around with our listeners' rights.
That's the point that we were making on this station.
That's the point we were making on this station a couple of weeks ago.
And they're already making inroads because in case you haven't noticed,
and I'm sure you have, that there's a serious amount of our material
which has already disappeared from the air.
And this isn't because of any barrage of complaints by anybody in the audience.
It's because of vending and cowering to one individual who thinks that he's going to decide
what can be aired and what cannot.
Well, I think we need a little more backbone there from the management.
Well, we need a lot more backbone and a lot less paranoia from these attorneys
up in Washington who think that the best way to do it is play it safe
and don't do anything to offend anybody.
And you cannot compete in a marketplace while everybody around you
is doing, like Channel 7 is showing, what's that movie they're showing tonight
with all the bearbribe?
Right, but on Rio.
Play it on Rio.
And hermendemic being are doing the most outrageous stuff
that you'd ever want to hear in your life.
And yet we're under some kind of separate guideline.
I don't play that kind of ballgame.
I'm not going to do it anymore.
In other words, if we're all on the same arena together and we're in the same business
then I'm going to operate by the same guidelines as everybody else does.
You should.
Listen to my last point is on the Steve Kane probably end of it.
When it all first came out and you were allowed to talk about it a couple of weeks ago,
I was amazed at his weak response and how he explained.
Oh, God, how he explained how he just thought it was a joke and what not.
No, you know, there were two people, sir, who called.
And I haven't said anything up till now, but as you can tell, I've reached my limit.
There were two people on that one afternoon who called and they had the best question of all.
And the question when you're referring to it, the question was,
how come when Neil was on the other station, you brought the individual on the air
and you were, you know, a party to it and having a good time with it.
And it was all a big joke.
And now that this individual has turned against you,
how come all of a sudden you're singing a different tune?
And the response was, well, I all thought it was all in good fun.
It was never in good fun.
It was just as malicious then as it is now, if not more so.
And that don't hold any water with me, sir.
A little pop of apology might be nice.
Well, I think perhaps an explanation, okay?
We're all for you.
And I don't, I think they all, you ought to start playing any bitch you want,
because they're all funny and they're all intending to good humor.
And I got news for you.
There isn't anything that there isn't anything that we weren't playing over on the other station
and the FCC had no problem with any of the stuff that when it was on WINZ
and they're not going to have any problem with it now, okay?
Because we've never, ever played anything on the year that doesn't belong on a radio,
period. Now, stand by that.
Don't forget the addresses for the Florida bar and the FCC.
Okay. Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Good.
Ten past noon at WIOD.
I mean, how many times do you have to go through the same thing before it's determined?
Well, you know, it's always been okay up till now.
There's no reason why there should be a problem with it now.
But, man, if you could sit in there with these Washington attorneys
who play it real close to the vest at OG, whatever you do, don't do this,
and don't do that. You know, what kind of crap is that?
How much are you willing to sacrifice before you say enough is enough already?
Go do your own show.
Boy, you look like you're in just deep, deep thought.
No, not deep thought. It's just, looks like your brains are starting to explode
through your foreheads, very serious stuff.
It is very serious stuff.
And, you know, hey, we're sitting here with a pile of numbers and that's great,
but what does it mean? What in the world does it mean?
We had all those numbers at Zeta.
And by the last three or four months there, we were ready to blow our brains out.
We couldn't do anything.
And I'm not going to relive that same episode all over again.
That's one of the reasons I left. That was the main reason I left.
It's because it became unbearable.
Now, the numbers were great and they had all kinds of business on the year,
but you still have to be able to have a good time.
You still have to be able to come in and do a radio show.
And there isn't a, there isn't a, there isn't a Chinaman's chance in hell
that I'm going to go through that experience and relive it again.
It's 11 past 1214 at WIOD.
Oh my God. Now, you see, this is what really gets me.
Who do you think the first thing that we've got on the Fax machine?
Who do you think it's from?
Oh, no. No.
Oh, three, three, three lady.
Ah, Dossi, is that incredible?
What's up?
Dossi, don't you understand we don't want to hear from you.
We don't want anything to do with you. Okay, go away.
Please. Good Lord.
Then we get this.
Then Richie and Deerfield writes,
I know that this may sound strange, but I don't care if you are homosexual,
and it is a PS, do you care that I'm straight?
That I'm straight. No, Richie, I really don't.
Oh my God, I want to show you something.
I'm not going to read it on the ear. I'm tempted to read it on the ear.
You read it first and you see if I should read it on the ear.
Ah!
Yeah.
Oh God.
No.
By the way, Peter, I got your letter here that I'm reading, and good luck to you.
Good Lord.
Oh.
And thanks for the support.
I know what fact.
What do you think I should do with that?
Now, is that a facts machine from Sue?
Does that say? Yeah.
What do you think?
I think, give it to him.
That's what I would do.
What's that going to accomplish?
I always like to hear his responses.
Oh, do you have the things?
Okay, here's a plantation. Hello.
Hello. Yes.
Is Neil still around?
What do you want, sir?
With the phony voice, what do you want?
I don't want to.
Oh, man, or whatever you want.
I've got a clue. I can't help that.
What can we do for you?
I wanted to talk to Neil and Tom Plumman.
What do you mean you want to talk to him?
Is he still around? What does that mean?
Well, you just come in and I've been waiting this long and all of a sudden I think he's the greatest person inside the mystery.
Yeah. I have my doubts.
Who do you think you're talking to, man?
Oh, Neil!
Hey, let me tell you something.
You know, I've got a...
You're a top tier producer.
I had never called you before, but I had to commend you.
Neil, you did the greatest thing with great wording.
Did anyone... I mean, compative...
Well, that's interesting that you would say that because the only other call I had about having Craig on here
with some old bag in Boku who accused me of being...
What was the word she used in graciating and that was all a phony act and I always ripped Craig on here?
Oh, I can't get...
Believe me.
Do you know what that meant to that man?
You did the greatest thing and I mean that I don't know what he...
I mean, it was a great thing. I mean, I had him on the air and I enjoyed it and I like him and I've always liked him.
I didn't know how much of these children played out of the business as a...
You know, get all his grief off his hands because that's what this business does to you.
Oh, I'm talking about...
Well, what I told your producer and believe me, it's true.
Believe me, Neil.
I had 52 calls to that Saturday night and then I got to 57.
I don't have any idea what you're talking about.
People that couldn't understand why that Sally Gensley-Razzy-L was on the line.
They were very upset.
What I mean, you had 52 calls about one?
They want nowhere Craig was.
I mean, on your show?
No, on my telephone.
I take care of...
Okay, now you can call on the douchebag.
I know, I just don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not a tanky.
I'm just trying to understand what they're talking about.
You're talking about Craig's and they love them and they couldn't understand how our studio could do that to them.
Because they...
Well, what do you want me to tell you, dear?
I had him on the air for four hours.
We had a great time.
I know he's where the most gracious.
And you know, I wish you were my friend because I'd like to have you for a friend.
Well, I don't want to be your friend, okay?
No, but I'm just saying I think you're a good friend.
In fact, I don't want any friends.
I want to go into a cocoon somewhere, okay?
Maybe once in a while, sometimes I'm high to the puppies, but not too often, okay?
Just once in a while, but have a wonderful day.
As Craig would say, have a great day.
Oh, God.
1218 at WIOD, we have an open line in Broward.
524-9463, Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
You have one talk to me, oh.
You're speaking to him, sir.
Why does everybody think they're talking to somebody else?
I don't understand it.
Oh, I'm sorry, man.
That's okay.
Don't feel bad.
I'm a little nervous, but for nevertheless.
I like to stay out of that guy.
There are a lot of people don't give you credit for the work that you've done with the Millah House is just outstanding.
You know, I'm a black man, but you use a father's thing from the biggest I've ever seen.
75% of the people at the Millah House are black.
Right. Well, I don't care what color they are.
There are people who need help, and that's all they're like, const their human being.
Right. And the people that are attacking you for what you stand for, they are just insecure about what they are.
Evidently.
Right. You know.
Okay. Keep on keeping on.
Thank you.
All right.
1219 to WIOD.
Oh, open phones.
The show on gun education has been canceled today.
No.
That's an interesting.
Here are the addresses, by the way, for the Florida bar.
Why won't you give me that one on the bottom?
Boy, that's getting a little sinister now, isn't it?
That nickname, he gets carried away.
Florida bar, the address is 444, Brickle Avenue, suite 211.
Miami, and as I've got this, 33131.
That's Florida bar, 444, Brickle Avenue, suite 211.
Miami, 33131.
I'm not telling anybody what to write, but certainly a people who are thoughtful
and want to write rational letters about this abuse of the legal profession.
Certainly, you should be entitled to do so and have their voices heard.
And especially, I'm sure that we have attorney type people in this audience.
Yeah, you bet.
We've been very conspicuous by their absence, by the way, for the most part, in this ongoing abortion
that's been going on for nearly two years, and this ongoing abuse of your profession.
That's the thing about the medical profession and the legal profession.
And most of the people just want to look the other way.
Oh, no, we don't know about any abuse.
We don't know about that because they have their heads buried in the sand like ostriches.
And the address for the FCC, it wouldn't do any good to write to the local FCC,
Washington DC, and the zip code is 20554.
That's the Federal Communications Commission, Washington DC, 20554.
Okay, it's 21 past noon at WIOD, Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi, how you doing?
Okay.
That's good. Hi, Glenn.
Hi.
Hey, Glenn, I just wanted to know I love your last.
Thank you.
Listen, I just have a message for all those people out there who seem to be so concerned with everybody else's personal lives.
Why don't they just start getting involved with something good?
Why don't they waste their time maybe trying to save Amazon rainforest or something, you know?
Because they're negative people.
They may not have involved in doing anything positive because that's not their nature.
They are negative people and they want negative fallout to lie in their wake anywhere they go.
Uh-huh, Bob.
See, one thing I've discovered about, you know, you can have a political argument and pros and cons.
Well, one thing I've discovered about the right wingers, they always talk a good game, just like Bush talks about his nebulous thousand points of light.
But when it comes down to charity and when it comes down to helping people, 99% of the time, it's those who are the liberals, those who are progressive thinkers, those who are the humanitarian,
who really care about people who put their money where their mouths are, and generally the ones on the right who got more money than God, they still got the first dime they ever made and they aren't about to part with it.
All right.
Well, it's just that it's ponderous how these people, you know, they just can't spend their time doing anything good, you know?
I've done my part. I'm a member of the National Wildlife Federation, Audubon, et cetera, et cetera.
And, you know, I don't concern myself with what anybody else does. You know, why can't people just follow suit and just become good positive people?
Well, because that just unfortunately, it's not our nature in this country. Did you see the piece on 60 minutes last night on the apples?
No, I did not.
On the spring of insecticides, and on this UDMA, which is a cancer-causing chemical, one of the pesticides, when you ingest the apples or the apple juice, it turns into UDMA, which is cancer-causing.
And the incidence of cancer, I think they said, is like 40 times greater or 400 times greater than those people who don't ingest it.
And a lot of kids are especially susceptible to it because they drink a lot of apple juice and a lot of apple sauce and baby food with apples and so on.
And the EPA is just now getting around to thinking about trying to have the substance banned, which is going to take up to five years.
Great.
So if anybody out there really thinks the government gives you them about what we eat or quality of life or anything like that, that is not a concern in this country.
Just not a concern because we're more concerned with foolishness.
Well, this stuff should become a concern amongst people because we don't realize how much we're trashing our world and our lives.
Yeah, you got it.
That's not a good stuff.
Okay.
Well, I just want you guys to know, I love you guys. I think you're great. My even name might too little rats after you guys.
Too little rats.
Okay, a lot of people can relate to that.
Thanks a lot.
Boy boy.
Have a good day.
A positive.
23 past noon at WIOD.
Everybody who's for the fortune was at one time themselves at the C.
26 past noon at WIOD.
Those right to life are really right on top of it, aren't they?
They are right on top of what he just said.
That's a clarinet.
Here's a Jimmy Musack in D.
Hello.
What does that mean?
We were all one time pieces.
Listen, I just have a little question for you if you don't mind this regarding this newest controversy.
And I'm speaking from the position of the media buyer.
I'm working with the short term at University Miami.
We're going to buy Renieri's show.
But I'm getting the impression that your management is not really coming out strongly behind you on these people that are harassing you.
I wouldn't say they're not coming out strongly behind me.
It's just that we have a difference of opinion on how you deal with it.
And from the time that I first, you know, before I came here, I warned them that this was all going to go down because I knew, you know, I've already had 15 months of it in the other two stations.
And when it started happening here, I said you got to deal with it immediately and swiftly and strongly.
And their attorneys, you know, it's always, eh, well, you know, just lay back.
This guy's going to go away.
Nothing's going to happen.
And of course, here we are now many thousands of dollars later.
And just as I predicted, it's not going away.
And, you know, it's going to cost them an arm in five legs.
But that's their problem.
There, you know, again, all these people know better than you do.
That's a one thing that frustrates me about this business is that no matter how successful you've been, they still look upon you with some kind of an underlings, some kind of a moron.
As if they got all the answers and they're, you know, they got all these big, high-paid attorneys.
I got news for you.
And I'm like, man, half of these attorneys couldn't stick their finger in their ear, okay?
Litigate their way.
Where any play, that is correct.
Yeah. Well, here's what I thought in the matter is that if you buy a package and you consider yourself a commodity, if you buy that package, you take the good with the bad knowing of what you're getting into with both eyes open.
And you certainly, they're certainly making the money by the increase in the revenues.
Oh, there's no question about that.
Absolutely no question about that.
Then, you know, my question is why, what's the problem? Why can't they just resolve this for you and let you go on doing what you do, which is bring a little sunshine into the two hours of time?
I'll give you the honest answer, okay, because today is my day to be perfectly honest, all right?
More so than usual, all right?
And that is because the FCC attorneys up there in Washington have got them tinkling all over themselves and changing their underwear every five minutes, which is typical for all those FCC attorneys by overreacting the certain things.
And they're just like the reviews that really needn't be overreacted to.
And as a result, rather than continuing to do what we know is right, we have to just cut back and do this and do that and do a little tap dance.
And it's ridiculous. It's absolutely utterly ridiculous and it's unacceptable.
You know, like I said, there comes a point in your life when you just say, I've been abused enough and I'm not going to be singled out for any kind of special treatment.
Period.
Well, listen, we've got a home for you down here in the case.
We've got per capita moral parts probably than anybody else in the entire world, but you know, I just say I haven't feeling that they could entertain as much as the young parts like we do.
This is the Jimmy music.
If there can't be more than one.
What's the name of the station you work for, Jimmy?
WCTH, KETTCH.
Oh, yeah, that's one of my favorites.
Yeah, we're on the book, too, as a matter of fact.
I got in the book.
We saw a little tiny piece down the way.
A little bleep, huh?
Well, you probably right in there with Zeta.
Well, you know, we do what we can.
Now, did they call it KETTCH because you went on all those fishing reports?
That's probably got something to do with it.
And Steve Kane still from as far as I know is going to come fishing for shark with us.
There's an issue there, I suppose we have to take up.
Because I think, as I said, about your management, if your co-workers and the people that profess to be, let's just say, in agreement and in accord on most issues with you when your property is gone.
And if you're not going to be able to be a little bit more popular when you're riding the crest, if they're not going to stand right there at the top of the wave with you when there's a little difficulty, well, you know, it's going to sit too well in the stomach if you don't even mean.
That's so to speak.
So that's something else we'll have to address.
But I just, I have a difficulty understanding why they can't get these people off your back immediately.
There's got to be legal recourse if there's harassment.
And the first word to come to my mind.
Well, if you had any idea how much harassment is going on against me, against my sponsors, against my friends, against people who just who just happened to listen to and enjoy the show who don't fall into any of those other categories, it would just, it would boggle your mind.
You just couldn't even begin to believe it.
And yet I'm supposed to sit here and believe that all the legal resources in the universe can't combat that.
And if that's the case, then we don't live in a free country at all. We live in some kind of a fascist dictatorship, okay?
And based on this latest episode in Hollywood, I'm beginning to believe more and more all the time that we really do. We live in a fascist state.
If I were the buck, you know, is what I've always considered to be almighty even though it philosophically doesn't sit well with me.
But it always has been in the past and you generate that. You generate capital and income.
And you keep people's jobs going. And it would seem to me that as a valued asset, that they would protect your peace of mind so you can keep producing what you are producing.
Well, we'll see what happens.
Okay, well, you support that.
You know what they say, Jimmy, what goes around?
Come here. Have a good day.
Let us speak, bye-bye.
1232 at WIOD.
Welcome to the world.
Welcome to the world.
Welcome to the world.
Welcome to the world.
Welcome to the world.
Welcome to the world.
Welcome to the world.
Welcome to the world.
Welcome to the world.
Welcome to the world.
Welcome to the world.
Welcome to the world.
Some of those cards are a little money there, Nick.
1238, 22 till 1 at WIOD.
Welcome to the world.
Welcome to the world.
Hello, sir.
Neil and Glenn.
Hello.
Hi.
I haven't talked to you since you changed your format from issues to this type of thing, but I
listened to the hell out of you.
Let me give you more on an address you gave a minute ago.
Okay?
The FCC, the total address, and I think people need to have that, is to write the FCC, Matt Media
Bureau.
19.
Right, well, Adam, let me write this down.
Where are you getting this?
I, a guy.
I looked it up because I grote.
I got a few days ago.
I wrote a few days ago.
But, right, let me give you this address.
FCC, Matt Media Bureau.
Right.
1919, M has a mother, M Street.
M has a mother.
I couldn't resist that.
M Street, Northwest.
And the zip code you gave before is correct.
Washington, DC.
20554.
That's incredible.
FCC, Mass Media Bureau.
1919, M has a mother street, Northwest.
Washington, DC.
20554.
That is a mouthful.
And let me say this.
People that are against the show, if you want to say it that way, they're going to write.
Oh, I don't care.
No, but I'm saying this.
Those people that feel like me.
I don't call.
This is the first call.
You once I try to blew me off the oath, but that doesn't matter.
The thing is that if they find this type of show entertaining, you know, I'd like to read
a book right now, but obviously I'm not.
And if they find this thing entertaining, remember that there are those people that will take
away our entertainment.
And there's nothing wrong with this type of entertainment.
So as far as I'm concerned, you know, if you gave him a format for a letter, it's a mistake.
People out there, you've got to write.
And let me tell you something else.
I'm glad the thing sort of came to a head because I was pissed.
I mean, I call, I wrote a note to Jekka.
I called him up, pansy, for being afraid to discuss with you guys what was going on.
No, no, wait a minute.
He wasn't afraid.
Let's be fair.
He wasn't afraid to discuss what was going on.
He was just put in a position where we didn't, we couldn't at that time let him discuss what's
going on.
He's been very cooperative.
In fact, he signed an affidavit in regard to all of this stuff that's been going on because he was
hassled for a solid week himself.
And when he's on here tomorrow, you can go to the bank that he'll be more than willing to discuss it.
So don't take it out on Jekka.
Neil, I was wrong.
No, no, no.
I wrote him a note and then I found out I was wrong.
Not only that, he told me, I guess I can say this.
He told me his boss is at the Miami News, even put constraints on it.
That is correct.
So it's interesting the Miami News was when it was in existence owned by Cox.
I just want to remind you that.
Yeah, one last thing and I'll go to Kee.
Have you got any idea what time will be on?
I'm home today, but I'd love to take Jekka tomorrow.
He'll be on a whole show.
Four hours?
Yeah, he always is.
I'll buy some more radios with timers.
Neil, take care.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay, 1241 at WIOD.
We have an open line in date and in Broward 751 9463 in date.
524 WIOD in Broward and Boynton Beach on a Palm Beach Line.
Hello.
Hello.
I've got a suggestion for you on how to protect your first amendment rights.
It's borrowed from a cartoon that appeared in our wonderful local fish wrapper.
You're to rename your show.
Neil Rogers show and its effect on Islam.
Yeah, that'll do it.
That'll do it.
Then you'll have all the first amendment rights you want after all of that.
Yeah, the Iatola will probably come over and listen personally.
You got it.
Donahue had an entire show this morning of people protesting the fact that nobody is protesting
the death threats to Solomon Roushie.
No, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I'm going to say again the same thing.
I don't want to get into that because we don't get into heavy topics on the show.
But the fact is that in this country the right wingers have been burning books and have been burning
phonograph records and CDs and have encouraged kids to get out there and have these mass book and record
burnings for the last eight years this has been going on and nobody gives a damn about it.
Okay, but all of a sudden, you know, why should it surprise anybody coming from the Iatola?
The guys mad as they had her anyway.
Why should that surprise anybody?
If somebody steals something over there and this is just the Iatola, even with a shot was there,
they cut off their hand.
That's Islamic justice.
That's the kind of barbarians they are.
That's right.
So why should it surprise anybody?
What might be the fact?
But the fact is that it goes on in this country and people are being suppressed and repressed all the time.
And nobody gives a good god damn about that.
Well, you might be surprised at the size of the audience that you have, how much of it's conservative.
If my mother and I listen all the time and we're very concerned.
Well, let me say this to you.
The true conservative allegedly should be more against repression of speech than anybody else.
That's not a problem.
No, I'm not talking about you.
I'm just talking about conservatives in general.
Yes.
It's just the surprise, isn't it?
Because the conservative wants government out of the individual's life.
They want less government.
Right.
Supposedly.
Sounds good to me.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot.
1243 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward.
524 or 524.
It would help, I guess, if we gave the right number.
Well, let's try some different numbers.
Okay, that might be more effective.
524, WIOD and Palm Beach, no matter what number we give, at the garnish shelf,
nothing matters up there.
655, WIOD.
655, 9463.
Boy, that Palm Beach County is something, aren't they?
Here's a mobile in Del Rey.
Hello?
Yes, Neil?
Yeah.
This is a lawyer that got cut off two hours ago.
I'm sorry about that, but somebody cut your water off there.
That's quite a big deal.
I wanted to emphasize what I thought was the most important point.
And what I really wanted to tell you was that the system is designed to protect the innocent
and unfortunately protects a lot of guilty or a lot of individual, such as your friend and Coral Gable
who ought not to get the kind of protection he wants to deny you.
And I really wanted to just emphasize, I want you to hang in there.
The system does work.
It will protect you.
And you have a lot of good people out here.
There are a lot of conservative people like myself and like the lady who just got off the phone with you.
Well, very conservative so aesthetically, but who believe is all care said that we may not agree with what you say,
but we'll defend to the death you're right to say it.
Well, it sounds good in practice, my friend.
And I know your intentions are good, but I don't see a line forming anywhere to do any of that.
Especially amongst your own, among the legal profession.
Most of the lawyers in South Florida are too busy raping the public out there and looking to make a fast buck
as opposed to helping to defend the First Amendment.
Well, I have had, you know, and I'm not including Norm Kent because Norm is a terrific attorney.
And thank goodness I'm involved with him now.
But prior to Norm Kent, I've been involved with it no less than a half a dozen different attorneys.
And I would suggest to you that there isn't a single one of them that's got any clue of what the First Amendment's really all about.
Okay, or how to defend it.
Well, allow me to just suggest to you that the law business is indeed a business like many other businesses.
And just to talk radio is a business to a degree.
You have a product. You've got some very good people like yourself who are in the market.
And you've got some people who are not so good that are in the market.
But let me just suggest to you, not to generalize it.
If you've had some unfortunate experiences that are presently going through an unfortunate experience,
I'm going to tell you there's a lot of really good damn hardworking people out there.
And I like to know where they are.
Yeah, I'd love to know where they are.
Well, come on up to Pongi County.
Let me tell you, when I worked for Guy Gannett, they're not going to mention the attorney's name,
but they had one of their attorneys who supposedly, one of the premier First Amendment attorneys in South Florida.
And this gentleman helped to engineer an agreement, the likes of which you've never seen in your life,
which we were coerced into being party to.
And if this is his idea of what the First Amendment is all about,
giving private individuals the right to censor whatever material is said on the air,
then God help us.
I mean, I never heard of such a thing in my life.
And this was part of the machinations of one of our supposedly great First Amendment attorneys in this town.
Well, let me tell you something.
Just because they say that's the way to it, that does not mean that is the way to go.
You have, when you're talking about the First Amendment, incredibly wide, broad rights.
And I think most of us who do this kind of work, and I do our monochrome myself,
most of us who do this kind of work really takes a position that your rights are,
unless you're the kind of guy that's going to stand up in a theater and you all fire,
obviously some kind of speech like that is not protected.
Yeah.
But you're pretty much protected in almost anything you say.
You know, a few years ago, I would not be able to get on your radio show like I am now,
I call your friend and coilgable the douchebag, and I do think he is.
But, uh...
You better govern yourself accordingly, sir, because God only knows this call may be traced,
and you'll be getting a phone call.
Oh, that's okay.
That's okay. That is fine.
I really do not care, because as far as I'm concerned, what I just said is protected,
because that is my opinion.
Just like anything you say on the radio is protected because that's your opinion.
You know, you don't have to agree with what someone says in order to feel that they've got a right to say that.
And you don't have to, when you want to listen to someone on the radio or when someone is on the radio,
you don't have to evaluate their lifestyle or how they live or what they do or what they think in order to decide whether or not they deserve to be on the radio.
I think that's kind of what Hitler did.
I think although I don't think he had to talk radio and not see Germany.
Well, he had Joseph Gerbels, sir, in fact, he was a piece on the Arts and Entertainment Network last night,
following mine comp about Joseph Gerbels, and I think that it couldn't possibly be more timely, okay, sir?
If you understand my drift...
I do understand your drift.
Okay, I got to run. Have a great day, and I appreciate you, Carl.
Thank you, bye.
1248 at WIOD, we have an open line in day.
I might call you on Cognito.
Right, oh my, oh my, say Fox.
Yeah, that's right.
Ryan J. Dixon-Oll.
Yeah, we don't have any 18 to 49 songs, sir.
Thanks, anyway.
I look for you, I tried.
I called because the reason I say maybe the last call is, this call I got me no strokes.
I called to tell you something is a bigger admirer of yours.
Well, I was listening to you in Burden, Zeta, and we heard this kind of rhetoric starting ice burst that's thought
because I'm in the business that was coming from some kind of stick.
Yeah, and no sticks, honey.
Yeah, I know that now because of the past history.
I call it, say, a month on meal.
Straight from the gut the way you produce radio for us listeners.
There's only one way it's starting to appear to me that you've got to be on the radio here in this market
for at least another year or less.
And that is the number one on your own station.
I know you don't like that.
Yeah, I don't either.
It sounds like a big pain in the ass.
Number one on your own station.
Number two, have a great sales department who can make enough money out of your numbers to provide enough lawyers
like Waxi has for seven years of license to keep you on the air.
That's the bottom line.
I call to tell you that.
You know I'm being honest.
You know I got some money other than that, you know.
What can I say?
Well, we'll be looking forward at the door, honey, just a brown paper bag will do.
Okay.
Okay, thank you.
Take it seriously.
Okay.
Okay.
Well listen, we're at the end of another traumatic hour.
We have an open line in Broward, 5-2-D.
127 at WIOD is we take you up that Ho Chi Minh trail of this time.
Boy, who can be started on him, okay?
Oh, oh, oh.
A premium line that I'm in today.
Don't get me started on Mr. Mr. Wittner.
Right here.
This is Tabby Tech, any gear?
Oh, man.
Let's go out and shoot a few of those jungle bunnies.
Oh, man.
Yeah, that's what America's all about.
Here's a pay phone in Broward.
Hello.
Hey, Neva, what's up?
What's happening?
I kind of nervous here.
I haven't typed you in a long, long time.
I've been listening to that.
Ten or 12 years ago, you see a cadet with Hollywood.
Please do not.
Yeah.
And one of the things that I'm pretty hypocritical there was, they would go about, you know,
arresting people on movies and so forth and doing the right things.
And yet, you know, even inside the police department, certain police officers would have certain
pen-ups of Naker women or some plus-ler and so forth.
Another magazine.
You know, it was like, you know.
I'll see that's because there are a bunch of virulent, wonderful, all-American red-blooded guys in a Hollywood police force.
And they just don't like those homosexual, don't you understand?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Who are obviously trolling for young boys in those establishments, even though there's nobody under the age of 18 allowed in those establishments,
but they're trolling for young boys.
I'm curious how that goes on, you know.
Maybe they find them like lying under the seats or out in the backyard or in the alley somewhere.
Yeah.
I don't understand that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
See, the problem in this country is that we've got a bunch of people, we've got a bunch of fascist pigs who can't leave other people alone.
Yeah.
And if they really think that I'm going to let them do it to me, they're living in a dream world.
If I have to become a monk, if I have to go get the operation, okay.
And become neuter.
You know, at least that I can go on all the different top shows.
I can probably make a good living now.
I can make the circuit.
I can be on current affair, even.
Yeah.
Hey, listen, I want to, I want to sign them to doll and I'm going to have a cafe.
All those places are actually on.
They sure are.
Yeah, really actually.
Those people are so nice there too.
Okay.
Let's see, what's the same, boom.
Yeah, boom's a super guy.
You know, how can I really give him our time, you know, really put this in my arm.
Another thing, my wife worked at the Miami Airport.
And she's surprised how many, 70, 80-year-old ex-German coming up from South America,
Columbia, and Paragorean, so forth.
I guess the good Nazis that you left it after the war or something.
What do you think?
Did you, did you miss, did I miss?
I didn't get it.
Is she surprised at how many, what, 70, 80-year-old, what?
Well, 70, 80-year-old German men living in South America come up here for vacation.
Oh, I see.
I see what you're saying, yeah.
So, you know, I don't know.
From the Adolf Eichmann School, from the Adolf Eichmann Travel Bureau, yeah.
Yeah, well, I think there were good Nazis like, one of the Barbie, you know, all the other ones.
Yeah.
Well, we have our class Barbie doll right here in the studio.
We'll be selling them a special sale tomorrow.
Have a great day.
Okay, right.
130 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249463, 524WOD.
Miami, hello.
Oh, and the Ohio doing.
Great, terrific.
Yeah.
I was glad to hear about that lady's dream about you beating Cuba.
Wasn't that exciting?
I couldn't believe it.
Bring me back some vahvanas next time you go.
Yeah, I was standing on a street corner yelling to hell with Vidal.
To hell with Vidal.
I wanted to ask you something about Zeta 4.
Yes.
When you mention that they look at the numbers and they're satisfied, are you making a joke?
Are they actually feel like that?
Hey, I got news for it.
If anybody, you know, they say one thing, but if anybody in the world can be satisfied with 100,000 watt
classy FM station with that signal in a market like this doing one shares all throughout the day,
including now in Morning Drive, I will guarantee you that we are billing.
And I'm, you know, it's nobody's business what the numbers are.
But we are billing for this radio station at WIOD just from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
in this time slot.
We're billing more money than they do all year on Zeta.
Okay, on the whole radio station, I would go to the bank on that.
If I was on the book or management or something and I knew that they felt like that, I would be furious.
I would clean house.
Well, what does that tell you about the kind of company it is over there?
Why do you think we got the hell out of there?
I don't know why it took me four and a half years to do it, but, you know,
we finally cut the Embilical cord with Guy Ganon.
I mean, they're just impossible.
Well, you just keep up the good work and, you know, keep fighting.
Okay.
Okay, see you later.
You know, and those people out there think that I enjoy this,
that we enjoy having to be in a constant battle.
You people are nuts.
I mean, I remember those days in the early days at Zeta,
and especially in the first few months at INZ there in the daytime, we were having a great time.
Oh, yeah.
You'd look forward to coming to work in the morning, man.
It was just, it was the greatest things in sliced bread.
We were having a great time.
The audience was into it.
We didn't have to, you know, give the numbers out eight million times and pump for phone calls,
phones that ring off the hook.
We just had a real great time going.
I don't think the INZ thing will ever be recaptured again.
The thing we had in the daytime there the first few months,
simply because nobody's got the balls to let people go on the air and do some funny stuff.
Summer of 87.
Oh, yeah.
It was incredible until this witch hunt started in the late summer of 87.
That's right, about September.
And up until that time, we were having a great time.
And nobody was being harassed, and nobody was being molested,
and nobody was being recruited, and nobody was being solicited.
We were just having a good time entertaining the audience.
And now for the last 19 months, I mean, it's on and off.
Talk about, look at that.
FBNL just had a nervous play.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
And every line lit on the board, now FBNL just tick up,
and then everything went, look at that computer.
Look at, can you see the computer?
Take a look at that.
I like that.
You know, I really think this all goes back to those comments about the West Minister dogs.
Yeah, I really think that's what their deal went back.
We just laid off, you know, it was something about Sam Jankovich and you,
and Jimmy Johnson, and it was one thing about Alpo dog food,
and it was one thing about Greg Buchdel and Donald, and all that.
But I got news for him, and we laid into that West Minister dog show.
That's going a little to God damn far, okay?
Yeah, you finally did it.
Yeah, I knew.
That's going over the edge.
A new sooner or later, you'd go too far.
Yeah, and that was it.
No question.
Shame on us.
Yeah.
Anyway, good afternoon to you.
It's 133 at WIOD, and I want to tell you about the pizza loft.
Hey, listen, now you can even fax them your order for lunch at this number 2660251.
Is that true?
And if you haven't tried the pizza loft yet, in fact,
aren't they bringing in food on Wednesday?
Yes, they are.
That's what we understand.
And it is the home of the world's best pizza, and now they have an incredible service.
Just fax in the order.
It'll be ready for you when you come in.
So enjoy it either in the comfortable dining room or take it home, and enjoy it there,
or sit out in the middle of flag mystery and do whatever you like, okay?
Or they'll deliver a good job.
Just a joke, Joey.
It's just a little joke.
Man, look at this.
This is a mess.
Man, this copy is just poured out of the book now.
I mean, I realized that was major urgency to get that because I typed so many messages on this screen.
Well, boy, this is just a mess.
God is punishing you.
Yeah, evidently God is punishing me for my wayward ways.
It's a Westminster judge.
Okay, let's get some calls on here while I put the copy book back together.
You know, it takes till about four o'clock.
Miami, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Hey, terrific, pal.
All right, hey, bird out.
How are you?
Oh, I'm down here and put this goddamn place back together for us, okay, pal.
I'm doing it.
I don't think I can do it.
What a mess.
What a mess.
God.
Oh, listen, congratulations on your run your readings and stuff.
April, still trying to stop a Bob Soap or Weather card from last Wednesday.
That's how bad things are in this joint.
Oh, so you saw me in a moment.
Bob, shut up already.
Okay, well, let's you know what it's time to start talking.
Oh, that Bob.
We got the only car machine in America that just runs by itself.
You know what, remember, we used to have that one at Zeta once in a while.
Oh, it would take off by itself.
Just by itself, we'll just take off and go nuts.
Yeah, I think some of your engineers met one from Zeta and came over to IOD with you.
Now that you mention it, I'll explain a lot of things.
Not to mention any names.
Yeah.
Listen, I think, you know, when all this started with, what can we, your attorney friend down there?
You know, I was just sort of aggravated the first thing.
I pissed off and I was just disgusted with what's going on.
You know, it's just, when's it going to end, Neil?
It's going to end when the powers that be at this company or some attorney somewhere
decides that they can go into a court before a judge who's willing to stay awake long enough to hear the facts
and somebody grants an injunction and says to this individual,
you're going to have to find a new hobby that what you are doing is not legal, it is harassment,
and it is just unacceptable.
And it's also going to stop when the Florida Bar says you're not going to be allowed to continue doing this under the guise of practicing law.
You know, the man in the yard, this guy, he got control far from all his life and just...
I mean, I've encountered some pretty bizarre people, but I've never encountered anyone who was so ridden with hatred and homophobia
that he was willing to devote virtually every waking minute of every day for nearly two years to the destruction of another human being.
And that's what this is all about.
And I don't care what the individual tries to couch today is or to claim this is all about, nothing could be further from the truth.
Plain and simple, that's exactly what this campaign is about.
It is a homophobic witch hunt.
I'll give you a classic example. You'll laugh when you hear this.
The Wiggly News, which is the local gay newspaper, and again, this makes it obviously a legitimate news story.
They wrote two news stories about this a few days ago, a couple of weeks ago, which I mentioned on the air.
Well, needless to say, our attorney friend marched out of the Wiggly News headquarters and picked up five copies.
I don't know why I needed five, but five copies of the newspapers so we could read for himself in this horrendous gay magazine.
And, you know, of course, the article talks about it being a homophobic campaign, which is what I described it to them as.
The other day, and we get a copy of it, so naturally since a copy is available to me, I'm free to talk about it.
In which our attorney friend says, oh, I'm not homophobic at all, but did you see that wonderful publication that this is a letter to Tadfoot at the University of Miami?
Did you see that publication the Wiggly News?
And the first sentence he goes on that he's not homophobic, and then he goes into attack the Wiggly News because it's a homosexual paper and all of these ads and disgusting this and disgusting that, et cetera, et cetera.
And, I mean, you know, anybody who's trying to mask this is something else, he must think that we're simpletons.
Unbelievable. Just unbelievable.
Yeah. And then we got Mr. Ciderman coming on the year here, another great homophobic, using me of being a bigot.
Boy, that's the pot called the kettle pink, if I ever heard it.
You got it, now.
Okay.
Do we have a support small over here?
One other thing, how did the motivation station do in the ratings?
Hey, you know, it's funny you should mention that because I don't recall mentioning them.
No, that's a good question.
Take a look here. Let's see if we can find those famous pages now, 6 a.m. the midnight.
You may not have gone that far down on the list.
How much further can they go? It could go, you know.
Oh, wait a minute. I'm looking now.
Like made up, but I mean it couldn't afford that.
6 a.m. the midnight, just a second here.
Jeez, where's those 12 plus numbers? They keep disappearing.
More, this is such a mess that it just, I'm embarrassed. I'm humiliated and mortified, mortified.
Mm-hmm.
I can't find it. How about men? Would that do?
Oh, no, this is persons 18 plus. Well, I'm sure they don't have any teenagers, so this would do.
Yeah.
Persons 18 plus WOCNWRMF.0.6 WRHC.0.8, they didn't make the cut.
I'm not joking. They're not on here.
They're just going to get those coming numbers next, you'll see.
Yeah, we're looking forward to this.
I'm not joking. They're not, they didn't make the cut. WMBN.0.9.0.0.8.
RMF.0.6, which isn't even in the market in WOCNWRM.0.5, they didn't make the list.
I'm really, really.
Yeah. I'll find some category where they showed up.
I listened to Neil, you're about to change on the Zeta Morning Show?
No.
You know how to keep in the notes or anything that had another person?
If we're not have Portfolg Brad and Captain Dave and the Colonel, now they have Rose Fulge who's a major idiot.
Yeah, there you go. Good thinking, Pat.
That's why you didn't mention them because they're not on the list.
Let me look on the weekend. Is there somewhere where they showed up here?
Is WMBN with a point A, WKT?
No.
What is it? WWHN?
No, no. It's WN.
WN. WN. WN.
WN. WN. WN. WN.
WN. WN.
No, it's WN.
No, that's right.
It's not on here.
WN.
I'm Tony. It's not on here anywhere.
How about seven of midnight?
Well, I doubt that.
I don't even know. Are they on at night?
I don't know. It could be just a daytime or I don't have any idea.
I've never heard of it.
Now, WRMF has a point four at night.
They're on.
They're on to a point four.
Good heavens.
Here's a Monday. Here's 12 plus.
This is the total week.
Okay.
Six AM to midnight.
Here's a let's start with Zeta.
That's pretty low.
One six. CMQ AM.
One five.
FTL one two.
Radio Suave.
A one one.
WNBM. A point nine.
That's it.
There's another page there missing somewhere.
Stay tuned, Pally.
It could be on at missing page.
Wait until we find the rest of the story.
Okay. We're looking for it.
Here's a mobile disappeared.
Pompano. Hello.
Yes.
How you doing?
Okay.
Can you fax me a pizza?
Yeah. We sure will.
Right away.
I like the way it is.
Is it Neil?
It's low calorie on at the fax machine.
I love that.
Now, I've got a fax machine.
I want to see a pizza come out of it.
I love that commercial.
Yeah.
I'd like to have the stuffed shells with the meatballs come out of the pizza.
That's a fax machine.
What that would be delicious, wouldn't it?
That's great.
God has given me this about the apples.
Wouldn't that be something, by the way?
Yeah. I got a home and a house.
No, wait a minute. Before you go on.
Yes, sir.
My wife has customed it for my kids.
Got different types of baby food.
Came up with a great idea and not babbling about apples and baby food.
No, it is true.
I, if anybody missed a demon.
First person.
You first, first I talked to you and knew anything about it.
Well, that's because they're too stupid to watch 60 minutes.
They're stupidly watching another important show.
21 jumpsters.
That's the work.
Yeah.
21 jumps.
Oh, yeah. They're watching Johnny Demp.
I love what you guys are doing.
It's great.
You know, the right bear arms I found out on cartoons Saturday with my child.
That means you can wear short-sleeved shirts.
And I guess freedom of speech is that you can talk as long as you're ready to down first.
Mm-hmm.
Hello, come in.
Yeah. Now, I'm just reading something here that I find astonishing.
Okay.
Uh-huh.
It incredible.
What's that?
I can't, I can't, it's, it's involved with the Hollywood police again, okay?
Oh, God.
I'm reading some material here which I'm not going to discuss yet on the year until I've discussed it with my attorney, but it's just incredible.
Hmm.
Okay.
Well, I'll head here.
Well, as far as your attorneys go, you're going to be starting your new radio show soon.
By yourself, you're going to start your own show.
I know that in your own radio station.
I'd love to be your radio station.
What are you talking about?
Have you got sunny fox disease?
No, as all these people are after you and it's like the right to bear arms, you know, they're getting on you because you're not allowed to talk.
And I think you've got the money and the talent to start your own, you should.
And I think there's about 600,000 people out there right now listening to the degree with me once you just start your own show.
On what?
Are you, are you buying the radio station?
What do you mean?
Like on my microwave oven or my pop-up toaster, I'm going to start my own show from the house?
No, we can just do a little tiny crystal radio.
Okay, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, and I can go on welfare.
Well, good thing we've been kind of the Camilo's house because I'm going to be their next customer.
You're right.
You have a great day, pal. You're in a dream world.
147 at WIOD.
And if sunny is still listening and I'm sure you're sunny, don't go by on one of those 10 watt radio stations.
Please, just don't do it.
Hmm.
You're not going to believe this.
But SpikeWyze just brought us in the top 37.
This is 12 plus and the latest trend in the arbitraron ratings.
W-E-A-T-A-M at a point two.
W-J-N-O, that's the Lee Fowler factor, had a point three.
That's about what Lee...
Lee always has a three point something.
This time the points in front of the three.
W-Y-F-X, the big Fox, had a point four.
Wacky F-M, I didn't even know they had an F-M.
As a point four, K-A-T-A-P-A-P-F-R, Q-A-M, a point five.
This is the whole week, Monday through Sunday, 6 a.m. to midnight.
Q-A-M is a point five.
That's about as close to being off the air as you can.
And O-C-N at a point five, okay?
W-N or W-N or W-N or W-W, the motivation station didn't motivate anybody.
They didn't make the cut.
They're not on here.
And this even includes a bunch of stations like in Palm Beach County, that beat them out.
Okay, and the motivation station, and remember the neo-rodgers factor that was going to get them all at big audience in the midday?
When they went on the air, do you remember that?
Sure.
General manager said, well all those people that don't want to hear neo-rodgers and that filthy stuff and being called douchebags, they're going to come over to us.
Yeah, well, boy, I guess they're there.
And by the way, if he's listening to the General Manager of that station, we have a few others that we'd like to ship over to.
But they just insist on sticking around here.
Here's the douche in a mobile. Hello.
Hello there. I know I found it a little apoplectic last time I spoke to you in Maui Hawaii last week.
Yeah, just a little bit.
Well, you know how it is in Maui. You get a little high from being there and then having just climbed down 10,000 feet of a mountain.
It's incredible.
Watching the sunrise.
Yeah.
Well, how are you guys doing?
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Are you sure making up for last week, boy? You have no material at all today.
Well, I'm just calling to say hello. No material here. You guys got all the material.
That bird ball commercial sure sounds like a fix. I mean, that doesn't sound real.
It's real.
I know it is.
Trust me.
Oh, absolutely.
One of our fine sponsors and leave him alone, sir.
Well, I've been bowling there for quite a long time. I haven't seen any birds flying around though.
Good, yeah.
You want to say hello to a toll taker?
No.
Where is I don't like the toll takers? Okay, they make me nauseous.
I know.
In fact, I'm glad you mentioned that I'm going home on Friday and the toll takers at the sunrise exit of the Florida Turnpike on a hang their heads in shame.
They had two booths only open. There was an up traffic to kill a horse.
They only had two booths open right next to each other.
So all the traffic was converging and mixing in and there were like three booths where there were just people hanging out and standing around.
And it's one.
This one woman and I don't even know whether to call her a woman because I don't think she's got enough intelligence to classify as a human being.
Every transaction was like when you remember when Jefferson's was in business.
Oh, yeah.
And every transaction used to take a half an hour and that's one of the reasons they went out of business.
Well, that's how it was at the toll booth, okay?
I think the toll booths people down here, the insult that runs it learned at a run it from the Canadians.
Yeah. Well, no, they have to take a test first. They have to have an IQ of minus three.
Well, it's like they have to take a discount rate on what money you're giving them to make sure that they're giving you the correct amount of change.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, I just wanted to say hello to you guys. I mean, you know, it doesn't have to have material every call.
Okay.
You know what I mean?
Well, you sure approved that with this call.
Have a great day.
Have a good one.
Bye.
The Duke.
WSRK General Manager Tom Chuzano said the station is not filed any charges yet in connection with the yesterday's Anya Frecus between Morning Badboy Howard Stern.
And Elaine Boosler is publicist manager but we're keeping our options open, he said.
Stern, as is his wants, shook things up in Hollywood Tuesday afternoon while taping his morning K-Rock show at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel in conjunction with the Grammy Awards.
The Frecus began when Stern tried to get the attention of comedian Boosler over here, over here, Camira and sit down with a Stern cried out into the comedian through a bullhorn and never for to lure her to the K-Rock booth and microphones.
Boosler's publicist manager Steve Gerbson didn't seem to enjoy Stern's bellowing and told Stern he wasn't funny.
He Gerbson then slugged Stern with a bullhorn said Chuzano.
Gary Del Abate, Stern's producer, boy Gary, tried to separate them and was doused with a glass of soda.
Fortunately, nobody was seriously hurt to show continued taping for airing yesterday morning in New York.
Stern often takes a show on the road.
Two years ago, he was in London, he was forced to relocate a show after being ousted by a club when the owners complain he was making too much of a ruckus.
Bad Howard.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
And then he lay inside of the story as un-Liz Smith's column here.
This must be the daily news for the daily of the New York Post.
