I'm a cup tan, I'm a butt man, and I trust you are too.
What is that?
Wow, thank you Sharon so much.
1006 at WIV, do you think we got this word supposed to be?
I don't know.
You don't even know what it is.
No.
You don't?
Mm-hmm.
I'm gonna call Johnny Dark and tell him you're slipping.
What is it?
By the way, my horse, uh, we're gonna come in way back yesterday,
made a little move in the stretch and he's still running it highly.
That's all the right.
And I'm not picking one today because I'm picking, um, for the Derby tomorrow.
What's the one I picked?
Sunday Silence with Pat Vellan's Weila.
I mean, anybody can pick easy gore.
Okay, we got something here from specs. How do you like that?
So many things going on here. We got Johnny Dark on the floor, but he's gonna hold, right?
Yeah, I just, I just called up. I was gonna guess, come a little bit closer by Jeremy Americans.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Because we got a, oh, we got a collect call from Washington.
Hello. Yes.
Collect call from Washington. Yes. Zeta spy report here.
In Washington?
No, I think Washington.
Now listen, yesterday they're doing a lot of work.
What do you mean it isn't Washington?
It says on the board, collect Washington DC.
Well, I told Mrs. Zeta spy report.
Wait a minute, give me the wrong number.
Just a second. That's on four.
What do you mean it's on four? Johnny Dark's on four.
Well, Roger is just, I know it's Friday, but poor Roger is just crumbling, falling apart of the seams.
Go ahead as long as you're on there.
Hey, what's it only take a second?
Yesterday they're playing Led Zeppelin whole lot of love.
Well, that's shocking.
Yeah, what's it talk up of KC in the background?
You know, doing his little thing, you know, what's done on the phone?
Oh, no.
Oh!
And then they're slipping in another talk up with, uh, what's it named, Dan Quail, you know, I knew Jack Kennedy, you know, that, uh, we, you know, we told you from that.
Oh.
Mixing that all together.
Wow.
Was this on Gondershow?
No, this was on, uh, it was about three o'clock.
Oh, the, and the afternoons?
Yeah, about three o'clock.
Oh, no.
That's a bitter pill to swallow.
I'll tell you that.
Well, listen, by the way, I'm slapping, uh, unbelievable bumper stickers on all the rental cars I can find.
Okay, slap it.
And listen, uh, Glenn?
Yeah.
You're not a pretty rat.
Take it easy, guys.
What?
I didn't get it.
I didn't either, but it must have been good.
Uh, 751, WIOD and D8, 524, WIOD, there's an opaline and brown, the Washington D.C. call is on.
Now, wait a minute, are you still there, Johnny?
Yeah.
Okay, hold on.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
Are you doing Neil Glenn?
We're doing okay, like I just said, you know?
I'm on line three.
Yeah, you're on three.
Okay.
So when we put you back on hold in a second, you'll know.
Absolutely.
So what do you want?
Uh, just talking, guys, you know how nice it is up here today.
It's real rainy.
Yesterday was beautiful.
Well, it's not as shining.
It's going to be about like 85, 88 today, something like that.
It's beautiful here.
People are morons, but it's beautiful.
Oh, you should see it up here.
There's restaurants, things to do.
It's great to be out of that town.
Yeah.
But, uh, just wanted to call, say hello, put another pin on the board from Washington, DC,
and wanted to call Marvin and Rick douchebag.
Okay.
Well, we'll put you, we'll put the pin right next to the Oli North Memorial pin next to our map.
Okay.
Put me on hold for a little while.
Right next to the federal penitentiary.
Okay, you want to be on hold?
For a little while.
Okay.
Well, he's on hold, John.
How do you like that?
That's amazing.
I wasn't a good that we got that Zeta spy report before your call.
Yeah.
We got somebody on here that wants to talk to you.
How do you like that?
What's that?
What?
We got somebody on here wants to talk to you.
Can we do this?
Hey, Neil.
Johnny, are you there?
I'm here.
Oh.
That's what, Johnny, would you please tell me on the board that way back when, um, that um,
Howard Stern did do a song called Johnny Dark to his coming to town?
Yeah.
What?
He didn't do that.
I sang that for Christmas.
Oh, why don't you bring it in?
Because I like to hear it.
Because I don't have a copy of it.
Oh, come on.
I'm sure you do.
Come on.
I don't only, only Howard has a copy of that.
Oh, well, I've never really said.
Uh, well, I was in strike.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks.
I'll wait a minute.
How am I going to do this?
Just a minute.
Okay.
Amazing.
Yeah, I was.
And I was saying, I'm out of material before I started because you took away what I was calling about.
We took away your, we stole your thunder.
Yeah, I was going to, I was going to call up and get guests the, uh, the record.
Oh, well, how about.
Oh, come on.
Count me in.
No.
See, I even said that.
Count me in isn't on the, uh, CD and your guests in count me in.
Boy, you guys both have lost it.
You'll never get hired back and share our show to again.
I'll tell you that.
Wow.
Did you hear us play the new colony six yesterday, John?
Yeah.
Well, I didn't know that that was on CD.
Isn't that great?
In fact, not only is it on CD.
I think I still got it here, but it's the you know how they have records on the front pictures of records on some of these CD
Oh, yeah, it's got the picture of that particular record
I'm mercury on that on that tan and um, wait a minute. Let me find it and didn't we lit it?
Yeah, I'm a lit on that tan and red remember with this kind of like stripes curved stripes. Oh, yeah
I have a copy here. I'm sure you do probably have several
I don't know how people have baseball cards
Johnny dark is God he trades records like baseball cards
He stolen them from the best stations in America and many of most of them are in mint condition. They've never been touched by a needle
But the trouble is that that's way too much of a hit for the new colony six you have to go deeper into that CD
Oh deeper you have to go deeper and that's a lot of some of the ones that you know
We're not quite first of all. It's not a new colony six CD. It's a mercury collection volume three
45s on CD. This is a great collection by the way. I've got at least seven seven records here by the new colony
You don't have if I can get the crying shames on CD. I would just about kill for that. Yeah, but no luck. I have it on record
I got well anybody can get it on record. Did you hear I like it like that by Chris Kenner on CD? Oh, yeah
Wow God only knows what this country's come and do next and then some of those are actually original recordings
Yeah, one or two. Yeah, I love it when you play the ones that are echoey and have big audiences in the background
That were recorded in a garage well good. I got a whole bunch of those will play them all today
That'll kill some good time in between eating the Chinese food. Yeah, anyway. I'm totally out of material now
Okay, guys have a good weekend good day. Okay. There he goes Johnny dark now
That's not the Johnny dark that used to work on WMCA that is the Johnny dark that used to be a super sure
Fired boom boom can understand like that. Did he fire him? Yeah, wow. Yes, he did I
Guess he shed the wrong thing
Something like that 10 23 a W I do you okay up there now? Okay, hold on
I'd like to make sure our callers unhold are doing okay
We like to check on them once in a while because if anything happened we could call a paramedics or whatever
This Saturday it's tomorrow right at high a Leah you can not only see the Kentucky Derby
But you can bet on it too. I think I'm gonna call Dave Johnson a little later on in the show because I got his number in the ABC TV trailer
Mm-hmm and Dave was kind enough to send the post positions just moments after they were drawn at Louisville yesterday
So we had him first I would think Louisville Louisville as in a Louisville sluggish
You know boy Gary. Yeah, is that gonna be any ideas boy Gary like getting on a bus you can still make it
You can still make a well pack your sandwiches anyway
The Derby will be a telecast televised
What do they call it?
Cycle cast at highly tomorrow and you can bet on it. Okay now you shmerls out there
You go ahead bet easy go or at one to two or two to five whatever is gonna be I like Sunday silence
I'm just do you want to make a pick?
Mm-hmm here. Well here. I'll give you the list
Those are the only come on now. Let's get serious also the feature tomorrow at highly will be the
$175,000 black Helen handicap Ravenella heads a field of that one and then on Sunday
It's the $50,000 dolphin handicap and I bet you so Joseph Gackie gets out for that one too
We got to talk about you on a second year about that article by Dave Hyde and don't forget
I know it's a little ways off but the last day of highly is racing season. That's a Sunday May 28th highly will feature free
Admission for all on that day so get out see and bet the Derby tomorrow post-time 1 p.m. at high a Leah the one that I kind of
I'm just
Estonish about is the one that says Goldberg on cane
Yeah, so I think says I think he's one of the most more despicable people I've met
Neal's good. He's funny, but Steve's not a funny guy
What I don't like is he's an uninformed guy trying to bring attention to himself
Oh, I took real exception to him after going after Zagaki Joe works 60 to 70 hours a week does a great job cane does nothing
He gets his audience from Neal in the minute Neal leaves. He's back to a field goal
Who?
What a shot you brought Steve told us a made up and they were
No, not anymore and then Zagaki on Rogers. This is a good one. He's been doing the same thing for years now
He rips the sales department on Monday. He rips management on Tuesday, huh?
And rips our department on Wednesday. It's part of a show
Now we don't just rip the sales department on Tuesday. Okay. That's where you're very wrong or Monday
Whatever he says speaking of that look at that here's
And God only knows
Now Disney's working on a in fact they got the bundled the big shots from Atlanta
They're working on a group session in San Diego. You know where they perform those little abotomies
I'm gonna send the entire sales department out there and just reach into their brains and pick out those little
That's about little things. Yeah
So anyway, I'm sure a lot of you saw that and that'll
Saw all of the guy in Washington didn't see it right?
Is he gone? No, you did see it. How'd you see it? I was there just yesterday
Well, let's in this morning's paper
Oh, I'd get the paper up here too
Yeah, this is starting to sound real shaky now. You don't know Ali North do you?
We went out by the
Quarterhouse yesterday. There were a lot of reporters. We didn't get to see him though. Uh-huh
It was pretty wild over there. Does he call you once in a while? Alley now. No now
You sure now I never sent you any travelers checks or anything? No
Okay, hold on
Starting to sound real shady and on them send anyway that wasn't the record I had cute about one good Johnny hysterical
Oh, I know which one I had cute up
So anyway, they were doing on Zeta. I still can't get over that spy report about the doing talk-ups with Casey Kason and oh
Hey, this is uh, well
That's about it. It's fighting in Georgia, Gassy
That wasn't bad not bad at all now. Bestie for a kid for a little kid can even do talk up now
That makes me mad what they're doing over there. So therefore I'm gonna retaliate today. Uh-oh now to mark our
Sixth month anniversary here at iode which is coming up in just a few days. Well, it's today because today
Well today is the fifth and we started a seventh. Whoa unless we're coming in on Sunday. No, we're not
So in honor of our six month anniversary, I'm gonna tell a story about Zeta that has never been told on the air before today
shocking
Yes
That's about as exciting and Georgia's acid
Yeah, it's pretty tight huh little too tight
Not bad
That's the things that I say and do thanks again to my friends at specs for making this show livable today
Got this Dion thing. I'm gonna play all of them. I'm just gonna go nuts today
We've got a lot of calls on here, but who needs them right, but we better take these mobiles because they'll go away. Hello
Thank you. Thank you. It's about time right right? Right time. Jays enough is enough already right? You're gonna like this
Okay, um on sunday. I was listening to a show of Meg someone or other uh-huh
She uh she adores you. I don't know if you and believe me
She called you the king of talk radio. No, she's honest to God. She said you've brought
Thousands of listeners over to the station. You've done more for this. I'm being serious
Well, that makes she really has been sucking around lately hasn't she? No, she's great. She really is
She's never on the air, but she's great only time she gets on the air is when she calls her an area in the morning
Trying to get those free promos man desperate. Well, you know when you work here
You got to get promos anyway you can because it's always a big secret
She really wants a bat for you. I'll tell you not to bet to bat to bet for me
The bet for yes, you want to bat for you and no she really stuck up is one caller called in how could you be on the station and
That's what she wanted
You know these these douchebag what was it some old bag some old bag that called it was an old bag in a half yeah
Oh, Meg is so refined and so wonderful. How could you be on with that douche bag? Oh, Meg
Sad isn't so Meg
Dusty Rhodes is gonna be here today. He is the emergency
Says what it says in the Sun sent. I think nightmare is the word all look at that
He's back to that wrestling stuff
He Rhodes will he fit into the studio seat will he pound me?
Will he show up all you're wrestling itty. It's all of those me with an IQ of under two
Wrestling on the cane show today and of course Steve will be wrestling with his conscience all we can't after doing that show
Was it on Monday that Hank and Joe were blasting someone or other I didn't I don't hear sports talk very often unless I'm in the car
Hank was running and raving. He called someone an asshole. He called Stephen asshole. Yeah
Yeah, it was really ramping and I never heard of and that was the nice part that was a compliment compared to the rest of it
You know you two are very similar. I don't know if you
Is that you and Hank oh, yeah, you're very
Well, we're both fat. We both like the horses. There are some differences. I will say that right up front
You both had a breath you know you both had a lot of things that is correct. Yeah, we're both Jewish
We both don't go to shoul in fact Hank works on Shabbos just out of spite every week
Val your very nice boys and now you're real you really are I think doing a lot for the station
That's about as exciting as Joe's a gassy
Well, I think I'm more excited
Don't start now. Thank you very much
Okay, five don't start old Dave Hydle have another big expose next week
Let's see is there something on here that I want to play for oh, yeah, this is the one these guys. It's specs made our whole stinking show today, you know
1034 I
61
Oh, this is a great great. This is okay sounds great. Mm-hmm
And then this I think you can just look him right ahead on here. Don't can't you when she kiss me
I was born that she's that good by yeah, and I knew right
I was
1035 I'll tell you one thing you know bill wise. He's all excited because they got a good book over
They got another one of those fluke months of GTR and he's got all these did you see him on the wall? Yeah, you know
That's pretty tacky, you know what I mean we go out of our way here to try to in fact even cleaned up the studio because Mike
What's his name from Atlanta came in today and he wanted to make it look like the place was really neat and refined
And we're not a bunch of slabs which we are and here spike wise got the wall with all these tacky posters with GTR bumper stickers on them with all the big numbers
GTR and then she and then Zeta weighed down in little tiny print of the bottom, you know
Which was a bitter pill for them to swallow over there
They've been swallowing a lot of bitter pills over there, you know what when you tell that disgusting story later on well little later on in the show
We don't want to we don't like to release the good stuff right in the beginning
We like to kind of hold back something that's right by the way if you weren't listening yesterday
We got the Palm Beach book here and we kicked some serious ass on this show and Palm Beach in the book
Okay, which is why nobody would send it to us
But we have a Palm Beach spy who passed it long and
In all the meaningful demographics we kicked the daylights out of JNO
Out of PBR in fact out of the both of them put together my favorite let's see 10 to 3
My favorite number there's one that's higher 18 to 34 men
But in person's
25 to 54
Midday we had a 5 3 and JNO had a 2 3 PBR had a point six
So we doubled the two of them put together just about okay that our mark is yeah
It's not even our market and we beat the crap out of you fakers up there in Palm Beach, okay?
In men why am I mentioning this again because I like it
You get a bad chick us they don't want us to know this exactly that John Fakano that paranoid douchebag up there at JNO
Men 25 to 54 we had a and only an 8 3
In a Palm Beach book JNO had a 3 9 and PBR had a 1.2
So stick that in your pipe and smoke it, okay?
We do have a lot of people in Palm Beach for just a bunch of anti-social morons, okay?
Now we are two dumb to dial the number we are sending this by a
Gold star in a purple jelly. Yeah two of them. Yeah. Yeah 1037 a W I O D
Charhot is open right now as we speak so those of you who are starving physically as well as mentally
We invite you to go over to char hot and get out of that junk food habit there is
Too bad we don't have time to play the whole record
Oh
Thinking about the difference between F and A
We were on F
You did the talk ups and then you played the record don't wreck a.m. You do the talk up. We don't play the record
That's the difference right?
Yeah, that's basically different plus on the FM you could hear both channels, but other than that
That
That was shocking I even surprised myself
It's 1040 at W I O D the neo-rodger show with the Glenn Hill the bird
Just mention that because then because then boy gear didn't have to do a whole thing about I don't know what show their
Most in your name. Yeah, that's why we do so well
Okay, that's why we have these gigantic numbers because they don't know the name of the station or the frequency or what they're listening to you know
Just please you know boy gear they even know I know this is credible and he's I can believe me
For a second they even know by the way where's my check?
They even know who comes on after us. Where's my check?
Hank Goldberg knows who comes on after us
Uh, is anybody in a building got my check like Cheryl because I know we got these big wigs and all these big powwows and
Confabs going on, but I I like to start early on this because they do have a tendency to forget don't they every Friday
It's like a big it's embarrassing to have to talk about it in the air
Uh, wait a minute don't I keep it in the wrong one there. It must be a reason for that. You know what I'm saying?
Are you there? Yeah, I'm still here. Okay
Um, but it's just something I got to do because it's the only way I get it
If I didn't talk about it on the year, I'd never get the check
See I could go in a hallway and do it inside private, but then they'd look at me and laugh
But on the air it's kind of like there's a lot of public pressures
That way
Okay, let's take this mobile if there's still I can't believe I'll leave old. I'm still here. Well, you're incredible
Neil Burg, K-Thow
Yeah, you're doing good easy for you to say listen
I was gonna call and guess everybody loves the clown for the actual thing. Yeah, that was
You're gonna have your last acid you're gonna have your i95 acid casuality
I can't wait don't leave your name and address just keep looking man. I hit rock bottom in the traffic today on the chronic
Cammy I hit rock bottom today. Yeah, I asked I look at somebody. I said can I please get a hadier they just look at me and said no
I wouldn't let me go. Yeah, that's right. Hey, but wait a minute wait a minute at least they were honest, okay
They didn't pull one of these deals where they pretend like they're gonna let you win and then just as you start
Trying to work your way and then they floor it, you know, they didn't do that. I feel like I want to go back to New York
Oh, no, don't say that wait. I want to prove what I said that New York is like 50 billion pounds of garbage
You know, it's you don't want to go back there. I mean just because they got all kinds of things going on and it's a lot of fun
That's no excuse
I just want to prove to my dish bag causing Gary that it's me
Wow
And it come
Okay, pal he's gone. He is gone all he did was get blurt that out and that was Eric come a road to you sir by the way get it right
1043 we have an open line in Broward at 524 w. That's the Johnny Darkline
That's true if you want to be on the same line that Johnny dark call
It's sandy by Dion. Hmm. I heard I got it. I think I got it
And we got a great record here for one of our all-time chronic listeners who just she threatens that she's gonna show up on
Saturday tomorrow. That is we're gonna be a noondah 3 at Boats our us
Who said
Long way down
Oh
This is a this is a tough one
Kids you know want to try this at home. No, whatever you do now next week
We made do an hour of letting the audience try talk-ups
But don't practice at home if we can alone unless you're accompanied by an adult over 90 with blue hair and blue shoes
Because you could just absolutely devastate yourself
Like that
With now it's just you can't really do it because it's
You know it's constant. It's a never really sounds clean. I thought it was pretty good. Yeah, it was but it wasn't
My feelings are hurt. Oh
Very difficult
Huh the other one was very difficult, but it was there. I mean it just there's like a whole bunch of something starting at the same
Yes, now this one I guarantee is nailed
See can mess around with me once but
1045 at w-i-o-d. Here's another mobile on that Palm Beach line. Hello
Gay nine an ice day, man. Oh wow
Okay Palm Beach is open at six five. Told you we're big in Palm Beach tonight
655 w-i-o-d. It was probably John Pocano calling into congratulatus and our big numbers in the Palm Beach book
Don't you think yeah, no, I don't doubt it for a minute deer field hello
Morning, yes, sir. Neil bird. Yeah, I just a couple of quick something. Okay. We were at the
Promotional but Hollywood
Saturday and came out of there with a former on a trade in both the other cars. Great. It's good
And wanted to say quick things to Barry Epstein Jr
Eating
Do you know? Yeah, well, I guess it runs in the family, you know? Yeah, well, we're leaving we're taking your advice and we're bailing out of the state. Are you serious? Yes, sir? Boy
We'll give you a call when we get there. Where are you going?
Boston, Massachusetts. You're going to Boston?
Wow, and then you can listen to jury Williams and he can have you rip up your ex on credit card on here. That'll be great
Yeah, that's wonderful and Larry Glick and you can start your own lemonade stand. That'll be a lot of fun
Well, you know what they say about Boston, don't you?
It might not be as bad as everyone says. Okay. Good luck to you. You'll enjoy Fenway Park. Have you ever been there? Oh, yeah
I was brought up there. Oh, yeah, I love Fenway Park. I used to go there and just hang out all day
Okay
Good luck to you pal. Give us a call from up there now. Okay. Bye. Bye. Yeah, you know you will
Although it happens, what's just happened on the phone there? We had like a line go out
Oh
1046 and I wonder if the guy in DC is still here. Oh, that says a lot for how exciting it
I mean, he didn't even do up here today. It's raining. You didn't even listen to how it's during this morning. No
I caught a little bit of John Debella last night on TV. Oh, if you catch John Debella you got to go to a specialist
Hold on pal hold on and that sound like
Some kind of a venereal disease John Debella
Okay, I don't I don't want to talk to these people. I want to play music
Little bit
I want to know where my check is
And I want to know where the Chinese boot is too other than that
You know you drive me wild
You're such a little evil child
Now I want you to listen
I want you to listen to the what's that what are those seven and a half eight and a half and nine what are those
I'm judging your oh
I got you know, it's Friday Roger. I'm not that sharp on Friday that I can follow that. No, but I've got now
I want you to listen to the instrument and see if it doesn't sound like
Zamfire the pan flute
On this freaking I listen
Yeah
Very similar
It never saw Zamfire and Dion together either did you kid so that I think there's a lot of my questions
Okay, both those Palm Beach lines are open, but you know something I don't care now that we have the Palm Beach book in hand
We see that we're just absolutely knocking their butzop up there
We don't
Fear a lot of noise in the background. I'm opening these don't you think there's a better way to package CDs
Don't you think if you know they've been around long enough now like two years ago
We were saying pretty soon they'll come up with a better way to package him
They do this so that people don't kids don't steal them. That's really the main reason they make them so big
But wouldn't there be a better way?
You know
The AST open up a CD I mean by the time you get through rip in his cardboard and shredding your fingernails and
Standing on your head your apoplectic now do I have time to read the radio?
How does the girl would say no after our break okay after the break is I want to talk about Toyota of Hollywood where the previous caller who knows Brian Epstein Jr
Uh, he said he got a great deal and you will too when you deal a Toyota of Hollywood
See if it sounds like I'm obsessed when that jingle ends you know, yeah, it's a shame not to come back with music
I
See I wasn't gonna let it happen twice in the same show. I got burned early right at the beginning
I was not gonna get burned twice in a row
Anyway, we're really Gary Lewis and a playboy is intensive today because Steve did that show on Jerry Lewis a couple of days ago
And we're just delighted to give Gary all the all the publicity he wants and probably BMI and ASCAP are setting him back like crazy too
Miami hello, hey Neil hasn't hang it okay
Just why let you know that I asked my dog that question nice night to give me a dirty look
How is your dog are they doing they're doing just great. They're crazy as a bed bug. Are they still going wild?
Well, they're okay. They'll be all right
Joseph khaki does really suck, but oh come on now that's terrible to say. I mean even if it is true
That's horrendous to say no thanks good, but Joe's terrible
Anyway, I'm going
It's bad
Yeah, by the way the cops one last night for nothing Mike Balecki. I mean yesterday after them puts to five hit her a complete game
And it was just marvelous. Can I talk now? No
Now listen my girlfriend and I are going up to Disney World. Well, are you trying to suggest you don't care about the
American week fan
No, why don't you know like Joe's the gaki okay?
You know if any good restaurants up in the Orlando area no
1054 W I would do we have an open-eyed indeed seven
Well, he doesn't care about the cubs. I'm not giving him any restaurants go to crystal okay pal
It'll fit your tasted baseball. Oh, they got steak and shake in Orlando. Don't give him that
That's too good on radio today this Saturday this morning's hero
They got a big boy up there that'll make your breath all over your car. Okay. That's how bad it is 10 a.m
Sandy Payton yes topic should business owners be responsible if drugs are sold on their property
But then what would I say?
But you'll owe LB
Seven nights
10 a.m.
Neil Rogers yes, 10 what we made it yes, it is for an a herald. Yes. Oh my god
2 p.m. Steve I wonder who's responsible for that he's an oh, Joan provocateur whoever he is yeah 2 p.m.
Al ran whatever you got though. That's my check like I said, please come in
both of you what
Boy, huh now how do you happen to have my check?
Well, thank you so much, but I mean I get it from somebody different all the time
You didn't want to bother me while I was on a year. I got news for it when it this comes first
What's on the air is just a full of time, but thank you so much. Thank you very much. Isn't that nice? I got my check
Yeah, are you upset about we're going to track Sunday or are you gonna crap out on this on that?
Okay, we'll go next week one day our intel. He's not going see
I offer to get a nice box out there and be beautiful, but he's like he talks a good game. He doesn't want to go
Go ahead
Alice Rantel has
Rick trash
Trashman
Yeah
Former he's related to Gene Cash. Yeah, Rick Trashman who I saw a few weeks ago
The Trashman didn't they do Serpent Bird? Yeah, former Navy officer who blew the whistle on Duff and abuse
That's the exciting Alice shudts. Now how did I want some spy reports on his show with Jerry Butler?
Yeah, how did that go? The ugly Harry Pornos star who's a little on the who seems a little on the swishy side
Anyway, there's one more that I have a question about you in the radio highlights. He don't seem on a swishy side
630 tonight by the way, I want you to look at Gary Lewis seeing this disc look at his
His lips and his chin. Was that it? No seriously. Does that have Jerry Lewis written all over it? Sure. He's got that
Jerry Lewis a chin and we apologize to him for that. He wasn't only traumatized in Vietnam
He was traumatized every time he looks in a mirror and he thinks of his dad and he breaths all over himself
Okay, go ahead Alice Rantel has got no he just picked me up. There's just one I want to ask you about
I'm not going to go through all the V's 630 tight on WJNO AM 12. Oh, yeah, my favorite station Doug young
Is doing a show that's what it is oh my god
Holy Toledo as Keith Isley would say holy Toledo
Yeah, it is shocking
Ha ha ha
Now that's an easy one okay what it's a tie well
Yeah, but anybody who can't talk up this time in a ring has got to be has got to probably know Joseph Gackie
I don't dislike anybody in the sports department. I like him all oh sure
Joseph good guy. I mean, he just a little uptight and surly, but he's a good guy
In spite of those horrible things he said about this show, but we do the same thing every day
They's Friday. He didn't mention what we do on Fridays
Okay, and then he can say he rips me every Friday. We'll make it like a ritual
And Hank is just Hank is you remember when he first came here and Steve was feuding with Hank and I said
I don't understand how anybody can feud with Hank because he's just a super guy. Yeah a super guy
He is, but he and Steve like it's not just for make believe it's for real. I hate each other hate
Yeah, you should have heard what Hank said about Steve
But when I was up at the track last Saturday. I can't repeat it on the air
But they hate each other. Yeah, and you should have heard what Steve said about Hank in here last Monday
But beside that well, that's good and maybe we could get a Hank with dusty roaches after
Then you'd see some serious
Fisticuffs, okay, then you'd see some serious pounding into the ground as they say
Okay, the Palm Beach lines are very mellow
They're just kind of hanging loose and we understand that we did very well in the book in Palm Beach
So we're feeling we're feeling our oats as they say
Um speaking of oats. We got Chinese food coming in hopefully very very soon
Okay, what is it now did we miss something? We only got like two we made the sun set no two
Whoo the John Levit show
Fowler show with Ken Druck today
Off with the secret men's he's Steve Kane show. Yeah, we read this already already read this cut it out
He said we made you know that Sharon he's an oh John provocateur no question about it
Well, listen, we got Henry Burrow. No, we got Gail not so bright. Wow. We got a little
Variety here today. Hi, so all you guys can get an early start
Gales got the 11 o'clock WIOD news with some news promos right inside no doubt and we'll come back at
11 o'clock without number two Steve with dusty roads not the wrestler but the baseball
Have to this afternoon
I'm not gonna say anything
With aim
It's 1117 at WIOD and this is a special request from Johnny dark
Wherever he is today
Got him
John
Holly Wally doodle all the day
God
They're paying us to do this
Okay, that's a great record. I'm sure glad I found it see on some of these oldies collections is where you'll find some really good stuff
See you won't find a CD of the new colony sixes hits
Because they didn't have any I mean need this one well. They had that
But I mean, I don't think they had any other ones that I can think of and I'd rather than have some pain in
He asks pseudo intellectual calling will look it up in the he said we had to go deeper things
I'd like to say
Was a bigger head reach number 16, but I don't I'm sure if I heard it. I'd remember it, but I don't it doesn't
Yeah, you would and I will always think about you only reach number 22 with six week on a chart
1168 see the reason I remember it is because 68 69 were the two years. I was in Kalamazoo
at WTPS, which is now
WBUK or some godforsaken country station
But that was great. I was the general manager the program director
I pulled an airship everything and I used to type the logs
Yeah, seriously do production to and every night we used to drive to Detroit to go to the track
So I was kind of busy
Not seriously. It was in a house and when I went there they were like up to their ears and dead and it was kind of like
PBR it didn't show in its own market in other words WLS out of Chicago used to beat them
In the book. Mm-hmm. Seriously. They sure know that was pulse in Palm Beach and then in the six months
We were number one in the market. Hmm fact. I remember when I came in and we started playing all this music
That a lot of these people never heard including a lot of Motown. They said oh that'll never fly here
We don't have about black people in Kalamazoo
Well first of all black people don't listen to Motown anyway. That's white people's black music, right?
That's why black people don't listen to Motown. I mean some of them do
If they live like in the upper rent district, you know, they want to try to pretend to be white people something like that
But black people have got their own music, right? They listen to like the dead milkman
And stuff like that
Anyway, it's 20 past 11 at WIOD. We have an open line in Boko, which is really a shocking
2789 463 278 WIOD
We're just kind of killing some time until I think we got to call Dave Johnson
Got you got a lot of calls there, but I think they can wait
Oh, let's see one
two
What was that?
I know idea wow couldn't hear it on the air
Anyway, it's 20 past 11
And the Hank Goldberg is going to sneak in on a cane show this afternoon and duke it out and dusty roads will save Steve from being pounded in the ground
They had to restrain Joe physically. Oh my god. I'm gonna put this. It's ringing
So she'll put it on the air
Because they might get apoplectic. Hi, is Dave Johnson around?
Dave is not around, but I can leave a message for him. Okay, tell him we're on the year by the way
This is Neil Rogers at WIOD in Miami
And Dave was kind enough yesterday. He called me with the after the draw was for the post positions for the Derby
And he left the number and so I thought I'd give him a call and maybe he'd call us back on the air, okay
When oh, anyway, we're on till two time anytime until two okay, give me your name again
Okay, Neil Rogers. Uh-huh. It's WIOD in Miami
Uh-uh
Right in fact, what I'll do is I'll put you on hold and then my
Board operator can give you our hotline number. So Dave you know if he's got time
It's not a big deal, but I just thought we'd chat for a couple of minutes about the Derby okay, hold on one second
I appreciate it. Okay, that's on the bat line give her the
Bat line number and maybe Dave can call us back
21 past 11 at WIOD
Well, we got all kinds of that we got several something's going on knowing
Pembroke pines hello hi Neil how you doing? I'm running over late on my clock. I have to set my long jeans with tabber clock
Polly Wally doodle all the day. Yeah, hey deal. I know you like a secure record. Do you have anything there?
By Jerry Lewis on the playboy
Oh, that's what we always like is a real comedian, you know, hey deal. I like to make a request
Very Madelow for Alice and have the Copa oh
That was nasty sir, but of course it does fit
It does fit Neil listen to that
I didn't do a thing. Just kind of like started by itself again
shocking
You got to admit you like Gary Lewis in the playboy. I do. Yeah, see I can tell you sound like the kind of guy who like Gary
The best show a South Florida radio bar none and is there any question about that? Oh, there's no such thing
So what does that tell you about the rest? Okay, this show is pathetic
No, it's okay in 25
Neil what? Oh, Neil you're not listening that well. Well, neither is anybody else
You have to say I mean you tinkled all over us and I was growing
You noticed when Tom Durkin called yesterday he was saying tinkle
I mean here's the public address announcer at the metal lands a legend in his own time and he's saying tinkal
No, he's great. He and Dave Johnson like I don't want to go into it again, but they're both so good
I'm in all of them. It's kind of awe inspiring
I was gonna call up and say Neil. This is your listener, but you know
But you know, but the thing you didn't right have been a real short song. We better give me the gong right yeah
Neil and 25 words or more. Let's have your callers call up and say why I like the Neil Rogers show is oh
God and that's the kind of thing that Steve would do okay. Oh, no, I don't do that kind of stuff
No, you need it. You need to see what happened call and say why they hate the cane show okay, which would kill four good hours
No, Neil I've listened my bell. Steve is you know, he's had some problems. You're insecure Neil
See Steve is a kind of guy now that we're on the same station and we get along fine
But I there's something about Steve and I think this is what Hank does to Steve is the kind of guy you enjoy
Ripping I don't know what it is, but they're just something about Steve. I don't know what it is
You know, you know, it is joy ripping him because he deserves it
You know what it is with Steve Neil the longer you look him you realize the man has a little or no time
That's that isn't true. He's got some talent there somewhere. I don't know where it is now come on
Let's see now you're being create all you you guys out there find a little opening or right away
You assume we're inviting you to rip one of our colleagues plan. Now what were you saying what?
I think it's time to rip one. Oh have a nice day sir. God. I mean that's getting really carried away
It's one thing to rip Steve because Steve can handle it
But when you rip somebody who just can't deal with it
It becomes hysterical and starts pacing the floor like the cubs were losing or something
Yeah, I actually got a good night's sleep last night
You know what because the game was early it was a daytime game it ended six 20-yard time and they won four nothing
And it was relatively painless and Balecki pitch went all the way so to speak and it was it was great
God it was good
No, that doesn't happen very often. I got my cubs cap on by the way
I feel like I got my check now so after we eat I can go home
Because they're playing tonight on the west coast. They're playing L.A. for three which means three consecutive losses
what
Hmm
Did you ever do the Zeta thing you were gonna do? Are you holding that back? Okay, that's coming up ladies and gentlemen
We're holding it back. We're waiting for the audience to build
They want you to go to your telephone directory right now call everyone you know from four eight assholes to
whatever
25 past 11 at W.I.D. The only open line on the board is in Palm Beach where we're just kicking kicking
Something yeah at six five five W.I.O.D. and we'll be right back
He's back and he's stalking a psycho who wants to make the Chicago Cubs penit contenders Clint Eastwood is dirty Harry
Carrie
Hi everybody. This is Harry Carrie with Steve stolen the
Country goodness beat out of them today Clint Eastwood gives a Hall of Fame performance as the legendary Cubs broadcaster
There's action the pitch
Strike it to he's through that
Suspense
If
It could be it is a
No
Romance all look at the
Tornado broad Steve
Only
Clint Eastwood is dirty Harry Carrie coming to a theater near you now the best part of it is this was almost
Re-enacted live yesterday and during the game they came back at the end of a half inning
Early and Harry didn't realize he was on yet and they had this shot of these two
Very voluptuous young ladies. This is in San Diego in their bathing suits and some young guy with him
And he says to Steve he says see that one on a left-steed that's my kind of woman
And he didn't realize he had no idea he was on here and then there was about a three second pause
Harry Carrie back at Jack
No idea that it was on it was great. Yeah, he almost came close to that. Yeah
Anyway, it's 1130 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 524 WIOD 524 9463 the Palm Beach line is also open
But we don't care because now we're now we're confident. Mm-hmm although now that I see this next call our confidence may
What is this?
Boy
Wally Wally due to law all the day
Are you coming in with Willie Nelson too to see uh?
What's that who's that dusty road?
Susty dusty rules on the big Steve came sure
I can imagine it to imagine
Anyway, Stan says hi and thanks so much for not calling him. Oh, is that what he said? No, I just made that up
I'm sure you did because of course we're still very good buddies. Oh, yeah
And you know life goes on of course. How about DJ DJ don't come around since you can't get any more free meals I understand anyway
Yeah, listen I tried to call you the other day. I've had a very rough week and
I was trying to get through to you from a yeehaw junction and I thought the bird could relate to that
I had a problem. He's from Lakeland so he's seen a lot of yeehaw's in his time. Yeah, it should be Yahoo!
By the way if anybody been on a turnpike lately outside of the immediate area
I mean I know they increased the toll here a little bit
But when you go upstate like when you go to Orlando it used to be four somewhere that's like
755 now to go they've like almost doubled the rates on the turnpike
I can say I didn't have to pay anything because I had my vehicle my brand new vehicle
Toad all the way from yeehaw's junction down to the dealer that I bought the vehicle from
Why the strangest story ever told it was only a $440 telling bill. You have had a roughly
We brought it right to the to the showroom door and
Set it there for a little while that everybody take a look at it and it was real interesting good
And I didn't make a mistake, you know, I want to be patriotic and oh that's what I figured stay with the
Now you can't American vehicle and
It might not be as bad
Everyone says it is
It is though, you know, I listen to you all the way down from
Mickey land and
I was up there on a little business. I visited MGM studios
I don't want to hear about it because I got preempted from that. I had a freebie there last weekend
But you know, I was department here at some other ideas. What is the story?
They sent Uncle Mike up there to do the show, right? No, I'm not talking about the show
But I had like a weekend and the hotel and everything and they just they keep setting up all these remotes every I don't mind doing the
Remotes I enjoy it, but I'd like to do it at a time that's convenient
Of course for me. I know that's shocking, but that would be nice
Uh, and then Lynn and fried ass. What can I hear the how does person for dates on every most there's only two dates out of the whole year
Other than my vacation that I you know didn't want to do one and that's when she gets it, you know
Well, you know so to speak when you're when you're
A peon, you know, it really doesn't matter. I was right. Show so much weekend. Yeah, you know
Bird I went I happened to go through I had to go over to Tampa and St. Pete and I had to go through
Blakeland. Yes, on the way over to Orlando and yes, I saw the billboard
Lakeland home of the bird and
Was it a bitter pill to swallow each other? I got a nice
I went by you know, not actually a billboard. It's kind of like
Well, it's somebody holding the sign
Holly-Wolly doodle all the day
Exactly. Hey could have been your mother or something. I don't know
I doubt that
I was up at MGM
I was discussing possibly a remake of one of my dad's movies again
starring you and they want to possibly do GI blues
I'm on the verge of dropping a whole bunch of carts here. So if you
Don't take it personally, you know, I'm saying I won't I won't listen. It sure has been a lot of fun
I haven't got any idea of anything that you said, but it sure as usual is pretty cool
Did you happen to see more poopy? No, I don't watch morey poopy
They had something on it. They under his show Tuesday night. I was watching the hotel room and I was
At the last part of the show, you know, he usually goes out with well these cute little teasers or whatever
They had a female impersonator of my daddy
Now it struck me oiled viral and it really did look like him
And I don't know what this woman is proud about but it really did look like him right near the way
Well, I see your blow in the story this supposed to be a big secret
But after the operation is when and he disappeared, you know, I was wondering about it. It's a little bit too embarrassing
I was gonna ask you could it be that he's coming out of the closet now after the after the big one
There is an all-zone provocateur. I a
Listen, have a wonderful life
And it sure is really really something here in your voice again
What the hell was that?
Wasn't that a little bit loose?
Those little drumpies. Oh, there's little tick there in the beginning
Oh, this is for the guy who's so excited because he heard the pet news gun on any of the other day
Yeah, but we don't have time to play it
1153 at W.O.D. Dale Murphy got a hit for the Braves yesterday
That's the big news. Dale's now heading probably about 205 or he's
Struggling the struggling lady wants to call up how you doing? Oh, what's your name? There's April. Mm-hmm
What does that mean?
Shirt off that I like so much. You had this great shirt on this one. I don't start encouraging him. Okay. That's all we need
The food will be here at one best of cane on Sunday. Look at it. It's a slimy lawyer milterge
That's a terrible and segment two inside Christian science and other one of those
pseudo religious shows and of all the best of nil it says the day after stand fills in on a cane show. Oh
What was that? I don't know. I'm sure this is good comment
And of course we'll be out at Boats our restaurant from noon to three while that's on the air so that'll be really exciting
Okay, and we got all pizza lots bringing food tomorrow. We have those Longines with tan verwasha
and
bathing beauties
Yeah, and maybe even Peter from you of emulsion
Do you realize that the universities are out? No, yeah, no, are they out already? Yeah
These kids today they're out already the first week in May
God and like bcc is finished and all those basket weaving courses over there and the windsurfing and heavy-duty stuff like that and
The schools are basically out. I mean college. Yeah college. What are they and that didn't they just get back from spring break?
Didn't they there was just maniacs Hollywood. Hello
The meds
You can say that again pal
Miami hello
Nail yeah, hey good afternoon. How you doing? Okay. How you doing? Just great. How was still morning? Yeah, I never realized calling here could be such
Determine to your health. I got the tire to wait and I just super glue the phone to my ear
Well, I'll be glad to put you back on hold
Curious I have a question. I'm almost afraid to hear the answer to that's not that song that you play occasionally
I want to die in Florida. Mm-hmm
Is that for is that for real?
Is that a is that a real type that somebody tried to market? No
Now that's a it's just a bit. It's something and you know who gave it to me now. I had no idea
Haha John levit
Ah years ago. Yeah, he uh, that's fashion. He wrote it
And of course, I can't think of anybody better suited to write it now that's a perfect bit
But it's recorded so well. It sounds like something. I mean it's recorded so poorly to sound like something real well
I was done in somebody's basement
John used to hang around a lot in basements. I thought I heard a toilet flush in the background. Mm-hmm
I get a little flush every time I hear it. Uh, yeah
Um
In fact, we're getting our call from flushing in the next hours that all kind of fits together that flushing matters or flushing just just plain flushing
Just plain flushing going down the tubes again
Uh, let me just call my girlfriend Mia a douchebag Mia Mia or Mia
Mia as an MIA like
Well, Mia for Miami. Mia. Yeah, oh she's listening. Okay, and uh the final question is does by the way your girlfriend had a little message for you
Is uh, huh?
Polly Wally doodle all the day. I was that was gonna be my closing question does Polly want to doodle all day?
Well, only she knows I guess you'll have to ask it's been a piece of work. Thank you very much
Here yourself sir. Well, he really went through the raindrops and I know that I don't think his life will ever quite be the same again
Yeah
By the way, we saw those pbr numbers and I think this song fits in
In the van
I
Deon should have been a canter
Really in a synagogue kind of like trice
You know what I mean there's some singers who would have been ingrated that
Like um chris cross
It's 1157 a w. I'd of course a guy with the name like cross. I might not work out Miami. Hello. I
Needle yeah, I bird. How you doing great? Can't you hear Chris crossing in hotickva?
Go ahead. Yeah, I got a problem
Maybe you could help me by the way, Mike. Well, like I said it was his first complete game
I was I get carried away from that game was first shut out in the majors his third complete king go ahead
Me. Are you listening? Yes, I've got a big problem sir
You don't understand I'm much more concerned about the cubs than I am about your idiotic call but go ahead all right now listen
What people tell me a real boring? You know what?
They're right
1158 at w. I. O. D. Our Chinese feast will be here at one according to the message on the
Old thing here in
New people and after the new news we're gonna give our zeta story whatever was yes
We are Johnny Depp and dirty dancing's Jennifer Gray have broken off their eighth month engagement
One friend said it may have fizzled because he spends most of his time in Dan Cooper shooting 21 jump street and she lives in Hollywood
One let you know
Keep your advice
Whoa yeah, well last time I do this you said it uh you got it this time now you got it you got it
There's no way to do that one because there's like a I don't know it's hard to explain unless you understand talk up 102
Unless you've had some real intensive training and you just don't understand it yeah
Yeah, yeah, most of you folks out there don't understand anything we talk about anyway, which is why the show's so successful
It's true
So well, that's gonna do it for this hour for the big 11 to 12 hour
We just kind of kicked it right in the pants. We have one open line indeed 751 w. I. O. D
7519463 all you really desperate
Uh
pathetic guys out there in the audience who turn on the radio to get excitement April worth him is standing by with it
I'm not saying that you got to be desperate listen to April because she's a wonderful human being
But I mean I think you'd have some kind of a life wouldn't you?
And we'll be back at 1205 Steve with dusty roads at two
I'm a cup fan
I know bud man
Can I trust you are true? Okay, so if I just wear the cap in the t-shirt
I don't say anything about it will that be all right? That'd be better. Okay. That would help
I'm then saying I'm gonna do that but it just to pacify you
Would that be all right? It's Friday now come on. Come on. All right. We won't talk about the cups
We got every line lit on the board when we feel like it will take another call now
You're gonna do your Zeta your star is this gonna be a rip yeah, it's gonna be a shot. Yes good
vicious good brutal
It's not gonna be you're not gonna be like calling Irene Richards a douchebag or something like that because she's not on Zeta
Right, but she still is a bitch. Oh
Not a
See these guys that worked at the other
All these stations in the market they carry these grudges and they just look on and on not like me
I love all those oh yeah, right like Tim Williams
I don't say anything bad about him because he's got young kids
I have no idea what that means but the first day
He calls up bill wise and says please don't let them rip me on here have young children. What the hell is that mean?
Can't you be a douchebag and have young kids?
Like I said yesterday don't blame the kids for his incompetence, right?
Kids don't program that station
Okay, go ahead. I'm sorry. I get carried away. I have never told this story
We told a lot of stories about what they did to us over at Zeta
I never told this one story and I would like to tell the entire world this story really
Well, we were shocked we were at Zeta 4
Uh in the spring of 1988
We were the number one morning show in South Florida every really category. Huh every category
The show was sold out. We accounted for 30% of their revenue. According to them. I would say probably 50%
At two radio stations they even admit we accounted for 30% of the revenue the show was sold out
We had big expensive national accounts
We were just we were incredible. You mean sponsored somebody was really paying for?
On Zeta that was unique. You mean it wasn't the ad team for like 15 bucks a pop
Come on, so um
I understand they got a new gimmick over there selling dollar a holiday they're bringing that back. Go ahead
Anyway, do you remember those little microphones that they used to have what do they call those remember years ago
They had those little white microphones many many years ago
No, seriously what the hell did they call those the white mic I think they called it and that was like like
50 cents of spot or something they would take up the whole station and just saturate it with spots
I don't know okay for that
Go ahead. Sorry. Well, it's before your time anyway. I um
I felt that I was underpaid for the uh
Job that we were doing what job were you doing?
What was your job description would you like to tell us what it was I did the news
You did and yeah, the news when you used to butcher all those words stuff. I it left
I was the mortar between the bricks
Over there at Zeta I was the mortar between the story okay the story was that right away
I'm eating on the ear. This is bad radio
I shouldn't be doing this not because we got some hot shots in here from Atlanta my
Job description was morning news. That's how it was described officially
Now the last two guys that we're in there you are getting so carried away with yourself
It's just since they wrote that thing in Metro magazine and hasn't been the same you ask nobody reads Metro magazine
I never mentioned met nobody ever heard of Metro magazine
So do you started talking about it go ahead
So anyway, Mike
The last two guys that were in the position of only you're doing this story for Disney because you said he was a douchebrain
There's a moronny at the brains of a pig me the last two guys in this position were
Ace Young as a matter of fact who oh yeah, I think we're gonna have some stuff on him and who was that idiot that
We threw out that was in that position when we went over to Zeta there was some what was his name
That guy who in what position Lawrence wanted to throw in you to do your news and you said absolutely no way and they kicked them out and
He's doing tennis now. What was that guy's name?
Jeff Chase chase okay
Now these were the last two guys to tell him a story and I got to give all the name
They were paid X number of dollars
That's not what they paid me they paid me so far under what they paid these last two guys. You mean this is the story?
No, oh who got
These guys got like one ratings and we were number one okay
But the story does have to do with money
I just want to tell you that at this radio station we had a five five
Mid and this is not an anti-Chef Ganger story. This is an anti-management story, you know
Sharon just wrote on the screen here the bird is being ponderous
This is the longest preface even in Warren peace. They didn't have a preface like this. It isn't a preface
The longest build-up. It better be Dan Good now. Oh god. So you were underpaid
Oh, I appreciate it. It is they didn't speak to you. They hated this. Yeah, they hated all of us
So I would go into it. We got it made now because even Phil Coston speaks to us now
It only took six months, but now he's speaking to us. So we're really doing it now since the book came out
You notice only since the book came out
So
Well, it's just that I felt very unappreciated very underpaid now used to yell that's the story. No, no, no
No, gee the story is
That Jeff guns or who was on who is still on midday and had ones
The ratings in the nine o'clock hour used to go from the high fours to the ten o'clock hour to the high ones
This man had no spots on his show. It was a vast wasteland
It was nothing had ratings in the one he was nothing
He's an all-john provocateur exactly and they paid the story is they paid this man Jeff guns are
Double
What they paid me that's what I want this this story. That's what I want the whole world to know. Oh
Gee, well, Holly Wally doodle all the day
I want the whole world to know that because it used to cross my ass every day
Oh, it's not like we're late for lunch. Disney's are getting hysterical for lunch because that's what he does best
Is it those executive launches he does it like nobody exactly well a little bit of that to Henry's probably waiting over there with a little
Something to wash it down. We wanted to hear that story. Okay. Nice seeing you and stay out of trouble
They both want to hear that story. Okay, listen
It's 11 past noon. I apologize for this
No, he is all thunder all of
I want everybody to know
I from Atlanta the new big guy
Whatever his name is Pupik and he's standing here waiting for something to tell them in front of management
Yeah, they can relate to that because he told me boy
We're really you're bleeding us with this
We don't mind paying you but this bird brain in there
I'll never forget when Gilbertson and just went on and on and on with that memo about
He doesn't need some cackle you know there. Oh, geez
We could tell stories about that place forever. I just wanted to tell him
I think yesterday's memo that somebody intercepted somewhere. I think that spoke for itself. I couldn't do that
Okay, we have an open line in day 7519463. We'll get to those calls and I really again apologize
Profusely don't apologize. Are you nuts? I wanted him to know okay?
You just say
Gonzer who's a no talent nice guy, but with no talent no audience was making more money than I was
I wanted him to know how much more ragged out and make a big long
It's out of it. A lot of people listening didn't listen to us
In fact, the body is knew that you were getting paid to do this. They'd probably really be laughing. Okay, they'd go nuts
I wanted that out. I do apologize for taking up a few minutes. Okay, well, they do the law all the day
But I wanted that out thanks for the patience. We do have a break to do
I'm sorry that we don't have time to continue
I think the audience for their patience very much today. I do that very nice of you. Thank you ladies and gentlemen
I'll never tell it again. Please. Is that a promise? Is that a plate? I wanted it out. Okay. I wanted it in public
I did
Leave me alone. Are you through? Oh, do you're a little break and yeah
It's 1213 at W.I.O.D. We'll be right back
I think this kind of fits in with that story
Oh, yeah, you finally got through with that laundry story. This is what everybody turns
Well, again, I want to thank the audience for their
stream patience
I'm glad I turned the Yashade of fam
Anyway, this guy was standing up against the wall here and I said who are you and he said I'm my candidate
And I said boy, you sure fit the role now. He's a good guy. What's this guy? They might go public from Atlanta?
I don't know. I said got another Irishman man. They hire all Irishmen in this company. I don't want to start a thing
It's 1218 at W.I.O.D. and let's go to Davy. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah
Um, I just called to say that nobody goes to the races with I go with you Sunday. What?
Are you going to the races Sunday? No
Not going to the racetrack. No. I thought I heard you. Well, I'm way changed our minds. Okay. That's okay
Next time. Okay. If the bird doesn't go with you. Thanks so much
I can be whistling
Is about as much chance am I going to the track with her if there is am I going out then hunting for Bella Lagos
Plantation. Okay. We have an open line in Broward why to for W.I.O.D.
Lunch will be here in about 45 minutes and boy we're going to be starving by that. Yeah. God.
Manly. I don't appreciate it, but wow. One o'clock is pretty stinkin late. You know what?
A caller wants to know what CD are you am I using like they're all on one CD?
Well first of all a one with a watershed of pale and Leila that's the GTR Classics 97 GTR Classics volume one
You know this harp domestically are like there's going to be a volume too
And another is some good stuff on here Leila give me some love from by Spencer Davis magic carpet ride
You're into the center of the mind and boy dukes all right now by free medley of their hit
Rambling man. Oh gee. I love that. Do you? Is that the station that hermen in McVeena road?
Well you know
Now the reason that I like this song is
I know why well I was in the exorcist and it was the scene where the priest the young priest and the old priest were sitting in the bar with Henry Burrow
And the young priest was saying he was losing his faith and Henry said shut up and keep drinking
It was shocking
20 past no to w ID something wrong in the building though because today everybody is so friendly
If you notice that it gets yeah, there's something I don't know
It's called sucking around a little bit too much. Okay, they are because Gail Bright said to me
She said boy your show is so great. We always have it on we always listen in the newsroom
Which I mean Gail's very nice. They're all nice in the newsroom. Okay. Is Andy gone by the way?
They can vacation
What was that all about that Roger was feeding us that crap about how Andy was leaving or something?
He's not going anywhere is he he is I didn't hear that
Okay, here comes the message now see when we do these long pauses
Andy will be yeah, he's going someone gone
Soon. Yeah, well like what you mean voluntarily
Yeah, he's leaving us voluntarily
Bigger and better not voluntarily
Oh God
Oh, oh, oh, oh, he's not leaving us
Loss Roger now wait a minute. What what is the story?
Rodgers. Oh God. I guess I shouldn't have said anything about this right time for Roger
Man, it came every for it. Is this a secret? He doesn't know he's gonna be gone?
Oh, he's being I said squeezed out
Why he is a good guy is a great guy not a good guy. He's a great guy
And we want Andy here now, okay get rid of some of these other
Suda would like to will do so that you're right here. They don't do anything. Okay, they can't even describe their job description
They want a higher one and anchor
I think they ought to tie an anchor to the whole building and take it out into the bay here for a while and clean it out
That's what they ought to do. That's true. And he's a great guy. They do want and he's getting squeezed out and we're pretty pissed off about it
Okay, so call up every single day and just go nuts and say we want Andy
Anyway, right Sharon agrees too
Andy's one of the they're like four or five same people in a whole building and he's one of them. That's true
Right Sharon another one although she has her moments because she has to see Steve every day
She knows pretty well. Yeah, she hangs in there. Mm-hmm, but boy there and where's where's Peter from U of M? What?
He's got out out
Yeah, that's because he looked too good to be in this building
22 past noon at WIOD West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey. Yeah, I just want to say that uh
Bird you have to respect for
Holding up Neil show exactly
Okay, you hear me? What do you think? I just says you know you sat on the phone on the air. Wait a minute
This boom boom says you sat on the phone
I'm sorry on the airway. I tell you what sir, you know when you have your own show. Are you Charlie now? You won't have to
Yeah, when you have your own show sir, you'll have to put up with this. Okay. Would that make you feel better? No
How do you do is to laugh?
Not to sit there and waste 15 minutes of Neil Rogers program
Okay
Say it again, sir
Okay, and that's it
Do you really okay and waste our precious time right? Okay, these very few moments that we have together each day
What you have to say was that douchebag gets paid double that you get and it is over
What did you do?
You're all get out
The phone on me because it was so bright
He's trying to hang up
Shut my mic off. I'm not gonna let him do it sir. Get out of my board there now sit down
I can reach the hung up on you sir. He actually got out of the chair and came over here
I can't read fear what I don't see taking up valuable airtime now
He's interfering with the technical operation of the show. I think this calls for a two-minute suspension and
30 seconds without pay
Okay, we got an open line in Broward where that in Palm Beach rather where that idiot just hung up six five five WIOD six five five
nine four six three by the way, here's a song for Alice
I hear Alice got a two-two
Oh
Yeah, I'm not talking about it in the book. I'm talking about the kind you wear
Sorry, I miss that show yesterday. I totally forgot about
What was it about?
Who's swim up?
Reports on it. I wonder what is that tell you
Well anyway, Alice
I have nothing to do
Yeah, you wear it well. You wear it well. It's so we can't we can't wait to get to the punchline because you killed so much time with that boring story
1225 at WIOD on a wonderful Friday. God. This is a great day, isn't it?
Everybody is so and filled cost and was smiling and laughing in the hall and
Oh, you never guess who was really tinkling all over downstairs when Denimberg with
You know time just can't control himself
Lynn Fridays came down here and she was going on and on about how much billing she's got off the show
She's making a fortune and and I slapped her real hard a couple of times and she smiled anyway
And I thought boy there's something really strange going on here
Really strange
They are sucking around big time in this joint. Yeah, I guess they must have seen those Palm Beach numbers
Okay, we got a mobile in Palm Beach, but we got a spot to do. What are we gonna do here, sir? Man
Well, I just wanted to call and say I'm I'm upset. I really am. Oh
About bird taking up
10 minutes we have a break dear. Don't we? Well, we're gonna postpone it, huh?
Bad connection I think I can't hear a thing the guy saying
You're all that static
We're late for a break. I'm sorry boy. You lucked out there
Ha
Want to complain about it at least have a phone at work. So okay, that would be a good start
We got some energy and shells wants to make you crabby this weekend the boats are in in fact people are jumping off it and winning the Florida lottery
And the boats are in from the first major harvest of Alaskan snow crab and the catch was one of the best in recent history
And shells serves Alaskan snow crab clusters so that you can enjoy the meaty crab shoulders
I love those shoulders not split legs that have been broken off the crab and lost their natural flavor
But large clusters chock full of sweet juicy crab meat
Shells is serving pound and a half orders of Alaskan snow crab clusters steaming hot to your table for only
$8.95 I'll tell you one thing it shells. There's so much food that's served steaming hot that some days you go in here. It looks like the
What's that place where the lock nest monster hangs out? It looks like London on a bad day
Okay, because it's so foggy, but the food is great humongous portions and of course incredibly low
Docside prices at all five shells in South Florida. So make it a shells weekend this weekend right have a real shell
Abration at any of the five South Florida locations including the one in Oakland Park just a quarter mile west of US one on Oakland Park Boulevard
Can you tell us what CD this is that you're playing all this music? I found where very curious
I
Mean if it was one CD we're playing all the stuff all over it would have to be the size of Mount Everest have to be the size of Arlene Ross's butt
I did not see anything in that intercepted memo of ours about Arlene Ross by the way, did you?
Do you know it got so bad over there that it got to the point they didn't want us to mention Arlene Ross on the year?
That's a true stirring
Because they thought she would sue the company for sex discrimination for like I mean with some good no matter what we talked about
Oh, you can't talk about that don't talk about this and don't the algae or whatever you don't mention this
True at least when Gary Lawrence was there he enjoyed it
Yeah, he reveled in us ripping him okay, mm-hmm and talking about him pulling into the parking lot and what time it was no
I stick we used to do with it he didn't speak to us for a couple months because he knew he was getting canned
But at least he had somewhat of a good time with that we ripped him unmercifully. Yeah, I believe
And he deserves yeah, I believe a good guy. I have no I have a good guy and I think most everything
But he is a good guy. Yeah, but
Compared to you know who compared to Tim Williams. He was like Albert Einstein true. No, that's a true statement and that is saying a lot
That is shocking. Yes
And I kept telling people and they said oh no, oh no, we're gonna we've turned the corner now. We're just really doing it
Little did they know that when they opened their eyes they'd be on I
95
What is that starting by the way about a week?
It's 1231 at WIOD for Lauderdale. Hello
Okay, nice talkative. I have a good weekend. Boca. Hello
See this say this makes up all that time I took I can't believe that just because we had about eight or nine minute interval here
Is that a pines? Hello a voice. Hello a voice
Hello, yes
Hi
Let me say it again. Hi. Hey listen. Yes. I'm calling from century village
Mm-hmm, and I want you to know that we like you no really come on even though you know
You think we're kind of old I never said that I don't know all the people who live over there
You might actually have a few people under 90. I don't know what we do. Well, that's good
But I want you to know that we love you here some of us anyway
And one more thing I bet you talk about this show in a whisper though, don't you?
Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think we caught you
You don't just like walk around in the halls. There's a little that's your Roger show when they they might come after you know
I just want to say something for cloud. They might breath on your doorway or something
I want to say something profound. Mm-hmm. Where's the beef?
That's it
Well, let me say something profound to you. Okay. Yeah, I go holly-wolly doodle-all with it
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha have a nice weekend and happy shivuahs. Thank you, oh, okay
1233 at WIOD. Where's the beef the last one that said that was Mondale and look what happened to him
That boy come a year's ago that one five it seems like only yesterday
Yeah, that the Walter was winning Minnesota
Clara Peller comes to mind. Mm-hmm. It's interesting. Where's the meat? We still remember Clara Peller
She died by the way, yes, I think she ate too many of them. Yes
27-1 at WID. Actually, Clara Peller was only about 27, but if he eat enough in that one
joint man, it'll do it. Anyway, speaking of excitement a week from Sunday, boy, it's
like creeping up on it. I'm going to have to do something for my reason.
That's correct. Boy, that just dawned on me. Wow. I guess I'm going to have to go
by my mother-a-watch at Jules by us. Out you watch, I'll get a call.
Now, don't, whatever you do. I've had this watch for a hundred years.
Anyway, if your mother isn't kvechi like mine is, and she really, my mother is wonderful,
but it's just that she's, you know, precuter. But you'll find a tremendous selection of great,
great gift ideas for mom at Jules by us. In fact, they may custom a jewelry. So if you want
to put together something really unique and clever, like a little bracelet that says kvech,
or something like that, they'll be happy to do it. They have a huge selection of gold
charms, chains, tennis bracelets, rings, and of course, beautiful saco watches, and listen
to this special for Mother's Day. Ladies and men, saco watches were 250 bucks. Now,
sale price just in time for Mother's Day at Jules by us just 125 bucks. That's 50% off,
and they come with a lifetime battery guarantee for the life of the watch because saco's last
the lifetime. So when your battery runs out, I'm not talking about the one in your pacemaker,
the one in the watch, just take it back to Jules by us and they'll give you a brand new battery,
absolutely free. Another great gift idea would be that saco Mickey Mouse clock, which I just love.
It drives the dogs crazy. Little one barks and screams and tries to tear Mickey's head off. It's
tremendous. So check out all the great gift ideas in the limited edition line by saco as well.
A Jules by us in the extra shopping center at County Line Road in 441. They're open Monday through
Saturday 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Fridays, including tonight late till 8 p.m. Find the perfect Mother's Day gift
this year at Jules by us. The one who got you those 18 to 34 numbers at time. No, that was a boy
Gary. Oh, I thought it was Andy. Well, boy, Gary didn't know, but he's leaving too. No, that's
just a little joke. He's all right. Well, I really, I want to. Comedienne, Shelley Brick.
I really want to stick up for Glenn Neil. Thank you. Wait a minute. We have a little update here.
Steve 4 to 6 p.m. Oh, no. Oh, come on. Don't do it. Steve, don't. Let's take a poll and see if we
can't for who's ideal was this? Oh, no. No, come on. Don't do it. Steve, trust me. It's a Friday.
People on a Friday afternoon are driving home from work. Didn't he see how those numbers go down
between four and six and those last two hours? You don't want heavy duty between four and six.
They want to laugh. They want to puke. They want to get done. Reaction to the Oliver North verdict
from four to six with John Larson Nudnik or should lick. Should lick. What is that?
What is that? Careful. Good lick. Conservative hardliner and Lynn Auerbach, who wants a retroactive
impeachment of Reagan. Oh, geez. Such a chaseraio. Can't you talk him out of it? Talk some sense into that.
Come on. Dusty roads for four hours. Look, I don't like wrestling but there are a lot of pinheads out there who do.
That's already demographic. They don't care about Ali North anymore.
No, forget about Ali North. Nobody cares. He's like yesterday's garbage. Okay, nobody cares about him anymore.
Look at that. We got a thing from Donna in a mail again. Didn't we just talk about here earlier?
Yes. Now, come on. Call him up now. I'm sorry. I don't want to interfere with this show but then
Hank is doing sports talk tonight. If he does this, Hank will rip him for an hour and a half.
Okay. What do you want me to read then? John should lick.
Oh, God. Nudnik, I think we were right the first time. Now, don't do it, Sharon. Call him up now.
Go ahead. I'm sorry. It's okay. It's your show. I know it and you're so chronic anyway that they don't like it.
I haven't been lately. Yeah. That's easy for you to say. You're all right. You're okay. You just
carry it away. I just want to stick up for Glenn. Like I said, he never asks for anything. He always
supports you. He always laughs. What is this like sympathy thing here? He does just fine. Okay. He's
laughing all the way to the bank. Okay. He's making more money than God for doing almost nothing.
He's having a wonderful time. Well, couldn't he like take five minutes? He works like three weeks
a year when I go on vacation the rest of the time he comes in to eat lunch, which is fine. Oh,
that's what I wanted. I don't do much either. So, don't worry about it. That you know that lady who calls
and says to my greenery, could she come in and butter his mackerel? Yeah. Well, when you're on
vacation, I'm opening the mail. That's the noise by the way. So, don't anybody panic.
When you're on vacation, if I could come in and sit in with Glenn. No, no, you can't come in.
But like with Glenn, okay. He'd up his courage. Okay. You ought to call John should lick.
But I could heat up his curry pop and stuff his tortillas.
Now, you've been here before, haven't you? No, just that one day to pick up the ticket.
Oh, look at this. Here's a letter from Dot in Key Largo. Thanks a lot, Dot.
Nice letter. I really appreciate your, I'm not paying any attention to what you said. What you said.
Neil, did you know Kevin Elster got kicked out of the game last night? Did he? Yeah. Wow.
You went out. He was already out. He went back to the dock out. Now,
after the last guy got struck out, he went and argued with the umpire. He got kicked out.
And then David Johnson got kicked out. Well, I'll tell you what, what was that?
A little short there in the mic, or I think. Give this to the bird.
I don't understand this. This is a thing to make. And he said, oh, look at this.
Oh my God. Not completely. You're feeling bad for him. Yeah. When he sees what I just opened
up in the mail. You know how on your plane ticket, there's a little thing that you tear off on the
end that you keep the boarding pass. Right. I want you. This is from Atlanta to Washington
National. The date is April 22nd. I want you to look at the name on that ticket.
Holy God. Oh my. Yes. Phoebe. Yes. I swear to God. A boarding pass. Yeah.
Feebe. Oh my God. Oh, this will go so great in the shrine. I have it home.
Wow. Isn't it right into the shrine? Yeah. You can put that right next to the river Phoenix
post. Okay. Listen. Have a wonderful day. We'll talk to you like what day is it today?
How about Monday? Yeah. Like I said, we'll talk about a weekend. We're still
here. So okay. See you. Perfect time to call. Oh God. 1244 WID. Before we open Donna's
in temperate car. Donna's been really on her best behavior lately. I think this person has
really thanks to the person who sent him the Phoebe Kate's thing. Oh yeah. I know.
I'm obsessed. He's already licking it and doing this. Disgusting things with it. In fact,
the word is saying something about John should like. We're in God's thing. Did they get this?
Okay. Donna is one of the few people who gets musical accompaniment when we open up her man.
It's another card. Oh my God. This one goes on and on and on and on.
And that's beyond obsession. Wow. Where are you getting your stupid info? I was unhold on
Palm Beach line for seven minutes. During that time, a female called named Trixi or Dixi,
you hung up saying that was Madamax. You used to call it up. I didn't remember any Madamax.
And then you took my call and obviously thought I was that other caller. Rodger put me on hold.
I'm now sorry. I didn't help tell him I was Donna. Then you'd realize I couldn't be on two lines
at the same time. I've never called it using any voice. Oh, and on and on and on and on and on and on and on.
I didn't bother to go to there's the Chinese food. I didn't bother to go to Toyota's because your new
callers sounded like idiots with little to say just like you and Glenn. Don't flatter your huge
ego to think I'm listening. I'm busy and bored with your show. Yeah. You know, this broad has got
such problems. I mean, didn't I have an I always said like one day we'll go along with her like two
weeks and get all these she'd tickling and just and then all of a sudden if some little thing happens
right away we're idiots and she didn't listen to the show and we're doing bad. And then like on
Monday we'll get a card. She loves us. Boy, Donna, you are serious, serious. You know what I mean?
Sirius. Boy, she is not a well-chaun. All right, I'm going to do our little message here for Toyota
of Hollywood after opening this next thing here. Wait a minute. This looks like another intercepted memo.
Wait a minute. I think so. Oh, look at that. It's not. It's a letter from one of our listeners from
Janet. I won't mention her last name. She says, send Boy Geary. You know, telling him it was obvious
you knew nothing about your show eating on the air. And that if you wanted to help you, hey, by the way,
there's Craig Worthing. I'm not supposed to say you're here. Okay, Craig Worthing got here. Look
at that. He's wearing his red socks cap and I'm wearing my Cubs cap. And by the way, we're only a half
came out. How the red socks do it? Are they in there? That division by the way. Is we come on in here
now? Come on Craig. You're not coming in? Why not? Get W-I-O-D. Is that time? Yeah, it's that time again.
Okay. Boy, you got Phoebe Kate's airplane ticket stub down. And Dave Johnson called in and do a
special call of a race. Oh, God. This has been more than I can. And then we had that guy Mike
Puppy from Atlanta, the new, uh, head she that is named Mike Puppy. Yeah. Uh-huh. God. Oh, yeah,
the new Nick Tregoni. Yeah. Junior. Mani. How you doing, Neil? Okay. How's everything? Great. All right. Um,
you still have the sports section there from the hell? Let's go to uh, Pompano. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing? Good. I'm going to see Steve Tornig double-vergeist.
Okay. Hello. Well, these are people that got caught in the lightning round and they realize you
know. Hello. Yeah. I was just wondering, does anybody have a brother named Wheel?
Dave County. Hello. We love you, boy. Plus you, asshole.
Oh, God. Pompade. Hello. You're such a bitter pill.
I recognize that, boys. Yeah. We don't want to be number one. We'd be happy
to be number three. They didn't realize being number 23 is not where it's at. Broward. Hello.
Oh, my God. You've got to send us the tape on that. What the hell is that? Everybody loves
Steve Stone. No, everybody must get stuff. No, that said, every, it was a parody.
Everybody loves Steve Stone. No, it's just like Dylan. Boy, you are so slow.
I sound just like him. Everybody loves Steve Stone. Well, see, I'm just not into that.
Except for Grace. Yeah, see, I'm not into that here. Dave, that's Steve would say.
Dave County. Hello. Pictures? Yeah, somebody's taking snapshots.
Bokeh. Hello. Is this a mic, Disney, sir?
Broward County. Hello. Oh, you're blotching over here.
Duck.
Get back to work. Oh, God. This is a good one.
Good one. Dave County. Hello. Can the bird tell us another story?
Yeah, briefly. Broward. Hello.
County. You did too. It only fits.
Lot of Sally Fitz material during the lightning run. Have you ever said?
Every day. Real quick, too. Dave County. Hello.
And the roof and then go go go. Do spags.
Palm Beach County. Hello. Uh-huh.
Well, I like that. Even in spite of those numbers, he's still got a good sense of humor.
Broward County. Hello. Dead.
Dead. County. Hello.
Carlos. Yeah. I think Carlos is an O'Shaun provocateur myself.
Palm Beach. Hello. By the way, speaking of Carlos,
have you noticed who's been conspicuous by his absence?
I'm not complaining, by the way.
But since I talked about his brief police detective career,
and about that very strange story that he told me, and I don't know, that Joe with six ends,
there's something very bizarre. But we haven't heard one word from him.
You notice how he's been? Broward. Hello.
Longing with him.
Only a WIOD, sir. Dave County. Hello.
And Eli was over there to Yoda on Saturday.
Yeah, forgot to ask. I'm big as you're right.
Broward County. Hello. We don't talk fishing until tomorrow, sir. Hello.
Palm Beach. Can this be happening during me? Where's your what? Oh, Sharon.
Sharon's got your copy for that. Yeah. Dave County. Hello.
Her one shift.
Her one shift.
Palm Beach. Hello. Oh, they're just apoplectic today. Broward,
while it's the end of a busy week. Hello.
Yeah, I'm saying I need you blue to you.
Yeah. Dave County. Hello.
Was that spigot or freeway? I kind of get the talking views. Dave County. Hello.
Hi again. Hi. Hi. Hi. This is your friend, Ron.
Hi. Ron. Yeah. It sounded more like joy to me.
Palm Beach.
Wow.
A Broward County. Hello.
After you. Good.
That was James Brown Jr. I'd recognize that voice anywhere.
Volca. Hello. Leo Badger. Ocean Park. College.
Dave County. Hello.
Leo Deesbad.
Very creative. Pal. Dave County. Hello.
Broward. Hello.
I need ninety-three.
Oh, preview here for you.
Little preview of what you'll be hearing probably about a week from Monday.
Volca. Hello.
I'm so in for my wifey vice-Jack.
Well, there's a long line ahead of you pal.
A long line. There's a light of fallaway to Jupiter and Uranus.
Dave County. Hello. What's going on right now?
Broward. Hello. Broward.
Well, I hate that. I just addressed me nuts. Dave County. Hello.
I love you.
That was Madamax. Okay. Well, it's trust me.
Was it? Or Donna?
Volca. Hello.
Neil, if I ever go get you, it's with you.
Okay. Broward County. Hello.
You can ask with fifty thousand words.
Dr. Vod.
All the way out to the Bahamas too.
Great.
Dave County. Hello.
Oh, yeah. We're all here.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Another esponulo Jean-Provacatura.
Broward. Hello.
Gabima Fiedes.
Wow.
They are out there today.
How are they calling from Bayside?
They're from Dr. Vod.
Yeah, they made my day.
Palm Beach.
Belly. Do we all here?
Belly.
Broward County. Hello.
I'm flying over here.
PP, Jr.
Dave County. Hello.
No changes.
Volca.
Okay. Boy, some real douche bags in Palm Beach today.
In fact, I noticed if you look at that listing there with all those Palm Beach numbers,
number one in douche bags by the car.
Dave County. Hello.
I'm dying over here.
Broward.
Okay. Palm Beach.
It's a good time for the great day.
Well, I guess he's got a lot of spirit time these days, huh?
Broward County. Hello.
I'm riding that crest on my bidet.
Dave County. Hello.
I'm in one health pargary, I've been turned.
Volca Raton.
Yeah, if I was a sardine, would he kiss me the can?
Broward County. Hello.
Hello. This is Christine Jorgensen.
Yeah, we'll be there at your funeral, Christine.
We hope you have a good one.
Dave County. Hello.
Dave County.
He said by any other name still thinks the same.
True.
Come on, not on circuit.
I'm on Rose.
Okay. He never stole a freight train.
Only we wish he'd hop on one of them and go back to Portland.
Volca. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Is it true you're an octa-room?
Broward. Hello.
Hello.
Boy, we sure got some real creative people out there.
Let's call Dave Johnson back.
Broward. Hello.
Neil. Yeah.
I'd like to vote that the bird should get a haircut.
Dave County. Hello.
Yeah, that was worth repeating.
Yeah, say it again.
Good one.
Palm Beach.
Neil.
Yeah.
Do you ask me the guy that says there at Kumaro and the guy says cool?
Dave County. Hello.
Hey, bud.
I'm still waiting at Gerber.
Broward. Hello.
There was no quid.
Brow.
Well, you know, when you got a president who's as whiny as that,
it makes you really stop and think from it.
You know about America and our future.
Palm Beach.
I like to be tied up with Bob wire to you.
Dave County. Hello.
My good.
Oh, my God.
A lot of short calls in his lightning.
Very short.
Boka.
No, I'm in the homin, homin, homin.
They must be getting ready for Shabbos, huh?
Broward County, our final call.
I don't need a damn history lesson.
Okay, nice hearing from Don.
That was done on the phone, wasn't it?
Yeah. Well, that's going to do it for us.
We're going to go home and tomorrow we're going to be at
Boatsr Us from noon to three.
We're going to have a piece of paper.
Pizza law pizza and we can give away anything.
We can get our hands on and pictures and
we'll be auctioning off at rich and certainly giving away a
couple of ourselves people free for the asking.
Okay, if we might pay you to take them stick around for
Steve. Now Dusty roads, the American Nightmare from two to
four and from four to six reaction to the north
verdict. And I'm just I'm going to be a
grilled my radio for that one.
Hey, week.
