So, thank you so much, sir. It's a 1007 at WIOD.
What is that?
Bird. Hi, E.J.
It's nice to talk to you.
What in the world are you doing in Pompano?
Well, that's where I'm residing lately.
Uh-oh.
I don't know for how long.
But, uh, it's funny that you're talking about Miss Debbie Ellis.
Because I hear a good friend of mine told me that it's a good possibility that Debbie Ellis is my daddy and drag.
Oh!
Oh!
And, in fact, if you're saying it's just one letter in her name, her name?
Yeah. Elevus.
Debbie Ellis. That's right.
How's my buddy, Dan?
How's my buddy Stanley T. Doner?
I bet she's probably eating too much peanut butter and anna.
That might be the problem that she's got.
Stan's doing just the same.
Do they have the baby smoking stokey shit?
I saw Chris for over the weekend, E.J.
I went up and saw Stan and Laurie and everybody.
And everything is fine.
Quite a neat kid, yeah.
Seven weeks old.
Hopefully I get to Sam soon.
Someday, he's not.
I also hear that the black Elvis called here a couple of weeks ago.
Yeah.
I'll be sure.
I'll be sure.
It's amazing.
Amazing.
Yup. And he said, I'll be rich too, by the way.
Is that right?
Yeah.
I also hear that Ted Bundy got out of the chair yesterday at 716 and saying,
Hold your phone, hold your phone, hold your phone, and I'm moving.
It may really are sick, you know.
So how many appearances on the major show, that'll do it to you every time.
For sure.
Well, thank you very much for letting us know.
How's D.J. doing?
Not that we want to hear from Laurie.
I think we're just, you know, we're curious.
And now, hey pal.
You know, the changes.
In the old days, we would hear from you and then we would automatically hear from D.J.
No, let's not push our luck, okay?
Not just from D.J.
But from every other J. there was.
Yeah.
But you all had to remember that I was the senior junior.
Yeah.
Maybe you want to hear from Dr. Votts, junior, before the end of the show.
Dr. Votts.
Let's hope not.
Dr. Votts.
Boy, those were the days where I was.
Those were the days.
Yeah.
Now, what are that shows now?
Well listen, it's good hearing your voice pal.
Thank you very much.
Take care of yourself.
Thank you.
1230 at WIOD, we have an open line in Broward where Elvis just hung up at 524-9463-524-WIOD.
Whatever it is.
Anyway, it's 132 at WIOD.
I woke up this morning with a feeling of despair.
I looked for my pussy but my pussy was there.
Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well.
Oh, first, first, first, first, kiddie, kiddie, kiddie, my cat fell in the well.
I got out of the ladder and I climbed down to my pit.
I saw energy and feel that my pussy was poking with.
Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well.
Oh, first, first, first, first kiddie, kiddie, kiddie, my cat fell in the well.
I got out of home by the tomb.
What she pushed and it she jumped.
Then Emma wants to get in half that's free.
Yes, pussy that fell in the well.
Then Emma was a pussy that could quite compare with her.
Really as a picture with her long and stupid girl.
Well, well, well, well, my cat fell in the well.
Oh, pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy, kiddie, kiddie, my cat fell in the well.
If you have a pussy that you wouldn't tread on cells.
Never let her wander or she might fall in the well.
Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well.
Oh, first, first, first kiddie, kiddie, my cat fell in the well.
Well, it's a 133 W1.
1221.
If you sure tell that was one of Stan's old colors, couldn't you?
21 past noon at 610 WIOD.
213 WIOD.
213 WIOD.
213 WIOD.
Yeah, it was another payday.
I was tired of being a Mr. Goodbye.
So when I saw Ms. Hershey Stan, I began a powerhouse on the corner of Clark and just avenue.
I whipped out my walker and whispered, hey, sweetie, how do you like to crunch on my big hunk for a million dollar bar?
She immediately went down on my 50 roll and you know, it was like pure, all in joy.
I couldn't help but grab her delicious mounds, because it was easy to see that this little twigs had the red hot.
It was all I could do to hold back a snicker and crackle.
It was my butter finger when I put it in the tight little kit kept and she started to scream, oh Henry, oh Henry.
Soon she was fondling my Peter Fallen's magnets and I knew it wouldn't be long before I blew my milk duds clear to Mars and gave her a taste of the old, milky way.
She asked if I was into M&M's, I said hey, chicklet, no cakey stuff.
I said, look, you little Reese Peas, don't be a zero, be a lifesaver.
Why don't you just take my watch and my collar and slip it up your bitter honey?
Ooh, what a piece that juicy fruit she was too.
She screamed, oh cracker jack, yo better than the three musketeers!
As I ran my ding dong up her rocky rodent into her peanut butter cuddle.
Well I was given it to her good and flunny when all of a sudden my starbursts.
Yes, luck would have it and she started to grow a bit chunky and complain of a wriggly interstunic.
Sure enough, nine months later.
Out popped a baby roof.
1223, a WIO did.
Well, well, uh, 10 oh fuck.
This is my ejection.
I can't stop.
Help me stop.
Help me hit me on the back.
I can't stop.
Help me.
Hit me on the back.
Alright, you can't find channel 10, we can go back to pyramid, okay?
I like it.
I'm 35, a C.P.A., a jog and drink white wine.
My wife, she's got a part time job, but the bucks, she spends her mind.
Diner's clothes, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask, a mask,
Mid-D shot, Mid-D shot, ego, Rodz choix, Rodz Bilder, Mandor Yuan and much much pop, offshore theme movies too and we're cultured with
us to give in to love
We see the folks on Saturdays when I'm not late squash.
Well, record ball actually.
Salü wants new.
So much fun.
How are you?
How are you?
You didn't call me.
How was that?
The muck muck muck muck muck muck muck.
What you buying?
What you buying?
Just a tie.
Just a tie.
Now please get off my back.
Once a year we don't care where.
We always take our proofs.
A duty-free shopping spree.
Or jolari and proofs.
We make love to stay.
We are the do.
Shadda.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I didn't get hot.
In the sack.
Our jammy son, our practice.
Our furniture is from modern age.
Just like mom and dad.
Or we see our wee-bye wholesale.
The quality is that bad.
All our friends.
All our friends think like a saying.
Like a membrane.
Man, you're just a...
Our cars.
We bought new ones.
Minds of BMW.
The boy you.
Everybody.
I love to go on motor rink.
West art candle drow.
And as I go away,
I'm glad you feel alive.
Kindle town.
Kindle town.
Kindle town.
Kindle lakes.
Kindle lakes.
Kindle square.
Kindle square.
Andle.
Heekers.
Kindle this.
Kindle this.
Kindle this.
Kindle that.
Kindle that.
My mortgage on my back.
Cute.
Oh.
But so long.
Ten oh five.
They are going to rerun the tape of yesterday's city commission meeting.
Someone gets through either by mistakes from Nick or because they're con you.
And they get to you.
At 16 to WIOD.
But I feel like we started so far behind today that we're never going to catch up.
Everything's fine.
By the way, Brian, thank you so much for the Valentine's Candies.
Speaking of that, the Brian needs a lobotomy.
Definitely.
This guy is not all there.
A micronary past is a law to me.
It says a Georgia veterinarian says Valentine's Day candy, especially chocolate,
maybe poisonous to pets.
Dr. Mark Grossman of the University of Georgia warns pet owners to keep bond bonds.
Or other Valentine's Day treats out of reach of their dogs and cats.
Grossman says a large candy bar.
About 10 ounces of milk chocolate can kill a 12 pound dog.
He says it's a big problem because doogs love chocolate.
He says two basic chemicals in chocolate, caffeine and theobromine can over stimulated
doogs nervous system.
A dog poisoned by chocolate may have an increased heart rate.
The restless vomit have seizures or going to a coma.
And kind of similar to what happens if you leave them at home alone during the sandy patent show.
Especially the part about going into a coma.
But anyway, it's 10, 17.
I'm going to keep that in mind about the one 10 ounce candy bar can kill a 12 pound dog.
Because the golden retriever is not 12 pounds yet beginning there closely.
And the next time he does a little number, now I've got to be honest, they're doing pretty well.
They really are.
Good.
Puppies have a short memory, but if you can, you know, make sure that their bottom understands what it's all about.
Anyway, we got a lot of mail here which we thank you for again.
I'm just so far behind I'm never going to catch up.
Okay.
Is that all right?
Mm-hmm.
And I promised I was going to read this article.
Anyway, this is a Rogers radio show to be monitored is the headline.
Sun Sentinel Saturday, October 24th, 1987, which is a year and a half ago.
Okay.
Right?
Quote.
The Date County State Attorney's Office will begin monitoring the New Rogers show to see whether the controversial talk show host is violating state laws covering obscenity, child abuse, and cruelty to animals.
Date State Attorney Janet Reno ordered the move after a complaint from Coral Gables lawyer, Jack B. Thompson, who was a sale, the sexual content of Rogers show.
I think we ought to move on, Neo Rogers, every way we can, Thompson said.
Thompson told Reno that Rogers broadcast includes soliciting sex from minors and urging children to put cats in microwave ovens.
Rogers and outspoken homosexual often make sexual comments about boys and plays the soundtrack of gay adult movies on his Zeta Morning Show.
This week he suggested the children put cats in microwave ovens but quickly added it's just a joke.
Reno said her staff will determine whether the content of Rogers shows violates any laws.
If its decided he has broken state laws, he will be prosecuted, she said.
The talk show host did not return repeated calls to a station for comment, but during his 6-10 AM broadcast on Friday Rogers told a caller, we can't discuss it.
Sandy Borer, the broadcaster's attorney and a First Amendment specialist, said Rogers has done no wrong and warned Thompson to stop interfering with a station's business.
There is no basis for Mr. Thompson's arguments. We are going to have Jack Thompson paying my client money if he keeps this up. Borer said.
Speaking in a meeting of the Koanus Club of Miami on Friday, Thompson called Rogers obscene and said he wants him off the air.
Should I read that sentence again?
Would you please?
Speaking in a meeting of the Koanus Club of Miami on Friday, Thompson called Rogers obscene and said he wants him off the air.
The Koanus appearance where Thompson has 50 businessmen to join the war against Rogers was part of his stepped up effort against the top rated talk show host.
Thompson said the battle will be three pronged encouraging the filing of criminal charges, continuing civil suits against Rogers and pressuring his sponsors to withdraw their advertising.
Passing out a list of sponsors on Rogers show, Thompson asked Koanus members to write the advertisers and demand they cancel their ads.
He called seven sponsors heroes because they had pulled their ads.
During his talk, Thompson cast himself as a defender of free speech. He accused Rogers of being against free speech for anyone who dislikes his show.
And it goes on. There's some other paragraphs here that in which your mentioned stand majors mentioned, but not that important.
But I think it's pretty interesting because first of all the date of this is October 24th, 87 to give the audience an idea of how long this wildness has been going on.
And secondly, that one sentence, you know, here's an individual who constantly claims, oh, I don't want him to lose his job.
I don't want to cost him his job. I don't want to get him fired. I just want him to obey the law.
And it says here, unless Mr. Nevin's misquoted somebody, it says that he called the show up seen and said he wants Rogers off the air, which anybody with an IQ of over three would be well aware of because that's what this has been all about.
So I just mentioned that in passing because it's part of all the cockarit that we've been having to talk about the last week or two.
The number again for the facts machine for those. And I noticed we've already got some interesting stuff.
By the way, Dossie quit wasting our paper. Okay, on the facts machine. We don't need. She has sent 15 pages of mung the last two days. Cut it out already.
Dossie, okay, that's the 333 lady. Oh, you could see this stuff that she is sending, which has nothing to do with anything. Please, honey, quit wasting our paper on the facts machine. That's expensive stuff.
The facts number is 757 7516 for those who want to send their letters to support 757 7516. Oh, look at that. The book just came apart. I'm telling you what is going to be a day.
Oh, geez. A whole copybook just came apart. And then speaking of the copybook coming apart, Sharon informs me. I don't want to get her in trouble, but Sharon informs me that our general manager was in here yesterday throwing a hemorrhage because there was some time.
I'm just going to get some stuff on the floor, you know, some coyote. The media is sick and they talk badly. It's 1105 at WIOD.
I'm just going to get some stuff on the floor.
I'm just going to get some stuff on the floor.
I'm just going to get some stuff on the floor.
I'm just going to get some stuff on the floor.
I'm just going to get some stuff on the floor.
I'm just going to get some stuff on the floor.
I'm just going to get some stuff on the floor.
Number one with a bullet on 6WIOD. Incredible. 1245 and the Stevez professional wrestler. Can I finish my sentence? Can I finish my sentence?
Let me say it again. Most of the story is centers around pulling the ads from my shows.
It says quoting Johnny Taylor. We're going to meet with President Foot. Hopefully the ads can be pulled from the show.
You're like Mark, you're just like Mark Theoroff. You don't want to listen. There are no ads on this show for you event.
First of all, let me just clarify. We are not...
Did you hear what I just said? We are not editorializing against WIOD.
What are you doing then? What are you doing?
We are writing a news story that a lawyer of the community wants university to pull to pull the ads off the show.
Is there a new story of the WIOD?
Did you wait for it to do what?
To cut a defiliation.
To end a defiliation.
Oh, well, that's not going to happen. WIOD pays 200 times.
Why doesn't it say in the story?
Just a minute. We'll write about that.
I'm going to put you on hold and just... I'm going to put you on hold, okay?
Because you're a very rude young man.
I'm trying to have a conversation with you.
Now, if you want to try to out-talk me, that's never going to work. It's never going to happen.
If you want to have a conversation, even though we disagree, I'll be delighted to do it.
Now, do you want to try?
Are you there?
Yeah, you hung up.
What does that say?
Okay, say a lot.
It doesn't want to have a conversation.
So he started to say he wants them to pull and he was going to say pull the ads.
There are no ads.
So you see my good friend, Mr. McQuarry, whatever his name was, you've got a non-story.
And not only that, why is it you don't tell the public the rest of the background of this so-called local attorney who's so influential and so important?
Why don't you tell him about the hate campaign that he's been running for the last 19 months against neo-rogers on three different radio stations, okay?
Because this is an editorial.
It's not a news story.
And I guarantee you there are plenty of other individuals in the community who have written letters to the president of the university or to the trustees who said they don't like this or they don't like that or whatever it might be.
I'm sure that those didn't always make it on the front page two days, by the way, out of the last week of the Miami Huracan.
When one individual in a community of four million doesn't like this radio show.
But the fact that I can't even have a civilized conversation with you answers all the questions I need to know about the Miami Huracan because he said he's editor in chief.
He said he speaks for the whole newspaper.
So you know what?
The Miami Huracan can stick it in their ear, okay?
Or any other place it'll fit.
I wouldn't waste another minute on this radio show.
I wouldn't waste a minute of my life with the Miami Huracan.
What you kids over there know about responsible journalism, what you know about fairness, what you know about this radio show, what you know about broadcasting, you could fit in a thimble and have room for the whole UM football team left over, okay?
And coach Johnson's hair.
It's been more perfect.
Okay, he's really something we need him.
Okay, two people expired and proud while we played that, but then that's okay.
524, W-I-O-D.
And that's a special personal dedication for me to all my dear friends at the Miami Huracan.
You kids really know your stuff, okay?
He wants him to pull their pull their pull their what?
I'm afraid of what he might have said after that, okay?
Pull their ads.
Isn't that what you were going to say?
Pull their ads.
Guess what?
There aren't any ads.
Don't confuse them.
I'd read it from the story again, but the story is in 20 pieces in a waste basket.
I think that we wasted an hour and a half.
Now that was one of Nick's greatest public services was getting him on the phone.
That was we must commend Nick a heartily for that job of letting America hear what kind of youth we're dealing with over there at the Huracan.
Okay, and again, I don't want to smear all the students at the whole university with the Huracan mentality, but that just...
Maybe it comes from the newsprint, okay?
Like if you inhale enough newsprint or something, the ink gets to your brain.
Sweet water. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I've always liked that song, but it has never been more app-
Oh man, I'll tell you.
It's your fit right in there, especially with Ed, that little insert I did it for me.
That word, great.
I have an observation about that attorney.
He claims that his attack on you is because of the special innuendo and language content in your programming.
Yeah.
Why then isn't he going after DZL or SBM for the nighttime movies that you're showing with the language and front-on-eating?
Because this is really a homophobic campaign.
It's got nothing to do with the language or any of that other.
It's the fact that there is somebody openly gay on the air who expresses things that other gay people think and gay humor.
And this individual can't deal with that.
He wants all of us to go back in a closet and coer and live in fear and terror of people like himself.
I don't doubt that at all.
WI-ID-ID-Night.
Any chance you show up with a little...
Tonight, no, I can't be there tonight, you know.
I would, but I can't have other things.
What a drag.
And if...
But I'll be glad to be out there one night next week or whatever night.
I don't need a golden invitation.
I have my university pass.
And I'd be more delighted to be over there.
I'm sure that Ron Fraser will be tickled at that to have me there.
Well, right up now, because we'll be there to back up.
Okay.
And everything is...
If those two individuals that are here are examples of the higher education, I guess,
that they are supposedly getting at that university, we are in bad shape.
Good point.
Yeah. Amen.
Thank you guys.
Okay.
1133 at WI-ID.
And now the phone is beginning to thin out.
I guess that's probably the highlight of the day, right?
That's what we've had already.
Two open lines in Broward again.
524 WI-ID.
524 9463.
Anything on the facts machine from you of them?
Yes. Well, this is a recent UM graduate, which I'll read this letter momentarily.
As soon as those Broward lines both light up, okay?
I'm not settling with this half-assed mediocre response that we've had all the rest of this week, okay?
Previous four days this week, you folks have been like in some kind of a semi-coma.
And that will not be sufficient today.
I don't see...there goes one.
Okay.
Not too exciting today.
It was a little bit of excitement there for a while, even Palm Beach.
1133, I will be part of it.
All right. Now, will you get your hands off of her or have more sexual harassment on the job attacks if you don't look here alone?
What goes around?
It's 1137 at WI-ID.
We have an open line in Broward again.
524 9463.
Man, I'll tell you what, if we can't keep eight lines lit up, the best way to do it is get them all on hold and leave them there.
But we do have...we got to get this Palm Beach call because it's somebody motivated and they've been waiting a very long time.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I have a question about this guy from the Miami newspaper up there, the one from the...
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Miami newspaper?
Yeah, not the college newspaper up there.
The university of Miami newspaper.
Miami's got enough problems with the herald already, but let's not...let's not voice the hurricane on them.
Okay, the Miami hurricane.
The...things that he called spots, you said they're promos.
Yeah.
Who pays for them?
Nobody pays for them. They're free.
They're free and he wants to hang them off.
Yeah, that's...that's what I'm trying to explain.
They are free promotional announcements to promote the fact that we're carrying the game to get people to listen, to get people to go out to the game.
And then he stabs you in the back.
Great.
Mm-hmm.
Well, I'll tell you.
We're promoting the fact that he claims, well, this is a big story.
This attorney wants the University Dropets Association with WI...so what?
Does that make it a major new story?
I don't think it makes it a story at all, hardly, you know?
Geez.
How is a bonehead, what can you say?
That's the kindest thing we can say. That is correct.
Hey, listen, another thing.
I went down and ate in the brick oven the other day.
It's great.
Yeah, yeah, really good. The ovens are wild, huh?
Was Ernie there?
The Ernie? No.
Oh, okay.
I was talking about the ovens that they cook them in.
I'm just joking with you, sir. It's okay.
It's a little joke. There are some people got it.
Have a wonderful life, pal.
All right, thank you.
21 till noon at WIOD. Here's the letter.
Finally, our facts number, by the way, should I give it again?
What do I do with it?
Give it like Larry Kent.
That's my favorite.
It's on one of the pages of this article that I tore up in the street.
So 7 to 5, 7, 7, 7, 5, 1, 6.
That's our facts number. 7 to 5, 7, 7, 7, 5, 16.
For those who have something, no more drawings, please.
Wait till Steve comes in for the drawing, okay?
You probably won't get in anyway, because Wendy will type the facts machine for hours.
Dear, sir, as a recent UM graduate and from the School of Communications,
I can tell you that the emphasis of their teachings, especially in the graduate program,
is on what the professor thinks is the right way to do something.
When I was in a graduate program, they wanted us to learn how to do research,
not just how to become a better journalist.
I knew several classmates who left the program,
because they would not conform to what some professors thought was the purpose of a degree in communications.
Trust me, there are plenty of UM students in the journalism and broadcasting programs
who don't believe in doing things as backward.
But if you are the editor for the fish rap, as was affectionately referred to in the hurricane,
you can do no wrong in the eyes of the faculty.
Unfortunately, most of the people who really knew how to write for a paper
had better things to do than pretend to be a newspaper man, or woman is the case may be.
While I'm proud of my alma mater and support the athletic department and other aspects of the university,
I do not support their recent trend towards moronic thinking.
I hope to see you tonight at the game and keep up the outstanding program and humor.
Great, good letter.
It's 11.40, it's a recent graduate of UM, by the way.
Let's go to South Miami, hello.
Hey Neil, well, what can you say about these people?
My parents went to UM back in the 50s, and this is what's like today.
I'm embarrassed for them.
Yeah, while you're embarrassed to be here, I guess.
Oh, yeah, I was born in Miami as a matter of fact, so that tells you how depressed I am.
Yeah, and you sound it.
Yeah, that's what I have.
It's got a really comato, almost.
Yeah, well, it's been your 21 years, and that's enough for me.
Yeah, well, I've changed another subject.
I'd like to talk about the bumper sticker you sent me is really great.
Yeah, fat rich is going to be handing him out at Mark Light Stadium by the way tonight.
Oh, really?
I hope you're good incentive, good game and good sticker.
That's it.
Yeah, well, I want to thank you for that, and thank you for the entertainment,
and entertaining me for a year now.
It's been great.
Okay, well, cheer up, okay?
Okay.
Okay, see you later.
Yeah, bye.
Bye.
Why did Sharon just give me this?
What is it?
It's a copy for the pizza loft.
I don't know.
I don't understand.
It's a bizarre.
It says order by 10.30 a.m. for free delivery.
What does that mean?
See, I don't want to start reading this because it's like a menu,
and it's like specials and all kinds of stuff.
So maybe that's part of their copy.
I don't know what this is.
Anyway, it's 11.42 at WIO.
Do we have an open line in Boka and Del Rey, 278-9463,
and line 3 in Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Hi.
Hi, how are you doing?
I'm a UN student.
Really?
I'm almost embarrassed to say today.
Wow, congratulations.
I just wanted to say that there's a few of us out there that have a life,
and we think that the hurricane is a piece of trash.
It's really an embarrassment.
I've talked to some really embarrassing people over the years,
but to talk to this kid over there who's the editor in chief of that newspaper,
and he absolutely refuses to have a civilized conversation or calm down enough
to have an exchange on the phone and then lapses into this thing.
Well, he wants him to pull the, pull the, you know,
was about to say pull the ads,
but I took that out from under him because there aren't any ads.
And that term is referred to repeatedly in that story today.
And on the front page, over and over again,
the thrust of it or the crux of the whole thing is, you know,
that this group and this individual want them to pull their ads from this show.
It doesn't say anything about cutting off the relationship with WIOD.
It's just pulling the ads from this show.
Yeah, and the thing is, I went to a state university before I came down to Miami,
and it was on the West Coast, and I just can't believe the things that they write about in this paper.
Yeah.
Because, you know, usually a campus newspaper focuses on some national issues.
Well, listen, hey, you've got to understand.
It's hard enough for them to see beyond the boundaries of the walls of the campus,
much like, you know, seeing the rest of the community is hard enough for them.
Seeing national issues would be almost a little bit too much, I think, for them.
Well, I just want to say I really enjoy your show,
and there's a few of us over here that support you.
Okay, good luck. Thanks a lot.
1144 at WIOD, we have an open line indeed.
If you move very quickly now, 751-9463,
we're just getting tons of stuff on the facts from U of M.
You have nothing.
Nothing from a recent graduate, man.
No, but I'm talking about from the university.
No.
In fact, we got their number here, so they have got, well, I mean, there couldn't be any question to begin with.
Yeah.
But they've got their facts facilities over there at the university,
but they're just not too quick to get involved.
You see, you can't sit on the sidelines.
I even agree with our friend down there in the Gables, okay?
Our attorney friend, our good buddy.
I even agree with that.
We don't agree on much of anything else, but I do agree.
You can't just sit on the sidelines.
You've got to take a position.
And I think it's very clear here that the position should be that the university's best interests are not served by the,
by bending and yielding to the will of one individual who's been conducting a almost two-year witch hunt
and hate campaign against me on three different stations.
See, it can't be WIOD because when I was an on WIOD and they were carrying U of M sports and running their promos,
this wasn't going on.
So don't give me a song and a dance.
It was WIOD.
That's just like the Hall of the L.C. Commission with a resolution from two years ago.
Well, that was against WINZ.
So it really isn't the station.
It's Neo Rodgers.
That's what it's all about.
Don't give me WIOD that they want to cut their relationship with.
No.
Because the bottom line is if I disappeared from WIOD tomorrow,
this particular individual down there would be delighted to see the games continue on WIOD.
And would also very quickly forget about his problems with Steve or anybody else here.
Oh, yeah.
If Neo Rodgers disappeared and had to go out and work in selling shoes at bird-eins
or stand out collecting dimes on street corners and going out to see Brother Paul,
that would make this individual happy because that's the real thrust.
Just as it said in that article I read from last October, October of 87, the other day from the Sun Sentinel.
He told the koanas he wants him off the air.
Quote.
Period.
And he can deny it and he can try to couch in any other terms.
But all these little brush fires that are being spread around and all the attempts to get people to sue me
and to get advertisers to cancel, that's got nothing to do with changing the content of the program.
That's what try to cost me a job.
And cost you people the right to listen to this program,
which is the most listened to program in this community and has been for 10 years.
So, you know, it's not really that difficult.
It's not a complex issue.
The university is in a position where they have to take a stand.
Do they support my right to do the show and the station's right to employ people that they want?
Or are they going to yield and bend to the wishes of one individual?
And I'm very curious since our general manager sent Mark Thieroff all the material on his individual,
all the background and the special prosecutors report and all the other background of this 19 month which on how come none of that appeared in that other story the other day.
If we're talking about real journalism,
we're talking about an attempt to be fair and present a news story.
Oh, this is a news story.
Must have been an omission. Must have ran out of space.
This isn't a news. This isn't even close to a news story.
It's a news story.
It's a news story.
And you know something new people that they're hurricane are a joke.
Nobody's laughing.
Here is a U of M graduate on one. Hello.
Yes, first time call her, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You might as well give up on the student body taking position at U of M.
I graduated at 82.
Now, it's an absolute, but true story.
When Reagan was shot, I was going through the student union.
It's not like the story had been on for eight hours or anything.
It just had happened.
Change of classes, student union was back because you have to walk through to get to half of your classes.
Me and about three other people were the only ones who were watching the news clips on that event.
And I swear to you, a lot of the people in the student union were mad because they'd taken the soap off preempted the soap with the news stories.
Oh, great.
It was pondering.
It was just a total apathy on the film.
Yeah, that doesn't shock me.
No, nothing would shock me.
It was amazing.
It's got an idea for a bit for your friend, Sonny.
Basically, call it Sonny's obsession followed by three or four juicy bits that normally follow the I-95 song.
And then...
And then close with those, it's smell of it.
Yeah, it stinks, all right.
Something stinks in Hellenay or something stinks in Coral Gevels, too.
That's it, Abigail.
Have a good one.
1148 at WIOD as we have yet another mini crisis about nothing, about absolutely, positively, thoroughly, nothing.
Pull those ads.
We're going to have a meeting with President Putt about pulling ads that don't exist.
They don't exist.
I mean, this is so incredible it just boggles the mind.
You of him should be aware of what they're involved with.
But they don't want to be aware.
They want to ride defense, and as I keep saying, that's not good enough.
No.
This shouldn't be difficult for them.
It should be real simple.
They're supposed to be adults, the people in the hierarchy over there.
And I know they don't like me, in spite of what anybody tries to tell me.
They never have liked me.
They haven't liked Ron Fraser very much either, and he's one of the best things that ever happened,
certainly for the athletic department over there.
When the job of athletic director came up time and time again in the middle of the late 70s,
and everybody thought, hey, it's going to be Ron Fraser, it didn't happen.
Why? Because of politics over there at the university.
Oh, there are steep and policies.
If they were more concerned about education and less concerned about playing politics,
maybe you of them would be a lot more well-known for its academics instead of for its football team.
Boy, stories I've heard over the years.
Politics.
I've had friends over there.
And I could name some names, which I want to make.
Me too.
And if they don't like the fact that I'm saying it, hey, I've said it many times before.
And I'm going to say it again when it's appropriate, okay?
But whether they like it or not, they ought to have at least enough common sense
to stick to university business and not try to interfere,
and not try to get into the censorship business again,
because that's what this boils down to, again, just like the Hellendale thing.
The exact same thing.
How in the world can the University of Miami get involved in censorship?
A university.
And gay bashing.
Shocking, I can't.
I don't think there's a little homophobia over there, do you?
I'm starting to.
It's 1150, 1010.
What's taking place here?
And I guess the reason why I'm calling, I'm not a hurricane or a U.M. Bashar,
I'm a very involved alumnus.
But rather, I'm going to defend the hurricane and those who have worked on it in the past years.
First of all, collectively, we must apologize for what happened on the phone.
One thing that we always tried to do in the years past,
besides always show our pride, our professionalism, our courtesy,
the ethics that we always convey, we were always fair.
And sure, we went head to toe with a lot of administrators,
and in a lot of times they did not like what we printed.
We did cover stories.
Like our friends at Moro's nut house, Galleria,
and the Galleria for the candy, which I'm giving to you,
because I don't want to get anywhere near it.
Yeah.
And some interesting mail here today, including some baseball cards,
some Cubs baseball cards.
Any good ones?
From somebody with good taste, who says that they are not only the best looking team,
but talented as well.
Which is true.
Here's Greg Manick's.
Jamie Moyer is gone.
Thank goodness.
And here's Gary Varsho, Ryan Sandberg.
Now we're talking Damon Berryhill and Jeff Pico.
So Jamie is left out Mark Grace, but that's okay.
I'll forgive him for that.
And they left out one of the pictures.
I can't remember the moment.
A little coming to me any second.
How could I forget?
Well, that's embarrassing.
You see Scott in there with that KFRC jacket, 610.
Is that 610?
KFRC?
610.
Well, you know, we're going to change the callers to make some of the...
So you only work at stations that are 610 on the dial, right?
That's the only ones you work for.
Great.
Well, there's a station done in Havana on 610, too, which we understand it's got an application for now.
See?
On the cover weight at WID, quit putting that dirty stuff out, by the way.
We got the two open lines in Dayton County, 751-9463.
By the way, I did fill out that thing.
You know, I don't want you to think that I assigned you one, and I filled it out in the dogs aided.
Okay.
So you're going to have to give...
That's a true story.
You're going to have to give me another one.
I was like days and days ago.
But they like that stuff.
They like that juicy radio stuff.
Nine minutes passed noon at WIOD.
It's been quite a day.
We want to congratulate the Miami Hurricane again for their consistency this year.
You know what it reminds me of?
It reminds me of the back in 87.
When we did our SAVE, our first amendment rights campaign with the FCC so far.
And we did a show.
And I don't want to keep rehashing, but a lot of you are probably not familiar.
We did a show where we had people from all these competing stations.
We had Bill Tanner there.
We had G. Michael McCay and Buidel and Irene.
Irene Richard.
And who else was on that thing?
We had the people from Zeta at that time, Jeff Chase.
Jeff Johnson.
And all of that.
They rest in peace.
For those for the days.
And you know, just about everybody was involved in that thing.
But not we couldn't we couldn't raise a whisper from the U.M. on the University of Miami campus.
Because they're too busy playing purple hushbubby.
And blah, blah, blah.
They had no interest whatsoever.
We begged on the year we pleaded.
We did everything on our because you'd think that a major university right in the midst
when there's a first amendment kind of thing going on, freedom of speech.
And with their own university station, which is supposed to be a little radical anyway.
And I wonder why it's supposed to be in pink.
But forget it.
It just isn't there.
It just ain't there.
And I guess it's appropriate.
I guess the U of M fits into this area like a glove because that's kind of representative of the market as a whole.
Very lethargic, very apathetic, very escapist kind of thing.
Like we're just here for sun and fun, man.
And of course, while they're busy with their heads in a sand like an ostrich,
the fun is rapidly disappearing because all these old bureaucrats are taken away from us.
Anybody mentioned anything about spring break in for a lot of day, by the way?
You notice you don't hear anything about that at all?
Now that's not even worth it.
This is a rips you by the way we don't want.
Oh good.
I don't want you to get upset.
Oh yeah, right.
Some of this is a great male.
Anyway, we're just flooded with great stuff from U of M on the facts machine.
Nothing.
Absolutely, positively, nothing.
Zero, nada, not a word, as they say.
Okay?
Not a breath of even stale air on our facts machine.
What's that number?
757, 7516, is that it or 19?
Oh, geez.
Am I ever going to memorize that?
No.
Wait a minute.
Paul, there's a OG.
Yeah, no.
Yeah.
757, 7516.
Okay, is our facts number.
Just in case there might be any of those really important people at the university
or you would like to express their, I'm still waiting for that apology.
Okay, from the university for the intemperate things that have been going on.
Here's the, yeah.
Anyway, it's 1216.
When you get off the floor, I mean, there's a whole box of those there and you've got to chase one down on the floor.
And now you're going to eat it?
I'll get in trouble.
Oh, that's right.
Mitch will give you what for it.
Mitch won't say anything.
We fed him the rest of that Thai food.
He and Cheryl were happy as pigs and slopp, okay?
Yeah.
Well, do you put those over there?
Those aren't bad.
Those are almond.
They're nothing bad there.
They're real good.
Okay, just put them down.
Take your hands off.
Try to relax.
I know you're under a lot of pressure here today.
Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yes, near the other wonder why you ran this so many of the discolabies here.
Oh, here we go.
This is one of our real good calls from Palm Beach.
What could that possibly be, sir?
What could it be?
Let's hear it.
Hit us with Wolf Barrel, sir.
Come on, let's go.
People in the other baby.
So, people in the other baby.
People in the other baby.
Come on, put your ups, sir.
You can do it.
We'll let me talk.
I don't want to hear anymore about that.
Let me ask you a question.
Yes.
Are you listening to the show now?
I was earlier.
I was earlier.
You were earlier.
How come?
How come?
I like to hear you sometimes.
Sometimes.
Let me tell you something.
Oh, you sound like you're falling apart.
Let me ask you a question.
Who is the guy that's a Harvey Firesteen?
Do you know Harvey?
Do you know Harvey Firesteen?
There are a couple of scenes in Tortzong Trilogy
where I felt Harvey was going to leave the planet, okay?
I'm not talking about on a plane.
I'm just talking about physically.
I get that same feeling in hearing your voice
that you're just like your toe is just barely touching the ground.
Is that true?
Sir, can I say something to you and closely?
In closing?
And closely?
See, I'm a shook up now.
I can't handle it.
Have a nice life.
You're pretty funny, Neil.
Have a nice life.
Can I have a nice one, please?
No.
I love 18 of WIOD.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
655 WIOD.
Now, this is going a little too far.
And then on the facts, a friendly reminder.
You can't spell scum without UM.
Now, that's...
See, that's not on our level.
Maybe Monday.
That's pretty disgusting.
We do have an opening in Palm Beach
where we get those award winners on at Palm Beach Line.
655 WIOD.
655-9463.
Look at that.
It lit up again.
That is pretty damn exciting.
I'm impressed now.
It takes a lot to impress me, but I am really impressed now.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
And what's up, Neil?
Hey, how you doing, pal?
Hi, what's up, bird?
Hey, dude.
What's going on?
Speaking of...
What's shaking?
Not much, man.
Have you seen the PBR facilities at all, ever?
No.
No, I was up in Lake Worth Beach.
When you say facilities, you mean like as in a restroom?
It looks like a restroom.
That's why I said it.
It's about a two-story brown rundown building off of Lake Worth Beach.
And they got their dish in the back with like three huge trees in front of them.
And inside the dish, it all kind of leaves and palm branches.
And ever, it's just a really rundown.
Really looking place.
I'll be damned.
But you never know by listening, would you?
You can't even pick it up if you try.
I know.
I hear it sometimes on my pop-up toaster.
But, dude, did you see that all start weekend at all last weekend?
The what?
The NBA all started the basketball.
Oh, yeah, I did see some of that.
Yeah, it was pretty weak.
It was like a...
It was like a...
Sandlock game, I mean, there was no defense.
That's why they scored like about 300 points pretty near.
They scored about 280 points.
It was pretty slushy.
But the thing that really...
I don't know, it sent me about the whole thing with right there.
The slam dunk contest.
And the winner got what?
20 grand?
I don't know.
But those slam dunk stuff, man.
That is such hot dog crap.
Yeah.
Why didn't they got to teach the kids the America to be hot dogs?
But then they also gave the three pointer 15 grand.
But then at the end of the game, for the MVP, they sent a check in his name to the Special Olympics for only $5,000.
Yeah.
I mean, that's a joke.
Well, next year they're going to have that halftime because people are getting tired of the slam dunk crap.
They're going to have a fist bite.
And the winner's going to get two million.
Hello, they're going to be in it?
Huh?
Yeah, Harado is going to be referring and probably getting the way and getting his nose broke again.
All right, Neil.
We'll have a great weekend and you know, take it to the U.S.
As a matter of fact, Harado, I want you to.
You're probably be interested because you are an NBA fan.
On Tuesday, next week, Harado's show is going to be with former NBA players who are really women.
Have a great day.
All right, Neil.
20 minutes past noon at WIOD.
We have...
I wonder if Marlene will be on that show.
We have an open mind and brow.
That's so terrific.
I know.
But you understand it.
That's all I can do.
Yeah, it's so, it's so appropole.
Oh, it is.
524, WIOD.
That's that broward number.
And if you move quickly, you can fill that void in the broward.
There's a void in the broward like my pothole, man, the size of red china.
Here's Davy and Dave.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
How you doing, bird?
Good.
What y'all have for lunch today?
Wait a little Thai food from our friend Boone.
From Boone.
We had some of those curry pops.
Mm, great.
Listen, I've seen a lady standing on the Howlville Beach Boulevard.
She's only met a musical, $4.00 today.
Not bad.
You know, I think maybe a better not to say too loud.
There'll be a big run on it.
I was kind of, I was kind of depressed yesterday when you stopped your lady callers.
And I was wondering maybe, maybe we can have a lady's day?
What do you mean when I stopped it?
Well, it only lasted for so long.
Well, that's because the show end.
I was just showing.
I was getting tired of listening to all these mung brain douche bags.
Yeah, we had a lot of bad, well, we had a run of bad mail call.
Today they've been in another better behavior.
But this week is not been a banner week for callers.
Set aside a day and call it ladies day.
Well, if we want to, we might do it.
Okay.
See the way you say that, like, like you're ordering us to do it.
No, I'm not, I don't order.
I mean, if it's for you, we'll be more than happy to do it.
If it'll make you happy and enrich your life, well, we'll be delighted to do it.
They could do that.
You should ask. You shouldn't tell us to do it.
No, I wasn't.
Would you like to ask me to do it?
Oh!
Oh, and one last thing.
Okay.
22 past.
Well, no, see that's your hand.
Now that's your hand for covering yourself accordingly.
I know, I understand that.
Oh, we have an open line in date.
751-9463-751-WI would him.
Giving him a little more slowly, because there could be some U.M. people listening.
Oh, come on.
No, seriously, they like, like, one digit at a time.
Here's the first one for them.
Okay, let's take our break a little bit early now.
Come on, let's do it, because we've got some really important calls coming up anytime now.
As soon as we're later, and we'll be right back.
25 past noon at WID.
We've got a real dilemma now, because we've got a pay phone in Palm Beach.
We've got a mobile in Miami, and we've got a U of M student.
Among our callers here, those three are like, maybe we should put them all on the same time.
Should we do the mobile first?
I guess.
I don't know why I keep doing that, man.
I should have learned my lesson, but I'm a soft-hearted slump for mobile phones.
Hello.
A new?
Yeah.
Thanks.
No, that takes good.
Yeah, okay.
Well, that was a short one.
That's good.
Okay, the pay phone in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Good afternoon, gentlemen.
Yes, sir.
First time caller here.
Enjoy the program tremendously.
Just had a little fire report for you for JNO.
I was wondering if the producers they met in that prostitution suite last week was Lee's producer.
It was advertised on you.
Well, I understand that, but I'm not going to jump on the bandwagon and condemn him because I have nothing but contempt for those police so-called sweeps where they entrap the Johns.
I think that's one of the most disgusting excuses for police work.
It's like trapping fish in a barrel, and I'm not going to add to the guys' problems.
Okay, he's got enough problems already.
No, no, no.
The other item I just had in law, sir.
I went to Canada.
And the in-laws came down for a week with us and spent the whole time behind them leaving tips and restaurants.
They go out of the booth first and we come out behind them laying more money.
I'm just trying to keep up with them.
Well, congratulations.
It's a much needed service, believe me.
It was, we also went to the pot there in Lake Worth.
Yeah.
It sounded fantastic.
It really is.
Do you have the chocolate?
Exactly.
Sure did.
Well, no one of you sounds so happy, sir.
Okay, you have a good weekend.
Appreciate it.
Bye-bye.
Okay, here's our UM student on three.
Hello.
Hi, Nail.
Hi.
I just want to know what's your problem.
It's with the hurricane.
I read the article that you're referring to and I find nothing wrong with it.
It seems to be more statements, more facts, that does opinion.
Yeah, do you, you're reading both sides of the story?
Yes.
You are.
You're reading both sides of the story and that story?
Yes, I am.
Where is the opposing side of the story?
Where is it awarded?
It's, it's not opposing anything.
It's presenting facts.
No, it's not presenting facts.
Did you hear the conversation I had with the editor of the paper before?
Yes.
When you called up the paper and made it sound like he called you, I was listening to that.
No, we didn't make it sound like anything.
We said, Nick had them on the line.
I didn't say we, we, he called us.
Well.
He didn't want to be on the air.
Well, and then you called, you answered our heard.
Now, did, did, are you going to do the same thing?
Part of me?
Oh, wait a minute.
Originally, are you a student at UM?
Yes, I am.
Okay.
Anyway, let me go back again to what I was trying to say if you're listening.
Unless you want to try to emulate the behavior of the editor of the newspaper and get into a shouting match.
The bottom line is if you listen to that conversation, there are not facts
because the UM doesn't run any ads on this program.
And it uses that phrase repeatedly during the story.
That's the crux of the whole story.
Hello?
Yes, I'm here.
So what's your response?
Yes, what's your response that was?
It just seems that, you know, you guys overracked everything.
All your words about UM are always negative.
No, our words aren't, our words aren't always negative.
We don't promote the baseball program.
We don't promote all the other sports other than the football program on this show.
You're nuts.
So that means you'll be at WIOD tonight tonight.
No, I sure won't be there.
No.
What's that got to do with it?
What does that have to do with it?
I broadcast the games for six years and I helped him from all of a sudden.
Does that mean I got to be there tonight?
No.
Are you going to be there?
Are you going to be there tonight?
Sure, I'll be there.
How many of the games do you go to?
Every single game.
Well, congratulations.
How many of the rest of the student body attend the games?
Well, they've had an average of ten to four.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm not talking about the average of ten.
It's I'm talking about the students.
Most of those people who go to the games are not students.
Now you know that, don't you?
Yes, I do.
Oh, I see.
Why is that?
It's because...
Because the students don't support the university.
That's why.
So don't point to finger at me for the problems of the student body.
Why not look in the mirror?
Okay, you might learn a real good lesson.
Boy, oh boy, was he the definitive UM still assuming he was?
UM student.
Unbelievable.
We really have to...
Yeah, it's just a list of facts.
It's just a list of facts.
Yeah, right.
29 past noon.
You see, when you're given that thing about the fact that there are no ads and that they're free promos,
they have no response.
They do that.
They don't seem to accept that.
They don't seem to accept that.
They don't seem to accept that.
They don't seem to accept that.
They don't seem to accept that.
They don't seem to accept that.
They don't seem to accept that.
They don't seem to accept.
It doesn't work.
Anyway, it's 12.30 and let's move right along.
I'm so excited with those...
Well, two of the three were real winners, weren't they?
Let's go to Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
How are you doing?
Oh, I'm doing.
Hey, Glenn, how are you doing?
Great.
I'm also hoping I could change the subject for just a minute.
It might cheer you up a little bit.
No.
12.30 at WIOD.
We have an open line in date at 7519463.
751 WIOD Boca, hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
I don't get a chance to get down south too much anymore.
But I was wondering if there's students at the U of M where uniforms?
Well, maybe they ought to.
Brown ones.
You know, it just seems like a few years ago,
or I can remember when communities were trying to censor college newspapers.
Yeah.
And I've never heard of a college newspaper trying to censor a community.
Or at least they were radio talk show.
Me either.
I was just saying during the break to Glenn, I was saying, I can't imagine students at
NYU or Columbia University are getting together on their university newspapers and writing
costs to comments about the Howard Stern show.
I mean, that's just laughable even to think of that.
Outrageous, totally outrageous.
Okay.
Yes.
I'm not out of material.
Okay.
Maybe the editors in chief of the mega of the, how is this paper there?
Might ought to consider one of his options of resigning as post.
No, now he speaks for the whole paper, you see.
So he says, well, that's kind of an embarrassment to the school.
Yeah.
I would.
Anyway.
Have a good life.
Bye bye, Neil.
Bye.
1231 at WIOD.
Let's go to, let's see, we did Boka Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, hello, Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah, how you doing today?
Okay. How you doing today?
I'm going to be ready.
Wow, that's great.
First of all, I want to congratulate you on your big victory over Harondale.
It seems they're backing down on you, huh?
Yeah, Harondale is history.
Harondale.
More ways than one.
Okay, well that's good.
And wish you luck in your campaign against UM.
I'll tell you, people around here.
Well, wait a minute, I don't have a campaign against UM.
All I have is a campaign for them to get on the stick and start being fair.
If they're going to print something, then print all of reality and have some idea
of what they're printing instead of just trying to sensationalize something
that isn't even a story.
Right.
And another thing I tell you, a lot of people, you know, they were criticizing you.
You know, they'd bring up these things about the bomb threats and things like that
and they overplay.
You know, they don't bring up some of your humanitarian act right where you did for the Harondale.
Well, don't confuse him with that.
I mean, what's interesting to me is they evidently know about as much about this show
as they know about brain surgery, which is virtually nothing.
And in the meantime, they're writing all these articles like,
educated scholarly journalists, you know, just a bunch of punk kids
who haven't got any clue of what the hell's going on.
Right, I agree.
You know, I don't like to hear eggs, you know, regardless of what people think, you know.
I enjoy your show and...
It's a radio show, sir, just another radio show period.
Right, and all it is.
And I don't think anybody else is right to decide what goes on the air,
what doesn't.
When a bunch of university students decide that they come down on the side of censorship
and attacking people's right to do a radio program and entertain the public,
then we got a real problem in this community.
Right, I agree with you.
Okay, you have a...
Hey, on the off?
Yeah.
Is it alright with you?
Can you call my boss a douchebag in there?
Go right ahead, sir.
Dan Stone in your douchebag.
Okay, I second a motion, sir. Have a wonderful weekend.
Alright, thanks a lot.
Okay, 1233 at WIOD, we have an open line in Broward,
524-9463, and in Boka, 278-9463.
278-9463, 278 WIOD.
If you want a fast, delicious experience in the Congress.
As Jack Kennedy did when he sought the presidency.
I served with Jack Kennedy.
I knew Jack Kennedy.
Jack Kennedy was a friend of mine.
Senator, you're no Jack Kennedy.
You know what I play that?
I'm sure you were going to ask.
Because when I think of the average, the typical U.M. student,
I think of Dan Quayra.
How immediately comes to mind.
That's just the image that comes...
I don't know why.
Could be wrong.
Hollywood.
Let's be our U of M line.
Hello.
Hello, Dale.
Yeah, man.
You know, I'm a U of student.
I see these articles in this world of what's his deal.
Well, he's got a personal vendetta against you or what?
Yeah.
I don't understand it.
It's totally confusing for me, but many U of students are usually confused.
That is correct.
That's good.
That's what they want to do over there as confused.
You and obviously you work very well.
You ought to be like a model student.
I really like to write in.
I'm on the air.
What is your major, sir?
Basket weaving?
Actually, I like to hang out with international students.
I'm an engineering student.
Oh, that's good.
So I'm basically far in exchange.
I feel like it though.
So I'm about the same.
You know, but I just got to talk at the hurricane staff.
You know, they're not douchebags.
They're not.
They're really animal bags.
All fleetable.
You know what I mean?
The fleet of them, yeah.
We understand this guy with Alan Massingill at Chanleton.
Definitely.
He's a real douchebag guy.
I totally concur with you.
Well, listen, your material was great.
I know you're out of it.
Have a great week.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Give Mark a big kiss for us over there on the newspaper.
We have an open light in Dave County 751 9463 751 WIOD.
But maybe we're just, no, seriously.
Maybe we've been under a lot of pressure.
We just not understanding.
It's a comedy.
It is.
It's a comedy paper.
Don't you understand?
It's like, it's like the National Lampoon.
It's a comedy.
It's a set tire.
It's a non-story.
You remember the non-group?
Don't you remember that?
This group of self-appointed intellectuals who sit down
Alva Chapin from the Harold and all these other...
Don't you remember that big story a few years ago in the
Harold?
They printed it in their own paper about how they sit around.
They decide what's good and what's bad.
And they peddle us the metro rail and the non-group.
Well, maybe this is the non-paper.
Now, there is some hope, though, for the hurricane.
Because we did have a call from Mr. Wipple a little while ago.
He said he likes the texture and the flavor of their story.
Maybe they ought to get in touch with him on that facts machine.
Miami.
Hello.
Oh, yeah, hi.
How are you doing?
I felt maybe you could hear from an FIU student on that one.
All right.
Now we're talking.
Let's get that woofie radio thing on right away.
Listen, I was listening the day that you insulted the FIU radio station.
Hey, you can only pick it up on campus.
It's pretty pathetic.
What do you mean only pick it up on campus?
You have to plug your brain into the wall stock in order to hear it.
Yeah, well, listen, I was really glad to hear some UM-bash going on.
They deserve everything I say in about 10 times more.
I do have a couple of friends on the hurricane staff.
They're going to be sorry when woofie radio is broadcast the UM football.
I'll tell you that.
No, I just wanted to let you know in case you didn't know that the hurricane is paid for by the Herald.
What?
That their production costs are paid for by the Herald and that they lay out and print the paper.
They lay out?
Yeah.
Don't say lay out.
Well, lay out.
You know, they put together the paper there on the Herald premises.
I'll be damned.
Yeah.
So I don't know if there's some...
That is an incredible revelation.
Some ulterior motives.
Even in the Bible there was never a revelation like that.
Yeah, because they know you don't like the Herald that much.
No, they're my favorites over at the Herald.
They're the best.
If you're in the Herald, you know what's true.
He do one.
I work in the sports department there part time.
Where at the Herald?
Yeah.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
Well, ask a bunch of start printing some sports like things that are happening in America.
Okay, that would be a good start.
Okay, listen, I'll tell my editor.
Okay, tell him I said hi.
They're big fans of mine.
I have a big closet audience over there in the Herald.
Okay, it's good talking to you now.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
What's going on?
Doing tonight.
And who are in mines?
What's in the house?
That's why inquiring mines read the Miami Herald.
Is Maurice Fere really having sex with an alien from outer space?
It's in the house.
Is Paul Hawkins the true mother of the elephant van?
It's in the house.
Is John Kennedy sleeping with Max Henry?
It's in the house.
Is Jim Baker about to give birth to Jerry fall well, baby?
It's in the house.
Sex, sex, sex, more.
Hot, sex.
Oh, it's in the house.
Plus, Gary Hart's amazing right, Stoy is from Florida.
The hot, rock-word puzzle that has no answer.
Our own killer surprise is just for us.
I've helped you have letters to Neil Rogers.
And we're so sorry, Uncle Albert, but we haven't heard the bloody thing all day.
My name is definitely Frederick.
And Paul, and the latest issue of the Miami Herald.
Available at Supermarket checkout counters everywhere.
And where final manure is free.
Did you know that Johnny Carson ate cab-tallowace baby to stay slim?
Where did you use that?
I read it in the toilet.
I'm curious, people.
I want to know.
Did you know there's a place just 60 under the earth where you go when you die?
Where did you pick that up?
I picked it up in the toilet.
Here's what you'll find in the toilet this week.
Princess DiGay birthed to a 65-pound show horse.
John Kennedy's come back in a spaceship with a super-new diet.
Ferd is dating John Hinckley to make Warren jealous.
I'm sleeping with Joan Collins, and I don't even know it.
Where did you read that?
In the toilet.
The national toilet.
Put a quarter in the slot and we'll wipe the world for you.
1249, it'll be the next four block radius.
This is true.
Well, you got to start somewhere, right?
Exactly.
I mean, we're up and coming for the speech.
That's what I keep telling Joey.
You got to start somewhere.
I guess so.
We're up and coming.
And...
So does Pete.
Okay, well, listen, stay tuned.
Oh, right.
Oh, yeah.
He closed the candle.
He called you.
Hello.
I'm here.
He called you, uh, reference you was going to London,
and she was going to call you.
Yeah.
You remember that?
Mercy and Kendall?
Mm-hmm.
Okay, here she is.
Where's that?
I'm here, ma.
What do you mean?
Hi, Neil.
Yes.
We're 100% behind you all this time.
Well, listen, I agree.
Well, we're excited.
I'm going to call you next week from London.
Okay, we're looking forward to it.
All right.
Have a good time.
Say hi to the queen for us.
Okay, I'll wait.
Okay, bye-bye.
Put me on hold, please.
What?
Didn't you put me on hold?
For what?
How about an hour or so?
I enjoy being putting on hold.
No, no.
Have a nice day.
Bye.
Bye.
Wow.
How you don't have your yet?
Or what?
Oh, chicken?
Mm-hmm.
I'm so working on it.
I'm rich, mostly.
He's getting surly about it.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
They're eating on the air again.
They're struggling.
They're struggling.
I bet you're tired of listening to talk on morning radio.
I got to ask you.
You're so much tired of listening to fat home or sex
who is eating on the air.
On your moon.
This is me, Melina in the morning, every Tuesday from 7 to 10 AM,
on WUFI 530 AM, University Park, North Miami.
I'll wake you up to the best, progress the task to off-shore.
Yeah.
Aren't they a re-broadcasting part of our show this?
Yes, they were.
No problem.
Now, I wonder why the monitor isn't concerned about that.
No concern at all.
That's illegal.
Mm-hmm.
In violation of FCC law.
That's right.
Now, we aren't apoplectic about it,
because it happens all the time.
It's common practice.
Mm-hmm.
But, you know what they say?
There's something called consistency.
I just don't see too much consistency there in the monitor.
You know what I'm saying?
Anyway, it's 10 minutes past 1 at WIOD,
and we want to tell you if you're a sports fan.
Well, if you don't have the sports channel,
who's in your area here?
I just wanted to say that because I really enjoyed the album.
That's all.
And I wanted to just take you to task on one thing,
because I hear you guys,
and like I said, I've been a listener for years.
Uh-huh.
Well, let me say, oh, you've been a listener for years,
but if somebody is trying to get me off the air,
and somebody is lying about the intent of what I say on the year,
you don't see any problem with that.
We should just sit back and let that go on.
Is that what you say?
If the man is slandering you,
then sue him.
But now I heard that.
Well, that's what we're doing, sir.
I heard Kane talking about how he called you a self-hating homosexual
and self-hating.
That's not actionable.
I heard you say stuff like that all the time.
You lambast the great people.
That's not what we're, sir.
That's not what we're talking about.
And if you want to take the time to sit down and try to understand the difference
between name-calling and between twisting the intent of what somebody is doing
and accusing them of criminal activity on the air,
then maybe you can understand if you can penetrate your skull.
Or that was pathetic.
I wonder he wants to turn the lights out.
117 at WIOD, let's go to Joe in Pemberg Pines.
Hello.
Hey, Neal.
Yeah.
How's it going?
Oh, boy, after that call, God only knows.
I'm always following more on.
What a call.
I mean, he's entitled to his opinion, but he's another one.
Don't confuse him with the facts.
We're interfering with somebody's first amendment rights by trying to get them to stop slandering us.
Yeah.
Another hell of a week, huh?
Yep.
Listen, I know it's pretty late in the week, but Monday we have no school, so can you do like an hour of student day?
Oh, whatever you're like.
Yeah, probably UM student day would be great.
Not UM, say everybody but UM.
It's a big president's day, right?
That big holiday that we all year.
Oh, yeah.
James Buchanan's birthday.
We all, genius, like, you know, in the past.
Or is it Pamp Buchanan?
I always get so worn out, you know, celebrating president's day every year.
Well, as we all do.
Yeah, I'm just always a basket case on.
In fact, there's probably not going to be anybody in school Tuesday because of everybody getting smashed over the big celebration.
I would think so, yeah.
Oh, it's a good excuse.
Yeah.
Well, that's how it is.
That's it.
Okay.
It goes around.
Yeah, it comes around.
Okay, Neil, have a good week.
You too.
Thank you.
518 at WIOD.
Here's a interesting thing here.
It says, to Neil from number one listener, caught one hour of the show during lunch and knew you wanted a fact.
So here it is.
And it's a, it's got a drawing of the newspaper.
Yeah, that's a newspaper.
It says, the Miami Hiroshima.
And the headline says, scientist baffled over university stupidity.
I like that.
Yeah, that's cute.
Yeah.
Okay, well, we've really had some good, cute stuff on that fax machine today.
It's 119 at WIOD.
Here's a mobile and Broward.
Hello.
No, okay.
Good call.
Excellent job.
That's the way we like him and Broward.
Short, sweet and right to the point, baby.
524 WIOD.
Miami.
Hello.
Yeah.
Washington's birthday is Monday, right?
And then Washington's grandma's birthday is Tuesday.
That is correct.
All things have been...
Don't forget about Washington's mother-in-law on Wednesday.
Okay, yeah.
It's second cousin, isn't it?
And then the guy who made Georgia's second pair of wooden teeth is going to...
Yeah, we kind of dumped that, you know, Pound.
You know why?
Only because it was you.
Only because it was you.
We have an open line in Dade County, 751.
9463.
That's the only reason.
Just because it was him.
I don't let it go for anybody else.
But for him, I did special, okay?
Just so that he didn't sneak it out on the air again, because he's such a wonderful guy.
And you know something, he just can't go away, can he?
God, he's there every single day.
Just dying to get that out, to get it out of his system.
And we hope you do.
Maybe the proctologists could help you get it out too.
We want one of those snakes.
Anyway, let's do a little break here.
Okay, while we ponder a couple of these last balls to shower.
This is our big one, two-hour, of course.
This is one of the real good stuff, struts to settle, like sediment right to the bottom, okay?
120 at WIOD.
D.
Okay, whatever you say.
137 at WIOD, we have a mobile inbrowered.
Hello.
Hey, I'm Phonil. How you doing?
Hey, we're doing it, pal.
Yeah, listen, I've been listening to you for years since you were down here with the cat and everything else and whatnot.
And in all seriousness, as far as this radio thing goes with this wacko you've got out there.
Aren't you somewhat concerned about your personal safety?
Yes, I would narrowly am not, but in this particular case, I think that when people become very fanatical about something,
they become unpredictable.
And I'm not going to accuse anybody of anything specific, but it just does make you a little bit uneasy because it creates an atmosphere of hostility, et cetera.
And that's not a very pleasant atmosphere to try to a function in.
Yeah, I was thinking so when you go back, I didn't see the movie and I heard you and other people.
Well, no, I'm not, that movie doesn't generate any concern in me.
It's not that, but I have read the book.
I first came out and you know, when you got a wacko like that out there, that's beyond harassment.
Okay.
Anyway, that's all, enjoy the show and I just wanted to put my two cents in.
Okay, I appreciate it.
All right.
Okay, 138, those are the opinions, of course, of the car.
We have an open line in Broward, 524, WIOD.
I was going to play this, then I said we had a mobile and I went ahead and put them on, which was, I guess,
I guess, was a good choice, right?
I guess.
I guess.
Oh, God, forgot.
Oh, wait, it takes more calls or no?
Well, what do you think?
We might.
Miami, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
That guy that wrote it and the Miami hurricane about you?
Yeah.
Well, that guy's right, man.
Yeah.
Hey, we want you to face it.
Everybody in this town hates your guts.
Yeah, that's why you're listening to the show right now, right?
That's why this is the number one show in the market because they all hate my guts, right?
Well, I hate you, but I love you as your sense of humor and everything.
Oh, but you hate me personally.
Yeah.
But you like the show.
You're a baguette.
But you like the show.
Yeah.
Okay, that's all right.
We have an open line in date, 7, right?
You don't have to lie.
No, that's all right.
You don't have to lie to me personally.
You like me personally.
As long as you like the show, that's all that counts, okay?
And, you know, just the fact that you happen to be a jackass, we can't help that either.
But as long as you like the show, we love you.
We hate your sin, but we love the sinner.
Let's go to Tamarack, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've never called you before.
There's two points I'd like to make.
First, I'd like to tell you that I support you completely.
Well, then you shouldn't be living in his town because if you listen to the last caller,
sir, nobody in his town supports you.
Well, just be the only one.
Because as a jackass, living in the town doesn't mean the town's no good.
You don't throw the bathwater out with the baby.
Yeah, that's right.
That's what I'm going to say.
I always save that bathwater.
I'm going to come and handle it if you ever need to make it.
Well, there's two points I'd really like to make if you'd allow me to.
I'll take you to the show.
If you don't like that at the Animal's Child Resource Center, they'll really like that.
Go ahead, pal.
Anyway, I really defend your right.
So freedom of expression, and that's guaranteed.
Our God given right under the Constitution of this country.
When we start censoring people in America, and we start losing our freedoms,
too many Americans have died through too many wars to allow Neil Rogers or anybody else
to speak freely.
And they've given their blood for us.
Well, we can get really emotional.
No, no, not trying to get emotional.
You get flurry, but it's a very simple thing.
It's a radio show.
There's nothing going on in this radio show that is illegal in moral,
and I'm not writing that point.
Just a radio show.
It's an effect that there's one individual in a community of four million people
who's attempting to deprive us of the right of doing it.
They're all outrageous and unacceptable.
Okay, Neil, I'm trying to make a point.
I don't disagree with you.
But I'm trying to make a point.
There are people all over the world, including people in America that are trying to take away
freedom of speech and our freedom to live our lifestyle.
As we see fit, we're not imposing that on other people.
And other people don't have the right to tell us how we want to live.
You live your lifestyle the way you want.
That doesn't mean that I don't have respect for you, because I disagree with the way you want to live.
Or that I have less respect for you because you say something that I don't agree with.
This business, and I heard you mentioned it earlier, about this business with the Iatola.
This guy has now put out such a word that the biggest book store in America refuses to sell a book
since when can we allow someone from outside our country to determine inside America
that we have now lost the freedom to read what we want?
Yeah, well, it's something.
It's a kind of a lunacy that's over there in Iran.
You've got in Hellendale trying to do the same thing in our country.
That makes him a very dangerous man.
I know.
I can't allow you to continue making the characterizations with language that you're using number one.
You're getting all carried away number two.
Number three, I wonder where a lot of these people were when I was doing my heavy shows, my serious shows
back in the days of the Reagan right wing witch hunts when they were burning books,
when they had kids burning phonograph records, when the ultra right wing born again,
were involved in the same kinds of things that the Iatol is about.
You see the films of them burning the book, the students throwing the books into the fire?
That's not the thing any different has been going on in this country the last eight years under Reagan.
So where the hell have you people been?
But anyway, moving along, we have an open line in Broward 524 WIOD.
I'm going to caution you about one thing.
If you want to start making slanderous characterizations of anybody,
whether they're friend or foe of this program, I'm going to dump them and I'm just not going to,
you're just not going to be on the air, okay?
Because that's exactly what some people out there would love to see happen.
And that isn't going to happen on this show.
So if you can't control yourselves and have a reasonable conversation without using those kinds of adjectives,
then it's just not going to be on.
Because I can't afford the luxury nor do I want to of that kind of rhetoric going on.
524 WIOD.
You know, we had Boone come in with Siam's doll with Thai food and we had the candy that was sent.
I mean, you know, see it's no matter how many times I say it, it just doesn't stop.
Okay, and I realized that people mean well, but it's just got to stop.
It's got to stop and I had a great talk with Linda and Susan.
Am I losing my mind or what?
Did he say what I think he said?
Deep dish pizza?
Anyway, what was I saying before he came in and started to this kind of thing about deep dish pizza?
I was sure that I could have said.
Yeah, about food.
You know, I keep, we go through this a million different times and it just doesn't do any good.
And I keep trying, it's like unless you just shut off the floodgates entirely,
there's just no stopping it, okay?
So that we just got to shut them.
No more.
The fill I've lost.
All of the weight that I need to lose on the Nutra system,
there's just no more coming to while I'm on the air period.
You'll have to bring your little sandwich, you're on notice, okay?
Your little public sandwich.
You can survive with that no more.
None, zero.
Not exceptions, not a little bit, not a lot.
None.
And I promise I will lock you on here shamelessly and beg for food, at least not very often.
Oh God, here's a U of M. Grange with a former rich kid who sends us a thing.
It says it's a shame that you chose a couple of assholes at the Miami Hurricane Newspapers
and excuse to vent your own anti-UM venom.
Apparently Ron Fraser is the only thing you like about UM.
It's also a shame you're letting all those anti-UM collars out of the closet, so to speak.
It must be a slow day for you.
I mean, U of M. Grange with Hurricane Club member and UM fundraiser.
And don't appreciate you're knocking down everything we've been trying to build up over the years.
UM already has bad image problems without your help.
Ponderous.
I don't mean to be apoplectic, but come on, Jose.
And then after all of this, love you anyway.
Oh, Jose.
Jose didn't even sign his last name, so it becomes totally meaningless, Jose.
It's just another bunch of mong.
But during this whole four hours, we never got one meaningful transmission from University on the banks.
And that's the kind of thing we're getting.
A lot of defensive paranoid response from over there.
And we've had a few reasonable calls.
But basically, the bottom line is that most of them over there are too stupid to understand the point we're trying to make.
They've got no cause.
They've got no cause.
What's going on?
Defensive.
Miami. Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yeah.
I hope that you and the bird have a nice weekend.
You've got ponderous, ponderous week that you had.
Yeah.
The one of the worst.
And as a very chronic listener, but a first time caller, I must tell you that we were several of my friends who are listener, you were anticipating the meeting.
We weren't going up to raise any trouble.
We just wanted to go there and support of you and sit there.
But the reason I called, I want to tell you a blue hair story from Venice, Florida.
That night, they take the dumpsters, the garbage dumpsters, and they have locked them now.
It's brand new.
I've never seen that before and thought that might be of interest to it.
153 at WIV.
They just can't constrain themselves, Kenny.
They just can't try to control themselves.
I don't know.
Just as soon, Philly, here with the sounds the last six minutes.
I even took that sound of the machine.
I mean, Daniel, hello.
Yes, Neil, Glenn, hello.
Hi.
For a demographic, I'm a 32-year-old professional woman.
I love you guys.
You make my face complete.
I look forward to you and I think you're fantastic.
And you know, you serve a purpose.
Guys, make sure.
Yeah, we serve a purpose today, especially in this hour, like a human battery.
I don't serve a purpose in one way or the other, but I really enjoy you.
And it's just a real shame that people have to...
Well, see, I'd like to go back to doing a radio show.
I would very much like to go back to doing what we do every day in some fun and games and playing our bits and doing our stuff.
And I'd have to constantly be bogged down every day.
There's another little brush-fire and another stupid story.
And I'm not just...
I'm not going to do what I've been forced to do for 19 months.
I'm not going to ignore them.
I'm not going to be slandered and be twisted and maligned and distorted in the intent of what we're doing here.
And just sit back and ignore it.
It isn't going to happen.
Well, it takes all time down there.
As long as there are people over there including the upper echelon at the U of M,
who are too spineless to take a firm stand on this and tell us to take a flying leap somewhere and might his own business
until that happens and I'm going to continue to respond.
And Jose can be upset and so can anybody else if they want to, but I don't take any of it back.
The U of M is embarrassing in the lack of involvement in the rest of the community.
They're lack of progressive thinking.
I mean, it's like a neanderthal bastion over there.
Well, I just want to say I respect you.
I think that if they're a problem and unfortunately, you know, if you're a problem at this point too,
but I hope it all works out very well.
Okay, we appreciate it.
Thank you.
Okay, let's go to Boka. Hello.
Hi. I just like to give you a couple of comments on that lawyer, Pell, and I do mean Pell of yours.
First of all, I like to say that with him doing this, especially for 19 months,
shows how insecure he really is about himself.
That's why he can't handle what you or anybody else has to say.
Well, I don't know that, but there certainly must be some reason that just isn't ordinary for anybody to spend almost every waking moment of every day
involved in some kind of a vendetta to try to get somebody off the air.
It's just not the kind of thing that most people, you know, invest their time in.
Oh, I agree. I agree. And I think you should give him hell, Neil.
Okay. Have a good day.
Thank you.
Bye.
156 at WIOD Miami. Hello.
Yeah, hello, Neil.
Yeah.
Hello, Glenn.
Hi.
Hi, Glenn. I'm your big fan of mine.
I am?
Yeah. This is Phoebe.
Yeah, this is Phoebe.
God.
This is my real voice.
Yeah. Well, I always wondered about it, Phoebe.
Now the truth comes out.
I just want to say, you're almost like Billy.
You're almost as good as Billy Tipton.
You've been a fool in the public for a long time.
Not quite.
So we've got a few years to go to catch up with Billy Phoebe.
Listen, Neil, since Glenn, you know, likes me so much and everything,
you think you can get me a job over there with...
Oh, yeah. You can probably be his sidekick.
I like it.
You better than Croc of something that, you know, came in to do the reneerie show.
Oh, dumb-dee.
Oh, Croc of something, dummy.
Well, I'm filming a new movie in Helen Dale that, you know,
I'll let you guys come by and watch, you know, night of the living dead blue hairs.
Part two.
Part two.
Okay, well, congratulations, Phoebe, and say hi to all your friends at the free times high for us, okay?
Pombi, chillo.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing, Neil?
Hey, it's almost over, pal.
I know. Listen, it's over for all of us.
If you go, listen, my son called you this morning from Macon.
Now, should I get upset, or my son called me a douchebag?
No, I think you should be honored.
That's a rare honor on this show.
You better believe it.
Listen, if we can't have a laugh, and these people can't damn relax, what's going on, Neil?
Yeah, what is going on?
What is going on?
That's what Marvin Gaye wanted now.
I just wanted to be able to fight out.
I spoke to him.
He called me last night.
Who's that, Marvin Gaye?
Marvin Gaye, yeah, please.
Boy, that is incredible.
That would make probably current affair and all those other stories.
Inside story.
Marvin Gaye called you last night.
Right, he didn't call for Macon either.
No.
Let me ask one more question.
Is it a call from the same family considered chronic in the same day?
Yes.
So what we can't do this then, right?
No, not never again.
Today we made an exception.
I just wanted to tell you, he really did.
He's got about a thousand kids up there that I send up tapes.
They love your tape.
They love the show.
And, you know, he's so, so what?
So I'm going to do a spag.
I enjoy the show.
Well, that's good.
See what we're doing is just in case things don't work out here.
We're starting to cultivate audiences around the rest of the country.
We'll be big in Macon.
I'm sending another tape up to my daughter who goes to State's Burr.
So we're going to get another legion of fans going up there.
You'll never believe it, but I was there in State's Burr once upon a time.
Two, they have that diner there in State's Burr.
You know the...
Yeah.
Have a New Yorker.
State's Burr, Georgia.
Yeah.
Right outside Savannah.
Yeah, I've been there.
You're kidding.
Now, they got a great football team there.
Well, let's not get carried away.
Okay, you have a good day or whatever.
You don't have a great day and don't let this get you down.
Please.
Okay.
Happy Sunday.
All right, buddy.
So, thankfully, and oh, God is going to do it for us today, boy.
This seemed like only what, 70, 80 hours ago we sat down here this morning.
The water again, thank the people at University.
I'd say the overwhelming majority of the calls we've had from UM students
and the hurricane people have been on a scale of one minus 10 billion.
And what can...
Listen, you don't have to be good in life.
Just be consistent.
And that's what they've been today.
Really consistent, consistently paranoid, insecure, and don't confuse them with the facts.
Speaking of that, Dr. Gilbert Holloway is going to be the guest on the Steve Cain show.
This ought to be really something that will knock your socks off, two to six.
And then at 605, it sports talk until 720 Joe is going to be a mark-light stadium.
Heinkl be at the Miami Arena.
720 to 720, it's count down to the Canes and then WIO D-Night at mark-light stadium.
It's Hurricane Baseball, or Hurricane's in Tennessee.
And Old Watch's name, Mike Rineriel throughout the first ball.
Have a great weekend.
We'll see you on Monday morning at 10 here on 610 WIOD.
