Wow look at Boond just got here from Saiyams down and we got filet mignon shrimp and scallops today boy
That is incredible Thai style. Yeah, this is a little appetizer here. I'm happy for Dianne to show up
We got any napkins. Yeah, of course for the silly question 1053 at W.I.D
I'm Liri of these mobiles because they're probably all
disgruntled valley parkers from the track. Hello
Hey now. Yeah, this mobile's perfect condition here
You're coming in great great. Hey listen now. Who's not his nick on the board today? Not yet Rogers in there
Are you gonna rip Roger now? I'm calling to say these are nice guys. Yes, he is I tell you very very very polite to me
Mm-hmm, and now I just want to ask you over by where you live off of Cleary
They opened up a new did they open up a new Italian restaurant in that complex for you shop at Windixi where the dark lady bothers you
Is there a new restaurant a new Italian restaurant in that complex? I win Dixie
There's a public son Cleary not a wind didn't that public. Yeah, no, I don't there's a restaurant on a corner of that place
I don't know what the name of it is I haven't tried it yet. It's not Italian. It's called I
Can't think of it everybody says it's really good, but I haven't tried yet
Okay, but I don't know about any Italian restaurant over there
But there are new things open in there all the time
It's a new shot strip shopping center
South Florida in our area here because I live over in Inveri
What's a friend's a minor coming in from New York? What's the best Italian restaurant to bring somebody? Lotta Bernetta in
Up in Tamarack by on Mcnaver road by far and away the best best okay
I listen when the end gets in Tom is best friend Tony said hi. Okay. All right now. See you Tony
10 54 at W.I.O. Do you got another mobile in on a Palm Beach line? Hello? Yeah, great
What you don't want to ask who was when you guys eat on the air?
In coherent
Yeah
Yeah, now we don't have to do the EBS test. Thank you sir. You did a nice public service there
Tackeys
It is I thought tackies was a gay bar on Broward Boulevard
Oh khakis with a K. I'm sorry khakis. Yeah, that's right
Is it good? Oh?
He hasn't been there, but he knows what it's called anyway. I guess I'm gonna have to eat with two hands
Which means we'll have to stick the mic back up on the thing here. I don't like doing that. I get very insecure
Very insecure. It's like the old days like the good old days when we used to talk to people who had Nike you over three boy
I remember those days
With fondness
Mm-hmm. Well, if the layman you on here never heard anybody
Mm-hmm
So great we have two thumbs
What the hell did you do today boon you went crazy?
Marco Polo Marco Polo. I remember him I see
Boy, I boon just went nuts today
Look at his he's got all these plates and he's got eight million curry pops and all his
Rice and vegetables and you think he was gonna feed both Chinese armies here today
Wow, yeah, they probably can use the help right now anyway. This is the time
I know it's early. It's not 11 o'clock yet
But now is the time if there are people in the building want some of this great Thai chow
This is the time to do it because otherwise it's gonna go to waste and we're gonna have to throw it out
It's gonna be just a depressing
Okay, Miami. Hello, yeah, um, it's kid tore up for Miami
I got a hot pick for you on the race today at the six the try back to pick
Good luck to you sir. We're not taking any more touts at the track. Okay. Every one of them has been a disaster. Haven't they?
Mm-hmm every time
Yes, even Henry's having a little curry pop
It's the first thing I've ever seen him touch that you couldn't drink
Yeah, mash it up bokeh. Yes, Neil how you doing?
Bokeh on a brow line. This must be a very important call. No, I need a mistake. How you doing great?
I went to oh not listen. I can't eat all that boom. Thank you, but I don't listen don't do it don't do it
He's giving me another bus second plate of food here, sir
Go ahead. I'm sorry. I'm getting emotional. Okay. I went to a you know
You got a certain talk show host in the afternoon there comes on around. I don't know what time he comes on
He's got a certain advertiser a restaurant
Live something I can't remember what it is and I went there a few weeks ago and
1057
See I'm not gonna play that game if Steve wants play that game
It's juvenile and childish will do it with the fondue plays only because it fits in it's a direct. Yeah, it's a very narrow
Kind of thing right I guess, but I'm not gonna play that game
So those are your jackasses out there that think you know if you want to do it on his show
And he lets it go fine and then I'll just rip the crap out of him again tomorrow
But I think it's embarrassing
And then you know and the hypocrisy of it when wings plus brought in at great food yesterday
And he was just coming here practically begging on his hands and knees and licking the table and sucking up his celery and the blue cheese and
Giving fat rich dirty looks because he didn't leave a few of those great garlic wings and then he's like you know
Throwing little size shot at him, okay?
Speaking of shot. This is probably one for you. Hello. Hello. Yeah bird
No bird what how you doing?
Up until now fine
Burr is wanting to know that what if for you and Neil we wouldn't be in shape. We run to you guys every morning. Oh good
Also got a little spider-port for you
Terry was on
The morning to do this morning Terry Maryman. Oh, she's going out with the midday guy over there Doug Dunbar
I guess though. I guess you mean she abandoned Zeta and went on a what is her story? She on all the morning
Yeah, she's no only Zeta's the only one she's ever done. So she went on a competing morning show
Well, she was there with Donna summer. Oh
Now what does this tell us is she's going up against the classic army? I don't know this is shocking. Yeah, what a turn coat
Huh, I want to know that we we've basically you know run every morning and listen to you guys. Oh good
We we wouldn't be in the shape. We're in today
I wonder if you guys are telling okay
Well, be sure you leave all your possessions at home because if somebody gets ripped off it'll be your fault
All right, you guys have a good day you too. All right. Bye. Bye
Okay, boy boon just went bonkers here today, you know, they just went crazy
Anyway, we got Henry Burrow speaking of that standing by with the 11 o'clock WIOD news
We'll come back with our number two at 11 o' 5 Deans gonna be stopping by for a little something from noon to one and
Steve of course this afternoon from two to six with
Oil drilling and the Florida Keys, okay, and I'm gonna go home and just to listen to every word of that
Aren't you
You
La
You can hear the sound of the car
Tennis is on the track's own
The single side is in the car
Yeah, it's been on so far
It's been on so far
It's been on so far
Basement lights and gangway fights
Highest rain flooding all this night
The most empty is a candy car
Yeah, it's been on so far
Oh, and on so far
Oh, I feel so close and get so far
Where are you, little star?
We go, we go, little star
I wonder where you are
Who the hell knows the classic
I've had you like a diamond on the sky
And all I have to know
Grounds is freeing your destiny
Some memory I've played in step 4
It's written on the subway wall
Oh, and on so far
Where are you, little star?
Oh, and on so far
Where are you, little star?
You know I'm not living out of my name
We slowly went our separate ways
Right in the night, there's a song from the cold again
It's been on so far
It's been on so far
Where are you, little star?
Girl, you can't go back
No, you can't go back
Girl, you say it in the end
Yeah
Denny Bird went the other way
Thank God
Anyway, that's written on the subway wall
Little star, and it's Leon from No Franky
With Paul Simon
A lot of interesting people on the album too much
Patty Smith, what?
Patty Smith, Mark Lennon
Keith Scott, Brian Adams on Drive-On Night
Paul Simon, Lou Reed
What do you want, Denny Bird?
What is your story, little Tommy?
What do you want?
What do you want?
Is Arnold coming later?
Great, because Leon's supposed to be here around noon
We're going to feed him and play some of his music
And then Dion Grupe
Oh, Denny Bird's a Dion Grupe
Well, you can come in and you can just make a fool of yourself, Wally
Same with Fat Rich, okay?
Who showed up on Wednesday instead of Thursday this week
But then, of course, he realized Trappers Ali was coming with a big banquet tomorrow
So, probably, we'll have to come back tomorrow
Because we don't want to make his feel lonely on Thursday
Here's a collect call from New York
Hey!
Yeah!
Neil!
What's happening down there?
Oh, man, it's so exciting you wouldn't believe it
We got riots in the streets and we got people giving away $500 bills
Holy cow, it sounds like the big apple
They're doing that up here too
Yes, same old crap
Except the weather sucks
Really? Is it raining there?
It's raining, I've been here for five days, it's raining every day
But is it raining hard, sir?
Everything's hard here, Neil, you know that
No, come on, is it raining? No, it's not, that's a problem with New York
Is it raining hard?
It's raining hard
Good, because I want that game to get rained out tonight
Oh, yes, yes
We don't want good and to have to, we want good and to get all screwed up, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, Neil, I have a spy report
I'm listening to Howard Stern up here
Okay, yeah
I heard all this good reports about him
From who?
You know, from the New Yorkers, of course
Yeah, you hear the good reports about the Metz-2 from the New Yorkers, right?
That's right, that's right
Listen, Bon Jovi and Sam Kennison
blew him away today, blew Howard Stern away today
It's supposed to be, it's a big joke
And this is what the whole show is about
It's supposed to be on the show today
And they just didn't show up
So, that's what's going on up here
Not too much of your statement
Well, that's pretty exciting, I'll tell you that
Unbelievable
Howard will have to do an extra lesbian dilatate this week
Anyhow, I called because I want to be your official New York spy up here
I need to get the bat line, I'm going to be away from Sunny South Florida for about six months
I want to call you
Can I ask you, can I wait a minute?
Sure, when you calm down a minute, stop screaming
It's not the lead followers show
Can I ask you a question?
Yes sir
Why do you need the bat line?
Didn't you get right through here today?
It was amazing, but you know what I did?
I tried on the, what am I on the...
You're on the vocal line
I'm on the vocal line
Palm beaches and lit even now
You can get through on either one of these anytime
Don't give me that crap about the bat line
I want to call you every Wednesday at 12 o'clock
to give you the word of the day, how's that?
Great
During lunch
You're going to be in New York for how long?
Unfortunately, six months
Wow
When I come back down here
Boy, you're going to see a lot of garbage coming going oh six months
I got a nice boat down there, I want to take out the WIOD staff
I just want to say in spite of the fact that it's taking up time from your call
that the coconut milk soup that Boon brought today is the best ever
Is that right?
It is incredible
And I hadn't put a little rice, he brought a whole thing of white rice today
enough to feed both Chinese armies
And this is tremendous today
Listen Neil
The guys here more
I told them all about you
They want to say hello, we got John on the phone here
Is John on the phone?
I am Neil
John, we're those pictures we were supposed to see
What's going on John?
I don't know but I hear you guys are funny down there
We are funny here, if we were up there we wouldn't be too funny
Because we're not, you know, we just don't fit in with the vibes
We don't have a lot of garbage all around us
It's just one of those things, you know
No, it's the ark is great isn't it?
Come on John, be honest
For about five, ten minutes it's terrific
Yeah, that's about it
Yeah, when the sun comes down every couple of months it's terrific
It's about 90 degrees sunny and human here John
So we don't want to make you feel bad, okay?
And don't forget, better days are coming
The Yankees and the Metz both laws last night
We don't want you to feel bad
The Metz are
How about those nicks, huh?
Yeah, that's doing good to
How about those islanders, huh?
How about Phil Esposito?
Well, it just wasn't the year for New York
Listen guys, have a great day
Hey Neil, take it easy
Talk to you next week
Bye
How do you like that?
Very high pressure call
Now you know what they mean by the high intensity in New York
My stomach is churning
You too
Boy
It's either that or I'm eating the soup too fast one or the other
But boy
Anyway, it's time to talk about the only fondue way on it
Hey, you like 26 past 11 at WIOD
Deon is in the building so he'll be up here any second down
Good timing too
Isn't that great just on the heels of all this lunch showing up?
You think it's an accident?
Oh man, this is a little more than I bargained for, isn't it?
What do you mean?
All is food
Oh, yeah, well you asked for it
All it runs?
Well, it's what we asked for but it just you know what it actually shows up
You can relate to things like that
After something that's almost unbelievable and when it actually shows up
You're almost overwhelmed by it?
Have you never had an experience like that?
Mm-hmm
Of course I have
Okay, 26 past 11 at WIOD
Here's a call in Miami
Hello
Hey, uh, what can I say to Rantel to make him get him upset like you do?
I mean, what you know about him, I don't know
To get, what do I know about him?
Yeah, because boy, when you know he, they say you're a name over there man
He goes, uh, bunkers
Does he really?
I'm telling you, I don't know what you know about him but you can really get it
I don't know too much about her to be, I have about him to be on him here
Okay, thank you
Okay, pal, have a good life
Boy, Alice is apoplectic? Huh?
I can't believe that, look at Dion just sliding in here like he's been here all of his life
And he's, he's smelled the lunch downstairs
How you doing, Dion?
Okay, good
Great to see you, boy your album is so great, it's just phenomenal
If we can only get this douche bag next door to play it then we'll really have something going, you know?
Alright
So anyway, what do we start Dion off with?
Because actually the whole purpose of you being here is for lunch
I get that
That's the bird, this is fat rich and that's basically the size of it
All these other people wandering in and out, we don't know who they are
We don't know who they are, they just come in to eat every day, okay?
Now see, you'd never been on a radio show where all of you'd was eaten and get paid for it, haven't you?
Where's the hero sandwiches?
Ha ha ha ha
He wants the hero sandwiches, he wants the...
Where's the stuff from Atlantic City?
Don't you remember White Castle in New York?
Do you remember sure?
You probably used to eat there all the time before he got rich and famous
Give him some of the little royal castle burgers, it'll make him feel like yesterday
When he was poor and broke on the streets
Kind of like he is now in Boca
Did you really used to live in North Bay Village?
No, I lived in North Miami 20 years in the same house
But all my friends moved out and I was lonely
I was in North Miami
Nobody lives in North Miami, how do I know what it would have been?
I did
Long story, me, long story
This is a paradise for Bronx kids, you know?
When you're in that...
Yeah
When I was in playground
I tell you, when I had my first daughter in Bronx, New York City, I was taken...
First daughter?
Door
Ha ha ha ha
You can't tell he's from New York, do I?
I still like him that record.
My favorite line when he says, a Rick Shore, that's my favorite
You know, the accent has gotten worse down here, I don't know why
Because you're all with all the Yorkers down here, that's a problem
I don't know why
Yeah, I was driving this little girl, I mean this, you know, couple of day old kid back
on the cross Bronx expressway and all these trucks were farting in my face
And I mean, it was dirty and all of a sudden I got aware of these little clean lungs
Next, you know, me, I treated myself terrible but this little angel like next to me
I said, I'm getting out of here and I moved down to Miami in 68
And I was, I have three daughters and they were raised in the same house up in North Miami
And it was great neighborhood man, I liked it
One real lot of time, yeah
Yeah
And now you're in Boka?
Yeah
I didn't know, I didn't think I'd like Boka, I tell you the truth, I thought it was gonna be like
We hate Boka, we don't, it's not impersonal, I don't think we can get here, we hate it
Maybe we just don't understand it
You don't know, I moved up there, I didn't expect to like it as much as I do
But the people got great attitude, the people I met, really
So they know who you are?
Yeah, you know, when that, I live in a little unreality, I got it, I bring the best out in people
For some reason, I don't know what it is, it's just, I have a lot of fun up there
But I have some real good friends that we're really open to each other
What if it wouldn't be something if we got good calls on the Boka line while he was here?
Well, because that would prove it, if we can get good calls on the Boka line while you're here
Because we never got a good call in Boka since we've been here, have we?
Maybe one?
Maybe one, probably somebody you know
Pretty cool, yeah, pretty cool
Anyway, your buddy Tony called before it said to say hi, your best buddy
I bet you got a lot of best buddies that'll be calling in
He's probably a friend of somebody who used to be my uncle
Yeah, in the Bronx and like that, you know
Who's got to the same Maudelli?
Who's Tony, Tony who?
I don't know, is the way Owen Munney is probably
He said he knows you and Larry King, something like that
So what is the experience like of seeing yourself on BH1 all the time?
It's just the video runs constantly. What is that sensation like, you know?
You know, it's kind of like the old days, you know
Let me just take you back for a minute
Wait a minute, did you say it takes you back?
You know what it said on the Zeta Billboard?
You haven't been over the Zeta before you came here, are you Dion?
No
It takes you back, I can't believe it. This is an Ojampra Vakatur here
I like to go back
I come from a very, you know, the kind of, I don't know, where do you come from?
Rochester
Okay, well in New York, you know, but upstate
It's kind of like that. I come from like a ghetto section
We've called it a neighborhood. It was an Italian neighborhood
Like the Italians lived on one side of the Bronx Park Zoo
And the Jews lived on the other side and then on the south side with the Puerto Ricans
And then we, you know, I like that
So in my neighborhood, when I got, I was 17, I got my first hit record
And when those records were played on the radio
And somebody said, number one, this week, the wanderer, the whole neighborhood
All their windows were opened and the cars, the cars, the tops were down
The radios were blessed and the whole neighborhood celebrated
They all came out the window at the same time saying,
Fran, they were yelling at my mother through the alleyways
And I, it's not when you're on your son's side
You think he's gonna step on himself?
I said, I don't want to step on yourself, I would have been embarrassing
But it was like a commune now that I, I, I, I, I, I realize it now
It's time now the whole country sees it at the same time, you know
You have videos of a strange thing today, you see music, you know
You know who did the first video? I don't want to show like I'm showing off
But I saw a thing on, Ozzy Nelson created the first video
He did Rick Nelson doing Travelling Man
And he did it like in his basement, you know, with real primitive equipment and everything
And he, he superd all these films of Hawaii in the background and Alaska and so on
That was the first video
Did you learn something? You come here, you come here, you come here, you learn something already
I did one of the first professional videos that they were putting out on the market
It was called the telebox at the time when I did Ruby Baby
Or he's pushing me now, saying
Well, it was, it was about 1962
And they had this, they rented this house
They rented this yet
Rumuubi
Yeah, they rented this jet in France
And I did this whole stick on the plane with 14 stortuses and the champagne
And the, you know, playing the playboy and all
And what this video was, I don't know if you remember it, but they had these
Like television screens on top of the jukeboxes, you threw a quarter in, I remember them down on Times Square
And you wouldn't only hear this song, well at the time it was only a dime
But if you threw a quarter and you'd see the, you'd see your video on top of the TV
Never heard of it
It only lasted, it must have been three months
And so for some reason they pulled it off the market, but I have a couple of those home
Anyway, yes, me a question, I never answered
There's things being played on VH1
And in my house, I don't know if my kids are impressed, you know, but you know, I find myself throwing the channel of VH1
Yeah, they're playing it, you know
I haven't seen it yet, they're playing in heavy rotation
Yeah, I get it all the time
I've seen it
I'm kind of excited about it
Yeah, because I found a guy up in the Pompano has a bunch of old films of the neighborhood
And I nobody had a video or a film, you know, a camera in my neighborhood
Who did, who did, who did, who came out on the streets with the camera?
No one except this guy that I met in Pompano says I got some old films of you driving around on your first Kaiser
And went out of business in 54
I said bring them all
Well that's the same guy, it's got the Rob Lowe films, isn't it?
I think the same guy, yeah
He goes around with everybody
But anyway, in this video on VH1, you see a lot of these old films
Oh, that's what he came up with, we inserted them
Yeah, they're actually on Cretone Avenue and Bronx, New York
Black and white films, yeah, that's right, I remember
I'm telling you, Neil, I'm nervous
Oh, come on, I can't believe it
I'm nervous to buy one
Because I listen to you on radio, a man
I said, you're nervous
I regret it
We got a legend in here, look at this guy, he's got a monster in the industry
And he comes in here with a couple of shleppers like that, and he's nervous
All we do is sit in the air and eat, we get paid for
All right, let me do a little food spot, I know it's unusual on the show that we talk about food
But charade is over right now
Great, what is he talking about?
I think he's catching it from you
It's 1137 at WID, little Tommy, oh wait a minute, I remember that album
Columbia, Donna the Primadonna
Right? I remember it was just yesterday
It was a song about my sister, she hasn't turned, she hasn't changed at all
We got it all in here, when did you ever see an AM station play a music like this, huh?
Not these days
Not anymore, not the old days, yeah
You used to do that stuff in New York with Murray, the K and all those guys
Way back when before we were born most of us
Sonny Fox called, how do you like that?
What does Sonny want? Sonny coherent today?
What does he want? Is he on the phone?
Is he on the phone? No
Not on the phone, I thought Sonny would want to talk to Dion
You would think
He couldn't hold on to the phone along, he dropped it on the floor with Grandma Boone
Okay, thank for calling Sonny, nice to hearing from you
Anyway, if there are people who want to talk to Dion and just take a lot over and make him feel more comfortable
Because he's nervous as a packer
I don't understand why
Now I want to ask you seriously about this album, is it getting played?
I mean, you keep telling me it's on VH1 all the time
I don't watch VH1, but I'm going to start, so I can see it
The album is sensational, and I'm not just saying that because you're here
In fact, the first day that I played it, John Hambrick, who does the news on Channel 4, you know, Johnny's the news anchor on 4
He was in New York for a long time
Called in and he said, I got to know the name of that album, he said, what is it?
I'm going to go over to specs right now and buy it
And I said the name of the album is Yo Frank, he gets Dion's new album
Then the next day Gordon Stevens, who used to be on Channel 4 for about 100 years called in
And with the same thing, he said, it's the best album I've heard in here, I got to get the name of it
Well, you're the only guy playing it
Yeah, I don't understand that
But VH1's helping out a lot, I mean
But why aren't the stations planted?
Is because you haven't been around for so long?
I think it's a lot of what you've been talking about, they got the computers and they wait
Everybody's afraid to love it
This put your neck through this bill lies over at ETR, man
This is right up their alley, they should have this stuff on right now
Everybody talks rock and roll, but you are a real rock and roll disjunking
There's not many left
And I mean, the guys that take a step out on a little risk
Oh, a little gut feeling
And some balls is what you're trying to use to do in the old days
Well, that's rock and roll
That's pretty pathetic that these guys want to play at that
Yeah, I mean, you know
Now, I'm curious, you know, maybe I'm naive, but I don't understand like how these sessions come about
Where you get all these incredible people on the same album
You got Brian Adams, which that's a great cut by the way, drive all night
That's one that they're all great, but that's tremendous
And Paul Simon is on there on, written on the subway wall
And you got Lou Reed, Patty Smith, Mark Lennon, Keith Scott
Where do you drum up all these people to do a session?
Well, I tell you, I was at the rock and roll Hall of Fame induction ceremonies
Before the ceremonies even got started
I was in the middle of the album that week
And Paul Simon came up to me at the dinner
Or right before the ceremony got started and he said, Deon, I hear you doing an album
I'd love to be a part of it if you got anything for me to do, give me a, I said, glad you asked
So he said, well, I have Saturday available, I'll come down so the whole day was, he came in
And you know, I had this song, I had the whole vocal done
Finished and everything, but that little star, the little segment in the middle
Slow down, Paul Simon came in, I just thought it would be a perfect part for him
And when he did come in to the session, it was very interesting because this guy is very versed in Duwap
He grew up with it, so he not only sang the lead on the song
He did all the backgrounds to himself, he did a five-part harmony background to himself
And he spent some time and it was wonderful
And I had one of my daughters at the session
And, gosh, he's never been out of Miami so she, when he came into the control room, she said,
You have a video out with what's his name?
And he said, Chevy Chase, she said, and you have a very popular album out, what's it called?
He said, Graceland, she said, you're a very popular singer, what's your name?
He said, Paul Simon, she said, right, all you have such a sweet boy, he took it in a good spirit
Yeah, because she's great, he's terrific
Well, he was, I just felt, you know, it's stuff like that that makes you feel good
But that's why it's such a shame that people aren't playing this stuff because it's not just you
Which you do a great job on every cut, but you've got all these like legends like Paul Simon on there
Which is a one and a million thing to get you guys together on this
And it's an, and every cut on here brings something back
You know, you mentioned that before about taking you back
Every cut on here like on Yo Frank, he isn't that the one where it starts out like the wanderer with the same stuff
Every cut has got a little bit of something like this has got a little star by the elegance
It's got that little part in there that Paul Simon doesn't
And in every cut you find a little something that's a throwback to those good old days
And it's interesting because it's an 80's album
But a lot of elements of my music are my music is
Is black music filtered through an Italian neighborhood that came out with an attitude
In fact, in fact, it's a funny thing today they would call it fusion, but at the time
Like I told you about this Jewish neighborhood on the other side of Bronzoo
I went, I was passing by a synagogue when I was about 19, 20 years old
And I heard all this like ethereal music coming out
So I went in there and I met this can't his name was Cantor Rosembliss
You know something this is incredible, you know why I'm not making this up
But when I listened to a couple of the cuts I said Dion should have been a canter
And I could hear you trying these great Hebrew melodies
Because you've got that certain lill, certain quality in your voice that I hear in canters
I'm going to tell you where it comes from
I didn't know it until like today when I look back
At the elements that got into my music it's really, it's funny
I met this guy Cantor Rosembliss
His father was the original jazz singer in the canter in the jazz singer with Joseph
So he's playing the oldest father's records and I hear this, you know that's the...
So I went home, I mean I fell in love with this stuff, he gave me a handful of albums
And I started playing this stuff and I wrote songs like Little Diane
Going to cry and all these songs that...
The minor kind of influence, that kind of chanting
So what happened, I guess it's Jewish rock and roll
But maybe today they would call it fusion
That's why Bill Wise won't put on Jewish rock and roll
Anyway there's a mobile on here from the soft floor to group harmony association
Yeah, how you doing Andy Elisiduke?
Yeah
Yo, Diane, what's happening?
Hello Duke
How you doing? We really loved you when you came to our meeting
Your an official member of our club and love to have you come back
I just want to say God bless you for keeping the do-op alive even though it's 1980 stuff
Now how many association and that...
At Memories, Lounge and Miramar
Well tell you why I appreciate you guys
A bunch of guys got up there and sang from their hearts
They didn't care about entertaining
Man they just...
That's what it's all about, we go out in the back and just a couple of four or five guys gets together
And picks a couple of songs and outcome some beautiful music
Well I loved the way they presented it because it was the way I remember it
And the way I still am, see...
Let me tell you a story
These guys, you remember Shana and I, they came out and they all said
I became friendly with a couple of those guys
I think they should shoot all of them, really
Because that was the worst insult to my younger years that I ever saw
To me it was that kind of stuff that made me stop doing my records
Because I hated the way it was presented, it looked like a cartoon
When I was a kid and I was on a corner, that music was so much a part of me
And meant so much to me
And that was...
It's an ill insult to my younger years when I see these people get...
I have a mic now so I'm going to tell everybody
But it was an insult to my younger years to see these people goofing on themselves
And presenting it like it was...
Even though it's simple music, I don't like goofing on it, I take it really serious
So when I went up to the...
Your meeting there, you did a good job with it, I really appreciate it at there
Well we're looking forward to having you come back and doing some of your new stuff
And just a quick little story, I was in Dateland Shopping Center last week looking for your album
And I went into this place called Record Land
And I asked the young man behind the counter and I said where's your record department?
He goes, there's a couple of racks left in the back, everything's CD
And I asked him if he had Yo Franky Deon's new album and he says, who is that?
And he's looking through the catalog trying to find your name, I said forget about it, I'm going somewhere else
The man has no taste
I mean it's a surprise, go over to stay away from that, go over to specs, they got plenty of work to do
Where I went, there was no problem, there was no problem
Deon, God bless you, look forward to having you come back to our group hominist association meeting
Have a good day, all right take care
Thanks Duke, 1147 at WIODD Honest here, what is 7?
Because I want to put on any of these calls that are like really pertinent, see 7 question mark, there's nothing on 7 there, Roger
Oh Veggie, Veggie
Oh yeah, now we're going to give you a chance, okay, this is one of your neighbors in Boko, and our chronic callers
Yes, how you doing?
Ordinarily we wouldn't put Veggie on, but since he and Deon both live in Boko, we want to prove that there may be hope after all, okay?
Deon, I'm a nice guy, don't miss any of them
I can't be here to redeem yourself Veg
Yeah, I just call it so your album is excellent and I'm glad that Neil played it because he turned me on to it, Deon
Thanks
I played all the time, I taped it, I played in my car, I played at the house, and it's great even to have you as a neighbor in Boko, even though I never seen him Boko before
Yeah, well he's going to tell you where he shops at during the show, so everybody can chase him around and win Dixie, you know, and get his autograph and follow him up and down the aisles
Yeah, I would be real pain in the ass
All right Deon, listen take care and enjoy your lunch, and thanks for letting me go on
Great call, Veg, best ever, okay? Thank you, he redeemed himself, I believe it wasn't great, but for him that was sensational
Is that like he's supposed to be on good behavior?
Yeah, he's on the work release right now
We got a lot of callers like that
Okay, we got anybody else, and these people all want to talk to Deon, right? Is that correct? Hollywood, hello?
Hello?
Yeah
Hi, I was on before Deon got there, so I had a couple things to say
Well we don't care about those, sir
Okay, wait, wait
You want to talk to Deon?
Yeah, I agree with you
Because if not he's going to come over to your house and punch you in a nose, sir
I remember Deon back when the Wanderer first came out, it'd be a great time to roll his skate, too
So now you get in the feel of our crowd
Now he realizes that this is quite as awesome as he thought it was, okay?
You feel better now?
Yeah, I've rolled a skate into that, man
Sure, to the Wanderer
In fact, I noticed that Rich had his skate saw before when I put on just a few bars of it, he was just on the verge
And I said you're skating on thin ice, Rich
I was going to say great to punch, is that Deon provocateur?
Yeah, okay, sir, great call
You're not as nervous now, are you?
No, he's not, he realizes that's true
That's true to you of these minor consequences, you know
It's 11 before noon at WIOD, we're going to take a little break here, then we'll come back with some more of these very important calls for Deon
And listen, what do you expect?
There are a bunch of goofballs out there, okay? That's the world today
But you know, really, the music in the early 60s, I guess everything is relative to when you were growing up
And he's not paying any attention to what I'm saying, he's like in the twilight zone
But that was like a whole thing, it was a once in a lifetime thing
That's never going to come back
We're ever going to go through that again
I mean, today you've got all these plastic groups and all these freak-out groups
And everything is like cosmetic, everything's on video before it's even on record or on compact disc
It's hard for like second, third, fourth generation rock and rollers or you know, the kids today to appreciate
Or it's difficult for them to understand the time when there were no expectations, no rules
They didn't have all these computers, there was guys like you around playing what they liked and saying what they liked
And not to mention there were no monitors and we didn't get paid and the rest of it
But you know, a lot of people don't, you see the world was a lot smaller than I went on tour with Buddy Holly
Who was from Lubbid, Texas and Richie Valance, who was from the bodyo in the San Fernando Valley
Were you supposed to be on that plane?
I think, well they asked me to be on it
Yeah, but that's another story
The thing that I was trying to bring out is that at the time the world was a lot smaller than they had jets
So when we started this tour together, it was just all these different cultures and all the different kinds of music
And nobody came from the south and I came from an Italian neighborhood in the Bronx
So I would tell them stories about Joey Bones and Frankie Young-Kiunk and you know, he'd laugh like crazy
But you know, see in my neighborhood in the 50s, if you carried a gun, you were a gangster
When I got on tour with Buddy Holly, this guy had a gun, he had a shoulder host and I said, what the hell are you doing with a gun?
He says, nobody's going to take my money
So I said, well you know, it was peculiar to me but then like I was very sheltered, I didn't know I was never out of the Bronx
Brooklyn was like a foreign world to me
So today I know everybody in Texas carries a gun, they mount them on the back of their trucks, you don't do that in the Bronx
So you know, it was a strange thing, it was kind of opening my world to get out of there for all
Again, now we understand why he came to Miami, you could feel at home because everybody had two or three guns in Miami
Okay, it's nine minutes till noon at WIID, if you're a big guy, we don't want to look at it
1155 at WIID, Dion is with us and we got a real celebrity caller on the bat line now, a gentleman who has great taste
Are you talking about me?
Who else, John Hambrick? You just mentioned your name, John, your ears must be burning
I just wanted to, when I heard that Dion was on with you, after a couple of weeks go, a couple of three weeks go, when you first played the album
Or the written on the subway walls cut, I went out and bought the album that afternoon
And I just had to tell you, I think this is the best album of the year so far
Yeah, I agree
I was out at, I have a ranch out in Texas, a small farm, just a cracker box operation
And my son is in college in Texas, and he's a fine jazz guitarist
And he plays rock and roll as well, I mean, he's just an all-around guitarist, a real fine musician
And I asked him if he'd heard this album, he said, no, well I had brought the CD with me
And I played it for him, and he then took it back to school to all of his buddies
And they are crazy about this album
So despite the fact that I heard you guys sing that it's not getting a lot of airplay here in South Florida
And I agree, I haven't heard it played here, I play it all the time, but I did hear it played twice, tell us
You know the truth of the matter is that they haven't released a single yet
No, they're releasing a single June 26th, so I'm...
What cut, what will be the single?
They're releasing a song on a call then The Night's The Still
I did a video with Patty Smite who sings on that
And Phil Speck the Fluent from England to be in it
And I got a lot of cameo guys like Barry Levinson and did Rain Man
He came by and Ruben Blades, just some friends from California
It was a fun video because I get a chance now, I get all the people I like
I'm doing a video, come on, it's a chance to have some fun and get something done
So he would happen with that, I'm excited because...
I really truly mean this, I'm not just saying it, of course it's just reflecting my individual taste
But I don't think there's a bad cut on that album
That's correct, you make it, it feels correct
No, it's true, most albums are rip-off because you go out and there are one or two really good cuts
And maybe the single which is a hit, and the rest of them are like filler
On almost every album you buy, this album has got everyone as a knockout
But you don't know the truth
It's essentially a theme album, despite the fact that you deal with various subjects
I think it's a beautiful blend of great lyrical imagery with contemporary arrangements
But the traditional progressions that I think you guys kind of pointed out, I'm saying it in a different way than the perhaps you guys did
It is not just one song but the entire album that just comes off
Well that makes me feel good because I really worked hard on it
I'll tell you the truth, Clive Davis came over to me, he saw a concert that I did and he said, Dion, you're singing better than ever
We feel you have a lot to say, well you're making album for us and I said I will
If I could make it in the tradition of the wander and run around Sue, I like writing about strong characters from the neighborhood
So I did things like Yo Franky and King of the New York streets
And I got a lot of help from a lyricist down here, his name is Bill Tuuy
You didn't write all the lyrics to this?
Some of the songs were good, but I have my partner in crime day, we work together on it
But what I wanted to say is I put a year into the writing of a lot of songs and I cut back to about seven
So I thought here I have a shot at bat, let me just relax and take a good cut at it
But I didn't take it lightly, I really worked hard at it and I had a good time doing it, I'll tell you
I'm glad that you said that, that you like all the cuts because I really gave it a lot of thought
And really took quiet walks on the beach and said, man I want every song to, I want to have a passion to sing it
Because it's got to get me to the airport and on the road, I don't like to leave home, I'll tell you right now
So I wanted something on the album to get me out of the house to sing, really, this is the truth
Well you did it, John, good hearing from you
Okay, you have great taste
I think it's a terrific album, thank you John
Thanks a lot
Okay, that's John Hamburg from Channel 4 who has excellent taste as we already know, Deans here
He's gonna hang around in the other half hour, whatever will feed you a little more food or whatever
And to replace some of the cuts, you've got at least four singles on the album that I can see already
If that's gonna be the first, you've got three more guaranteed
April Wartham has the new NYOD news, we're gonna come back with Deon at 1205 and Steve with his oil
With his schmutz drilling in the Florida Keys at two o'clock
You
