Talk about perfect.
Yeah, I thought it was perfect.
By the way, I just want to make a comment for our friends next to our channel 7.
I know it's a long walk.
They are. I got to be honest when they invented the word douchebag.
They must have been looking as somebody who works next to her.
Not Sally, all of which she screams a lot.
Wow.
You might want to sing it.
No, it's for no, don't worry.
Be happy.
Yeah, that kind of fits in with everything because Hamburg is going to channel 6.
We are just tickled about the game.
But it's the pleases punch as Hubert would have said.
Hubert's coming in a little later on with Lou Gehrig, so I'll probably say that again.
What is it?
Hey, listen, a lot of these people are making a comeback now.
President Grant is going to be on the show on Renere Show with Henry Drinking on Monday morning.
It ought to be great and expanded Drinking report.
Yeah, they are going to have a little chugging contest on the year.
Great.
But anyway, Hamburg is going to channel 6 very soon.
I have a feeling they are going to let him go.
In other words, they don't know that they did not do it.
Not be on the game.
Also, some other information that obviously was blown away out of proportion.
I'm just going to tell you right up front and I'm sure I'll have to say it later on.
And Stan will tell you the same thing.
We can't discuss it.
Okay.
In any way, shape or form.
And there's nothing more for us to say.
But we can't discuss it.
Period.
That's right.
Period.
No exceptions, no ifs buts are in.
So rather than have a lot of you waste your time, that's where we are.
So anyway, life goes on.
And, um,
Pompano Park.
It's, I last night I was up there practicing plunging my guts out for the big night tonight.
A fat rich night, both were up there practicing.
We had an excellent practice round.
Plunged our guts out.
And tonight is the big night.
Brears Crown Night at Pompano Park.
And I saw Stan Birgstein up there wandering around kind of like a lost step child last night.
And I want to go up and say hi and introduce myself.
But I don't, I just don't like doing that.
You know, like, you know what I mean?
Do you do that?
You walk up to somebody that you'd like to meet depends.
Well, I know when Giselle Fernandez comes up, Stan's show is like, I know him.
Now that'll be timely too, because Hamburg is going over to Channel 6.
I hope, and I hope Dick Lowe's always listening, okay?
I hope that everybody who enjoyed Hamburg on four will watch him on six.
I will.
And then like twice that many more.
I hope they stick it to four is so good, because they just don't know what they're doing.
They don't know what they're doing.
In fact, see how that ties in.
Remember that great campaign?
Oh, man.
I forgot.
Yeah.
When Susan was doing a Kazzazki and sitting around like a cradle there.
Oh, man.
That was embarrassing.
So those of you who can pick up Channel 6, it'll be great.
Hamburg's going to be on there and that'll be in about a month.
And I wish him the very best.
He's a great guy, super guy and an excellent anchor.
And of course not an anchor like Ann.
When you're as big as Ann is, man, you could anchor the Queen Mary, but that's another story.
Is that what they call them, anchors?
Oh, brother.
They can tie her to the entire naval fleet and just to never budge in.
Well, she's the dean.
The dean.
The Florida town.
Is it the dean or the deaness?
Well, deemess?
Deemess.
Deemess.
Deemess.
Well, I'm not going to touch that.
1009 at WIOJ.
It's a great Friday.
We got paid yesterday.
We want to thank publics.
Of course, every Monday in Friday brings reinary food.
And since he was out of town today, I'm doing a show from Disney World.
We've got it all here.
And also the people from where though, now I'm not really sure where those people from Max's place.
I don't, you have to ask Mr. Barrow that Henry had in here.
Boy, Henry had quite a session in this studio.
I've never seen him.
Even when we're in here, we never mess it up like this.
But it's okay, Henry.
Somebody will come in and eat it.
In fact, it riches in the neighborhood and wants to eat his sorrows away.
I don't want to, I'm doing the influence him.
But man, there's a lot of food.
Yeah.
And shells is coming later with our food.
I can't wait for that chowder.
Oh, God.
I'm such a great mood for clam chowder.
Anyway, I got the program for tonight for Pompo'no for the Abrivers Crown.
Is my favorite, Jackie?
Or driver.
Is he driving tonight?
Who's that?
You know who's he?
No, he's not driving tonight.
I can't say it, I have to.
I watched that race on the replay last night and he won just like a champion
and Jeff Gregory was second.
In fact, that's the only thing I had last night in the first race, Gregory, came second.
From way behind, couldn't get out, finally got out and finished second.
I had a nice perfect end.
I was ahead, a few bucks.
But it didn't last too long.
Anyway, I wonder in this program if they have the charts, I guess not.
They should be in here somewhere, the charts from all they must have, they made this up early.
They made it up early.
And a great part about tonight's program at Pompo'no for Abrivers Crown.
In every one of the breeder's crown races, they have a page next to it where they have a run down on each horse in the race with some comments and some little tips there.
So anyway, we're looking forward to that Bill Cauter and I will be up there plunging our brains out tonight.
Rumor has it that we're going to be sitting at the table with Mr. Moreno and his wife.
Am I spodadios crest?
I mean, this is the Dolphin station, you better be friends.
Oh boy, I'm impressed.
That's incredible.
Lucky number 13.
Lucky, isn't that a radio station?
Lucky number 13 used to be.
Well, I guess it's still there.
I'm lucky 13.
I can't hear it.
Anyway, nobody else can either.
12 minutes after 10, a WIO.
