Okay, that was great. 5.60 W2 AM, I'm Bill Calder and nice to be with you this morning.
Hope everybody's okay and we're going to go right to the phone.
We've got some calls on hold. I can't believe it. It's wonderful.
I'm online one. What do we have a surprise? Calder? Is that what they said?
Oh boy. Keep your hand on the dump button.
Steve, Steve, read my lips. Keep your hand on the dump button. Good boy.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Good morning, Bill. Good morning. How are you?
Fine, thank you. Bill? Yes. How's New Orleans? How is it? How far is New Orleans?
How is New Orleans? Yes. Phil Kabasi. Oh? Hello. Phil Kabasi. What's that?
Okay, well, I just take it a guess. Okay, could you put me in hold?
Would you hold? Yes. What do you want to hear the show? No, no. I have a radio. That's what it's for.
Who is this? Oh, come on, Bill. Wake up. Do you know who it is, Steve? You don't know. Okay.
I'll wait for you while you play a song. You wait for me while I play a song? Play a song, please. I sing one.
No, I can't. I won't be able to talk. You mean off the air? Yes.
No, I can't do that. Oh, yes, you can. Bill? What? Well, Bill, Bill. Yes, you. Bill, Bill.
I wrote you a letter while you were playing in New Orleans. You wrote me a letter while I was in New Orleans? Yes.
I'm on work. I'm on, I'm on leave. Intent. You're on leave? Yes. What, like a work release program? No, no, no.
A vacation. From where? From the Middle East. There you go. Well, I am really...
Are you still don't know? No, I do. Come on, call her. Hey, listen, I'll just...
Okay, now have you got it? No. You're still don't know. I have no idea who it is. No, you're kidding me, of course.
Yeah, give you a clue. You already give you another clue because I'm sure we're boring. You're...
You're... You're many listeners. All that... That's seven of them?
Hello. I'm going to hang up on you if you're going to do that to me. If you don't embarrass me.
No, I'm not trying to embarrass you. Oh my God, I don't believe this. There you go.
Oh, I hope Neal is listening. No, he's not listening. Where is he at? Where is he at?
Oh my God. He doesn't know I'm reformed. So that's the whole thing I called him up yesterday and he was totally out of it.
Did he hang up on you? No, he didn't hang up on me. I said, what am I coming to visit?
Does that plant to visit him? Whether he likes it or not. Oh my God.
How do I get to QAM to say hello before I leave? Where are you going? I'm leaving on the 12th of September.
Well, we can't have any visitor. We're not set up for visitors until after the 13th.
Ah, that's funny. That's a good one. How do I sound?
You sound wonderful in the music because even better.
This is... Isn't this weird? Don't give your name.
No, I don't. Please don't say who this is either. I wouldn't... I wouldn't even attempt to...
That's right. I've backed up. Well, that's incredible. Are you going to come by and see me someday?
Yes, I want to do that. I want to have a chance to because I haven't and like how long have I been... been... been...
...busing your show for? Yes, and yes. Yes.
...on believable. Yes, and yes. Ever since you were all over the place.
Did you get... Did you get on Neal's show? Yeah, but took it. It took too long, too long.
And what did he do? Hang up on you? No, he didn't hang up on me. I said hello, Neal.
I want you to... Did he recognize your voice? Yes, after... after... Well, it's... I started out like Minan.
I said hello, Neal. I said, how are you? And he says, well, by the sound of this cause getting kind of boring.
I go, well, that's because he don't know if you don't recognize the voice. He goes, oh, it sounds like somebody from Kendall.
Oh, I said right. I said, one, can I visit? And he says, never. I said, why not?
And he goes, the voice has changed. What have they done? How it's made giving you an operation? Yeah, that's right. That's what I was going to say, man.
No, you want to say that? No, he's already said it. I don't want to write on his cotail.
All right, listen, I got to run. Call me now, okay? I will. Okay, there he goes.
Miss Freakolor. Well, Roger's here as that. I'm going to be in so much trouble. But he put him on the air. What the hell?
Chris, okay, you're on WQAM. Chris. Yes, good morning, Bill. QAM welcomes you with open arms.
Oh, well, that's so nice of you. Well, we, we go a step further. As a matter of fact, where am I at the coffee or?
Thank you.
Oh, okay. All right. Okay. Listen, Bill, what time are you going to be at the base tonight tomorrow?
From a guy who has been booked to sing, oh, promise me in Lithuanian at Larry King's wedding.
A guy called us from West Palm Beach. His name is Larry Barronov.
For Hoki football. That was an incredible call. I wish everybody could have heard it.
But listen, you can't, you can't, if you just have to go with what you have, right? Okay.
Now, Bob Harnes just standing by.
Now, I'm, you know, I'm putting this stuff in there. I'm taking my life in my hands. I'm putting this in a machine without having heard it.
The birds of wire. The birds of wire.
Okay. 10.07 at WID. Yeah, the bird is really making noise. I'll tell you that.
I got a couple of calls at home yesterday. A couple of frantic calls with some more bird spottings and sightings.
And what can I say? What can I tell you? Anyway, Alex Bennett is going to be here next week to do this show.
I have no idea who that is. Everybody else in a business seems to know who that is.
Okay. So he must be very famous and really great.
And he got fired at KITS in San Francisco. And it says his sudden departure from kids has caused quite a stir in the market, et cetera, et cetera.
So he's going to be here next week with the bird. I understand. And then of course, when I come back the following week, then we'll take care of that problem.
Okay. Anyway, it's 10.07 at WID. A Michael Putney of Channel 4. We certainly want to waste good luck too.
Heidi overpaid a great guy, but evidently very much overpaid. I want to say it.
I don't give any numbers in here. Well, Steve will probably come on and tell you how much Michael is going to make.
Steve likes to talk about how much people in the business are making. But Michael Putney is going to Channel 10.
And it's kind of like what they do over at WS News. I'm not trying to relate to talent because that would be a shot at Michael.
But I'm just talking to these revolving chairs that they've got in the market. How one day, one guy is one station and one anchor woman is another.
And they just keep revolving around and around like a deck of cards.
So Michael's going over to be an anchor, I guess, at Channel 10 in February, no less.
This is only August, still. He's going there in February. I wonder what that means.
Is he still going to be on four between now and then? And every time you look on there, you're going to think you're watching Channel 10.
I heard all about Larry Barron office morning on the Build Calder Show and I was just driving off the road.
Nobody understands what that means except me. So I'm glad that the bill has got somebody in the audience who's understanding
that some of that bizarre humor that was I just about when I also heard a call on that show this morning.
You know, it takes more than just changing your voice. Okay. This is a little message to one of our friends in Kendall who called here yesterday.
And is back briefly we hope it takes more than just changing your voice to show a, you know, a certain degree of maturity.
One of the things that certainly would help would be kind of diminishing your obsession with radio and with radio personalities and with being a groupie and call...
I mean, that was such a boring call this morning that I can hear it was almost as bad as Bob Martin. Okay. Same genre, I think.
But what can I say? Okay. Nine minutes after 10. We're here to kill four hours before I go on vacation again.
And then Steve has got open phones this afternoon and we have...
Oh, I didn't even realize we got the game tonight. This is really bizarre. I didn't even realize that.
We must not have done a great job of promoting it this week because I didn't know about that. The Dolphin Express had six.
And the special multi-hour NFL edition of Sports Talk following the game. The Dolphins at the Redskins with kickoff at eight o'clock.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.Yes under the trek. I want you to wait on the trek. So I just ... you're waiting on your trek. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Well, it is very easy indeed. Well, they are still great... Yes. Thank you. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. I want you to wait on the trek. так. Well, now stop waiting for the trek are you waiting. Yes. Yes. Yes. Well, you can wait on the trek. Yes. I want you to wait for the trek. Yes. Yes. Yes. So I thought I couldn't stop behind chat for a minute. Well, it sure, nice
seen you well yeah I bet there's a reason Alex Bennett's going to be here next
week to work with you yes I know but that's not what I came by to talk about
oh well can I do a break now first of course because I'm sure this is going to
take yes yes a great deal this is called the Allo by portion of the show and
it ought to be very exciting yes and I've been reading just all these emergency
calls at the house you to even Capri to call from out of town yesterday from
Seattle again and I said hey I'm on the other line with an important call
although he threatened to call here today I'm not threatened but he promised to
call on the bat line I have no idea what he wants oh good I have something to
tell him may not be while you're here if you have to go to the track anyway
it's 11 past 10 boy what a what a great surprise huh boy this ought to be the
beginning of a really 12 day okay let's take that first break Roger when we
come back at ought to start really heating up to my other words these people didn't
tell you what we were talking about well they said yeah they told me one thing
now who were these people anybody well no no good friend of yours called on
to show the other day but who is that just a minute I want to get the card out
oh yes I know about this I was told about this to during the war yeah yeah boy
those inches really were out there unbelievable people are really talking yeah
people are really talking I don't know about what because I don't understand
what I have done and I would like to address the issues I notice nothing has
changed you still can't find in a car well I'll find it all right you're really
searching trust me okay all right here we go
hi it really is I re-writied
hmm one of the legends in the market that's correct now they said that one of
your complaints maybe the biggest complaint this is what the main thrust of what
they finally told me was that I did not attend the remote on Wednesday is this
the all I want because this was the week that you were going to be gone and you had
made these specific plan remember that yes they are the plans that you used as
usual to know excuse my vacation well yeah so I know Marco is booked up for
heavily this time of the year that this week what are you talking this is the
week they told me to go on vacation they told you oh now wait a minute boy it's
no no no wait they stay king shovel please no I have said told you to go on
vacation this week let me clarify this boy Gary was just a smoking at the
years about what about what about the fact that you first of all when we went to
Chicago you give him a lot of crap about that and then this week when we had
that big thing at the bizarre where we had a great turnout even without you it was
shocking we had a great turnout and you pulled the same trick again
it's not a true I want to give you advanced notice on the 13th of September
listen we're doing a I should say I'm doing a remote at
specs in North Miami at 124th in Biscayne which is only up the road away
no problem over in fact it's not far from Arnold's I'm no problem that's in Miami
let me say this and I've said this North Miami okay I've said this over and over
and over and I'm going to continue to say it until it finally I guess registered I've
said this and now what I'm going to do is that we had all these sightings these
bird sightings coming in I've been in and out of town Jimmy's yeah I've been in
out of town magic 102.7 I visited some friends and on Tuesday no less
uh power 96 I think it was I stopped by to have dinner with a friend of mine
is that okay well I guess while I was sitting with you and that remote all by myself
with Johnny dark filling his fat face on one side in that rich filling his even
fatter face let me say this again I've said this on and off the air I'm going to say it again
in March bill wise pushed and pushed and pushed me to get my vacation weeks to register them
with Yolanda remember her in March I remember Yolanda that got squeezed out so that
boy Gary could bring his body in March and also who had I picked the memos in
out two weeks which could have been one of the I picked things in the history of broadcast
yes I really tacky in March I picked two weeks out of a hat at random you picked him out
of a hat virtually wrong would you like me to tell the true story about this I picked the weeks
that I was going okay as usual the week following when I go okay that's correct correct in two
of my three vacations thanks in part to the sales department and also thanks in part to the lawyers
in the courts and all this ongoing insanity with the as a friend um I changed two of the three weeks
my week stayed the weeks I picked in March stayed now the first week so in other words you can't
change is that what you're saying don't saying that there was no reason to say I mean if you can't
change no one asked me to change they didn't ask you about going to Chicago no they asked well he told
me about the remote the birds of Lyre I went home I checked the dates I went back and I said I'm
going to be gone on vacation they said fine now that Chicago remote was decided the date on while
you were in Europe I picked this week in March now this week they they said they came to me and they
said we have a remote August whatever it was I went home I checked twenty-eighths twenty-third I
went home I checked the dates and I I should have brought the paper and you were over at magic
schmuzing around with Joe Johnson no it was not that day was the day before I was at magic oh the day
were at power 96 same day schmuzing around to some radio yentos over there yeah I stopped by to
visit some friends I thought it was okay I thought it was allowed in this station you were on
another station which even made it's like I'm working rubbing salt into the wound no it isn't
something it was my vacation related to I wasn't working it was my vacation I always did now you
told me something in June and if you rack your memory you may remember you told me the birds of
Lyre that when I go on vacation I should go and I should forget about work and I should have a
wonderful time I shouldn't worry about anything so that's what I did this week I went I had a
wonderful time I totally forgot about w i o d which is what you told me to do I did not even
realize it was Wednesday you want another truth I did not think anything about work you
didn't realize what was when I didn't even realize it was Wednesday or there was any room I didn't
think about this place I I did not listen to the show I've been out of touch I did what you
told me to do I went on my vacation and now because I do what you do I hear that you're on
the you're saying horrible things about not horrible things true things what true things that you
shine this again when we desperately needed you to be there we have a part of the show you
shine this and shows rather I mean if you'd have been over in Marco enjoying the sunshine and
relaxing and being oblivious to what's going on anybody could understand that anybody could relate
to that I I did not think here like within a stone's throw I was in Kendall's are I was in
Kendall I'm gonna go oh I'm gonna go to Fort Lauderdale and work on my vacation week do you do
that kind of thing on your vacation week but sometimes for example the reason I didn't take
two weeks to go off was because of the litigation that's going on to go to court the reason I didn't
take this week off was because we had the remote no the bizarre nobody said anything to me about
let me say it again now could I have taken this week off when we had a remote that we had signed up
weeks and weeks ago could we have done that we could I have done that your show so I could have just
shine those nice people over there at the bizarre we had a great turnout the people who run a
place are great and little Tommy Dennenberg we sure wouldn't want to ruffle his feathers isn't
the copy say you're going to do your show from the bizarre and it said not one word about me not
one more is because you'd already planned this in cityists act in subordination there's a
trocity of in subordination yeah well I want to talk more about it well after we talk about Toyota
of Hollywood where he also was in subordinate that was treated many of the people in our wonderful
proud ones time like some kind of subhuman do kind of the same way he treated Jim Skyler who used
to be at hot 105 you're now you're right about that and Z2 summers ago and that's correct and
shine and just turning his back and treating him just like some kind of sewer rat but anyway
one thing about the bird at least he's consistent he may not be good but he's consistent and
they're consistent at Toyota of Hollywood and giving you the best deals in town and this weekend be
a good time for you to get your little fanny over there and check out the incredibly low prices
on those beautiful new 89 Toyota's you know that air v dealer in the country right now
is telling folks and honestly in fact some of the dealers it's the first honest thing they've said
for years but with Toyota of Hollywood they don't play those kind of games but the bottom line is
they all have to move out the 89's that they have on the lot to make room for the 1990s that are
coming in a just a matter of weeks so you're going to find prices slashed you'll find the same
great service and the same great folks to do business with and right across the street a course
over on the west side of 441 you'll find a tremendous election of really great reconditioned
used cars too it's all waiting for you at Toyota of Hollywood the southeast number one Toyota dealer
and you'll find them at 1841 North State Road 7 in Hollywood
what is this from is this from the oh it's from the sun sentinel that somebody just thanks to us
oh look at this here's another great fact it says the donut guy is not one person but two
David X manager of the bird road donut store and Tom fired from the Tammy Amy trail store
did you know that blanks has gone out I'm not going to mention your name is going out of business
a few months now they've been out of business huh fascinating it's had so did this two other
places that were owned by the same company david is from Iowa and Tom from Miami and if they
didn't spend all day trying to call you their stores might still be in business anyway they're
both douchebags Tom once called the Steve King show and said oh geez I'm not going to repeat that
the donut stores are auctioned off today by a company appointed by the court
isn't that fascinating now I know why we never didn't fact rich though one time go into that donut place
I saw the guy calling remember and how long does it say that they've been out of business for a few
months you know I guess that's possible sure the other thing is a want add a personal from the
sun sentinel this is incredible it doesn't have any names broadcasting male executive divorced
six five forty five I think that says or six college graduate excellent above average income
likes rainy nights beautiful sunsets travel kids dogs Disney World Epcot long weekends in
Thanfran Fisco late-night talks jazz old movies new ideas museum zoos and cheers
there's something I can't uh family activities and much more would like to meet a young woman
thirty to forty who is sincere kind honest genuine and tired of being alone children welcome
if you're interested in meeting a down to worth man with big shoulders to lean on during good
times and bad and you'd like to be cherished loved pampered and spoiled we should chat sometime soon
please no drugs heavy alcohol use for those with emotional baggage from previous relationships
replies to box etc think it's someone we know I don't know well six five sounds like a monster in
the business oh my god speaking of a monster in the business isn't this an incredible coincidence
on the bat line from Seattle Washington ladies and gentlemen good morning yes sir or is it
afternoon over there well it's funny you should call right at this moment because we have a
surprise visitor in the studio came into a visit us on the last day of his vacation this week on
his way to the track well somebody that you know and love a good friend of Irene Richard
George boy
does that give you any clue
not at all no a good friend of Irene Richard yeah well I've just been a little sarcastic oh
glam yeah
he came in today to defend himself against the latest accusation and yours also
one yours too yeah well this ought to be great more I was just sitting here just trying to kill
four hours little did I realize that we were going to have this kind of level of intensity today
this is great it is intense I'm confused you might even have to skip it today and just stay here
no no take you on for the whole four hours or what's left of it well we'll go over to Keenshow
but that could be um uncle Neil told me
uncle Neil told me related to me a tie raid you threw against me about a week ago
that rich said that the birds of a liar a tie raid about what about me I'm the tie raid that's
what he said that you tore into me ought to start backing off here I'm not I'm trying to remember
what you're talking about what that I was pissed at you because you're telling people I got fired
rape little children no well he didn't say you got fired oh he did
Dave I had I have never to mind I'll he'd said anything negative concerning you that I know of
that's that and I can tell you that's the lie I mean that's incredible well you have said
right in that chair over there what you don't dare to sit in today and said one ripped this man
an ass the likes of which I have so I don't just a lot of garbage no I have not oh trust me when he
was on that morning show at that unmechanable station about stealing ideas and oh just on didn't
we ever resolve doing those talkups that Johnny dark invented the idea come on let's cut the crap
but let's have a little bit of honesty here at least for a very I'm an honest person I don't lie
average said that the birds a liar I'm saying you were actually lying just that you get a lot of
misinformation in you in other words it's like the old thing about if you say something off
it enough you start to believe it no right that's the air that start believing your own BS that's true
yeah well I don't know what it is it's just that it's not a matter of lying it's just that you say
something and then you start to believe it's true and talk about it on the air and false of you just
exactly a hundred years from now nobody will give it damn right well I mean the fact that he was
in town he was supposed to be at Marko Island on vacation this week and he left me to do a remote
at the bizarre up in Fort Lauderdale all by myself on Wednesday which somehow I managed to squeak
through and meantime he was in town here smoothing around with his buddies over at magic I was on
the I was on vacation making the tour of the local radio studio now I visited a couple of
Johnny dark you know I visited a couple of friends with mobile Alabama and they visit broadcasting
studios you know no I have a talk about a disease I had to take you I had to take you Johnson
a videotape and Rick Peters was there and Yelton was there it's as plucked the bird oh
anyway I thought it was a glad you asked allowable I thought it was allowable on vacation when I
had some time Dave because I was in and out of town I wasn't in Marko as long as I planned to be
and I thought it was allowable to visit some friends when I had some time it's course not it's not
when you're in radio and I did not think I had to go to work while I was on vacation this is my big
crime now there's the fact that you're calling from Seattle boat well does this mean that you're working
oh yes oh well thank because I never heard from you again now I was at home a few nights ago
I was actually what happened just a minute now I was here in the daytime and Nick gave me a
message that the your manager of the station in Seattle had called and said if Capita calls you
meaning me give him this message and just by coincidence like some kind of a psychic vibration
that night I was watching the Cubs game or something and the low and behold here's Capita on the
phone and I gave him the message he sounded depressed he was hundreds of miles in the middle of nowhere
driving around aimlessly in the middle of the night wondering what the hell was life was going to be
in the middle of the night it was afternoon and Oregon well like I said I can lie with the
best of them too and anyway it's so weird to hear you guys on the radio doesn't it sound better
though you're driving around the middle of the night it's raining and your windshield wipers are
broken and you don't know whether to scream or eat a banana and all you get this message from me
and you call a guy and he gave you the job right it was it was it was real crazy I must admit that I
am patchlessly left pretty quickly and what was that that's my traffic person oh you're are you
on the air yeah 730 here but you're not on the year so anyway it's are you on the air yeah I'm
on the air I got to put you on hold for a second we got to do a break okay we'll write you too hold on
okay hold on oh see he won't put us on the air they're not ready for this show in Seattle okay we
have an open line in Palm Beach I have no idea why I'm saying that because we're never going to
get you on the air but I wanted to look good for our visitor in the studio 655 WIOD and we'll come
right back okay it's 1038 at WI these are celebrity caller back he's not back and see on the
air really to think or is he just probably calling in a phone booth he's got a couple of friends
standing outside you know making guttural sounds and making sounds of a helicopter for the traffic
you know trying to make it sound like he's working again I don't think he's working anyway Caprito
be back on the line any second we want to remind you of course so we don't want to forget about
that ball game that I cheese I wasn't even aware we know that the bird will be listening
uh-huh hanging on every word the dolphins had Washington oh and the boy my glad I'm not going to
be here next week so I don't have to listen to all the affection and caring on okay it's just
an exhibition game all right oh good so after the red skin score their fourth or fifth touchdown
in the first quarter I don't want you to start getting all upset and surly just uh just
stick right with it okay just hanging there and be a real fan as only people in this town can do
well I don't know if he's ever coming back well these districts we had a uh-uh
three minute oh there he is so what's going on I heard him breathing on the other end of the
phone which is a good sign now are you really on the air yeah yeah what are you doing you playing
music yeah it's kind of like um the wave the breeze the wind whatever they call themselves now
the breeze you know like what's the station down there that does the stiff breeze yeah mostly stiff
they were the breeze and they were the wave now they're the breeze again now they're the uh
white white tornado the hurricane with the one that Jim Kelly works on oh is he over there yeah
does he stop by and see him no oh well today would be a good day to stop by and see Jim Kelly see
he's still wearing that leather jacket and motorcycle jacket well that's not brought back from
Amsterdam got heard a bunch of uh talk radio driving out here and up through California how
better it was great I heard maybe one or two that was listenable on the rest was just it just
reminds me how we used to make fun of the people that talked about you know um uh what's the matter
with your drain or plumbing or you know really pertinent topics like that yeah or like to make green
show yeah but um k g o and san francisco sounded good they had a couple of guys that sounded pretty good
no they don't you should I've heard k g o and san francisco uh oh in spain and all those other
are really boring guys they don't say too much they're not pretty exciting well that was the point
I was getting at is that it sounds good but they don't say anything I just can't but I mean
you living in Miami it seems like a big city like san francisco would really uh could really use a
i don't want anything to do with san francisco it's just just like a grotesque the weather is
awful it's cold as hell kind of like c-anel oh it's beautiful here rains every day and it's really
cold and it never gets over 65 I don't go for that kind of stuff when it gets under I get up about
five and it's kind of foggy and about 50 something and then by the afternoon it's beautiful over here
and uh 62 it's gonna be about 72 today 72 holy Toledo yeah they're having a heat wave in c-anel
i've never been in c-anel but everybody says it's a great place of course they said the same
thing about this place too and i guess that by the way i have the september money magazine out
today i was going hold on hold on hold on kill some time with this while we can we can't hold on you
can hold on but we have a show to do here okay caprita c-anel's number one study amazing number one
yeah i was just by there that's why i brought this out this is the top 300 places to live compared
with last year yeah by their spain number one this is the readers of money magazine number one is
c-anel last year number eleven and a denberry canetic last year was number one this year dropped
to number two and wouldn't you know it san francisco last year was number five and this way up to
number three on the hit parade so i guess that tells what kind of people they talked to for the
survey what what now now this is the survey in money magazine and it's got c-anel listed as the
number one place to live in a country this is a survey of their readers it's supposed to be the
best place to have a heart attack up from number 11 last year number one on the hit parade with a bullet
they got like about a dozen northwest uh... cities on that list of my amy is number seventy five down
or up from a hundred and eleven last year right behind Rochester New York is a matter of fact
i don't know how to get up the other day i was really getting homesick thinking about everybody and
about my amy how much i missed it and then i did this news break and the first story was about that
about c-atle being number one and the last story was about south florida being the number one
place where toilets break down and all of a sudden things started falling into perspective and i
felt a little better number hundred and eighty seven is west palm beach well number one hundred and
twenty is for Walton beach i'm looking for four lot of daily i had the thing under yesterday but it's
way down the list for walton's world as fat people live yeah no that's tamarack that's
the Gregory and all this fat people live there the Gregory yeah the guy you know he's making the
media and who helps people lose weight well i thought you meant he was fat he was about forty pounds
braidenton is a hundred and seventy two and uh... i'm where the hell is for a lot of
i know it's on here somewhere but it's way way way down the list two hundred eighty six is
pocky ptsy new york wow and uh... two hundred eighty nine is jackson michigan isn't there the
someplace near uh... detroit is the last one i'm not he tried it very well this time forty seven up
from seventy one so i know this is full of baloney okay uh... the very last one of
three hundred is a city that's near Detroit
all the last one all that harbor now that's on a west coast of michigan that's
way across uh... yeah that's a horrible place everybody's got a work it's like a city
that's out of business it is but anyway enough of the small talk let's get back to the real
purpose of this call and let's uh... let's get right back to the nitty-gritty of the okay well i'm
looking out this window this is great that's um
it gets kind of foggy in the morning i'm overlooking the peon japan way off in the distance
in the mist of these mountains and then it clears up and it's really beautiful here in the afternoon
well uh... great but i did get kind of homesick and all but it's working well you don't get homesick
for the kernel and for that incipit morning showed you know that nobody's even talking about
that station anymore well they don't even rip it anymore that's how obscure it is now
nobody even remembers that it's on the air uh... god give them a break the kernel is a great
i'd like to work with you oh man okay you try to get into the same league with the bird now is that it
what is that birds a liar what is it oh i see yeah we'll draw you a map i see so is there any
a parting words that you want for your friend here uh... now just a party back in town in a few
weeks i've still got all my stuff there and my pussycat is still down there magic yeah magic still
down there uh... seems like you've uh... mellowed against me day which is good
i i don't think so i think he hit you with a passion i just had to put on a good act
i just don't understand you sometimes some of the the things that you do
some of the vicious uh... low shots some of the cheap shots in a vicious behavior
you know i don't have any uh... animosity toward i just think that some of that you know it's
funny you should say that because somebody called yesterday when he wasn't here and said the same thing
it really is i reenriched
isn't that incredible i'm sorry i miss that yeah
you're really sorry you weren't here to chat with her for a while i miss them sorry i want to
play that on the radio yeah i'll be happy to send you your own copy when i come back from vacation
a week after next okay well i'll see you guys hopefully in a few weeks then you'll see us
i'm gonna be down there for a few days really and you're gonna come here on the show
well i've got a car to be still the next show is gonna be there and wouldn't that be something
boy captain day came in on the show live in the studio and will feed him like old times boy
i'll be great i missed all that food yeah yeah you missed the food didn't miss us
you know what i told you great okay say hi to all our pals up there in Seattle and all those
a big market radio people and um...
deal with them i'm not gonna tell you but i forgot what it was well it had to be ready you'll
probably write us on a letter you know on a post that my mother said it must have been a lie if i
forgot that's correct and don't forget and close the birds a liar okay we'll talk to you soon okay
okay what isn't that something they've caprita on the bad line to expose you for the
douche bag that we all know you aren't what are you talking about you realize that i could kill
the entire show after you go to the track look at that two hundred eighty five lima ohio down
from two eighty four last year melbourne florida from two forty seven all the way to two thirty six how
do you like that now what is this i don't uh...
sold my dog that's cute oh sold me my dog okay i thought she was and all a call from
captain jimmy's you think we ought to call them on the year why not okay let's do our last
break of the art for newtri system here and then when we come back we're going to talk to the
people of captain jimmy's and get it right from the horse that i have nothing to do you win there
this week yeah anyway i thought about newtri system like so many people what was that you hear that
you you know no i don't know what the hell that was uh anyway uh becky has lost twenty you know becky
lost twenty pounds already on newtri system it's just amazing that this building which when we
came to work here it was like leaning like the tower of pizza from all the weight and it was about
ready to tilt and now it's kind of leveled off a little bit because there's so many people have
lost so much weight sunny herses down thirty pounds on the newtri system and fat rich believe it or
not is over the seventy pound mark he looks like a shadow of his former selves and you can do it too
in the good news you better do it today because this is the last day today to take advantage of the
unheard of discount that they're offering a newtri system this week only fifty percent off
on your new newtri system program but you got to do it now because once uh the beginning and
next week comes it's going to be back to the regular price so call him right now and start shedding
those disgusting unwanted grotesque ugly pounds of flab and flim and garbage okay call one eight
hundred three four four thin you call newtri system right now one eight hundred three four four thin
you know i really can't find four lotterdale on this list it's got the three hundred cities
here wouldn't that be embarrassing started the bottom look at that the bottom three are all in
Michigan Benton Harbor Flint and Jackson Michigan and battle Creek is two ninety five so of the
last six cities four of them are in Michigan you'll ever guess what number two ninety four is
Atlantic City wow a horrendous place and i told me oh man what a toilet that it told me i don't
buy this though boy Elvis would Elvis be upset if he saw this number two hundred and seventy five
down thirty points from last year calamazoo they're nuts calamazoo is a great town okay let's uh
give this a try now just a giant fine let's say oh wait a minute i have to dial one i'm in
date county county that's pretty exciting are you trying to forget that i'm in date county when i
come to work every day it's ten fifty one at w i o d we're going to get to the bottom of this
mystery if it kills us yeah what a man high is keep their place a new rush is a w i o d we're on
the air sure there you go i'm not quoting my source on this because it could create a lot of problems
i know but uh somebody was told not to say anything about it really somebody uh you know
let the pervert you'll get out of the bag okay now is this a crime key that's not start with all of
this uh you know butlicking here let's try to get to the bottom this in other words while he
was supposed to be at marko island vacationing no the whole thing wasn't a while he was leaving me in
the lurch that that remote on the wednesday while Nick was putting all those crank calls on one after
the other um you can mark didn't even know he was on vacation mark mark and let's know showing a few
days and he didn't know bird was away marko he just didn't think anything over right so uh well yeah
another word to sneak he sneaked into places where people wouldn't realize that he was shining us
shining you uh huh now let me uh yeah thank you easy for you to say okay ten fifty five at w i
now we've got to the i think we've gotten to it finally took a lot well there seems to have been
something said to you by management that isn't about what about this vacation week not true well
then what are you talking about they came to me and they said there's a remote how long did i
say that i don't want to go do that remote alone i said it denimberg on monday and i said it again
on twos day and i said it in previous weeks it'll be much better if there's something set up over
there so that either you're going to be here or there's somebody there when you because all these
people were coming up to the table to sign pictures yes and as i tried to explain it what do you mean
yes how do you know that i thought you said you weren't listening i wasn't listening oh well anyway i
will leave you all okay yes i will let's go um all these people were coming up for me to sign pictures
and then the jingle would play and the break would end we come back on the air and all of a sudden they
all had emergencies and they all had to go home so i'm writing hot uh good luck time yanko
best wishes near rogis and all these other stupid messages and there's like lulls and of course
your friend johnny dark who was sitting there in front of a microphone pretending that he was in
who would jonesy for your job uh he wasn't adding anything all he was doing was filling his fat
face every time i turned my head he was he was eating pizza which i never even got to taste the pizza
and he was eating hot dogs and uh cookies and everything that was in sight because we were right in
the food court there at the bazaar okay i understand what you said i mean i do want you to understand
that we had a tremendous turn out of the show and find so they tell me i didn't like all the dead air
i didn't like that part of it now it seems although that wasn't your fault that was tom dennenberg's fault
they because generally speaking he's a moron but they never i'm telling them when i came in this
morning he he or somebody had a big thing up there on a wall under the clock that said the cubs suck
it was not this is enough to make you speechless i would it was yeah it was not discussed with me
about postponing my vacation which i probably would have been open to if it had been brought up to me
how am i supposed to know this if it was well you have a lot of people who are a lot of
of vultures out there who are just gathering around preparing for your demise i'll tell you that
right now because i don't know because they hate your guts or something i don't have any i don't
have any knowledge of this i haven't done anything you are you must have done something because you
have a lot of people that are just ready to dance on your proverbial grave why i don't know you'd
have to ask fat re i mean have to ask some of these people who are just apoplectic with you just
to get tired of your people you know like fat like people you know he's upset with everybody's
upset with bill calder is upset with you i didn't do anything to him that riches upset with you
he's you like uh like like worse than management i think management of course is upset with you
they think that you're just some kind of a uh total waste of space but other than that everybody's
okay you know what it seemed at the remote where you talk about the would have been sharing
sharing things that you ought to be boiled in oil is no question about that as he just walked
in there so i made it up i know i i could have been there to help at the remote it seems like
Alex Bennett boy is just foaming at the mouth wait till next week i'm sure glad i'm not going to be
here for that do you know who Alex Bennett is no i don't either everybody else seems to i have no
idea he just got fired in san francisco and he evidently does a real filthy show which is just
exactly what we need i think so i don't know what he does i really don't have to got any idea what he
does he's old he's about 182 good so you can relate to him mm-hmm it seems like i would have been
or you got a lot of calls here when we come back because you have a lot of risk and call in he's
got the bad one so if he wants to call in after the news and he would i would certainly be well
by looking i don't want to expose his uh confidentiality at all because he's a good guy but he's
also getting a little carried away and he's becoming a divisive and creating a lot of animosity and
getting the upset and hysterical yeah i think i just saw fort lotterdale on the list here somewhere
there is 113 up from 123 so it's not so bad Henry Barrow standing by the great uh expert on the
dolphins of course Henry is not going to be permitted to go with the team on the bus or even the
shower with the guys after the game and he's going to tell you why along with the 11 o'clock
news and then we'll come back at 11.05 Steve with open phones and don't forget the dolphin express
and the pregame festivities start the many many hours before the game
wio g
ramey fort lotterdale proud to once again be the home of the Miami dolphins this fall news talk
radio six 10 wio d
news talk radio six 10 wio d presents neo rogers to get a touch and talk call 751 wio d in day
five two four wio d and broder or 655 and 278 wio d in the fall beaches other areas make all collect
the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station
now here's neo rogers on news talk radio six 10 wio d well it's 11.05 in wio d in the pot thickens boy
showing up in this studio here today and in this building it's just amazing first before we
get to this fat rich is in the building now the the birds of liar in the studio with you know who
and this ought to be quite an hour boy this is just all developing by accident it's not even contrived
controversy i don't know why i'm here there's a thing i don't either i have a god there's no food
here there's a little breakfast that was left over from publics from an eerie show which is
delicious by the way some cold cuts and potato salad macaroni salad you're here to answer anyway
there's a thing in the political people in the hero this morning on page two b about yesterday's
a steve had Xavier Cortata debating a Gerald Richmond and anyway it says a second would be surrogate
for Ross latinan dayd republican committee man Richard ciderman never got near the microphone
before Cortata arrived ciderman listened intently to Richmond solo interview with host Steve Kane
in case something has said that is totally erroneous in the building this is he was here in the building
mr ciderman okay ciderman state put despite repeated demands from w i would be executive producer
sure and mahalny that he leave the premises she finally pleaded to several people in a hallways
someone helped me get rid of ciderman please after a tense confrontation before reporters ciderman
finally left he wasn't pleased and by the way Sharon don't call me again he growled on root
to the exit what a douchebag okay comes in here uh points himself as the monitor of that debate
and of steve show yesterday this is steves good ex-friend okay who comes in here as no business
in this building who's a just piece of mong and the ciderman stay out of this building okay all right
that takes care of that piece of business now let's get right down to the nitty gritty of this show
i guess Glenn wants to know why i hate him so i'm curious i don't it doesn't hate but is very
upset i have a clue you know during the day there was a guy who called in Neil if you recall
and asking about glen's car about what color you know the color right over and i think that may
have been the guy oh that was the bubbles guy i was that who it was the bubbles they were hanging
out with bubbles over at the hall and bill boy people are talking boy i've been on vacation you've
been cited everywhere i've been with friends better watch you to jacks going to start following
you were right you know i haven't done anything could you imagine what do you like if i had done all
this i think the bone of contention is that uh it was it was under the impression that the you know
that you were going to be away and i plan to be things change this is real life there's no script
things change for personal reasons i was back early and it was just a coincidence that both times
that you're away were for the last two remotes no kidding and i think this is your fault no i think
about it you mentioned earlier that i picked these weeks you know by the way i have some incredible
affidavits here i just mentioned in passing it turns out that the a week ago today we wanted hearing
in court and uh a lot of people thought that was the end of this whole business with jack Thompson
which it's certainly unfortunately wasn't but it was a very narrow thing that judge was ruling on
to keep him away from me and away from this building while i'm here and uh et cetera because there
was a psychologist who testified as many of us also believe that mr. Thompson could be dangerous
and represent a threat to us some of us and we have affidavits from two of the people over here
channel seven next door they don't want him here either on the property and he has no legitimate
business over there in fact that after our hearing last week the people at channel seven called
the judge and said that we're very upset that you made an exception uh to allow him after three
p.m. to come on to property to come over to channel seven because he has no legitimate business
here and we don't want him here so i find that fascinating i just mentioned that in passing
okay now let's get back to the real important matters at hand what uh it's my fault that what
that i picked these particular weeks because you mentioned about an hour ago that i picked them
you know in conjunction with your vacations yeah but see i changed my vacations so you could have
also changed yours very easily in other words uh the fact that i'm going next week you could
be going to following week very easily you're right but no one mentioned anything to me about that
the logical thing to do but no one brought it up to me up on wednesday at the bizarre where
no it's true plan that you're going to be out the week of september 13th is that uh
no one i you see i see that was a shot i noted that was a shot a real really smiling but it was a shot
you people are saying very upset about you about what i think is your piece of um just mung i think is
the word i could use i shaking his head no no yes that's my track buddy come on oh you guys are
going to the track with me today well sure we're gonna go now this is tell the audience anything
tells me a lot boy i'm telling you you people are so fickle and so wishy washy it's just incredible
you just can't um i don't know what it is for this is sad this is really sad you're not
well don't joke around the audience doesn't know that they think that you're sucking around now
by the way can i have some more that roast beef it's delicious and it's been a spoil sitting there
and of course rich getting near the food is always a dangerous sign are there any more of those
great little olives i love those little olives with the pomegranate yes there are yeah i didn't
ask you to touch them just uh just kind of explore for them thank you so much now sis anyway it's
11 past 11 this is the whole complaint is this it what we've been dealing with is this my don't
know when we come back you'll have to ask him i don't know what else he's upset at you about he's
very upset called me at home breathless last night just um excoriating you on the phone
well i wouldn't repeat today of this but he shows up here today and um we need to get all the
testimony out before the audience and they think it's starting to all fall together now in my mind
mm-hmm yeah all slowly becoming clear what's going on you know is it well i'm glad it is to you it's
11 minutes after 11 at wiod toyota of hollywood invites you to come by and check out the great deals
on brand new 89 toyotas like a super brand new 89 super with leather interior and power seats
only nineteen thousand eight hundred bucks and 89 toyota tercell two door sixty seven hundred
a corolla four door eighty nine ninety a toyota two by two truck seventy four hundred ninety five
a four door camera only ten thousand nine ninety seven and right on down the line through the
m r twos and the solicas and all the other great toyotas you'll find similar savings waiting for
you right now in fact if you're not close to hollywood you can pick up the phone wherever you are
and call the toyota hotline and they'll give you a specific quote right over the phone on the
toyota of your choice one eight hundred eight four two forty six ninety nine that's the toyota
hotline one eight hundred eight four two forty six ninety nine at toyota of hollywood look for them
on four forty one just out the Sheridan street in hollywood and please tell them that Neil Rogers
from wiod sent you by
the
the
eleven fifteen of wiod and what a way to end the week of this is just what I had in mind little roast beef
here too oh look at that for good old rich boy help us don't want this stuff to go bad
mm-hmm we can always kind of reach when there are forty fifty pounds of food sitting around
getting still so where were we well rich was saying as you may recall or may not realize I
haven't except for Caprita I haven't taken one call we haven't who's had time we have to get to
the bottom all pretty have all this ridiculous well let's just take one okay um
Daniel hey Neil how's it going all right now what do you think of all this so far well don't
rip the bird too much you know as far as the you know Caprita it sounded good here in all three of
you on the air again you know I don't know why he came in that today the bird he's still on
vacation I came in coming on Wednesday on his vacation when we had that remote at the bizarre
yeah I want to make it up but there's absolutely no reason from the be here he comes in yes there
is a big reason for me to be here yes I want to straighten I want to defend myself I feel like
what I feel like is I have been tried and convicted and I haven't had a chance to I think there's a
fair assessment that's what I feel like he's gotten one straight down it seems with Caprita he
seemed very melatoid me yeah if he does come down here y'all can really get a show where y'all
three sit need it'll be like all time I tell you he was the only reason I'd listen to
they have after y'all left and when he left I just can't stand hearing the colonels last one
left from him and you know I have to turn the channel quick yeah you know it's not like starting
the cat's laugh is good you know I love his laugh but oh god the colonels I start pulling my hair out
but there's only one thing I have to say for next week when you're on vacation deal yeah bird don't
take it wrong but no show vanistic shows please well he's not going to be doing the show Alex
Bennett's going to be doing he's just going to be cackling in the back oh well that's that's good
going to bring in all those twinkies and do that disgusting embarrassing stuff Alex will do that
and I wish you had someone good following your show me I mean no you stop I'm really
mean it no I want that stuff to come on well don't listen to me don't listen I don't want to talk
to you I mean you're right yeah I can't stand what take some call I didn't want to talk about
Steve all these cheap uh Steve Kane cheap shot artists I mean granted a lot of what they say
maybe true but uh enough is enough already god just out of you see that that's that gratuitous
crap I don't like that okay they think that I want them to call it in rip Steve
anyway we have an open light in Palm what was that no well don't be uh touching my olive will you
please god almighty open light in Palm Beach at 655 WIDC even with all this going on here today Palm Beach
doesn't care right doesn't that tell you something so can I even though your feathers are in a ringer
see a Roger have a great life thank you so can I sum up always a time for a summation I don't know
is it whatever you say I've got a lot of time I have three hours and 42 minutes left yes you do
so in my mind what my atrocity against this show is shine the word is shine no no the way I see it
my my crime we don't care how you see it I noticed yeah I detected that yesterday it's what I
hear that you don't care what I select my crime is that I didn't go to Palm Beach hello
hello is this Palm Beach yeah you want to talk to Neil yeah hold on a second are you gonna hold
hello hello you gonna hold yeah how you doing now okay listen if we call last week okay the bird
was saying that he couldn't change his vacation because he had planned it to say it all had
reservations yeah that's correct and he kept on saying well no I'm not gonna do it now I'm not
gonna do it I can't change I did yes you did I have yeah I had forgotten that this is a great
call sir because my memory is getting very weak in my old age and I've forgotten that that's correct
I do have a tape of it if you'd like I can't change is that a tape of it how do you like that let's hear
the other guy's got a tape of it too work right now and I will send it to Neil and he'll have it on his
when he comes back from his decay yeah and he better government himself accordingly right that's
right okay thank you sir you're a great American and a star witness okay thank you I do like that
and a troublemaker it's not true I like fat rich yeah I could have changed my vacation I don't
want to win in a lot of him fellowship but I'll tell you I was on I forget who I was I guess I was
talking to Bill Calder last night and the other line rang and it was fat rich and I don't want to
say that he was angry with you but there was steam coming through the receiver he was smoking
about will you give specific he was smoking about you and about all these sightings and about the
fact that when we really when the push came to shove you just a dessert of the ship you deserted a
sinking ship how come how come you didn't he was there come to me how come you didn't it was there
how come you didn't come to he was an on vacation yes he is as matter of fact how come he's on a
permanent vacation with their osman how come you didn't come to me to my face and say why don't
you you know push your waist did that on the air the guy just got through car we went through that
and you said I can't change this and I said you're going to let me go to that thing all by myself
and you said I've had this plan for months and I have my reservations it's all coming back to me
thanks to that last the pain in the ass caller now remember I do remember that very briefly one
time that was mentioned but no one had ever come to me now it's free no one had asked me anything
common sense would dictate not necessarily part of the show you don't just shine when there's a special
thing coming up that you would have gotten paid extra for speaking to getting paid extra for by the way
where is Tommy Dennenberg is Dennenberg in the building well I forgot about that where is my
check Dennenberg okay well I forgot all about this you may get either you may let off the hook
I got mine did you get paid Johnny Dark God his check right there in the spot
well now this this could be see why it came in just like on Perry Mason in the whole of the trial
all of the subtler is a little sidebar that comes in yes is this just dawned on me uh huh because I
was going to say you would have gotten paid extra for it just like I did and now it dawns on me
I didn't get paid anything that you see why I'm here that's supposed to be part of these deals
is supposed to be big bucks when the big celebrities go out on the road man's supposed to be some
serious serious dollars and it's just and you know me man I've just like Steve when I go out and
do these things I want that check now oh look at that I want it right now because I'm broke man I
haven't got two nickels to rub together like Steve you know that seems to be next year in temperate
behavior that seems to be the number one on the hit parade question everybody is asking now
because Steve keeps coming on here and um flaunting the audience well denna bergs on the road but
he's got a phone in his car and he knows the bad line he knew it enough to call in to be a pest
on the lightning round he can call in now okay on the bad line but uh where's Steve's money
all go and why is he always broken why does he owe Nick money and Bill Mullin and Sharon
that's an inquisitive guy that washes the cars out here and Spencer how come at it what is that
all about I mean it's his business obviously but when he chooses to come on the air and uh
beat his breast about how much money he's making he does make a lot and he does make a far too much
for him um one has to wonder and everybody is talking about that now that's like a new mystery oh
so you're you falling number two excellent well this is good news you know in every city you'll find a
restaurant that cab drivers and hotel desk clerks recommend you out of towners in fact that you'll
find five of them in South Florida they're called shells where they're dedicated to serving only the
very best seafood available everything is cooked to order I mean fresh as the fallen snow and you
are gonna love shells they never give you anything that's sitting under heat lamps or been
getting mongi you know hang it around look at that there's your sporting news now you ought to be very
happy so if you want a great not there he goes again fling and stuff around did you see what he just
said Sharon brings you in the sporting news and you go flinging it all over the floor in a childish
juvenile and tempered way well oh you know it doesn't it fits in with your behavior with your
personality lately I want the audience before they vote I want you to be aware that he just
he just flung the sporting news that Sharon so kindly brought in all over and pages are flying
and gross box picture flew out of my house and nearly lost my breakfast here so you had
this weekend with the whole gang for great seafood tremendous portions dockside prices to any of the
five soft floor shells you can't beat them with a stick they're open every night seven nights a
week for dinner beginning at five p.m. and you'll find shells in coconut creek sunrise Oakland Park
north by me beach and Kendall
South Florida cries out take the bird and pluck him
over it might not be as bad okay twenty seven half for eleven at wio d and somebody I want to thank
them for sending me these great bumper stickers they say happiness is a hundred thousand Canadians
heading home with an New Yorker under each arm these are the best okay thank you so much and we'll
slap these in the appropriate spot before the end of the show I beg your pardon what we go about
to say before you were so rudely in a row poor Alex Bennett boy he's really going to be up a
creek without a paddle working with you next week why I just is he didn't doesn't understand all
that's preceded him that's all like jumping into the fire no kidding jumping into a in inferno
and then I'm told that they want me on the show aid show them the ropes and be to be there and
and yeah and be there for the nilies and I go well I think well and why am I not just here alone if
I they want me here for the nilies because they don't trust you know why alone and of course now
that you brought up this part of the yeah discussion yeah now that we've reached this part of the
deposition I would like to say publicly that nil did go to bat for me and did go to management and
say that you would prefer me doing the show as it has always been done I would like that known
well I would not you I didn't say as it's always been done I said for the last of a year alone
yeah for the last two and a half if they could keep you under wraps and take all the carts out of
here that shouldn't be in here I don't think that's a problem to you well I took them out myself yeah
so I don't know what their problem is I want me to give you an example of one
if you want just briefly it's up to you now okay here I just want you to listen
break here briefly you should get out of these nightclub that's one it is not oh yeah it is
now never ever again trust me no one's anything to me but I just said it oh that's from you
that's from okay higher up huh it's from why don't they ever because you're not here you're busy
over at magic and powered talking all these uh douche I was on vacation all this has been
and never were well you're never here you're always on vacation yeah I'm always on vacation in fact
they were looking all over the building yeah just what I told you right now so don't see you
didn't get the message hey why is everything said behind my back you know why don't you want an
answer yeah I have no life there you go who's that from so who did you see it powers is this
something we can discuss on the air yeah no friend of ours how much how many guesses not will he be
huh not will he be that you're in the right area no friend of ours who let's show it to our
Elliott good yes who had been yes Elliott someone who win Elliott has been with us in the studio at
Zeta Allen closer getting closer you're in the right city Bob uh oh bingo we were working there
we're bringing your truck by the station Bob so Jack can get your license plate number okay yes
he was he's working there in sales Bob is working at power in sales yes and he was I was in the
lobby talking to Bill Tanner and Bob walked out for the end of the day with a Neil Rogers squeeze
bottle under his arm oh geez I couldn't be really excited when he hear this Bob was squeezing his
Neil other thing where the guy is salt with my own eyes I'll be damned see well I guess there's
something to it then huh anyway it's 1131 looking at Palm Beach line is that embarrassing here we are
this could be one of the most consternating shows in the history that I've been on a year here it's
intense and they don't they couldn't care less in Palm Beach they do want to talk about Rick
Ciderman getting his ass kicked out here yesterday though what would you like Cheryl or are those
yours those are huh those are great those are incredible in other words the people at channel seven
are just they're more apoplectic than we are they don't want them anywhere near the building
well poor patty over there boy that's that's shocking okay is what that is but what goes around
comes around so you just keep making it up Jack and the cows will come home to roost now cows don't
roost well the chickens will come home to roost okay let's say should we take a couple of calls
you with the audience makes out of all this so far Del Ray okay listen Glenn the reason you're not
on by yourself because you're not that entertaining man well that is a good point and now that's
the reason in fact that's what they told me and I said well now you're nitpicking I think
no Neil you're the greatest man well we know that I know that I'm gonna say we know this is
getting to be though when clandetane back today it reminded me of that jerk that used to come on
at one thirty or so you know used to barge in there the guy I don't start ripping him again will you
I didn't I he's getting all paranoid and secure and he thinks I'm trying to ruin his life and
ruin his show and I don't have any uh no he does not have the worst rated show on this station
well that's true Glenn go back man get out of here I'm hung over and I listen to your whiny little
mazely voice I don't need it man I don't need it I don't like it Glenn you know sir what I don't
like you why not I think you're a jerk why I think you're a trouble now like a good guy to me
yeah I am why are you ripping me sir because you're a jerk Glenn you're a dope you know you're
wine and you're you know you're just a kinghead I get a nerd well yeah whatever man a dweeb
go to the track whatever you know what are you doing there today anyway man what are you doing
at the station man your name I came in the bug you sir I came in specifically
he did my friend you succeeded you know you know you know I don't know what to do I'm going
you'll take care man get out of here what a you know what I'm 33 at WIO did he what a pleasant
call to that New York drop from number 19 last year to number 50 no wonder all the New Yorkers are
here boy it's dropping like a rock it's like dropping a penny from the top of the world trade center
anyway Palm Beach is now that must be a broken line huh no it sounds like it's working fine to me
655 9463 655 WIOD I guess Debbie's got that Palm Beach audience sewn up
doesn't she I don't know she why he's upset he is really upset the last caller I think was the
final straw the straw that broke the birds back but that caller did say he was hung over here yeah
well he considered the source sounded fine to me yeah sounded like a good guy to me
anyway let's continue I'm sure that they're going to come to your rescue here because you know
that all the bird suckers are going to get on here real quick now and start kissing and kissing
well I have a Palm Beach show was a fault well wait a minute let me handle this hello protect the bird
he's alright okay see just brief comments from Palm Beach I haven't done anything
I don't think it's like in my mind I have in my heart I have done anything all right let's take
a survey now who'd you rather have in the building Rick Ciderman or the bird my only crime seems to be
that I didn't go to work while I was on vacation that seems to be my big one well I like the way
you've twisted around I would probably put it in a different way that you took your vacation when
we needed you the most no one asked me no one said anything to me you like you know marginally
but I was missed so when we go you were miff and it's I was missed and instead of you were
missed and we were miff yeah and instead of appreciating me and saying oh well maybe you know he
does serve a purpose maybe he does no no instead I guess we had a chance to serve a purpose then
you shine this nobody asked me to you're kind of twisting it around nobody invited you remind me of
somebody I know who listens every day to the show and likes to take the obvious and twisted around
to suit his own distorted warped purposes where am I wrong then where am I wrong everywhere what do
you think if anyone had asked me to postpone my vacation Miami hello yes okay sir listen but I'm
glad you came into the city yourself because you had a hard time on Monday trying to find trying
to run the show he made it true and no question about that Monday was it a disaster well Neil
missed you and his show has been kind of if he since then yeah the Wednesday he realized that the
show really didn't go without the bird so bird no that's not now let's not get carried
show on Wednesday went fine but instead of being missed I'm just ripped because I didn't go to
work while I was on the case yeah yesterday he ripped you so much but you could tell in his
in his the way was talking that he really missed you and he needed you back for the show so
it's good that you came in the days to think yourself and keep it up man like you're doing a good job
and Uncle Nellie really missed you okay that's Uncle Nellie to use uh finally a co here at
clah uh huh for easy for you to say yeah uh eleven thirty six at WIOD let's do a little quick break here
and uh what we got a caller to take first though hello hello now time for the break
sure glad we got that Palm Beach call it before they head out for lunch we'll come back right after this
wow eleven thirty nine at WIOD and the mark to Dino who used to be a channel six uh news
right here in town fact um mark was involved in our last uh big fiasco and we had Marlon Bailey
and the mommy vice jackets sure a couple of years ago and uh mark did get his though he said that
some of the piping came off and now it's his Miami ice so that's marco I would save it fun
that could be worth a lot of money someday okay Marlon will buy it back for a buck and a half
but uh sure good to see mark I'll tell you boy he's one of the few people that was ever on
the year in this town who looked good twenty till noon at WIOD and let's go now we don't want
Michael putty to get up sick as Michael just has this big exciting new chapter of his life that's
only going to happen in what six months or something it's really similar to over in our every
summer January February six months going to ten do you understand that I don't get it
is he still going to be on four and then everybody's going to know he's going to be a channel ten
that's a little tacky isn't it I guess I didn't read that would have been like being on Zeta for
six more months uh everybody knowing we were coming here that it's a joke yeah that is pretty
heavy duty all the way understand they would like to have you back sure fort lauderdale
he said and the other end of the line was dead well I guess oh was there somebody there
yeah well yes hi I'm just wanting to call inside please leave the bird alone
you're supposed to be on vacation that's correct but what's he doing here then and uh well uh as
he said he had to come into the vendemtems actually I think that you uh you knew you're the one
that starts on these venomous attacks absolutely just a mean nasty guy and then if you've done all
your dirty work you try to put the blame on others that's correct right you got me you got me with my
as far as I'm concerned you're coward in a hypocrite right and it's back on everybody shows for
your true character that's correct but you wouldn't miss the show for all of money in the
I don't listen to it that often but no you don't listen that often but you just happen to have an
accident and be listening today right you miserable disgusting lying sack among
it's 1142 at W.I.O.D. we look at that fat rich is getting so worked up now he's eating cold cuts
he's chain eating you want after the other boy he just look at him did you see the way he started
into that he got a piece of ham there he's attacking it like he was uh invading uh Atlanta or
something wow anyway after hearing from that very pleasant lady let's go to hi alia hello
yes sir i know this is a south Miami it's what south Miami well it says hi alia on here it's close enough
okay listen i want to try county i want to catch bass with you on a couple things yes sir
okay now first of all um bird yeah i'm gonna be going
