IOD presents Neil Rogers.
To get in touch and talk, call 751WIOD inane.
524WIOD inbroward.
Or 655 and 278WIOD in the Palm Beach.
Other areas make all collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers
are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers, a new stock radio 610WIOD.
He's back.
And he's stalking a psycho who wants to make the Chicago Cubs penit contenders.
Clint Eastwood is dirty Harry Carey.
Oh, everybody.
This is Harry Carey with Steve Stone and the cops are getting their
feet out of them today.
Clint Eastwood gives a Hall of Fame performance
as the legendary Cubs broadcaster.
There's action.
The pitch!
Strike is the...
He's through that bull-right pass clock!
Suspense.
It's...
My thing!
It could be!
It is a...
No rhyme!
Romance.
Oh, look at that...
It's on that broadsteam.
He's calling!
He's calling!
Clint Eastwood is dirty Harry Carey.
Coming to a theater near Houston.
It's all the anticipation here this morning.
Even Carly Simon.
Never saw anything like this.
Is that really...
Is that a legitimate call?
Online three?
Collect?
Hello?
Yes.
Neil?
Yeah.
I'm in a little town just north of the Gainesville call to launch
your way.
Okay, we're the population of about 4,000.
Our cable here has sports channel of Florida, WGN,
WWOR, plus every other thing under the sun.
Great.
A real happy for you.
There's 2,500 subscribers on the cable system.
So you know all this bull that we...
Was that we hear in South Florida is...
You know about we can't do this and we can't do that.
Then how can a little dumpy company up here afford to have all that?
Yeah.
Have I made my point?
We can't do this and we can't do that.
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
I guess.
As far as sale, Kirk and all the big boys go.
And here's a company with 25,000.
Let me ask you a question.
How long do you think I'm going to discuss this?
I mean, we love sports channel of Florida and all of that other stuff.
But how long do you think I'm going to discuss this?
Nothing.
I just wanted to pass it on.
OK.
Well, we're real happy for you and to stay up there.
OK?
It's 10-07 at WIOD.
Well, now we really threw my whole rhythm off here this morning.
Anyway, I see a couple of the lines already lit.
Although nothing Earth-shaking, have you noticed that?
Nothing Earth-shaking.
There is something missing.
You may notice already this morning.
And I have a little delima of my own here.
I can either gloss it over and give you a sugar-coated version of why the bird is no longer
on the show, which is my original intention, because I don't want any friction, any hostility,
any personal antagonism.
However, the other option is to tell the truth.
So that's your choice.
And I already know some of the crap that's going to come in, because I know how child
is some of the audience.
Well, he was a threat to you.
And he did a great job while you on vacation.
And now you couldn't stand the threat and you had to get rid of him.
Let me tell you something.
This has been coming on for a long time, including virtually every day during baseball season.
And baseball has a long time, like from April to October, okay?
And there just have been a few episodes that have occurred.
And I have been looking for the appropriate moment for us to kind of go our separate ways.
And to be honest with you, there is no appropriate moment.
So it just, you know, better do it now than wait for example two, three weeks until
right at Christmas time, which would be a horrendous thing to do.
When I worked at INZ, I remember they fired somebody on the day before Christmas, which
was also his birthday.
So that was really a nice, you know, kind of the guy getting at the special thing.
By the way, speaking of really tactful stuff, I love the quotes from Disney and one, by the
way, Juan Carlos co-text called me at my mother's house yesterday.
I'm having lunch at Mommies and the phone rings and it's at pain in the ass.
Juan Carlos from the Harold, you talk about a pushy guy.
You talk about going the extra nine yards to get the story.
And the only reason jickered didn't have more or any of my quotes in here is because I couldn't
talk to Tom DeLog at home at about five o'clock.
But this Juan Carlos co-do is just incredible.
Anyway, what was I just going to say before I mentioned about Juan Carlos?
See, that's one of the problems now.
I've got nobody to remind me.
My mind is going to have to come back.
I'm going to start thinking for myself.
But anyway, it's been coming on for a long time.
I want to thank Lynn for everything that he did for the show last two and a half years.
There's a possibility he may go on and do his own thing, which certainly a lot of people,
oh, Disney's quote.
Look at that.
Marvin is right on top of things.
Yeah.
Now, actually, I'll do the break first and then I'll get into that Disney quote because if
I were Stan Major at this point, if I didn't have a gun to my head right now, I'd go out
on 441 and buy one.
I'm serious.
I mean, that has got to be the most tactless, horrendous quote.
I mean, you know, I'm sure it's true, but why say it for publication?
In fact, if you notice the promos that we run on the radio station for talk, they don't
even mention Stan's name, which like him or not, I mean, he is on the air now.
I mean, temporarily or permanently or whatever it's going to be.
But I mean, he's there in a major day part and afternoon drive and we avoid mentioning
the name like the plague.
Now, look at that phone.
Isn't that kind of interesting?
Isn't that fascinating?
Because I envisioned to be honest with you because I knew it'd be in both papers this
morning.
I had a feeling when I came in that every line on the board would be lit up, either in
protest or certain.
I don't want to take the opportunity that Glenn has gone to sit here and rip him because
I'm not going to do that.
I will give you my own personal feelings about why I decided to go back to doing the show
alone, but I'm not going to rip him because I like him personally.
We don't have a bad relationship, but he's got to go and do his own thing.
He had the softest job in broadcasting.
He had a quick job was being paid an enormous amount of money to sit here and eat and
cackle a little bit.
It just became, there was a certain on the air antagonism that existed when I wanted to
talk about certain things that he wasn't interested in.
It just got to be too much.
Also an antagonism that was created with some of the callers out there, kind of like me
against you, kind of thing.
I know those things just don't work out.
It's like a bad marriage if you pardon that very poor analogy.
Anyway, it's 12 minutes after 10.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
I'll tell you what's really disappointing.
We got a lot of cowards out there this morning.
Not a lot.
A couple would you say?
A couple who have called Marvin and the screamed in his ear and bitched me out.
I'd rather hear it myself.
It's much more fun for me to hear it and for the audience to hear it.
It's lots of fun.
If you want to do that, go right ahead because it isn't going to bother me and Elizabeth.
I'm anticipating.
I'd be disappointed quite frankly if we don't get a little bit of that.
Anyway, the article by Juan Carlos Cotto, it says Neil Roger's sidekick gets the boot.
It goes on and talks about the fact that Glenn is gone, etc.
Then the paragraph that I find absolutely incredible, WIOD General Manager Mike Disney
said, Hill is a candidate for a weekend show or the two to six afternoon drive slot left
open when Steve Cain moved to New York in October.
Disney said the station is not set on keeping Stan Major, the current Philan for Cain and
his considering host from around the country in addition to Hill.
I just, I must really repeat what I said before.
I just can't believe that Mike really said that.
Do you think he said that?
Do you think Juan perhaps just made that up?
Because it's one thing to feel that way.
It's another thing to quote it for, I don't know.
If I were Stan, like I said, I probably would have already pulled the trigger.
So he may not be here.
I may have a long show all by myself today.
I think we ought to have a little party today, by the way, don't you?
I don't want to sound like I'm dancing on somebody's grave, but I just feel like a rock
has been taken off my back.
And I know Glenn is listening and I want him to take that personally or feel bad.
But it just developed.
There was kind of like this on the air antagonism and like I would say a lot of things and
there would be this side like, oh gee, you're not going to talk about the Cubs again or
about the high alleo or about upstate New York, et cetera and so on.
And if somebody called in from upstate New York, then we'd have to have the obligatory balancing
it out, call from some red neck from Lakeland in order to balance it out.
I don't feel after all the years I've been on the air in this market that I have to balance
things out for anybody else, okay?
I mean, it's just, I don't want to go into a big song in a dance.
And I know there are a lot of people out there.
For example, the day that I got very upset with him on the air about that thing we were
going to do, that little appearance that impromptu thing we were really looking forward to do.
And you know, the reaction to that by some of the people in the audience was kind of
like the last nail in the coffin as far as I was concerned.
Because when the day comes that I can't sit down and express my honest feelings and opinions
on the air without being bitched out by some people, how dare you say this to him?
How dare you do that?
It indicated to me that there was a real conflict that was developing.
And I'm not looking for that, okay?
When you're working on the air in this market, you have enough automatic conflict anyway
with all these morons out there who are angry.
It's a hostile town.
Although I will say we sure gave Bill a lot of material for his show this morning.
Boy, you talk about really capitalizing, talk about dancing on somebody's grave, but
he did a great job of it though.
10, 17 at WIOD.
Let's get right to these calls because I have a lot of other stuff here.
But I'm sure that one way or the other we're going to hear the good, the bad and the ugly.
Dave County.
Can you tell us a true story about the verb, please?
Was he a threat to you?
Yeah, a threat.
Yeah.
Okay, good one.
Could barely speak, but right on target.
Boka.
Boka's not there.
Okay, good start.
Manny from Kendall.
Neil, how you doing?
Great, Manny.
First of all, I just want to welcome you back.
Let's hear it.
Let's not do any preliminaries here, Manny.
Let's not have any verbal foreplay.
Well, let me tell you the truth.
Let's go right down to it.
I was reading the paper usual this morning, and I was in shock when I read the article.
I couldn't believe it, but I really can't say that you couldn't see it coming.
Well, that's what amazed me because when I talked to Glenn last night, he said that he
was totally shocked and he said the same thing in the paper.
He thought he was going to be doing this for the rest of his days and never dreamed that
this was coming.
I had many, many conversations with him off the air in recent months.
I mean, not real recently, but in recent months.
And even some on the year where we had some headed out over the fact that I just wanted
to go ahead and do what I want to do.
And I just don't think it sunk in.
He really was being paid a lot of money.
I mean, a very substantial amount.
More than some people, some friends of mine who have been in this business for 20, 30
years, who have paid their dues, who have earned their credentials if I can use that
expression.
And all he had to do was sit and kind of cackle and eat some lunch and read the inquire
and shut up.
But it just, it went beyond that the last several months, especially during baseball
season.
And at other times, and I just, I'm not going to fight with people on the year.
Well, it's interesting is there's a quote in there that it's not going to be a two-man
show.
And I never listened to you when you were by yourself.
I started listening to you when you started at Zeta.
Well, it may come as a shock, but I actually did many years all by myself and somehow,
I believe it.
I believe it.
No, my point is that through those two years that I've been listening to you, you could
actually tell that things had started to bother him and that he actually thought that
he had a bigger partner show, which he actually did.
Well, I think it's time.
I really do believe he could do his own show somewhere like maybe on weekends here or
on FTL or he could do nights here from 8 to 11 would be a great time.
I don't want to rock the boat there.
But as long as Disney's opening is big mouth, I might as well suggest that he'd be fine
for 8 to 11 would be great.
But I think that's true.
I think he should be doing his own thing and then there's not the friction and he's got
his own core of like cat or something like Johnny Darden.
He's got a lot of people who like him and he's got his own little agenda with Phoebe
Cates and all this other crap.
And that's great, but it just doesn't fit into my agenda.
Well, he's going to be missed and you will have a group of people who follow him.
You know, if he does get a show of his own.
And I think today's going to be pretty interesting.
I think it's going to be a day of transition and there are going to be a lot of these
neurons calling up saying that he was a threat to you after all.
Well, that's the operative line.
He was, I got news.
Anybody who knows Glenn knows that he's not a threat to anybody.
Oh, he just isn't.
That's just not his thing.
Yeah.
And maybe a threat I read.
Well, no, he really isn't.
He's just not a forceful kind of person.
He's more laid back, although, you know, occasionally grumpy, but I guess we're all like
that.
Yeah.
So too much for a threat to handle.
All right.
I just thought I'd talk to you.
I thought I'd get my two cents in a, at least three or four cents.
Okay, man.
Okay, Neil.
I love you.
Have a wonderful.
Well, don't say that.
Have a great day.
What I do.
I know that's what I'm afraid of.
See you.
Bye.
Okay.
21 after 10 at WIOD.
The calls are coming in fast and furious now.
And what can I say?
You know, it's one of I feel, no, I don't feel bad because I know that he'll do okay.
And I said to Glenn last night on the phone.
I said, every time this happens in his business, it's for the best.
And the station is going to take care of them.
They're paying him through the end of the month and probably you'll find something else
for him.
And things will work out for the best because you can't just be like a flunky the rest
of your life.
You have to assert yourself and develop your own thing.
And I think that'll be good for him.
Because otherwise, and it even says it in this article, he'd have been satisfied to
just kind of sit back and be like, you know, in the shadows forever.
And I don't think that's right.
22 boy talk about philosophical crap.
22 after 10 at WIOD.
We want to talk about Neil.
This is noodles reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste.
Okay, 10, 25 at WID.
I guess it's safe now to bring some of those people out of the closet.
We are going to get some food in here, aren't we?
Should what should we do?
Should we get Wayne to bring food?
He was here yesterday.
Wasn't he or the day before?
Day before.
Yeah, he might come back or pizza off your somebody.
We don't have a little party because you know how we do it when somebody in the family
dies.
And I'm not saying anybody died.
God forbid.
But when somebody like disappears, you sit down and you eat to drown your sorrow.
So I think that the staff here might enjoy having a little repast of something.
We'll work that out.
I'm sure somebody will come through 10, 25 at WIOD.
Don't forget whatever you do those checks.
Please let's get on the ball with the Camilla's house.
So far we've raised 2400 through yesterday.
Although yesterday's mail didn't really show up.
I have a feeling we'll have an avalanche of mail today because there was like one little
envelope with a $15 check that came in yesterday.
And the rest of it either never got to put up in the boxes or something happened to it.
But anyway, make it out in any amount.
Help the homeless and help the great work that brother Paul and brother Jack and the people
of Camilla's house do.
And make the check out to Camilla's house, C-A-M-I-L-L-U-S, and mail it to Neil Rogers,
W-I-O-D, Miami, 33141.
And with every donation of 20 bucks or more, we will send you a cassette.
And we're providing the cassettes.
You have to send a stamp cell for the rest of the envelope and we'll provide the cassettes
this year.
And it's got some of that, like I said yesterday, clever crap that we play on the year.
And that's it.
Okay.
That's our little inducement to get you to us, bring with a few bucks for Camilla's house.
Hollywood.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Are you going to have any fun anymore?
You're not going to have anybody to kick around.
I know.
Well, how about you?
What about me?
Yeah, how about we kick you around for a couple of minutes?
I'll come in.
Yeah, but no thanks, pal.
Okay, good one.
Let's go to North Miami.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's been June since I've called you.
Really?
This is the guy that used to sit in the lobby with Sandy.
Larry.
Wait a minute.
Sit in the lobby with...
Oh, my God.
Larry from Oswego.
Yeah.
Well, no, no.
Larry.
The one that I met you in the studio I sat in with.
Oh, weird, Larry.
Yeah, weird, Larry.
Well, the one from the work release center.
Weird, Larry.
Yeah.
Used to sit in the lobby with Sandy while she was eating.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
I'd call her and told her that Glenn got canned and she was very happy.
Why was that?
She didn't like Glenn too much.
She didn't like anybody too much.
Well, that's true.
I'm glad you said that, and I didn't.
No, he did.
He did alienate a lot of people in the building.
I mean, there are a few who ate my guts and I'm used to that because no matter where
you go, that'll be true.
But he alienated a lot of people.
I mean, just an amazing number.
In fact, when the interns were here in the newsroom during the summer, he carried on.
Every time we had food in here or whatever was he carried on like to the point of really
embarrassment to me.
And like I said, I don't want to sit here and rip them for four hours or, you know,
for the rest of all time.
Right.
But just, you know, these are some of the things that contribute to a negative atmosphere.
And I just, I feel like I'm free.
Like I'm flown out of the cage.
Well, you know, I met I met Sandy in February and we've been friends ever since.
Yeah, very pleasant person.
Her and I, well, we we have our disputes once in a while.
Yeah.
But when I first met her, she didn't care for you too much and I listened to you all the time.
And we gave her that food that one day and she changed her tune real fast.
Yeah.
She, um, she became a closet listener.
I'll be damned.
And me, her and me went to Ohio on vacation in July.
And when we came back, she was canned and a week later I was canned.
Oh, my job.
Yeah.
And it's been, but we should have got you together with the first guy that called from North Florida today.
No, I don't think so.
That was great.
I don't think so.
Anyway, kind of like a little soap opera story.
Yeah, but what mean her?
Very good friends.
But I want to make any babies or anything constructive because after all, we need more and more babies to keep the population afloat.
Uh, no, not at the moment, Neil.
Neil.
We can miss Andy around here.
Everybody in the building is shedding a tear just at the height of her name.
I doubt that.
In fact, there are people impaling themselves with sharp objects, even as you speak, Larry.
Neil.
Yes.
I want you to know.
I'll see you before Glenn.
Yes.
I'm a, I'm a, uh, BG before Glenn.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
I listened to you before Glenn and you were great.
Yeah.
And I listened to you at the stage with Glenn.
And I remember when you brought Glenn over, which I was really surprised that you brought Glenn with you to Ohio.
Well, see that was a mistake.
I got to confess because he was on the morning show.
There was a great chemistry with Caprita and Glenn and myself.
And on a morning show, you need a team.
I don't care who it is.
I mean, Reneerie is good as he is.
He's still got all these.
He's got Roger in here and he's got Sonny and Henry in the news people.
And all you know, cast a thousand and so per and the morning show requires a team.
But the rest of the day, you don't need somebody else to sit in the background and make, uh, you know,
good.
Sounds when when Glenn went on vacation a couple months ago, you made some good points.
I was listening.
Even I have a call that's probably when I really made up my mind right.
I was going to go solo again at, uh, I had a real good time during that period of time.
And I didn't have to apologize for anything I was talking about.
And I didn't have to witness any emotional outburst because I brought something up about baseball or sports.
You know, it's just we just have very diametrically opposed interests.
And if he gets his own show, he can, uh, you know, talk about whatever he's interested.
I remember when he landed the B. B. Kates, you know, I remember he had a show on Saturday morning and he would come in and stay with you for like 10 or 15 minutes in the year show,
which was fine and bring you to mail and kind of drop in and play off of you.
So that time went by.
He, I guess he found himself to be more a part like a team, which is not your look at that Wayne Arnold called in.
He's not that I'm trying to, uh, you know, divert from your bringing conversation.
58 and a half pounds and seven weeks and he is bringing a little party celebration day right down the street from Wayne Arnold and Sandy and myself.
Eat there all the time.
Well, listen, and closing Larry have a wonderful life.
The call has been beyond description.
I'm sure it has.
Okay.
Neil, a big kiss for me and Sandy.
Oh, give Sandy a giant kiss for us.
Okay.
Everybody here in W.I.O.D.
really pines for those wonderful days and I wish Glenn the best of luck and tell her a quick steal in our food.
Okay.
Okay.
I wish Glenn the best of luck.
Okay.
See you Larry.
Bye.
Oh God.
1031 at W.I.O.D.
God, do I feel like we're having a little fun already?
Isn't it now I got to ask you this because Marvin doesn't pay any attention anyway, but isn't there a different ambiance about things already or just my imagination?
I guess with you it doesn't make any difference because you're not paying any attention.
But for me, there's just and I don't want Glenn to take that negatively.
It's not like it's not personal.
I told him that yesterday.
It's not personal because I like him.
I consider him a friend and etc and so on and there's Disney by the way who came into apologize to stand for those outrageous remarks.
Even if they are true, but anyway, it's what can I say?
Life just goes on in the big city and I hope Glenn does real well and all of that other stuff, but we all have to we he has his thing and I have my thing and believe me.
It's not much.
Okay, 1032.
Let's go to coconut creek.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
My name's Pam.
How you doing, Pam?
Good.
I met you at specs when you did your show there.
I'll be there.
And I shared some obscenely rich dessert with you that you well, Johnny dark was actually feeding it.
Oh, from cafe max.
Yeah.
Yeah, that was incredible.
Oh, it was.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I know you're thinking or you're playing an ongoing solo, but I wanted to apply for the position.
There is a pan.
Let me put it to you this way.
There isn't any position.
In other words, I don't have any sidekick.
Now, maybe you want to call stand because he's just dead.
Oh, no.
Now, why do you say that?
Why do you say it?
Oh, don't start it on stand.
Now, well, you're right.
I don't know.
That's a bad show.
I can't listen to it anymore.
You're the only thing that WID.
Oh, gee.
Now, don't see.
Don't put me in that position again.
The only thing.
Reneries on his way home spitting at the radio for hearing you say that.
You listen to Renery, don't you?
Only for the traffic.
Oh, well, there you go.
And the traffic's wrong all the time anyway.
It is.
Well, that's Joe Brennan.
Yeah.
A lot of medication, I think.
Clarence Law, actually.
Yeah, we're going to bring Clarence back if we can find him.
Okay.
He was last seen over North Carolina.
Well, you might want to bring me in just every now and then.
No, Pam.
No auditions.
And Marvin's so cute.
We might bring, we have Marvin's real cute.
Yeah.
We might bring some of the interns back to audition for a sidekick.
Unpaid, of course.
Well, I don't tackle, but I like to eat.
No, we don't eat any sidekick.
If you like to eat now, see, we could have people at wins before we go to the
show.
Before, before, glad actually became part of the show.
And then afterward, at INC, we used to have all kinds of people come in.
We'd have the food would be in and then there'd be just a variety of different goophalls
who would come in and eat and make some burping and belching sounds at a background.
And that kind of did the trick.
Yeah, that's a really good idea.
I could do that.
Or we could play oldies and bring Mitch Weenan to read the record labels and give us all
the numbers and, you know, and bring back some of those old jingos that really do it for
us.
Well, I don't know.
So what do you think, Pam?
You think we're going to make it?
I think you will.
And here's the show.
You think I can make it till 11 o'clock, Pam?
You have 25 minutes.
Yeah.
And every line is lit.
You know, of course, this won't last forever.
This is that little honeymoon period.
Right.
But you know how these people are.
Right.
Okay, have a great day and I'll give your name to Stan.
Oh, no, don't.
See you, Pam.
Okay.
Oh, poor Stan.
Boy, first he gets butchered in the paper by Disney and now Pam does this assault.
This unnecessary assault.
John Bernetti wants to know if there's an opening.
Leave him alone.
By the way, I want to congratulate Hank again for that brilliant job that he had that scoop.
Of course, it turned out to be wrong, but that great scoop you heard first two nights ago on
WIOD about a highly occlusing after today.
At a boy, Hank, you're really on top of things.
Hank will be on to defend himself on sports talk tonight as a matter of fact.
So call in and rip him a new ass.
Okay.
Really let him have it.
But now it looks pretty grim.
I was thinking and I shouldn't get started on this again, but I was thinking wouldn't it be something if Saturday, Sunday and Monday?
Enormous numbers of us showed up at Hylia.
Of course, at that point, Bernetti wouldn't know what to do.
You know, but I know it's probably not going to happen, but I was just thinking wouldn't it be great if like five, six thousand people showed up on those three days?
Because they are racing as far as I know, the horsemen are having a meeting right now, but I think they are going to race through Wednesday the 13th of the week from today.
And then they got the meeting in Tallahassee.
And at that point, they're planning on pulling the plug, which I can't blame them.
But wouldn't that be something if all of a sudden people realized that we haven't just been feeding them a line of BS that unless they show up and support the place, it's going to be history.
And I know most of you don't give a crap, but just an idea.
Anyway, I want to tell you about first, one till 11 at W.I.D.
You know, I also think back to the remote that we did at Toyota of Hollywood, sometimes this summer.
And the bird finally joined us because they paid him for that remote and he showed up.
And we had that enormous. I think it's the last one we did over there.
And Steve was there and the bird and I was there.
And we had a tremendous turnout. They were standing online. Were you there, Mitch? That day?
And we talked about this on the year. He really shined. Most of the people who came by sat there with Robin and who was the other one?
The other space cadet that came by, the other silly young lady who came by and just monopolized all of his time and really shined a lot of people.
And that kind of rubbed me the wrong way too.
I don't think Glenn ever really appreciated the, you know, I kid a lot about the morons out there and a lot of Mar.
But the audience, I mean, these people that are coming by that are making a special effort to go out of their way, just to get one of those crappy pictures or shake your hand or say hi or, you know, rub you on the forehead, whatever it might be.
And that was one of those ingredients too that I think, you know, I'm just trying to tell it like it is. That's all. Just like Hank does.
It's a 20 to 11 and WIOD. We have an opening in Brown and one in Boka. Boy, look at this. 524 WIOD in Brown and 2789463 278 WIOD in Boka and Del Ray, Coral Gables.
Hey, how are you? Great. Yeah. Just wanted to give you my comments. I, I guess I'm kind of almost indifferent, but pretty much accepting the fact that you're letting Glenn Hill go.
And I can certainly understand it with all the conflicts that I've heard and kind of detracts from the show when you have all the conflicts, you know what I mean?
Yeah. But at the same time, over since when you first came to the station, I was a NIOD listener from Wayback. When you first came to the station, I tuned in to you and got real interested in the show and have really grown to love it.
Really?
And, you know, much better than the stuff that I used to listen to in IOD, which I also liked. And, you know, real happy with it all.
And probably, and I really think that your show will probably be better without Glenn. But at the same time, I think I'd really love to hear Glenn have his own show.
Yeah. No, I agree with you.
I think I think it would be a real good show. I kind of enjoyed while you were on vacation a show he was doing. And I think, you know, he was being creative and he was doing some things.
And I think it was fun. You know, it doesn't match your show. But...
Well, no, but it shouldn't match my show. In other words, we've got enough imitation NIO Rogers already to go around and then some.
Exactly.
You know, everybody's got to do their own thing and develop their own style and not try to, you know, drain off of whatever I've been doing here for the last few years. It just doesn't make any sense. It's embarrassing.
Yeah. I kind of enjoyed what he was doing. It was kind of fun stuff.
Well, I think he'll land something and I think it'll be in the long run a lot better off for him.
Yeah. I don't doubt it. One of the things you mentioned, Hank Goldberg, this is old stuff, but I'm kind of curious.
Because I never really did hear what happened. Was it Hank and Steve who had that conflict about the dolphins and then Hank ended up saying, or somebody ended up saying that Steve would be gone in six months?
Yeah, but Hank blew it because he never put up the check. Steve gave Sharon who was here at that time, a thousand dollar check to hold.
What a shame.
And Hank, they blew it. He never put up the check. And if he would have, he would have had an easy grand, but it'd have been the easiest thousand he ever made in his life.
Yeah, wouldn't have been something.
Yeah. All right. Well, thank you.
Okay.
Of course, not Hank's only mistake of the year, but nobody's perfect. Listen, I don't take it personally. Don't take it hard.
But you are on occasion really full of crap. Okay. I mean, that thing about highly occlusion today and just breathless, breathless.
And then I waited yesterday. I kept turning the station on and I listened to Chuck Meyer and all our news reports and they had that press conference yesterday.
And then I watched the local news last night. And it's still kind of hard to figure out what the hell's going on over there. But it's said, it really is said.
And I know a lot of you don't care about horse racing and I understand that. Okay. But it is something that I care about just like I love baseball.
And other things. But the bottom line is it's an important part of the community. I mean, like it would be like if Belmont closed up in New York or like when Roosevelt raceway closed, then it did about a year ago in New York after all those years of great racing.
It's said, it's tragic and it's unfortunate. But of course, a lot of it is the fault of those of people in charge like Brunetti and Kenny know, especially, who I just can't say enough negative things about Kenny know at called a racetrack.
And I will I guarantee you this I will never go back to colder. I mean, when Gulf Stream opens in the January, I think it's on the 16th, I'll be tickled to death to go there. I love Gulf Stream. And the people there are super to me into the people in the media.
And they pulled off the breeder's cup weekend. They did it brilliantly. Everybody agrees on it. But Kenny know and he needs me like he needs a hole in the head. That's not the point. But it just a matter of principle.
And I heard through the grapevine that out of spite, he's talking about taking some advertising dollars off the station and sticking them elsewhere now because you know, we're not running the race results and we're not saying kind things about.
Well, you know, called her closes in a month anyway. So it's not going to a bankrupt WIOD and it's not going to make any difference to me. But the bottom line is what he has done.
The intimidation and the muscling that he's done and he's last weeks are just embarrassing. It's outrageous. So you won't see me there anymore Kenny. And I know you need me like a hole in the head. And I feel bad because there are a lot of the jockeys, Mike and Zalas, a lot of those guys who listen to the show and they're great guys and tremendous talents and Freddie Ferrell, the clerk of scales who's been great to us and our friend Phil, of course, who we hope is feeling great. But not for me. Never again. Okay. Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello.
Good evening. It's kind of interesting. I've been listening to you for a special long time. You come like a full circle where you went to the morning showing back around again. He and that same spot.
Well, you know what they say? What goes around comes around? Yeah, I'll tell you what. I have a real quick thing to ask you about the Camilla South. I plan on within a probably tomorrow today. I've sent it my check on it. But I happen to be in the coffee business and I know in the cold weather.
That something like that is really so nice and I happen to also have gotten a couple sample cases from suppliers. And it would be my pleasure to send them down to them.
Especially in that three-year station, a direct down to them. Either one. Okay. Either one. But I know because I really know that it really be worth your trip. Yeah, you bet.
And okay, just want to let you know really glad to hear you. And we're always there with you. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Bye. Yeah, they always can use clothing and food stuff and so on.
And a little later I'll play that PSA that we've got and it's got the phone number. I got to write that number down if we get afford a pen in here. We can't afford. Well, we can't afford at Marvin. It's a low budget show.
And we're making some of these cutbacks because the company's only worth what four or five billion dollars and we just can't afford these things.
Okay, we have an open line and Broward. Look at that. Thank you so much. Does it right though? That's the question. Look at that. It's got a little bit of ink left in there.
Open line in date 751 WIOD. Let's go to Lantana. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. The first time I'd heard of you. I was turned on you by a friend who knows that I'm a diehard cub fan.
And the only time we've ever spoken was when you were at Murphy's Bleacher bar and we talked for a couple of minutes about the cubs.
And I used to really look forward to hearing what you had to say the first thing in the morning either following a loss or a victory luckily.
Yeah. And you had some pretty astute observations. And I have to confess though, it was somewhat disappointed when you didn't amplify on what it was that you felt even.
Well, yeah, I didn't amplify it because as soon as I would start talking about it, I'd start getting these looks and he'd get red in the face and put the microphone lay it down on the table and make clunking sounds with it and put his head down. And I don't give a crap. I don't care if he's interested in the cubs or baseball or not.
The fact is that most people are interested in in some sport, whether it's baseball or football or whatever it might be or horse racing or a combination of all of them.
And I'm not going to sit here and put up with little temper tantrums all. I mean, there is another baseball season. Thank God.
And spring training is only really a couple of months away. You know, so I'm just not prepared to go through that again every day.
Right. And then later, I came to find out that you were a horse racing fan as well. And that's another close on my two main passions as it were.
And I also, you know, again, have been in notice of reticence that while you did speak about it, I always got the feeling that you could have done a little bit more on the yet.
Well, see, the thing we've been there and I did mention as Wally was here, so I'm not talking behind his back. But when he we started picking horses on the air, then suddenly he became really enamored with horse racing.
And he would watch the show on Sunshine at night and see the results and how the horse that he picked it became kind of an ego trip.
But up until that time, whenever I talked about horse racing, he and Stan both on I and Z. He used to just attack me mercilessly.
Oh, this is boring. And nobody wants to hear about it. And I heard Stan do that a couple of days ago. And he was ripping me for talking about Hylia.
Well, I happen to care about Hylia. I didn't use to when I admit to that. I used to be like everybody else and figured a hell with Brunetti and let him close down.
But then when you go out there and see how beautiful it is and how much better it is to have horses racing on dirt and on a sandbox, then you get a feeling for it.
And while I really like Gulfstream, I fell in love with Hylia the first time I saw it.
It's fabulous.
It's fabulous.
It's really a layout.
Fabulous.
Just incredible. I have yet to see Arlington, but looking forward to doing that too.
I think that Glenn offers a lot, but I tune in for you.
I think there is a wonderful time slot available. The Dicky Fargo stinks.
Yeah. Well, I certainly wouldn't give you any argument on that.
Yeah. I listened to him once and he was a raving lunatic that had very little to say.
So I was real surprised when I OD did hire him.
Yeah.
Well, that's my two cents worth and I'm looking forward to the new 90s season with the cops.
I've got the green room.
You and me both believe me. I miss it every day. It's like somebody is taking a piece of my life away.
And one of the only thing I'm sad about is that Dwayne Stance isn't going to be on the Cup broadcast anymore. He went to the Yankees.
I understand that. Oh well.
But we'll survive. We will.
As long as we got Harry and Steve will survive.
Okay. Have a good one.
You tune in.
Okay. It's 11 till 11 at W. I. D. We have a celebrity caller chronic.
Oh, Neil say it's not so. I have no life.
This is the man they were thinking of when they came up with that line.
Ladies and gentlemen, star of state. We want to wish happy birthday to Tanner by the way.
Yeah. This is birthday today.
Please 19 today. America 39 again.
America's second oldest teenager next to Stan Major.
And me and you.
Yeah. Not me. I'm an old fart. I believe.
I'm getting older every minute.
No, two things I want to say. First of all.
Yes, Don.
Are they are they going to stuff the flamingos and sell them her?
Don't be cruel. Will you please as Elvis would say? Don't be cruel.
The flamingos of be there come hell or high water as long as somebody feeds them. The flamingos will stick around.
But they just got them to breathe. I don't know. I mean, was it last year? They just figured out somewhere.
Well, leave it to you to be talking about that. You know, Mr. One Track Mind.
I don't know anything about bird breeding.
Our expert on that is no longer here.
The main reason I called was, you know, your audience seems to be missing a point here that you and I after two or three years in this business have finally realized it's only radio.
You know, people that are in radio understand that the entire dichotomy of the business is first of all you're going to get fired.
You're going to end it's a constant upheaval of employment.
Yeah. You're going to be changing jobs.
It's an awful business.
You're going to be changing jobs.
But let's raise it. There are very few people who are fortunate enough.
I want to hasten to add this to get that kind of a cushy position and be paid that amount of money for, you know, two and a half three years period of time.
So, well, some of us should do this again.
I've been doing it. I've been doing it for five months.
And I've been fired from some of the finest broadcast facilities in this country.
It's not easy to understand no question about it.
Well, listen, I hope you don't they're running any of those desparados out there in the everglades and keep yourself in one piece.
I'm trying my best and I'm looking forward to the stuffing of the flamingos.
Okay. Well, listen, the stuff stuck there.
Actually, to tell you the truth, I hope the park doesn't close.
It is probably the most beautiful racing.
You know, like I go to the track a lot.
I bought a pony or two at my time.
Uh-huh.
And I hope it doesn't.
I hope that, you know, I mean, it looks like it's inevitable, but I think it'll be a great loss to South Florida if we lose higher.
Because it is known for, you know, part of the persona around the country is highly of art.
Yeah. Well, listen, you're a great philosopher and God only knows where you'll wind up next.
Have a great day.
See ya.
Bye.
Don't hold your breath.
God almighty. You see a pain in the ass.
So at 10.52 at WIOD, let's talk about.
Where's my suit?
10.55 at WIOD.
Here's a mobile on the West Palm Line. Hello.
Hi, how you doing, Al?
Great.
I'm sorry to hear about, uh, bird.
I thought he was pretty good.
Yeah.
Is there anything, or you have liberty to mention if there's anything in the wind over there at WRD for him?
Well, I guess you just tune in.
I don't know. There's nothing in the wind, but I mean, he is a candidate for maybe something else here weekend, or I don't know.
Possible.
Now, I think you would be an upbeat.
I'm very disappointed with your, your afternoon show there.
Man, I think he's a down.
He's always down. If he can get that upbeat, he'd be, he'd be really good.
But like you, you're an upbeat.
Even though you say a lot of things negative, it's an upbeat message.
Upbeat negative, yeah.
Hey, now we know I mean, it's a negative right there, but I think that he would do very well and stand for what?
I think he would be very well.
Well, I think the business has made the stand a little bit psychotic and he's so insecure and outcourt-
Exactly.
After these things that Disney said in the paper this morning, I mean, he's, if he, if he shows up alive this afternoon,
it'll be one of the great miracles in the history of the business.
So the business tends to get you down and the fact that people don't call gets you down, but you're right.
You have to be upbeat.
I mean, I wish Glenn a lot of luck and wherever he goes, I think he was a good part with you, but I'm sure better things are happening.
I'm sure that. Okay, thanks a lot.
Thank you.
It's 1057 at W.I.D. and I don't rip stand.
I mean, jeez, don't we have enough problems already?
And it is true. He's a little on the grumpy side, but don't rip him.
Oh, that tiny Tim yesterday. Did that do it for me, man? Did that do it for me?
Tipped out through the tulips.
I mean, Stan, you know, I thought the Clancy Brothers was pretty outrageous. Okay, but tiny Tim.
And, you know, and we got sucked into that. There's no question about that.
We love our friends up there in Hemingways. We wish them all a luck in the world.
I know they're going to be a sponsor and they got great food. But tiny Tim.
Oh, Janette, of course, you notice after three, it was like death Valley days for a while there.
And I just, Stan doesn't understand that. So you have to drive everybody away.
And you wonder, when are they coming back? Maybe Stan will come in early today.
We can have a little, oh gee, that would be bad. That would be bad.
Wouldn't that be a bad idea on the first day with Berteless? That might be...
But I was thinking we could have like a little seminar.
Okay, and see if we can't come to a meeting of the mines.
Let's go to Hollywood, a mobile.
Yeah, I ain't doing it.
Okay.
I want to clarify something about the race tracks.
Who should we actually be blaming? The other tracks or that stupid racing commission?
Both. All of them. I play on all of them.
Because I still don't understand. How do we get the racing commission?
How do we get them? I think they're appointed by the governor.
By the governor? Nobody elects them.
Because they are a bunch of jerks.
Yes, they are. They don't know anything about the sport. They don't know anything.
They don't know anything about paramutuals. It happens all the time no matter who the governor is.
They put some puts in there who knows nothing about the sport.
And that's what they give to the sport.
Here the state is in partnership with the sport and gets a piece of the action.
And so it's in their best interest to see it work out.
And this whole idea of deregulation was so crazy.
Everybody knew it was going to be an unmedicated disaster just to let anybody run anytime they want.
It's crazy. And if they don't get control of it again and straighten it out,
horse racing is going to be history in this state.
And they say that they back the horsemen.
They never back them from day one.
Wow, they sure don't. Never one.
Okay, well, let's go on.
We'll all move to Georgia somewhere.
Okay, at least they don't have any gambling up there because they're all righteous honorable people
who drink a lot of beer and go to church on Sunday.
Anyway, we have an open line in Broward now at 524 WIOD, 524 9463.
Our poll is should we have Stan come in a little early today or not?
And right now Chuck Meyer is standing by.
Chuck of course is going to correct all the misinformation that Hank gave you two days ago.
And we'll come back with our number 2 at 1105.
Stan today will be discussing the tiny Tim Show at 2 this afternoon.
Radio 610 WIOD presents Neil Rogers.
To get in touch and talk call 751 WIOD and date.
524 WIOD in Broward or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach.
Other areas may call collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or caller are not necessarily those of the station.
Now here's Neil Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD.
Well, don't you love those long rejoins? I love them.
Anyway, do you think this would be in port taste?
It wouldn't, okay.
Chuck said it would be in port taste.
And he also said that Hank's story the other night about highly it was in port taste.
Okay, it's 1106 at WIOD. Well listen, we don't, boy, I feel like I've loosened up a little bit.
You know, I've been so uptight for so long.
And I don't know, I think that developed during baseball season.
I'm not blaming that unglent, but it just developed that way.
And it just got to the point that when I saw him, I thought a Don Zimmer.
You know, and it just got to me.
Anyway, the Boka and Palm Beach line, I guess all the excitement, the initial excitement is wearing off.
I see Palm Beach is ringing, but Boka, just like this week has been pretty slim on the Boka line.
278-9463-278-WIOD.
Stan, this afternoon, no guest today. Thank God.
And Sports Talk with Hank will try to defend that outrageous story that he had on the other night.
I mean, he was close, but a week off.
And then a little abbreviated version because we got UN Basketball,
the hurricanes in Dayton at 730 from the arena with the sunny and Joe.
And the Ted Coppel will be guesting on Larry King tonight.
And Dion on Bob Costas, for those of you who are in Somniac, you're stay up that late.
I can't do it anymore. I'm getting too old.
But the Dion will be on Costas. You might want to tape it.
Okay, South Miami. Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was listening with this May yesterday to all of the cures for your dog.
Yeah. And I have a very simple solution for you, Neil.
By the way, I want to thank the listener who came by my house last night at 6 o'clock
to bring me some of that tar shampoo or whatever it is.
Well, I'll tell you that that will have an unpleasant odor.
And I can heal your dog with just with a touch, with a touch of my hand, Neil.
Now, I am the pastor who has given up on you.
I am the pastor who has given up on you.
But your dog, if your dog can take the Lord Jesus Christ into his heart.
Yes, sir.
And confess for his sins like making deposits on your floor.
Oh, I see. Man is going to stop hurting us.
Go ahead.
And possibly he might be able to make a deposit into our pot.
Yeah.
And, uh...
Well, in fact, I'll bring him over this afternoon after the show.
And I guarantee he can make a real healthy deposit for you.
Well, that's what we need.
That's what we need. And I can cure your dog.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Good luck to you, sir. We'll be seeing you.
Okay.
Eight after 11 at WIO Dean.
And we have an open line in Dade where pastor Raheijing's just hung up at 751 WI.
I want to recommend it again.
I'm almost through with the book.
And we do amazingly enough.
We have a few people in this audience who read books, which is very hard to find in this country nowadays.
And I know that because every time we bring one up, we get people calling in, whether it was the stranger beside me, the Bundy book,
which I guess you must have seen some of you, the thing on Channel 39 again last night on the night before with Mark Harmon.
But the book about Jim and Tammy Faye is just so great.
It's called Forgiven. It's 600 pages.
It takes forever, but it's one of those you don't put down. It's tremendous.
Just amazing the stuff that they were pulling off almost is outrageous and what goes here at IOD.
Let's go to, oh, we got a cane spy report from New York.
Is this from New York?
Yes it is.
How you doing?
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Great.
Good. Steve did his star spankled banner show this morning.
You know, he wants to replace the star spankled banner with a tune that I can't recognize.
But he had a lot of the flag waivers calling in this morning.
Be quite honest with you. He sounds like a fish out of water, Neil.
Really?
He doesn't sound like the steep cane that I knew when I drove home in the afternoon.
Well, you got to understand it. It takes time to re-acclimate.
That's one of the reasons you know, Steve used to rip me for the fact that I've been in this market so many years.
And I've had chances to go to New York and to Philadelphia and to Boston and to Chicago recently.
And when you go someplace else, I don't care how long you've been on the air.
It's like starting all over again.
You've got a totally new audience. Nobody knows who the hell you are.
And I mean, if you go somewhere else in the same market, then it's a different story.
But if you change markets and you go a thousand miles away or two thousand miles away, you've got to start from scratch.
And believe me, it takes months before you get the feel of the audience and they start, you know, getting a feel for what you do and who you are.
And you've got to start all over.
I wish him well because I don't want to move him back into the house, you know.
I tried to call him a couple of times.
They've got quite a screening process up here.
It's a team that's doing much different. The quality of the calls are quite unbelievable.
Yeah, plastic probably.
Or do all the calls sound like professional callers?
They really do.
Yeah, I hate that.
They do sound like they've been...
That's how it is in Tampa.
Every caller sounds like another top show host like a rock and roll taco.
Hey, how you doing? Great call there by Joe.
And, geez, it's nauseating there.
I'd rather hear even the pinheads. I'd rather hear from a bunch of morons because that's what's really out there, okay?
That's right.
I'm going to have a bunch of intellectuals running around in this. Now we've got a bunch of jackass.
I'm one of them.
Well, I'll leave you alone.
Okay, I'll leave you alone.
When you're biggest fans.
Okay, what are you doing up there?
It's freezing.
Okay, keep it up.
On the way back, see.
Okay, 11 after 11 at a WIOD.
Look at that. A little Steve Kane's spirie port from New York.
Okay, Boca and Pob Beach are open.
So I think things are settling down a little bit.
I've got to be real honest with you that this is not what I expected today.
I mean, we got a long way to go, but this is not at all what I expected today.
I expected 500 calls like that bitch that called me.
What's the real reason that was yet thread?
I expected at least 500 of her, okay?
And maybe it'll happen. You never know. Toyota of Hollywood.
I didn't even have to tune in.
I heard you had to show yesterday.
Same old douching in the same old talking.
Come on, give us a break.
Okay, it's 11, 15 at WIOD.
Blinds are lit up like a Hanukkah boys in Pro-Rai.
Wouldn't it be great if they had a giant Hanukkah boys in Pro-Rai?
Where does US1 divides down there?
There could be a enormous Hanukkah boys for all the Yiddloss in Pro-Rai and Homestead.
Okay, let's go to a Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
What a coincidence.
Is one of those who got snubbed that year last appearance of Toyota of Hollywood.
I don't blame you a bit. I think this was long and coming.
Well, it was long and coming.
There was nothing that happened recently to inspire it.
But it just had to happen.
You know, by comparison, I went to see you and Steve Troy squandered the second time at Toyota.
And if Steve Tane managed to act like a human being out in public,
let's see why it was so hard for Glenn.
Well, I was kind of embarrassed.
There are certain things you say to people.
And there are some people who absorb it and they understand it.
And there are other people who are like a piece of coral.
You know, they really don't absorb anything.
My theory about what happened is that, you know, Glenn didn't have that top spot all the time.
I mean, he was really struggling in the industry and you elevated him to a position.
I don't think he was really ready for in terms of his behavior.
And, you know, he came across as an amateur when I saw him up at Toyota of Hollywood.
By the way, that was the Dork lady.
Oh, yeah, the Dork lady in Robin.
Yeah, that was an embarrassing performance.
And the thing of it is that after one of these things would happen, he would always deny it.
Oh, that didn't happen. I didn't do that.
And I don't know. He really has his own priorities and his own agenda and his own idea of what he enjoys
and what's amusing and what's funny and what Johnny Dark,
whom I find to be a really objectionable pain in his ass, freeloading guy.
And that would be fine for his show.
I really do believe that if he had his own stick and his own show,
I think he could do very well on this station or another one.
But not, not, I just, I just can't sit here and try to pacify all of his whims
because that's not what I do.
Yeah, well, look at this quote in the newspaper. The biggest shock on my life.
I could see this coming.
Yeah. I'm shocked that he said that.
He said that to me last night on the phone several times and I didn't say anything to that.
But I was shocked that he was shocked because certainly there have been enough episodes
over the last few months that he should have seen it coming.
Yeah, and you've given him more than enough chance.
You know, you said it before. I don't think you mentioned it today,
but you had enough off-ear talks with him to readjust his behavior.
And I never seen anything change.
Well, the bottom line is you hate his guts and you're glad he's gone.
I mean, let's not be the runner for you.
Thank you, Neil.
Well, see, I don't want to do that because I don't.
I don't dislike him at all. I like him personally.
But professionally, I just feel that he's got to do his own thing.
Well, Neil, I've been listening to you since I was a child.
And quite frankly, seeing the response and hearing the response,
so far, I don't, you know, I'm really amazed.
I don't think that there are that many people out there who are going to go to 100 Biscayne Tower
and jump off the top floor. I just don't think that's going to happen.
Absolutely. As a matter of fact, I thought today was going to be cranked day for four hours,
but it hasn't been.
Up until this call.
No, Neil. Neil, I'm a big fan of him listening to you since your Tuesday.
Just a joke, if you think Michael's would say.
Okay, Neil. Well, you're doing great and keep it up.
Okay, we probably have enough material to get till noon.
Okay, see ya. 1119 at WIO Dean, and we have an open-line in Brown.
Maybe the Dean could come on and be the sidekick.
Of course, when I am on the air, no one else needs to be on the air.
Yeah. Yeah.
Whatever happened to the Dean, is he on? Does anybody know? Is he on PBR?
Now, there's another interesting sidebar to this too, and that's fat rich.
I know Johnny Dark will not be coming by anymore.
Oh, thank the Lord.
But how about that rich? Now, fat rich, of course, if there's food in here, I guess they'll probably come by, right?
He came by on Monday, and plus he's involved in the Camilla South thing.
He's made a commitment to put all the names on a computer and all the donations and so on,
which reminds me, by the way, is anybody bringing any mail in anymore?
Yesterday and today so far, nothing.
And I know there's plenty of mail out there, and I sure wish I knew what the hell they were doing with it.
I guarantee you, we got a crapload of mail if you pardon that expression,
and I think they must be eating it or something upfront, because I like to keep this Camilla South thing current.
And through yesterday, we had allegedly $2,400 bucks, but I know we got a lot more than that if we could ever get the rest of the mail open.
And get it in here, and a few people will get off your ass and get those checks in the mail.
OK, do it today, and I'm going to keep bugging you about it right through the end of the year, OK?
But especially before Christmas, we want to get all that cash in, so we can turn it over to the Camilla South,
and they can use it to help the people who need it at the holiday time.
Miami Lakes.
Yes, good morning.
Yes, sir.
I wonder if you could clarify something for me.
I'm not a big track fan. I go there occasionally to such a nice place to go, and not a big bet.
But I've bought a few seats or so.
Are you talking, or are they talking about closing the doors?
Are we talking permanently?
Resist the place over there.
Possibly, possibly.
And all depends on what happens at the meeting next Wednesday in Tallahassee.
It depends on what the legislature allows him to do.
If they allow him to bow out of this meeting and continue to keep his racing permit, then, you know,
any one of a number of things might happen.
The state may start to regulate it again in end deregulation, in which case they would assign the dates,
and he might decide to run that 40-day serotonin type meeting, which has been suggested,
or a number of other things could happen.
It all depends on what they decide next Wednesday.
They don't rotate the dates anymore like the Houston.
No, no, see what happened this year, the craziest thing ever, they decided to stay just through their hands up in the year,
and they said, OK, total deregulation.
You run whenever you want to run, and we're just getting out of it, which was the dumbest thing anybody could ever do.
And now it's just about caused the demise of Halea.
So if they see the light up there, they'll realize that that's never going to work,
and they're going to go back to regulation and setting the dates.
It would just be a shame, it would be a crime, never going to move that quick.
A crime is the word.
You know what it is to try and get into a park around here somewhere on a weekend,
or so just to go sit in a chair or whatever you might want to do.
And there isn't one in any county that I can think of that can even match the beauty of that place.
I agree.
And what do you pay to get in there?
Two bucks to walk in the door?
Now you can get in most of the days, people can get in free.
Because there's got to be something done about this.
I'm with you.
OK, well, cross your fingers.
I'll try.
Thank you.
So yeah, Hank will keep us posted.
22 after 11, it definitely won.
Now I will say this, we do have some people in the building with selfish motives
who are glad that we have an empty chair over there so that they can suck up more free food,
but that's OK.
We understand.
It's good to day two.
I mean, it's always good, but it's great.
Also, the good news is that they've been hoarding the mail,
and there is some Camilla's house mail all of them up.
Yeah, here is a bunch.
Good, great.
Uh-huh.
OK, because I always get a little bit nervous about what was going on with this stuff,
but Nitz here, and this is even without today's mail, but you know, it's a trickle.
It's a start.
So probably we got about $3,000 or maybe a little more than that once they tally all of this in as well.
And I'm sure that that rich will be here tomorrow, right?
In spite of all the goings on here, I'm sure he'll show up and continue to
handle that thing and handle the food that comes in.
OK, $11.26 at WIOD, we have a call from Haya Lea.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
Good.
Let's be a nomen or something.
It seems every time I call Wayne Arnold just comes in with a bunch of nearly-burns.
Yeah, that's it.
Here's your voice, and that does it.
Well, we get half a dozen, at least once a week from there.
They're great.
They are great.
About the bird, I used to listen to him when he was on 94, and he was doing the night time or something.
And he was great.
I used to listen to him all the time.
It was perfect for him.
He just didn't do well in your show for some reason.
I don't know what it was.
I mean, when you guys would play off each other, it'd be great, but then he'd start bitching and complaining.
And it'd be bad.
You'd have to almost turn the radio off.
Yeah, I don't like to apologize for the things that I want to talk about.
And as far as the audience is concerned, if they're not interested, they can shut it off.
Yeah.
But to be sitting in here and after a fight with somebody about what I'm going to talk about,
and yeah, then he would go a couple of days and it would settle down again.
And then we'd be right back where we started again.
It was like a constant recurring, like a bad yeast infection that wouldn't go away.
There'd be one thumbs in to give his line.
There'd be one subject that he didn't want to listen to or talk about.
Well, the two real one, baseball and upstate in New York were the two.
I mean, there were others, but those two in particular were just like the kiss of death.
What's wrong with upstate New York?
Well, I don't know.
I guess it's just not as important as Lakeland.
What are you looking for, Nick?
There's a whole bunch in here.
We've got all kinds of stuff. Don't panic.
Yeah, well, I like them. Like I say, I'm not really sorry to see them off your show.
So in other words, you think the popular consensus is that the world will not come to an end?
Not today.
It's not tomorrow either.
But maybe on Friday.
Maybe on Friday.
Where it gets her paycheck and spend it on.
There you go.
Okay, thanks a lot.
One more thing.
Yes, sir.
I have an office right here across the highly erased track.
And we go there once in a while, usually on Saturday.
And I like it. It's a beautiful place.
And I don't know if this is another bad home.
But I see about 45 or 50 large,
winged black birds hovering over the thermals.
Yeah, I think that means something.
I don't know. It must mean something.
Okay.
See you later.
Bye.
28 after 11 at WIOD.
They are racing today at Highlyah, by the way.
I think yesterday they hit the all-time low.
Ninety-four thousand dollar handle.
I mean, we could take up that much in an office pool in this building,
especially if Hank came in.
But I think a lot of people were concerned and didn't know whether they were even going to be open or not.
They are racing today.
They'll be closed tomorrow, which is their regular schedule.
And then they'll race Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday,
or next week.
And then that'll probably be it, because they're having the meeting next Wednesday.
But in the meantime, like I said at the beginning of the show, it would be just amazing.
If people finally are awakened by this omen of what's going on here these last two days,
and the weekend, especially Saturday, Sunday, and then Monday, when they run on a pose,
if they just, if we really showed them something and had some big turnouts out there,
I don't know what it would do, but at least maybe it might keep it open eventually,
so that they come back and resume the meeting somewhere along the line,
as opposed to just closing down permanently, which everybody agrees it would be a disaster.
I mean, if you don't go out there and then they close it down,
and you say, boy, isn't that sad? Don't blame everybody else.
Blame yourself for not going out there, and at least giving them a shot of making a comeback, okay?
Okay.
Because you know this tremendous influence that I have.
In fact, Wayne Arnold was just in with the food, and I asked him,
did you get a lot of response to our plea for a cook?
And he said, not yet.
So I'm disappointed about that. Let me just mention that again in a non-commercial way.
Wayne Arnold, that Arnold's Royal Castle desperately, because they're doing so much business,
needs to hire another cook, so stop in there, see Wayne or Bernadette,
and fill out an application at Arnold's Royal Castle.
They especially need somebody who's fast in the morning, it says.
So if you're fast in the morning, there's just something lacking there, isn't there?
If you're fast in the morning, that's terrible. Let me just import taste.
Okay, 1130 at WIOD, Pembroke Pines.
Yes, sir.
Neil Rogers speaking.
A couple things real quick. What paper is that thing on the bird?
Someone wrote an article on them?
That's in the herald, and there's a little piece in the Sun Sentinel.
Okay. Now something about Haley, I'm not a big race fan,
but yesterday something really hit me out, was watching a rerun of the Andy Griffiths show.
And they were having a bookmaker over in Floyd's Barber Shop.
And when they finally bust the case, they said that Haley must have had a really good day.
And this is like from the early 60s.
Yeah, that's the last time they did have a really good day.
Well, it just really kind of hit me at that point right there, and how old it is, and everything like that.
65 years.
65. All righty.
Have a good day.
You too.
Boy, really, what is happening to all the themes here?
Have any idea? Roger puts these in order, and I can't find a damn thing.
Oh, God, and I got to stand up to get it.
One moment, please.
It has no impact now after the call is over.
I have to confess, too, by the way.
I hate Andy Griffith. He makes me physically ill. He makes me nauseous.
He makes me almost as sick as Bob Denver.
It's 11.32 a.w.y.o.d. Let's go to, um, didn't we just do Pemberg Pines?
You're my dreaming. We did okay. Poppano.
Hey, how's it going?
Okay.
I got rid of the bird, huh?
Bird is, uh, flown the coop.
Wow.
I don't know.
I think it'll be good.
It's gonna be hard to get used to.
Yeah.
It did give a little bit of balance in.
Some of us don't like to hear about some of the things we talk about some time.
Yeah. Well, you know what?
You don't care.
Yeah.
Good thinking.
I knew that before you even made this call.
It didn't get you.
Yeah, it's okay. I don't care.
I mean, if you don't like, I'll tell you how I do on my radio if I'm listening to something,
and they start talking about things I don't care about, or if the clientsy brothers come on,
I turn a dial, that's all.
Or I pop or I pop a CD in the thing, you know.
Why don't you put bird on with Stan?
Well, we'll discuss it.
Just bring it up to Stan. See what he says.
I'll see how long you're on the year.
It'll save, um, it'll save Stan's problem.
Maybe it puts a little action in his show, maybe.
Well, do you think Stan has got a problem?
Now, see, I shouldn't have asked that because now I'm inviting, I know you're gonna rip him.
I know it.
Where are you?
I listen to him, but it's not quite as exciting as it could be at that time.
Has it used to be?
Something missing, you know.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know.
Calls.
Well, the calls do come in.
He blames them all on you, the bad calls.
He says they're left over from your show.
Yeah, well, thanks a lot Stan.
No, I'll tell you, he, uh, see the problem is his followers there.
That group he's got the juniors, EJ and DJ.
They don't know how to find a happy medium.
See, they've abandoned him totally, which is wrong.
Nobody, and then he blames that on me too, that I've scared them off.
You know, they can come in once in a while, have a good time and help them along.
You had a little fun and different, you know, a little variety of the show.
But the problem is it's either feast or famine with some of these people.
They have to either come in and take over the whole show or they shine you all together.
And that's wrong.
Well, it's funny.
It's like I listen to them and it's like I hear them out there begging for calls.
And it's like the people who do call, you know, a lot of people just call to rip them.
And it's like, and they, it's like, I don't know, I just don't think that...
How come those people are listening every day?
A lot of people are listening, I think.
You know, I listen, but like I said, it sometimes gets pretty ponderous, yeah?
And I'm like ready to go, oh, you know, fall asleep here, you know?
It's like, but it's okay, but it's not that great.
You know.
You sure have a great way of expressing it, I'll tell you.
It's really something.
It's about the way he expresses it when he's on the air, you know?
It's like, well, my show is okay.
Well, you've got to understand he's been sleeping for a year and a half and a year and a half.
A guarantee a rip van winkled and wake up overnight.
Walking the dog for a year and a half, well.
And his sleep, sleepwalking the dog.
Give him a chance now.
I'm out of material.
Because you know what'll happen, then if that doesn't work out, then I'll get playing for everything.
Well, you know, I think it'll be good to have his own thing somewhere, you know, something happened.
He's got to find his own thing.
I think so, I was a bird fan, you know, but I'll listen to you anyways.
Well, in spite of it.
Okay, have a great day.
Bye.
I sure like the enthusiastic way that the guy presented it.
I can't find that card.
Oh, here it is.
Well, look at this.
The food is so good today.
The Nick is coming back for more, but he's not getting that just in case.
Here's a BLT.
No, okay.
What Marvin?
Oh, Marvin would like a little something.
Okay, I mean, don't let him stay in there starving the death.
Although he deserves it.
We have an open line in date, 751, WIO Dean.
And we have one in Boca and Delray at 278-9463-278WIOD.
Don't forget, stand the man, stand major at 2 this afternoon.
We'll be here to Alibi for that tiny Tim Show yesterday, okay?
Tip 2 through the tulip.
I could do that too.
I'll be honest with you.
I could do that no problem.
Just give myself a little ukulele.
And the amazing thing is the guy is still making money.
All he says he cares about is waking up every day.
He's happy when he wakes up.
And there's another one at all to kiss the ground, man.
There's a guy with talent that's still undiscovered.
24 till noon at WIO Dean will be right back.
For the last year, Flagler...
Stand major.
Now on NewsTard Radio 610, WIO Dean, if you've missed the last show, you've missed this.
Well then what the hell is your problem?
Cain is in New York, fella.
When he was doing show, I don't want Cain back.
I just told you that.
Well then who do you want?
I do.
Who do you want?
You want Alan Furck?
It's 1139, 21 till noon at WIO Dean.
More to come a little later.
Oh Stan will come in at one if I want.
And PBR drops its pants.
Drops the format.
Are you serious?
For VCG type crap.
Oh so in other words they're selling Ukrainian melodies
and all that other Creole hits on PBR.
I don't believe it.
One of America's great talk stations ladies and gentlemen, WPBR bites the dust.
Oh my god.
Look at this.
I'm never going to find the music.
I'm never going to find the appropriate thing that I need in here.
Roger, I'm going to tell you.
You got more cards than Carter's got pills.
This is incredible.
Now I never find it.
I was going to play the death march for PBR.
And the worst part of it is that our friend old Whatsis name.
Jim from hot 105.
What the hell is his name?
Jim, the guy who did all this stuff for us for crying out loud.
Who does Lee Fowler, Jr.
Jim Whatsis name.
With an S.
No not G Michael McCay.
Oh please.
Jim Skyler.
God almighty.
Marvin, you're a real radio maven.
A radio Marvin.
It's 19 till noon at WIOD.
Isn't that something?
Stan is coming in at one o'clock.
God, that's going to kill the show.
Now just a joke Stan.
Now see, he is so sensitive.
He'll take that personally.
He's got a lighten up man.
He has reached a point of paranoia that is so great that every minute he's looking around like who's following me.
He's a set up.
He's got his paycheck the other day.
He opened it up and said it was a set up.
So he'll come in and we'll just see if we can't bring him into reality or something.
There's still some hope there.
Not a lot but there's still some hope.
Here's a mobile on the book line from Fort Lauderdale.
Are they there?
Of course not.
I know Nick.
There's nothing wrong with that line.
It's just my imagination.
Okay, let's go to Ohio.
Ohio, Lea.
Hello.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
You're talking about Ohio, Lea having bad handle problems.
What about Flagler?
I didn't see him.
You didn't see Flagler's old track?
How much did they do?
202 the other day.
In order he used to handle them.
Then 7800,000.
Yeah.
Oh, well listen, that's what's happened between the lottery.
Let me give you a little example.
They have this new racing commissioner named Jones.
Right?
And that...
He drinks a lot of cool aid.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, they have kennels.
And long-read row, right?
And for 40 years they've been given pills for females, right?
He comes in and is going to take guys racing commissioner license that have these pills in their kennel
and find them stupid stuff like that.
And they know nothing about the racing commissioner.
Now they got a guy that...
That is correct.
They got a guy that's writing a new rulebook for Greyhound Racing.
And he was in the arm race for 30 years, which is alright, you know.
But now he's writing a new rulebook on racing commission for the Greyhound.
And I can't believe he knows nothing about dogs.
And the racing commissioner has created their own problem in Highlyah, the Gulf Stream.
It's St. Pete Dog Track, all the dog tracks in the United States.
I'm going to stay before.
They're doing it.
And there's a lottery ain't hurt them.
That's a big...
No, it's not a big crock.
It's true.
The lottery is devastating.
Well, I tell you.
It is.
They just had this bill go through passing for the state to give the dog people a raise, right?
This gang kennel club was for it.
And they was originally there.
Now when they come out to give the extra percent of the dog men, the track didn't want it.
They were on the same beat.
So the simple fact is they wouldn't want to give the money out.
You know, you get more money for winning a great sea race.
And Charles from West Virginia where they only handle 90,000 a night,
then you do a flood bulk track the day.
I believe it.
And you got the best dogs in the country running down here.
Yeah.
The poor guys are high later.
Well, let's all pick up and move to Georgia, sir.
So I can say,
oh, WPVR bites to dust.
I don't want to keep going back and regressing, but boy, that's incredible.
They were really doing it too.
They were up to what?
About a point three in a last trend.
They are really smoking.
And they've given that up.
Look at what Howard Primer did over at KAT.
He dropped everything and he put all that, he just sold all those,
what do they call that, brokering time, which is like,
it should be criminal to do that, okay, with the radio station to just have the license
and sell chunks of time to people to put any crap on here that they want,
no matter how, there might only be like six people listening at a given time
and they're making a fortune doing that.
And then they just bought radio swave, which I don't understand how they can own two AMs in the same market.
But it's a strange business.
I've lost track.
I can't keep up with it anymore.
Anyway, we have it opening in Dave County at the 751WYOD West Palm Beach.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Great.
I listen to you all the time, but I moved to San Francisco about six months ago.
No.
Yeah, Neil.
It's great.
I love it out there.
I returned last week though, you know, I'm on business and I listened to the Sean Wednesday and Thursday
and you're on vocation.
Yeah.
And the bird had Joey and Johnny Dark there.
Yeah.
It's dangerous, you know, to, I think it's foreshadowed, what was going to happen to have Joey?
No, I thought that Joey is, you know, I knew he was going to have Joey on.
And when I go on vacation, I understand that it's not easy to do the show alone for him.
And, you know, Joey comes in and makes a lot of noise and, and cackles in his own way
and does a lot of stupid stuff.
But Johnny Dark is just another one of those irritants.
It's kind of like I inherited him with the territory, you know.
And he just to get some of my nerves, he really does.
Well, I was going to, it's kind of like a balance, like a trade-off, whether it's more valuable
to have those cousin Brucey things that he does or to get him out of the studio, you know.
Well, I came back this week, you know, and, and, and then this.
And I, I don't want to get too burdened, because I really wanted to talk about the horses.
I just think that, you know, that the bird needs to get his own act.
You're the, you're the show.
And, you know, this is what people are listening to.
Well, I think he lost track of that somewhere along the line for a second.
For example, he used to make the comment and he used to bother me.
Not that I have an ego problem because I don't.
But he would say, you know, when Neil is away, the ratings are the same.
And there's no way that's true number one.
And number two, you know, every time I do come back,
it takes about two or three weeks to get the audience back, no matter who fills in.
And that doesn't, I'm not saying that from an ego standpoint.
But the fact is, it just isn't the same.
Yeah, but when you go on vacation, I mean, people still listen because it's the Neil Rogers show.
I mean, I turn it off a lot of times because I don't, my interest are more with you.
And he, you know, he talks about all these and, you know, movies and all that other stuff.
And I'm not, you know, what's like I said would be great for him to have his own show
because there are a lot of people who are into the things he talks about.
But the problem is most of those things are things that I'm not interested in.
Yeah, well, I also think that, you know, when you guys were in the morning, it was a little different.
Absolutely.
We had a little entertainment, a little conversation about it.
Well, it's a little, it's a little different.
But I really wanted what I called about is, I'm in the California legislature now.
You're in the California legislature.
I work for somebody who is a legislator.
And I put the blame, you know, and that one of the reasons that I changed my job is that this is the stupidest, the worst legislature, the worst governor, the worst leaders are in Florida now.
Yeah, and so that's not the question.
I mean, I think that's the reason why I think that this is the reason why I think that this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason
why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this
is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why
I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is
I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is
the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I
think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the
reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think
this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason
why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this
is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why
I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is
the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I
think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the
reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think this is the reason why I think
I feel like I lost a giant bowling ball on my back and I don't want him to take that personally all the way I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will I know he will
wrote many projects and resources for a long time for a long time for a long time for a long time for a
career in a shrinkage lunch and for a long time
for a long time for a long time for a long time for a long time for a long time for a long time but at the age of
that southern belt doesn't want to believe that
and others in the building at a one-of-match index name because he's standing in
a control room but there are those people who don't believe that there's a
problem on that vocal line trust me
there is a problem on the vocal line
also
a full collins is done this record another day in paradise
about the homeless
and stations all over the country are playing it in them bringing attention to
the point of the homeless and raising money etcetera
and i hope you get those checks in the mail of this week
please get those checks in the mail for from the house care of the erotic
wio d
my amy three three one four one
and for every of the contribution of twenty bucks or more we sent out that
cute cassette with all that crap
i never heard that before in my life but it seemed like that's where it would be
okay debra martina is a standing by ladies and gentlemen with some more news
that we made up in our wio d newsroom
will come back with our number two twelve oh five and stick around now stand
maybe a budding in here at any moment
radio six ten wio d presents
neal ranchers to get in touch and talk call seven five one wio d
and day five two four wio d and broard or six five five and two seven eight
wio d and the bomb each other areas make all collect the opinions expressed by
the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station now
here's neal ranchers on new stock radio six ten wio d
we got everything covered now everything's under control we just got tomorrow's
promo sheet for thursday december four
Thursday december four okay
now it's interesting because today is the six
but nick has his own special way of doing these just incredible just unbelievable
and the shocking news on this particular sheet is dicky far call is going to be
doing Saturday from two till six
so if glenn is listening right there is a real immediate possibility okay
all right we have bokeh and pop beach open and we're starting i'm just get the
feeling that uh... the bloom is off the rose already we are even through one
full
uh... solo show in the bloom is a little bit off the rose
bokeh two seven eight wio d and pop beach six five five
nine four six three six five five wio d
oe vet types these up
well that's what happens when you hang around boy gary and is evil twin too long
of that
you start having serious problems i know it's not all here she comes
racing in here
what
it's your fault okay well don't ever do it again okay just stay away from uh
evil twin in there
okay let's get back to these calls because they really been something federal
opera here but this is from saying what on the air
let's go to south bokeh
what the hell is that hello
are you in south bokeh yeah well i'm
basically parkland but i can't say i'm on the borderline
yeah you sound like you're on a borderline
let me ask you a question you
mhm when you're back on the faded days and yet caprita and the bird yeah
did they get along pretty well or there's the same type of conflict that should
like the way you they didn't uh... have much to do with each other
everybody got along okay because we all went our separate ways
right
maybe should take day with you
i don't need to take anybody with me
right i agree i agree for sure
davis up in c addle he's doing fine he's got his own thing now he's and that's
what everybody should strive for should strive for the road show
not to be some underling this somebody else you know
well one thing came good about it now that the birds gone i don't want to rip
up my life is this yes you do what what you would know why do you say that
no because why do you want all
because i want to
complete this sentence but i'm going to say i'm sure you agree
uh... now that he's gone at least not to your johnny got dark and that
wonderful uh...
you know guest the clue on the song type thing we don't have to hear johnny
dark that is correct that is correct
johnny is just a
you know i don't dislike johnny but he's a depressing person and when he's
around it's like he knows everything and all the rest of us are morons you know
and he looks at you with that condescending look like she's anybody knows that
you know and i just the big bugs me
the plan bugs man he's a freeloader he's one of the worst freeloaders i've
ever seen in my life he was talking
last week to go in some radio station in may
yeah w o f f uh... right uh... just wondering i guess that's why you never
listen have a great day and we sure something talking to you it's a
twelve oh nine and w i d uh... boy that frog is come back maybe it's that
flam that they were talking about yesterday
uh... look at that boy dark char truce
put that in your collection wouldn't be something you know how like people
collect stamps
and they collect baseball cards if you can have a flam collection
and you can have an album and it can have special little packets
that you would put the uh... hey listen it could be valuable someday they left it
baseball cards okay it could be where it's Steve might buy it
and you could put the various the dates on the uh bottom of the thing you know
in an album all through your life that could be pretty exciting homestead
meal speaking of flam yes
oh come on well it's a pretty flamie place in it
yeah you got a point there uh... you didn't mention the uh... little diddy and uh...
frittascus column well that's because i didn't see it
okay do you have a paper front of no okay what's not a port i do it on
all right it says best laid plans to
no
all right it says jimmy rickter of size rivergate sent a hundred and fifty
dollar platter stone crabs to neorodger side click
glid hill the bird
a radio station w.o.d hill gobbled him down noisley on the air
and gust wonderful everybody out to eat it jose
oh are you serious yes it's right there it's on the very front page of what
this was the last week
most paper
but i'm saying about that last week that's what he did it sure
yeah but uh... uh... what i called about was uh... about a year ago
being uh... my dad told me about this is uh... we we got the monorail
because you know living there in the bowels of the county
and we got a monorail at the metro rail we don't have a monorail here on a metro
metro rail okay and uh... we wrote it up to highly a park and we went through
the tube there you know because let's you out right across the road yeah
and uh... we had breakfast and watched police practice they did it every
Sunday they put out a big buffet and if it just has the people down here
go out there and see the park yeah
because the point is not run to well it's a little uh... it's a little late for
all of this you'll be aizing that everybody's doing now you know it's just uh...
too late
yeah that's maybe
and also uh... you know uh...
i think like uh... the bird really lost perspective of what is what is
rule was with your show
and uh... because we went to a couple of uh...
of the uh... live things you did
and like he didn't want to do with the people coming out the same stuff
yeah i didn't uh... i didn't care for that and i just uh... i don't know what is uh...
added to the reason of course he he is guilty of a lot of self denial in other
words you would do these things and then
when you'd uh... people would approach him with that he would deny it and uh... it's
very difficult to deal with people like that because if
if they had that denial factor you can't discuss it you can't solve it because
they just want admit that they do these things so
like i said i wish them all a luck in the world i hope he gets his own gig and i'm
sure it'll be great in life goes on and will somehow uh...
fumble our way through
prominent past new at wio d we have one open line in date seven five one wio
dean
and pombi is also available ladies in general men at six five five w i do you
think they'd be calling like crazy
on the pombi's line about
w p b r j that is some heavy duty news
anyway holiday
what you want to your own
then what the hell do you want to be
who is starting to say
silence
and i stepped all over
boy he's been stepped out enough ladies and gentlemen he's passed few weeks
and he will be in the early today
as we try to bring stem trying to get him to be a little more up to you a little
more positive i'm sure that after reading the paper this morning
he's got a read a real positive
enthusiastic out ok quick crap it on stand that's our motto for the day ladies
and gentlemen quick crap and not old stand
even if he is yours
that tiny timish old boy that that did it for me okay let's go to a plantation
hello hey nail yes sir
i came by your house and job to the stuff for the dog right
yeah thank you billy that was nice
i couldn't i know i couldn't get you to the door i don't know who
there was an answer that was Dave you know the pet stores used to carry that stuff
and i can't find it anywhere except this workshop now i got a rottweil i had the same problem
well my dog said to be sure and thank you did you wash them with that yeah he seems
uh... you know it sounds ridiculous but he seems to better today already quick
scratching that's what i told you i although he keeps nibbling it like he's got
those little stores on his feet
and he just does it to piss me off you know just keeps and he looks at me you know
like i'll show you i'll open up a few stores because he after a while he likes
some sympathy you know yeah he seems already your life is gotta give you a little
great yeah you're right well between the two of the dogs they sure do trust me
okay thanks a lot billy hey
yeah i got a girlfriend where she's a cheater they're gonna get a bunch of money out
and send it in for you for the Camilla's house
appreciate it like the way you're talking about the top of the bar
okay thank you thank you all thanks for that see you billy okay twelve nineteen
the w idea wonder if his girlfriend knows reverend of public reverend poltergeist you
know he's in those topless bar girls anyway boy these phones are sizzling here this is just
incredible i i got to be honest i talked to um one of our outer office uh
executives there i don't want to mention Cheryl's name because somebody to get all
upset but um she said that there just doesn't seem to be an awful lot of um
furor as they used to say in germany over this change and i uh boy i thought this morning
i was at least gonna have to go through one day of hell okay we had that one miserable nasty little
that bitch that called in about like the second call this morning and she was basically about it
and like i said if you want if you want to call in and legitimately say we made a mistake or
whatever that's fine i'm not trying to tilt the calls one way or the other but you do expect when
you make a major change in the show like this that there are going to be some feelings you know
one way or the other here's a mobile in fort lauderdale he said hello yes sir i'm y'all hey
doing great i just uh tuned in and i can't believe what i'm hearing you finally rid yourself of
glen hill who now what a way to put it uh well i just couldn't understand what he offered to your
show to begin with i mean great he was nothing more than your red and big man so no let me just say
this in all fairness in his defense when i went on vacation when i was out sick it's nice
so it's terrible but the point is but even so i mean that's your opinion but at least there was
somebody here to keep a little continuity as opposed to what they usually do at iod where they bring
in some weatherman or so i shouldn't have said that so pro get upset or some politician somebody
who's not even a broadcast during a lot of cases and they put them on and it's embarrassing
like when smag filled in for a reneary there a couple of weeks i mean that was just that was
downright outrageous well i have a question how was it that he was able to tag along with you when
you came over from wins uh from zeta you mean from zeta well it was also with your wins wasn't it
well no when they put me on in a more yeah but they put me on in a morning on zeta and they said who
do you want on with you and i automatically said glen because you've been on well for several
months on i and z i couldn't imagine that because i didn't think you would have anything to do with that
i did and i and i was the one who insisted on him coming over here and again i think that uh
i don't know i don't know whether i i shouldn't say it in these terms it's not that i feel sorry
for him because i don't i mean that's that's a terrible way to put it but i felt an obligation toward
him in other words he had kind of latched onto the show at i and z he kind of like attached himself to
it miraculously and i just got suckered into it and i think it was a mistake bringing him here i
think it's zeta it was fine with him and caprita they did a great job and all of that but i think at
that point i should have left on my own and uh just come over here and then we could have avoided
all of this well i was amazed that ala literate the sky was one he used to read the news so it's
terrible yeah but it was funny though wasn't it it was great it was great and then when they
don't want to read the news there now it's uh you know he was he was uh he was to the value but
uh hopefully he'll be able to read the news someplace else okay all right thanks thanks they're
vicious today 22 after noon at w-i-o-d we have an open line in brown word five two four
bite five two four w-i-o-d okay now they are they're vicious they're cruel a lot of truth in it but uh
he'll be all right he'll come down on his feet i keep trying to tell him that that these things
in this business are always for the best and he's got to get his own he's got to develop his own
thing and then he can have jazel Fernandez and jazel McKenzie and Phoebe Kate's and Johnny dark and
and that whole uh bunch of uh michigan that he used to hang around with okay we want to tell you
about Toyota of hollywood right now for your shop
and a boy Tim Tim Williams of course quoted also in that article in the herald by one Carlos
code text this morning and uh continues telling it like it ain't boy he really is full of it
but he's got a lot of young kids so we don't want to um call him a douchebag on here okay it's a bitter pill
to swallow when your kids come home from school and all their classmates are saying your dad's a douchebag
okay so we won't do it to you Tim all of contract content disputes is that what it says
there weren't any dispute well there were disputes because he was a moron but other than that i
just said i'm leaving okay goodbye that was the dispute they said okay goodbye we'd like to be
number three they didn't realize it was gonna have a three in front of it be number 33 and of course
pbr has dropped their talk format shocking things going on in the market pbr is now doing ethnic
uh let's sell an hour at a time and probably will make money doing it too i guess that's what
we're gonna do we got ukrainian melodies coming up in the one to two hour and then stan has got a
bunch of both people that he's selling 15 minutes at a time to he's gonna be in and tell you about
that in a little while not a bad way to go Miami Beach okay well i guess the bird is on his way south
yeah well it's that time of the year isn't it? it's certainly yeah birds fly south
i've been in and out of the truck all day i've listened to your show every minute i've been in the truck
has anybody told you about taskers calling? uh somebody mentioned he yeah about the uh stone crabs
how come i never heard about that well he's just like you know you'll hear what he wants you to hear
yeah okay i have a hundred fifty dollars with a stone crabs and he sends them to the wrong restaurant
it's like also about how uh he told me Johnny dark was in here one day i mean that it's kind of a
childish thing but why would he tell me he was here one day when he was here three way you got to
be able to count the three yeah that's true okay now see that's vicious because i know that glenn is
listening he's gonna then he'll accuse me of attacking him after we had an a reasonable chat last night
i don't know harboreny grudges i just hope he gets his own deal okay then he can do whatever then he
can rip me you know the thing with uh he had his moments of glory where i had a minute yeah i enjoyed
his show at times or when he was your by himself yeah and at the lot of times when he was with you as well
but he's not an upbeat person um he is an extremely mellow i guess you know better than anyone
but he seems like he get into his hole and then just wind like a woman and
and he just nodded up beat i'll say one thing boy the audience here has a way with words today
don't they i won't like a woman i'm not with me i can get what he would have right that was
incredible nail good luck yourself okay thanks take here there he goes boy that was a wine like a woman
now where that we anytime you need something boy you can't find it you know no matter what the
hell it is you need in this room there it is okay we have an opening in date county 751 wiod
d stan is going to be in a little bit i'm not exactly sure when but we're going to try and
is and i agree i do agree stand is not take criticism well but then none of us in this business
take criticism well we're all very thin skin we don't like to be criticized we hang up on people
or obnoxious but the fact is that thing about being upbeat is a very legitimate point people who
are listening to this kind of show as opposed you know the people who listen to w snooze they want
to be depressed they want to hear that bob last year the world the sky is falling gloom and doom
all of these depressing heavy topics and that's fine because most of them are going to be dead in six
months anyway i'll write there all over the age of 150 but people who want to be entertained and
have a little bit of a good time in a couple of laughs they don't want to hear more bitty all the time
they don't want to hear people who sound like their suicidal like the sky is falling and i think we
need to get stand different perspective on life okay maybe he needs tiny tinda come in every day
to be a sidekick tipped through the two lips can you imagine making a living like that okay now
we've been waiting for this call biscayne park yes yes sir uh-huh i'm kind of mourning for Glenn
but i also live in this game park and i used to live i know i know okay it sounds great now
but i used to live two blocks from where Larry King he's living this game park uh and i tell you
please don't laundry over there and his son used to wash his clothes there and his son told me
don't take a check yeah don't take a check that's right absolutely but i didn't know i know you know
you know john brunetti was hoping he found a whole drawer full of checks at hi alia yeah just the
other day he was hoping there were just enormous amounts of money he was hoping to use that money
to salvage the track and then he saw Larry signature on all the checks and uh he that's when he held
the press conference yeah pass out right exactly that's when he held the press conference and we're
closing yeah well i just wanted to say that that you know i i do more in the bird but i hope he
definitely gets something from self he is the talented man i i predict within three months he's
going to have his own gig on some either this station or some other one and he'll thank me in the
long run for giving him the kick in the ass to get off this stupid cheer here and go out and do his
own thing well Neil i love you much and i love the bird and as i say Larry King done it for two bucks
see if 1231 at w i i'm not going to reach all the way up here and pull out uh i mean i could have
done it he gave me enough time he was setting it up very nicely the caller did a good job
but chase to have to reach all the way up in the rack and pull it out and stick it in
let me just do that you know it's it's not worth it okay 1232 at wio they were i've got to be honest
with you i feel great today and i shouldn't say that because that'll make length you leave it worse
but it's true i really do feel good let's get we're going to get all the people on who are missing
the bird here's one in four-lawterdale hello yeah Neil yes sir on the boka line no less i i miss
the bird so much i called you long distance yeah from i'm in four-lawterdale but i want to
call it in the boka line yeah Neil i got to ask you a couple things is there any coincidence
between the birds departure and the fact that you just celebrated your one-year anniversary
well well maybe he had a contract for a year we didn't have any contract okay that rules that
out okay secondly i mean even i can't follow that one i'm trying to absorb it but it's
secondly i hope you give me an honest answer yes sir is there any coincidence between the birds
departure and the fact that he got a lot of compliments for the job you do while you were gone
that's unbelievable no because this decision was made to be for i went away oh really
i you know i i knew that people would say that i mean that's the silliest thing i ever heard
because first of all let me say this let me say this to you the management of this station
did not want him filling in when i want a vacation ever again and i insisted this last time
that he do the show because i knew he could do a fine job okay third Neil is there any coincidence
between the birds departure and the fact that he helped put down some majors when joy was there
no let me say it again this decision was made long ago okay well i'm just heading up the
head of rose for bird and you know yeah and the homophobes for uh for god that's it okay
1233 at w.w.w.c there's a class that was a classic caller that was a perfect example of why he's not
here okay Miami Beach hello Neil yeah first time car how you doing great move down from
mojale we're an experience is this how long you've been here i've been here two years oh you must
really hate it by now huh well i'll tell you it's it's totally different from from mojale i'm
here to uh put bird in the cage your crap on stand but it's a different place well why did you just
you know kind of mixing both up together now i'll tell you i got to get this up more chest
yeah tell me how people just sit back down here and watch things happen yeah there's three types of
people people it may get happen why it could happen i wonder what happened that's right now this
came point right now and up this came point this came boar bird um this came be it's they're putting
security guard up and um still water drive and it's cutting off still water park there's 20 special
people that went down to the council meeting yesterday day county yeah and oh that's great
twenty no i'm so telling you 20 people created a whole new tax industry and all of us are going to pay
this tax great and they get a gate well i'd call a sandy patented afternoon and get pretty upset
about it if i were you 1235 at w.w.w.w.c didn't he say that was his first call to the show let's
only keep our fingers crossed and pray that it's the last we have an opening and date 751 w.w.w.w.
and one in boca boca is open 278 9463 278 w.w.w.w.w.w. and listen the horse raided
just crying like a baby make a flowing soup of water because he's a creature out of
work and he's headed for the jail the Pharisees are crazy with your charge with me a
lot he was a king of the world now he's falling on the floor the psychedelic of the earth
Thank you
there are some, no stalkers, and there are still children
who treated like white
now we have helpless
and once we held to the charcole Watch always zone, round
lay closed and have no time
cry and note me
You'll be there.
You'll turn the wall.
You'll be there.
And it isn't too far away.
OK, 1240 at W.I.D. Well, that's great.
That really kind of lifts my spirits.
Makes me want to reach right in my wallet.
OK?
All right, let's continue with these
Accentulating calls Hollywood.
Good one.
OK.
Miami.
How are you doing there?
Great.
Listen, I woke up this morning, read my herald,
and saw what happened with the bird.
And at first I thought, kind of sorry for the guy,
but tell you the truth, I think it was the best thing
for both of you.
That's correct.
Yeah, it's time to just like a bad marriage.
You know, there's a time to split up and go your separate ways.
I agree with you 100%.
I think you're going to fly from the people that are calling you
that basically the general public feels the same way.
Yeah, it's been overwhelming so far.
I mean, we only had a couple of, you know,
malcontended people out there.
Are you going to find it no matter where you go?
Yeah.
Even in the Bronx, you find a couple of malcontended people.
Well, one or two, yeah.
Not so many in Brooklyn, but the money up in the book.
No.
Or a couple in Queens.
And some kings, too.
Yeah.
However, you know, I've been listening to you.
In fact, I heard your show with my first radio accident I have had.
Going back to when you switched from evenings into a midday
with W.I.N.Z.
Oh, boy.
I got to be honest with you.
That was the saving grace of my life was getting out of that night time.
I think that was the best thing for all of us here in Miami, including yourself.
But, you know, I was there listening the first day the bird came on
and how he just solely generated himself into the show.
He really did.
I got to give him credit for that.
He injected himself in and it had a great chemistry.
And it was a time and a place.
See, that's another thing that Stan doesn't understand.
Stan wishes that we could go back two years.
And like when he was following me at I.N.Z.
And every day we'd sit down and all the lines would light up.
We'd never have to give the numbers out.
That lasted for months, literally, which was an amazing phenomenon.
But the fact is that was then, and this is now.
That's history.
And it just isn't going to happen again.
That's, you know, one time thing.
Yeah, you know, the other day I was listening to a show and I couldn't understand why he was looking for these people with headlights.
What was he doing?
He was looking for headlights.
I was on vacation when he did that.
Now he was having people who were listening to him turn their headlights on and then come in afternoon.
I was vision-looking for people with headlights.
Yeah.
You know, just in close.
Some of them just landed.
Just in closing, my greatest fear as a soul thing,
because there's always a negative and a flip-flop.
Flip-flop, flip-flop, flip-flop, the business decisions that people make is that
Stan will be gone and they'll put federal in there.
That's my fear.
I got news for this about it.
There's about as much chance of that happening as there is of Alan Courtney being on the year
and eight o'clock tonight.
And he's been dead for 12 years.
Neil, you're the greatest buddy.
How about good day?
Thank you.
Right.
1243 at WIOD, a little tinkling session here today, but it can't be all bad, right?
We're just kind of fumbling our way along, trying to get the knack of it.
And I got to be honest with you know, in all fairness to Glenn, it is a little bit different.
It does take a couple of days to get back in the, because you become lazy, I think.
When you have somebody else like a, like a crutch to lean on all the time,
it's you become lazy.
And you don't sound as energetic and you're not as much involved.
You do half the time you're ready to fall asleep from the calls, you know.
And you just assume somebody else can pick up the pieces.
I don't think it's good.
I think in the morning, it's great any other time of the day.
You've got to fly on your own.
Okay.
Speaking of that, Stan will be along any minute now.
I got to hear his comments about tiny tim yesterday, because that show, that really did it for me.
I'll tell you, I was just on cloud nine for Lauderdale.
Call me Mr. Unimplied.
Oh, cruel, cruel, but cute.
Fort Lauderdale.
Neil.
Yes.
Hi, Neil.
I'll, I'll, I'll, Mr. Brut on the show.
Yeah.
But I definitely wouldn't turn the show off.
I'll pay that.
Well, let's hope not.
No, definitely not.
And I just think that you was very good on the show.
I thought, I never thought you guys would put up.
I didn't, I thought your role was just kidding around.
No, I was not kidding around.
And, you know, baseball season lasts 162 games, my friend.
It's a long season.
No, I, I just, I couldn't envision going through that again.
I mean, I, I'm not going to apologize for being a cubs fan.
That's a big part of my life.
I feel like a kid again.
I really, I'm into those telecasts.
I spent all that money on a satellite system just so I could see WGN.
And I'm, I'm into it.
Okay.
I mean, that's important to me.
Right.
And I'm not going to sit here and apologize for being interested or talking about it every day.
No, I like the thing to hear interest.
I think it's great.
And I think the clubs are great too.
But I'd like to say, I think the dean is God.
And would you please play Glenn Hills disease.
Have a great day, sir.
Thank you.
Okay.
1245 WIO Dean.
We have an opening in Broward.
5249463.
Now, I've got a dilemma because we have a very upset caller on two,
which we'll get to, but there's a mobile in Kendall.
Yeah, I knew.
Yeah.
Hey, what's going on?
How you doing?
I've been out of town for a couple of days and I just tuned in.
I hear what happened to the birds in the paper.
So I'm not going to dwell on it.
But I want to know where to send my resume looking for a job.
Okay.
Sended to Nick Lawrence, WIOD.
Miami.
Just put it in a bottle in the bay and we'll get it right out behind the building.
Okay.
Great.
Thank you.
Okay.
Good luck, you, sir.
Okay.
Here's this upset caller in North Miami.
Are you upset?
Yes.
I'm very upset.
Okay.
Listen, I just want the wing.
I just want the Arnold's Royal Castle last night and I just happened to see a picture of the
bird up there since Glen Hill midday.
Uh-huh.
And last night I was in there that gave me a comp-running picture of you.
Yeah.
And I called you that night.
I said, that's all the cop chasing the motorcycle down.
I guess.
Okay.
And I went in the last night and I said, hey, there's a picture of the bird.
It's a complete white set.
And I turn it right on today.
I just woke up because they're working nights.
And I hear the birds gone.
Yeah, but you're missing the point.
Don't you understand how much more that picture is worth now?
Oh, no.
But near Rodgers without the bird, I've listened to you guys in state of four, you know?
Yeah.
Oh.
Well, I know it'll come as a shock to you, but I worked alone for many, many, many years before
that.
And I-it could be wrong, but I think I'll probably fumble through on my own.
You know, I think this will be great for them.
Then you can get that with all the pictures.
Who's this fishin' wants to leave with his or management?
Mine.
It was yours?
Right.
Oh, Neil.
You're a bastard.
That's right.
I hope your cursor will light time a chronic cause.
Okay.
Well, listen, this was a good start.
Ah.
See ya.
Good call.
1247 at WIOD.
Where's that card?
Well, I-the only one that I've got right in front of me is this one.
Well, tell me you're a bastard.
But it fits, don't it?
Boy, that's another one that we can live without from now on is Joey.
God, he had this-
One thing about Glenn, he's star-struck.
Man, he is so awestruck by anybody in this business.
Even board ops, he just-
Anybody who ever worked in radio or especially television, if anybody from one of the TV stations would come in, he would be just-
Star-struck, he really is.
And I think he would admit that.
He just obsessed.
Okay, 1247 at WIOD.
I don't mean just his El McKenzie either, okay?
Or whatever her name is, Jizelle Fernandez.
How can I forget?
Cause she's Jewish.
And Mexican, right?
Just keep that in mind.
Those of you who allow your ethnic prejudices to determine what you're going to watch on television, she is Jewish and she's Mexican, see?
So she's got a cover to know.
So now she's nice.
I like her and she's very attractive and all of that.
Anyway, it's 12 and a-
1252 at WIOD.
Now, wonder the stuff that came in for you?
Did you get that for Camilo's house from that-
Oh, it's in there.
But it's in there, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, we got, I would say over 3,000 counting yesterday's mail and today's hasn't even come in yet.
Here's an upset caller.
I am very upset, Neil.
I never, ever, ever call.
I listen every minute of it, go.
I don't want to be a butt-lecker, right?
But-
But how can you find a butt right before Christmas, Neil?
I thought you guys were going to be syndicated nationwide.
You can't do something big.
Yeah.
Look, it even proves that you're going down.
Look how fast I got on, dammit.
Good call.
Okay, we have an opening in date, counting now.
It was good.
It was excellent.
751 WIOD, 751-9463.
I like those callers with the real heavy speech defects.
Those are the ones that I like a lot.
Okay, Miami.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
You're such a bastard.
I know.
You get rid of this.
Mark Soele.
You're going to give me a couple of weeks or so.
Yeah, so I could do it the day before Christmas, right?
I'd the show is going to go to Kaput.
Okay.
Good luck, anyway.
Bad voice.
Bad voice.
1253.
How come we were doing so great up until right now when Stan walked in.
They must have had a premonition.
I think you've got- there's something about you.
There's an aura.
Really?
I think you just attract him like flies.
What is that?
Is that about tiny Tim?
Tip to all through the two lips.
No, leave Mary with her.
Boy, he was incredible.
I tell you.
He was great.
He was interesting.
Well, the food was great.
I'll tell you that.
He is- he's another one like the bird.
He got to kiss the ground every day.
Now, and I understand that line he kept saying over and over again when I wake up in the morning.
That's what it's all about.
Yeah, well, for his people that way.
No.
If I didn't wake up in the morning, it's the way it goes.
You know, the dogs would be upset.
They wouldn't get fed, but that's tough luck.
Boga.
Nobody there.
Well, why do we keep wasting our time with that line?
Did he talk to- and what did they say?
There's nothing wrong with it, right?
Boy, I am so tired of the Southern Bell, man.
They make me want a puke.
It says if there's something wrong, yes, it will be fixed.
Yeah.
Right.
And chickens will start urinating profusely, too, any second.
So I had this long message on my answering machine.
What are you looking at the clock for?
Because you were-
Well, I was just to get you paranoid and insecure.
It takes almost nothing to do it.
No, no.
From Jim Skyler.
Yeah, PBR is history.
Isn't that incredible?
Yeah, and he does this whole bit.
You know, I mean, Jimmy never talks, you know, like normal.
Normal.
I mean, try to have a conversation with him.
Jimmy?
Skyler.
Oh, okay.
I never heard anybody call him Jimmy.
So it's like a five minute message on my machine.
Oh, they're doing it today?
I don't know when they're doing it.
Oh, what does that mean by 430 today?
Is that- oh, they're going to fix the phone by 430 today?
Yeah, right.
Sure.
And Sukus is coming to real soon like next October.
Can you see Fowler's ratings now?
How much difference is it going to make?
They had fractions anyway, okay?
Just a joke.
No, that's the amazing part of it is that J&O does have good numbers.
All of their very geriatric, very ancient.
Yeah.
And we beat the crap out of them and anything under 100,
we beat the crap out of them even up there in that market.
And we don't get any calls from there, which is amazing.
Although I will say this, if you look at that board,
they've been- this is the first day I can remember in a long time.
They're all lit, the whole show.
Well, the- the honest is off.
I mean, people can call in and talk about whatever they want.
The monkey is off my back, that's it.
That's what they said at GTR, too.
That's why you sound so good.
Coral Gable.
Yeah, I had to call.
Oh my God.
I know I called yesterday.
Yes.
You know, can I say the word boss?
Once.
Okay.
You know, Joseph can-
If you say tennis or golf along with it or bass or foot or soccer or cotton ball.
Okay.
Joe may not know horses, but last night if anybody heard the joke,
Joe said one thing about the cars that they have no cotton balls.
Okay.
About the what?
Joe said his car has no cotton balls.
Yeah.
Well, they caught it from the- from the whole ambiance of sports talk.
Well, you know-
Because anybody who dares to criticize Mr. Robbie or Mr. Sammy or anything that goes on with the dolphins of the hurricanes gets a lashing and is dispensed with summarily, okay?
Yeah, but let me tell you it's like when Joe Robbie's on the show.
Nobody's got the guy who needs to call.
Oh, no, that's true, but that's how talk show callers are.
To people's faces, I'm trying to think.
I had a guest on years ago and I can't think- on WS News many years ago.
And it was somebody that my audience hated.
Hated.
Always ripped and tore into.
And I'm telling you, I did the interview for an hour and I opened the phones up and all the lines were lit.
And I thought, boy, they're going to rip this guy and ask.
And they tinkled over him, man, like he was Santa Claus.
I was embarrassed.
Whatever happened to people.
Oh, you sell whatever they don't have any.
They don't have the guts to say it to your face like I do and tell you you're a pain in the ass.
Nobody stands by their conviction.
Well, I sure do.
What a bundi stood by his convictions.
Or sat by them.
That's what bothers me.
I mean, there's no loyalty.
We're all these people that love Glenn.
I haven't heard a single one call.
Well, because they just didn't exist.
Why are you going to tell us that?
What are you going to say?
I'm going to be honest with you.
I'm going to miss him.
Well, and you know, I'm definitely not going to tune away, but I'm definitely going to miss him.
And it's going to be strange for a while.
Strange.
But it just makes me...
It's strange for me, too.
I've been in the best mood today.
I've been in and once.
It just makes me sick that none of these people have the guy who needs to call.
Well, what is it that they're going to say?
I don't know.
I mean, the two or three who have called have been so obnoxious that they don't even count.
Well, that's not what I want.
I don't think that's what Glenn wants to hear.
No, I'm sure he doesn't.
He wants to hear a succession of people calling in who say, oh my gosh,
the show will never be the same.
We're going to miss him.
You know that's what he wants to hear, because that's human nature.
It's not a knock at him.
It's just what people want to hear.
It's like the day that's standard, that embarrassing thing about everybody who loves me.
Now, let's blow the lines out.
And he couldn't buy a call.
You know what I mean?
It's just...
That's human nature.
People want to be loved and fondled and tinkled over.
I don't need that crap, okay?
I have a bed.
Kane ever came back for the day.
And you know I've ripped him from day one, and I'll continue to rip him.
If he ever came back, we'd go through the same crap as we've always missed you so much.
You would?
I don't miss him.
No, no, no, I don't.
I don't miss him.
You know we'd hear it.
We'd hear it on the rise.
These people, man, we're at whichever way to win blows.
What?
Oh, Nick misses him.
Well, that goes without saying.
Nick is a crush.
Nick misses the Dean.
Boy, if the Dean and Steve would come back tomorrow, Nick would feel like Santa Claus arrived early.
I don't know.
Well, listen, have a wonderful life and in closing...
People be honest, huh?
Good day.
Get a life.
Good day.
He didn't know that he...
That's the first time he has ever called me.
He's so emotional and so swept up in this, he did not say good day.
That is shocking, okay?
Stretch this, Marvin.
Don't give him...
It's 20 seconds after already.
Whoever's doing the news ought to have their sweet ass in there, okay?
It would be embarrassing if it turned out to be Chuck, because that would be...
But I'm sure it's Deborah, isn't it?
Is it Deborah?
Is there an...
Deborah, see?
Well, that makes sense.
Deborah has her sweet ass in the newsroom and she's going to bring you the one o'clock news.
We'll come back with Stan Major.
Who's going to give you lots of alibis now.
And we'll try to put you up a little bit and get him in a more positive mood and stop being so grumpy.
Since he got married, his whole disposition...
I don't want to say that.
But his disposition has changed dramatically.
He's just not the same old Stan.
But we'll delve into that deeply when we come back here on 610 WIOD.
There's Neil Rogers, our new stock radio 610 WIOD.
It's the van to Tuwa!
Hi, very.
Okay, we've been able to get a little bit of information here.
Now, time...
We've been working up to it slowly.
We had Davy Jones.
The Clancy Brothers.
Tiny Tim Yes today and Stan, next Monday, there's a rumor...
If he can get these guests, it's all over. Trust me.
Blow the town open.
We're looking for some interesting...
But that's another story.
We continue with some major delays.
Oh, that was good.
I like that.
What was that?
Was that the UPI audio?
AP?
Oh, that was the traffic?
What the hell are they doing on now?
What station are they on?
On QAM?
B5 South of Sterling Road.
That's also blocking traffic.
Oh, yeah, get out of here.
We don't believe it anyway.
They are so bad, you know?
They are.
They're terrible.
They're awful. They're at least an hour behind at all times.
But that's because Joe Brennan is busy on heavy medication.
Okay, here's a stick up for Stan call.
I'd like to know if Mike Disney was Miss Quoditor.
Was that a perfect quote from him?
Well, you got to understand Disney.
He's been the puts that he is.
You know, I just stayed an awkward way to put it, you know?
That just seems very unprofessional to me.
And he seemed like, you know, I went to a sports talk over on Hurricane Hotline.
I saw him standing over there when he were announcing the U.M. contract.
Yeah.
He is a nice guy, totally incompetent, but a very nice guy.
But that's pretty stupid.
Well, I'm also stupid.
But I just don't understand.
That's part of incompetence is stupidity.
Yeah, but I, he doesn't understand it.
I used to turn my radio off when Steve Kane used to come on.
Yeah. And now I leave it on.
And I don't understand what he's going to do.
See, I still, I still wonder about all those people used to bitch and moan and hate it, Steve.
I don't just mean hated his show, but they hated him personally.
I've never, I'm serious.
I've never worked with anybody in 30 years in his business who was as universally despised personally as Steve Kane.
And now that he's gone, it's like they don't know what the hell they want to quote the famous tacos.
Yeah, but it's just so bad because they're good.
Maybe they're going to try to bring in someone different if they put Dicky Farrell on.
They're not putting Dicky Farrell on, okay?
I love him.
You could, I want, let me tell you something.
You could bet every dime you have in the world and mortgage your house and bet that too.
There is no chance that Dicky Farrell is doing afternoons on a station.
You suck too.
What are they trying to have horrible ratings or what they do?
Well, they don't want to, they learned it from Tim William.
Can I just say something?
Yeah, of course.
To the pre-war.
When you, when you read what Disney said, keep in mind this is the guy that hired Farrell.
About that?
Okay.
Well, that's it.
Get on here now and start ripping Disney.
I think that'll see your fate real good, Steve.
No, I just want to, you know, what the hell?
I mean, if he's already got his man, mind made up, what do you think?
He didn't say he has his mind made up.
He said it's not set.
In other words, it's not definite.
They're keeping what, maybe he was not quoted well because keep in mind one, Cotto is not
exactly a rocket scientist.
It's awkward the way it's written here.
What he's saying is that it's still up for grabs.
That's all.
He doesn't say that you're out or that you're not in a run.
He said it's up for grabs.
Well, we have a trend coming in Monday, which is my first full trend.
Yeah.
And hopefully they found some English-speaking people for this one too.
It ought to be great.
Stan, even if you have a bad show, it's better than Steve Tane shows.
I listen all the time and you may have a bad show once in a while.
I definitely turned off those Clancy brothers.
Now, how about Tiny Tim sir, be honest.
Oh, you know, I think it's a tough one.
You know, it's better than Steve's abortion show.
Yeah, well, it wasn't abortion, so it kind of fit right in.
And Dickie Farfarkle was talking about abortions last night, so that's how you were going.
Well, it fits.
Have a great day.
You too.
Goodbye, bird.
Wherever you are.
Okay, listen, we have an opening and date county now as we try to analyze the ongoing trauma.
Very significant period of time now.
The bird is gone.
And I'll take full responsibility for it since management gave me that anyway.
I like the way they did that, but I don't care.
I told them I said, if that's the way they want to put it, I have no problem with that.
You brought him over here.
Yeah.
He wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you.
That is correct.
God only knows what they hired Neil Lotter.
They would have been smart at Zeta, which they're not, because if they would have been smart,
they never would have let me leave in the first place, and they never would have treated us like crap,
and never would have fired you.
But the bottom line is, when I left, they should have said, well, wait a minute.
We don't want Glenn going with you.
We'll give him an increase over here to keep him in Caprita, which would have kept a good part of the show.
In other words, the continuity of the show, still a lot of it would have been there.
Yeah.
Okay, and I wouldn't have been on opposite it, so they could probably have kept a good part of that audience for a long time.
How many brains do those people go to be?
So that would have been the smart thing to do.
But when I said Glenn's going, man, Bolder looked at me like, oh, okay, no problem.
Like, you know, both pack your bags and the sooner you're gone, yeah?
That company was so delighted that you and I were over there.
They'd, I'm surprised they kept Caprita.
Yeah.
Simply because he was on your show.
Well, he worked cheap, you know.
And luckily for him, he got out of there too, just in time.
It's 11 after 1 at WIO Dean.
We have it opening in Naboka and Del Rey, 278, 9463.
And if you call and you're on hold, you'll probably get hung up on.
But it'll be kind of a fun experience anyway.
Toyota of Hollywood.
Well, you'll never guess who is sitting in the bird's chair, ladies and gentlemen.
Oh my God.
Where's my soup?
Fat Rich has just come waddling in and has plunked himself down in the bird's chair.
I wonder what that means.
115 at WIO Dean.
Stan is in the building, which explains why a couple of lines have opened up.
One in day, 751, 9463, and one in Boka, 278, WIO Dean.
Now, we got to get into this, get away from this depressing negative Stan that's developed.
I realize it's very difficult when they don't want to call and talk to you, but screw them.
Okay, you can't be.
Let them drive you down.
We're getting calls.
When you sure wouldn't know it to listen to you every time I punch you up, it's like,
nobody's calling.
No, you stopped smoking by the way.
No.
Oh.
Yesterday we had one one soft period, but the calls were pretty good.
Yeah, after the audience came back after the first hour.
Everything that I threw out, they objected.
Well, no, they never responded any of that.
Of course not.
You know this town by now, you know this market.
But you've got to be up.
You've got to motivate this.
You've got to...
Wait a minute.
Let me see the handwriting on that.
That postcard looks...
Yeah, same handwriting for 10 years.
Hate, it's hate.
It would be nice when you start your program.
It would be like, good morning or good afternoon.
Oh, give me that.
Don't, don't read it.
Don't read it.
No, it says something good about you.
Yeah, you're right.
You're following Roger's style in drive.
It's hate mail.
Believe me, I've seen that handwriting for 12 years.
By the wayside.
Yeah.
And now without Glenn.
No, this was written before.
Yeah, well there will be another one tomorrow.
The same one for...
Almost since I've been in the market,
this same old bitch has been writing these cards.
You know, it's always the same crappy card
and the same crappy ballpoint pen
and the same jury-entric handwriting.
It's pathetic.
On sign.
Pembroke Pines.
Oh, God, Neil.
I'm going to have to try to keep a clear head here.
Okay, try to control yourself.
I know there's a lot of pressure building.
Okay, let's see.
I just want to know.
Stan, what's your opinion on the bird getting the boot there?
Glenn's attitude in the last year
changed appreciably from when he was just a guy walking in at I&Z,
opening up the mail.
He was great on Zeta, like Neil said.
And I guess when he came over here,
he kind of got a little too much into himself
and felt he was too important to the program.
And you know, it's kind of sad.
But that's the way it goes.
Okay, I agree.
I mean, I do agree that he got a little carried away
and everything with a Z-go and all.
But you know, Neil, you're like losing a dimension to your show.
But of course, I'm still going to listen because...
Well, what do you say?
I'm losing a dimension to the show.
Yeah, you're losing a dimension to the show.
Well, of course, when he's gone now,
the show is going to be different.
But that's what I'm trying to do.
I want to lose that dimension, okay?
Okay, I can understand.
I know it sounds arrogant and egotistical to assume
that I can do a show myself,
but the amazing part of it is
most people who do talk shows in this country
work by themselves.
I know that comes as a tremendous shock.
No, actually it doesn't.
I understand exactly what you're saying.
The board was a good guy.
Maybe he just had his time out.
And I'm hoping along with a whole bunch of other people
that maybe he'll get his own job.
Exactly.
Like from 8 to 11 would be perfect.
8 to 11, that's true.
Okay.
So, you know, thanks a lot, Neil.
And we're going to miss him.
Okay.
See you.
Sounded almost suicidal.
Okay, we have an open light in Broward,
524, puke, 524, W-I-O-D,
and one in the Boka Del Rey line.
I know that you people get disconnected when you call,
but isn't it fun to light it up
and make it seem like you're calling?
Maybe I should go out and dial it.
And then you can probably know.
No, but see if you dial it from inside the building,
I don't think you'd have a problem with that.
It's probably somewhere between there and here.
W-I-O-D.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to speak to Neil.
Are you in Boka?
Yes, I am.
Well, this is Neil.
I picked you up cold because I saw that line flash,
and I wondered if it would work.
Neil, who's in charge of this line?
Who's in charge of it?
Yeah.
Grandma Boone.
Grandma Bell.
Tell him to get off of that and get it fixed.
Well, he doesn't like to jump to conclusions on these things.
He likes to do these scientific studies,
take a couple of focus groups, and a few, you know,
and then work it out from there.
I got cut off four or five times already.
Are you serious?
Well, see, there's the proof I'm talking about.
You were on hold?
Uh, here.
I was on hold the first time for a good 20 minutes.
There you go.
You just went blank, right?
Just clicked.
Hey, Neil, I can't believe it.
I'm really upset.
Tell me it isn't true.
About what?
About somebody missing there.
Who, Fat Rich?
He's still in the building.
Oh, no.
Spencer.
Oh, Spencer.
For you are, you are brutal.
You are rotten because you know that Glenn's listening.
And you did that just to rub salt in his thing, didn't you?
Of course, but I'm honest.
I know, but it was cute.
Well, no, I don't know people.
In fact, that's the big topic of conversation today,
is where Spencer is, and Laura was suicidal.
A lot of people count on him.
And I wasn't here last week, but they tell me that it rained on Wednesday,
so we didn't show up.
And today, no excuse with the weatherman.
It's sunny and beautiful when I came in, and no Spencer.
Well, I just hope he comes back next week.
Well, let's pray.
Let's send out the WIOD search party, sir.
They all enjoy your show.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Have a great life, and don't call us again.
OK?
20 after one at WIOD, but to know that was good.
That was on the vocal line, and I picked it right up.
Now, that proves the line is screwed up, doesn't it?
The guy's been on there 75 times already,
and he keeps getting disconnected.
Let's try it again.
WIOD.
I have to tell Stan, my nickname is Skippy.
I didn't get a chance to talk to him yesterday.
Oh, like the peanut butter?
Or like a dog?
I like the dog.
This is the one guy that responded to the dog.
Yeah, I thought it was a fascinating topic.
I'm in Boca, and I'm really happy to get that in.
Isn't it funny how on INZ?
Because I remember the show he did on that,
and he had some amazing calls, and the phones were jammed up,
and this IOD audience, man, they're so boring,
they don't even have nicknames.
Well, I wanted to tell you, I'd love to show them.
I want to call my sister in the roof a douchebag.
Good nickname.
OK.
Thanks, pal.
Good call.
21 after one.
No, it's true.
I remember when you started doing that, I thought,
boy, I remember you did that on Wednesday,
and had tremendous response.
But we also, and that's two years ago,
so it's not like overdoing the topic.
No, but the thing about it was, we could get little risqu,
a little double entendre, you know,
and in the climate of today, everybody was uptight about that kind of...
Well, yeah, but they can always try it.
I mean, these people out there have got some idea where the line is drawn,
and if they go over, you dump it.
That's all.
Let us make the decision.
Because there's some stuff that's come back.
You've noticed that there was a little borderline there,
but we've got it figured out for the moment, OK?
We think.
Until the next set of finds come in from Washington.
Well, listen, what's 10 grand of these people for crying out loud?
It's like pocket change, man.
Multi-billion dollar company, and they're worried about 10 stinkin' thousand dollars, OK?
Anyway, this ties right here.
Don't go rifling around through the building again, Rich.
This guy I am telling you, he is dangerous.
They're going to have to start bringing a security guard inside,
just to watch him when he's in the building.
He is incredible.
Anyway, we found the nasty blues, Clarence Carter and Stroken,
Trudy Lynn, Trudy sings the blues.
A chick willis.
I want to play with your poodle.
Well, that's for dog lovers.
Arty White, Rainy Day, Gary BB Coleman, One-Eight Woman, Chuck Willis.
I want a big fat woman, little Johnny Taylor, Ugly Man,
Gary BB Coleman, watch where you stroke.
Travis Haddicks, two heads are better than one, and Clarence Carter,
why do I stay here and take this blank from you?
So that's the kind of stuff that's on nasty blues,
and it's at specs right now, believe it or not, before the cops come in.
126 at WIOD, Boca, and a mobile?
Yeah, no problem.
Well, Ryan works beautiful.
This is amazing.
Yeah, I know you'll be happy to hear that.
This opens up a whole new dimension for us.
A dementia?
Dementia for us.
I can't find, and maybe it's due to a lack of intelligence,
the article in the herald.
I've looked through the entire paper.
Well, I don't know where they see, they cut it out.
Oh, what is it?
Section D, as in dog?
D, as in dog.
Okay, I'll try to look.
D, as in Disney, it's in the living today section.
It's on the right.
I was looking under the radio or the local.
Now, that makes too much sense.
Right, I...
Says Nearoger, sidekick gets booted by Juan Carlos Cotex.
Stan is still there or he's not?
He's right here.
I'm unable also to understand how he can accept a flight,
like was delivered to him every time they do that promo minus his name.
Yeah, I mentioned that this morning.
I know you said it.
I know you said it.
But I don't know if, I know it doesn't, then it's outrageous.
It's incomprehensible to me how he could accept something like that.
Well, what do you mean, except what's going on?
It's not obvious.
Huh?
It's so obvious.
And it's unnecessary.
It's brutal.
What choice have you got?
I'd go out there, a boy Gary ever shows up again,
grab him in the hallway and beat the crap out of him is what I would do.
That's absolutely right.
I couldn't be enough to cure the job, at least to be a little satisfaction.
Don't they, they can't be effort to explain it to you?
Why?
That has to be...
Or doesn't anyone ask?
It was, they don't really talk to me.
Oh, it's too good for them.
Hey, listen, they don't talk to me either, so don't feel bad.
Well, that proves it.
You're both too good for them.
That's right.
Well, I think it's time to go back to Wins.
Coming to the Dick Ferrell show, Lady Wrestlers
and the Holocaust Revision Part 2.
And don't forget the hair guru, the Lady Jackie Sable,
the one that's showing that Freebie for him to grow the hair back.
I'll look forward to it.
Okay.
Thank you.
Have a great life.
127 at WIOD, we have it opening in date.
If you move quickly, where we just hung up 20, 30 minutes ago,
751 WIOD.
I miss that about Steve.
I miss the way he would lie about the calls, you know.
That was one of my favorite things.
We have, and W.S. News, it was incredible.
Everything he did had a psychological approach.
He tried to psych the audience out, and he used to do that
if he'd say we only have one open line,
and if you move quickly, you can get him right now,
even though he might only have one call.
And there were times I walked into control or me had no calls.
And he'd say, if you move quickly, you have one open line,
and then he assumed that everybody would rush to the phone
to try to call to get that one precious open line.
Did it work?
No.
OK, 128, and let's go to Lake Worth.
Young man, I have talked to you and talked to you
and talked to you until I am blue in the face,
and I'm done talking to you.
Good, does that mean you're done?
Good no means to.
Set up, I'm not done talking to you.
Now turn around and bend over.
OK, that's what's going on in Lake Worth this afternoon.
What is that, Amatec?
What is that?
Tamarack?
Amatec, it says.
Hello.
I'd love to be your new sidekick.
Yeah, good luck to you.
Kendall.
Amatec, it says.
Hello.
OK, now we're on a roll, ladies and gentlemen.
You do, you attract them, boy.
You bring them out of the woodwork.
I didn't have any of that for three hours.
None, zero.
Maybe I won't have any of two.
Oh, yeah, you want a bet?
I have a feeling they're just in practice right now.
We have one open line in date, 751, W-I-O-D, and one in Boka.
278, and a Boka line is working now.
Believe me, trust me, at least temporarily.
It's 278 W-I-O-D.
For Lauderdale.
Hi, Neil.
You know what I think about the whole situation?
Cute, really cute.
Margate.
Neil.
Yeah.
Roger.
How's it going today?
What do you want, sir?
Right, I called you up yesterday.
I told you to shoot the dog, not the bird.
Yeah.
Oh, I have bad aim.
Miami.
Yeah.
A meal?
Yeah.
As first I call it, a long time losing.
Listen, on Section D, on the front part, did you get the best of the bird for that $150
plate that was sent to him?
Why?
Did you read that?
No, we've already had 74 calls about that.
Do you mean about the Stone Cram?
Yeah, listen, I got one more request.
I'm leaving for Boston and Kitty Ducarcan needs a case of Bushbeard.
Do you have it?
Yeah.
Okay.
Good luck.
Stay there, sir.
Just stay right there.
130 at WIOD.
We have an opening in date.
751.
Mung.
Okay.
751.
9463.
Hi, Alia.
Good one.
Okay.
Well, I must have been John Brunetti.
Okay.
He's taking it very hard.
Lantana.
It's Stan.
Stan there?
What?
Stan is right here.
Yes.
I like the comment that Disney made this morning.
Stan is concerned.
He's a sleeping pill.
That's right.
You put people to sleep.
Why?
You're listening so much, sir.
No, I don't listen.
I don't listen.
How do you know that?
If you don't listen, are you a psychic?
No.
Then how do you know it?
I listen on and off.
On and off.
You're a closet listener.
You know, if he has something...
You have radio accidents, no doubt.
If he has something good, then I will tune in.
But more like tiny, like tiny Tim.
Maybe.
Maybe.
What do you mean maybe?
He was on yesterday.
See, you don't even know.
You don't even know because you won't give him a chance.
Because you're just another one of these parrots.
No, no.
You're another parrot.
Let me ask you something.
You're the rear to give him a sound.
No, let me ask you something.
Okay.
Did you like Steve came?
No, man.
No way.
Well, what the hell do you want?
I want something.
What do you want, Alan Burke?
I want something.
Joey Reynolds?
Something else.
What the hell do you want between two and six?
You douchebag?
Something...
You'll mung head?
Yeah, I'll give you something entertaining.
Only you wouldn't know what to do with it.
It's 132 at your friendly station, WIOD.
We have an opening in Palm Beach.
Go back on the raft and go back where you came from.
You idiot.
I'm glad you said that.
He just washed up on shore that idiot.
Just, just, even when they come in of a roadboat,
they're right on the phone immediately
that the talk show is bitching and complaining, okay?
They don't even have a green card yet,
and they're already bitching.
Chase, let's go to Lauder Hill.
That was a real stun lover.
I knew.
Why don't you guys go back to INZ?
They probably pay you more money.
INZ sucks, sir, okay?
Very bluntly, INZ sucks.
Their management sucks.
The company that owns its sucks.
Other than that, it's a great radio station.
Well, you guys are great.
Keep it up.
Yeah, okay.
Good call.
I was Tim Williams, Jr. no doubt.
Maybe he's seen the light of day.
A little too late, Tim.
Okay, don't come sucking around now.
Don't send your underlings calling now
to try to beg for us to come back, okay?
Maybe they put it down to fractions.
Maybe they'll put the lid on.
Yeah, there you go.
Their audience is so geriatric that they can't even reach over
and turn the dial.
That's why they're listening, okay?
Except, of course, for the four people,
the four guys out there who still think Arlene Ross
looks like Giselle Fernandez, okay?
Boy, I got news for you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They're working on Mount Rushmore, okay?
And Arlene has been sent out there on special assignment.
Okay, 133 at WIOD.
That's right.
What do you give me a name?
But is that all we have?
Who do you want?
Is that all we have?
What kind of content do you want during two to six?
I know.
That's our poll question, ladies and gentlemen,
as the saga continues of what the hell does this town want?
And when will Mike Disney figure it out?
Because the quote management here at the Isle of Dreams,
we don't know what the hell to do.
And we never did.
And I like that kind of refreshing honesty.
That's why I enjoy working at WIOD,
where our executive supervisor of sports knows nothing.
About anything.
Okay, 22.5 till 2 at WIOD.
And I think that's the only thing that I can do.
I think that's the only thing that I can do.
I think that's the only thing that I can do.
I think that's the only thing that I can do.
I think that's the only thing that I can do.
I think that's the only thing that I can do.
They're really coming out now, Miami.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah, good afternoon.
I just called to remind all these people.
I've been listening to you since WK.
Remind all what people.
They're calling out the Camp Belize at you, Accra.
We had two of those.
These people now, this are all cranks.
These people can't believe that they're able to dial the number and get through.
I mean, you used to have a great show way before the bird.
You had a great show during the bird.
Yeah, it's your show.
And it'll be a great show, a greater show after the bird. Trust me.
Oh, I never understood why you happened, but it was your show.
Well, because I'm an old soft-hearted slaw. That's why.
Let me ask you a question.
You were talking about that video the other day on the one with Open John.
Where did that...
Oh, where didn't Espanol see?
Do you think Elson John had a...
Did he have a hand in it, so to speak?
In recruiting those people.
I wouldn't be the least bit surprised.
I have a strong feeling the answer is yes.
Then he has great. Then he has great taste.
Oh, God.
Oh, okay.
It was on the other day and I didn't think I would make it through the last hour.
I can see why.
Okay.
Okay, thank you.
See you.
139 at W.I.D., how do you like these calls so far?
Great.
Yeah.
But we're still waiting for the...
What's that thing you used to do in the last bit?
The lighting round.
Well, no, they've kind of turned to 1 o'clock hour into a...
A hole.
An expansion of that.
Oh, wait a minute.
Here's a caller in Boca who says we are not idiots and is determined to prove it.
We are not fools.
Yeah.
In spite of what you may think.
Yeah, well, you...
By the sound of your voice, sir, you have me hard-pressed to believe it.
Hard-pressed?
Can we say that on the radio?
No.
No.
We don't...
Let me...
Can I ask you a question?
Seriously, do you know Ed?
Because you sound like...
Yeah, you sound like Ed Jr., you really do.
We do not believe in our...
You eat sugar apples in Boca, sir?
We do not believe that this was planned before you went away.
Yeah.
Okay.
We don't accept that.
Okay.
Do you want to...
Do you want to...
Good luck to you.
No, why is that?
We are not idiots.
We are not fools.
Well, judging from the sound of your voice, the rest of the audience can make their own judgment.
Let's go to Pembroke Pines.
Can I hold her, Dave?
Comfrita?
Good luck to you, sir.
Boy, I'll tell you that sounded just like Tim Williams.
Pompano.
Neo.
Yeah.
Hey, I just want to congratulate you on...
Booting the bird.
Now, that's on...
That's on kind.
No, no, no.
Let's say it again.
Listen, the bird deserves his own little cage, his own...
Exactly.
His own thing.
That's what all his sick of fans have been saying.
He ought to have his own show.
And if I didn't give him that little extra prod to get him off the perch and go and find his own thing,
he'd have been sitting on his ass here, sucking up pre-food forever.
That's not right.
Absolutely, absolutely.
Stay on Neo.
I'll just stay on.
Okay, no problem here.
Okay, well, he's right here.
Don't talk to him like he's in the third person.
I don't want to talk to him.
Why not?
Well, I talked to him the other day and it was telling him what I really felt.
And many, many get off with me.
He says, you know, he's trying to tell me I'm very boy.
Well, I got to say this.
You haven't said anything yet, but your voice has a certain tone to it.
You know what I mean?
No.
I'm not going to have you.
Well, no, it doesn't make you a bad guy.
You're probably exciting in bed and all of that stuff.
But I mean, on the phone, you're a little up, you know.
Oh, okay.
Okay, okay.
But that's all right.
Well, we'll still put up with you.
Anyway, yeah.
I'll pick it back to stay in there.
I like staying in show.
It's crazy.
But...
But...
No problem.
Yeah.
The other guy.
What's the guy?
You know, I believe staying there is a problem with this at six o'clock, right?
I don't know what is problem.
It's six.
The sports deal there with...
Well, I mean, at six o'clock, he's not on at six o'clock.
Sports talk is on at six o'clock, okay?
Which is a problem.
No, the problem is staying is so worried about this.
Joe's jackoffer, Joe Zachoffer, whatever it's called.
Joe Zachoff, happy, yeah.
Yeah, that's him.
I mean, all he talks about is him.
Forget that guy.
It's six o'clock.
Well, almost everybody else here.
Yeah.
Okay, sir.
Stan was right.
You are terminal.
Nice guy, but a voice that's sound.
There's certain callers out there that have that just dead sound in their voice, okay?
Like they've been expired for years, and he's one of them.
And obviously, he doesn't understand that you promote the upcoming show.
Like you may...
Now, don't get to see there you go again.
Don't pay any attention to the substance of what he said.
Geez.
Fixed stofr from Hylia, you've got to be joking me, Vic.
Why would I joke you?
I don't know.
You have to be pulling our legs.
No way.
What's up?
Not for me to answer that question, Vic.
How's the here and we're having fun?
How's the crowd today?
It's an enthusiastic crowd.
Yeah, well, that's...
Boy, talk about tiptoeing through the tulips.
Now, listen, here's the thing that's for real.
And you said a thing this morning, and you said, you know, what would happen if there was five or six people?
Five or six thousand people out there that sat around you?
I think that was a Freudian slip when you said five or six, you better watch it.
Yeah, I know.
You know, they had a horseman at a meeting today in the paddock area.
And what happened?
Well, it was productive, and it was upbeat.
And the thing that stuck out the most to me was Mickey Solomoni, who was a guy that really could ride anywhere.
You bet.
And a guy that could do whatever he feels like doing.
He got up during the meeting and he said, you know something?
I'm going to go between now and this coming Saturday.
I'm going to get a hundred of my friends, and I'm going to personally see to it that they come to the races on Saturday.
Good.
And he said, hey, what on all of you people do that too?
And they all said, sure, we'll do that.
And so, you know, what you said today this morning with the five or six, or maybe even seven thousand people,
might not be quite just the last thing that you thought it.
Well, you know, I don't hold too much hope for Friday, but Saturday and Sunday almost everybody is off work.
There's no excuse for people in that area and elsewhere, including even where I live in plantation,
not to get on I-75 or wherever they're coming from and get down there, because now it's not just talk.
Now they realize that it's now or never, that if they don't show some support, there's a good chance that I'm only able to close next Wednesday,
but that it might never reopen, which would be just a disaster.
And certainly next Monday is the day when Calder is dark and you have it all to yourselves over there.
And if they can't get five, six thousand people to come out there on Monday and show their support,
and I got to be honest, I'm not, I dislike some of the things that John Brunetti has said.
The racing I grant you was on a lower scale, it's a little cheaper and so on,
but I've been out there many, many days as you know, and it's not that bad. It really hasn't been bad.
I don't think if you have four versus come to the Ryers of Team,
whether they're collectively worth 20,000 or they're each worth $200,000 a piece.
That's right. I'm considering you can scream your head off and pray for that.
That's right, it's been competitive, the prices have been good, better than they should be quite frankly.
And the times, you know, a lot of races in 110 and 3 and 111, I'd rather see a race in 110, no matter what the claiming price,
than go out and watch two-year-old maidens in 116 and 115, that to me is not horse racing.
I agree. I agree.
I do want to mention, by the way, that on the card on, it was yesterday,
the card at Calder had six two-year-old races, including several two-year-old maidens,
the Card at Hylia had one two-year-old race, okay, and all the rest were three-year-olds and up.
Maybe I'm not aligned in saying this, Neil, and I don't want to get into the battle
because I really have a new face on the Ryers in here, but it seems to me,
like at Calder, what they do is to serve themselves.
You bet. Make sure that what is in the best interest of Calder is what is applied in the track.
You bet.
Here we're trying to serve the public, and we really are trying to serve the racing fans.
They come first and foremost. It's not a story. It really is the difference between the two places.
I don't really hold any allegiances. Of course, I hold an allegiance to Hylia because I'm employed by them,
but I was never in the middle of all this, and I'm just sort of an innocent bystander watching it,
and it's clear, regardless of anything else, that the people at this place love Hylia
and that they love the racing, and they don't want to see something as important,
and something with as much tradition as this place die.
Yeah.
And none of us do.
Well, I'll tell you, you've given me a little inspiration because I thought it might be kind of silly
to push for Saturday, Sunday, and Monday, but I do think it could have an impact.
If the people can show Mr. Brunetti and show the rest of the public that there are enough folks
who will come out and have a good time out there and spring for a few bucks,
and just have a great afternoon, that that might have an effect on the overall outcome of those meetings next week.
I'll tell you what, here's a little bit more inspiration.
Anybody that's listening now, if they want to come out and join us on Saturday or Sunday,
show up and we'll open the gates. You can come in.
Great.
Outstanding.
Absolutely.
Okay, we're going to push the hell out of it.
Okay. Thank you, Vic.
All right.
Bye-bye.
That's Vic Stofur, who does an outstanding job. He's the PA announcer at Hylia, and he really is terrific.
How can you beat that?
Free admission for everybody of all ages Saturday and Sunday, and then Monday, of course, they run unopposed.
Don't let all of that jazz about the next Wednesday's meeting interfere,
because also the other way to look at it might be your last opportunities to get out there to Hylia this year,
or maybe even ever, which would be a tragedy.
But at least if we have a real good turnout, maybe get the 4,500, 5,000, 6,000 people out there,
and get a handle that will bring back some of that money that's been lost,
that might go a long way in the whole, all the attitudes that develop in terms of what comes out of next Wednesday's meeting.
That would be terrific.
Okay, 147 at WIOD, speaking of racing tonight, and I know I'm going to be up there plunging my guts out,
Pompadot Harness begins another big week of exciting racing with 13 races nightly,
so you have plenty of chances to win and plunge your guts.
Make your plans now for two special events at Pompadot Harness this weekend.
Saturday night, the Matrix Take Series continues with the finals in the $136,000 two-year-old open pace.
Beach Tau, winner of 10 out of 12 races this year, leads a field of 9 two-year-old Pacers in the Saturday night final,
and then on Sunday night bring everybody in the family to Pompadot Harness for the special Sunday night edition of Great Harness Racing.
Sunday night, there's free admission for everyone, so you can go right from Hylia to Pompadot Sunday.
Okay, with all your winnings and deposit them there.
And there'll be 50 cent hot dogs Sunday night and 50 cent soft drinks, plus you can register to win
one of three hundred dollar shopping sprees to Toys Our Us or a 25-inch colored TV,
no purchase necessary entry blanks and contest details available Sunday night at the track.
Pompadot Harness just west of I-95 in South of Atlanta, Boulevard in Pompadot Beach.
Don't forget racing tonight through Sunday night this week with free parking till 6.30, post-time nightly,
7.30 pm at Pompadot Park.
Stand Major.
Now a New Start Radio 610 WIOD.
If you missed the last show, you missed this, right?
Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny dog.
Okay, so much.
Good job, I'm so happy to play with you.
I have a lot to call, so proud of where that major will be.
This could go on for hours, I'm sure a lot of people would.
Here, the next Stand Major Show.
This afternoon at two on New Start Radio 610 WIOD.
This holiday season's sex music and video blows the lid off gift prices.
Come on, find out for yourself.
Pick up the latest Columbia Records release from Billy Joel, Stormfront, 6.99 L.P.
Orkisei, 11.99 on Compact Disc.
And for the same low-spec price.
Pick up the Rolling Stones.
Steel Weir.
A Rolling Stones Records release.
Orkisei, out the latest from Bob Dylan.
Oh, mercy, a Columbia release.
Each just 6.99 L.P. orkisei, 11.99 on Compact Disc.
And specs, music and video.
15 locations from Key West to the Palm Beaches, including Mall of the Americas.
Specs at 125th in Biscayne and North Miami and specs in the South-Aid Shopping Center.
Specs blows the lid off gift prices this holiday season.
The new Gordon's Jewelers got New York Christmas wish.
Gordon's got it all this Christmas.
Gordon's got the Glyss.
Gordon's got the Jewelery you're looking for.
Yes, Gordon's got the Rift for you with huge selections and low, low prices.
Gorgeous gold, fashion diamonds, dazzling jewel and fabulous fashion jewelry.
And that's not all.
Gordon's got 10 to 60% off selected merchandise store-wide.
Get it now for Christmas and pay later with Gordon's no payments till March 90 to FURG Monthly Payment Plan.
No payments until 1990.
At store for details.
Gordon's makes it easier to make your Christmas a happy one.
Use your Gordon's credit card and get the Glyss now.
Get your Christmas gifts at the New Gordon's Cuz.
Gordon's got fashion styles.
Gordon's got huge selection.
Gordon's got low prices.
Gordon's got your Christmas wish.
Gordon's got it all.
Because after all, if there's not money in it, anyway, it's 151 at WIOD.
That's great news.
Everybody can come in free to Highly a Saturday and Sunday and maybe you can build up to a crescendo on Monday and just make a point.
Show something which would be unusual for this town, but you never know.
Lake Worth.
Okay, 152 excellent, excellent choice.
Miami.
Yes.
Um, might be the nail place?
Speaking.
Is there?
This is me.
This is it.
Oh, well, I'm a first time caller.
Great.
And, and you're listening to yourself on the radio.
Oh, and then I really enjoy your show.
I think it's, it's, it's very nice show.
Yeah.
And I listen to it every day.
Great.
Okay, thank you.
Have a great day.
Okay, she's just getting a great chuckle out of hearing herself on the radio.
Which is great.
It gives her kind of a little tickle, so to speak.
North Miami Beach.
Bye, bye, birdie.
When you left us, it really hurt.
But maybe now they'll wise up and put on Al-M bird.
Okay, Al-M bird.
Did you hear that one?
Okay, good one.
Four-lawner Dale.
Okay, long gone.
Good job here, Marvin.
Marvin, of course, getting ready to leave, starting about 20 of one.
A bokeh.
Where are you?
Okay, no more singing.
Leave the singing to Steve's guests, okay?
Stands guest.
Look at this.
A nasty poem here.
Some men strive for wealth and fame and some squeak out of living.
Some men toil till the sun goes down and some leech off others' giveings.
But there are men who stand tall and proud whose home really is his castle.
And then there are guys like Tom Denenberg, who's still the world's biggest asshole.
Excellent, excellent job.
Probably get a Pulitzer Prize for poetry.
Let's go to Pompano.
You know what the goddamn problem with this station is?
Yeah, okay, let's do it.
Let's lay it right on the line.
The Major Stain and Dick.
Okay, let's go to a Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah, I missed the filthy songs in the fart and I didn't hit the piano.
Okay, let's go to, and you know something?
He is still there.
Mr. Hallendale.
He's still there.
That's the guy who used to sing.
Yeah.
I'm serious.
He goes back to INZ.
That's three solid years and he wouldn't miss a day.
Never was there.
Nope, Miami.
Yeah, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
You don't suppose that maybe Julie will be starting looking over shorter now that Glenn has gone to.
There you go.
There's a good thought, boy.
Yeah, we'll get Glenn on there and have Dennis and the American have the bold and the bald or something.
Yeah.
Oh, well.
Great thought, sir.
Call up Channel 10 immediately.
Oh, well, I don't think they'd listen to it.
Or sooner.
Okay, West Palm Beach.
How are you doing, Neil?
Great.
Great decision.
Hey, for all these birds and put those, I thought maybe I could give them an invitation laugh of the bird.
Why is the, how come there's all this feedback on your phone?
Oh, it's a bad phone, I guess.
I wasn't going to call back on the line, but I don't think I had time.
What kind of a phone is it?
What is it like a T-10?
Made by Redwood.
What kind of soup was it in?
Minestron?
Yeah, something like that.
Or chicken noodle.
One of them.
Yeah.
So I was going to give a bird laugh for all the sympathizer.
Oh, wait a minute.
Let me see what I did with that card.
I put it away because Chuck Myers said it was in poor taste, but you know Chuck, he should go mind his own business basically.
But I had the other one.
Wait a minute.
Here I go.
I got the loop just a second.
Okay.
Okay.
We're ready.
I'll be honest with you.
I think the worst thing that happened for Glenn is when they put that card together because Disney discovered you know for 50 grand a year and he can have this card instead.
Now what would you do?
Okay.
Which choice would you take?
Okay.
So I think that could have been really the straw that broke the birds back.
South Miami.
Hey there.
Yes sir.
What are you doing Neil?
Great.
Well I'm glad the birds gone.
I don't say it like that though because he's sensitive and emotional like all my other.
And he lives down the block from me.
Does he really?
Do you know where he lives?
Yes sir.
He lives in a really strange place.
You know what kind of like in a preserve?
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is a strange thing.
Anyway, um, God from his cackling back on Zeta to boxing the news.
Why is decision Neil?
Whoever made it.
I made it.
Terrific.
I'm taking full responsibility because I don't want to, I don't want to put it off on somebody
else.
Well that's good.
Off we man of you.
Well listen, aren't you going to go over do a visit him and console him and follow him
and go?
Absolutely not.
Absolutely not.
We're going to take the, uh, Luzano jury over for lunch but we decided against it.
You're brutal.
Okay.
Take care.
With neighbors like you he should be in good hands.
See ya.
Wow.
They are brutal aren't they?
Yes.
Let me say it again.
$50,000.
Okay.
To cackle.
I, I ordinarily, I don't talk about how much people make and that slipped out but I think
that that should amplify to the audience.
That's why I used to say to him he had the cushiest job in the history of the business.
Sit here, read the paper, eat free meals every day, cackle a little bit and go home right
at two o'clock, not lift a finger to do anything.
That's a pretty soft job and a lot of people said that was the best job in the history
of broadcasting.
Look at Chuck Meyer.
He's got that pistol lifted.
Don't do it Chuck.
Right to his temple.
In fact, he's on his way to temple right now.
He can't believe it.
That kind of money to sit around and cackle and then he really did.
He had it great and he didn't realize it.
Well, I take it back then.
Go ahead, keep playing the card.
Nothing good to you.
Well, now that we have his permission, ladies and gentlemen, we have to get a card that
will spit up when you start talking about the cubs.
Yeah, there we go.
Yeah, I'm good.
One that starts making gurgling sounds when the cubs start playing.
Okay, anyway, that's just about going to do it.
Let me give this to you.
Now, did you have that depressing news for me?
What was it?
Now, come on.
You can't.
You're the worst yin-ta-i have ever seen in my life.
What was it?
Was it about the boka line?
What was it about?
Give me a clue.
You told me you wouldn't say it.
Well, look at this.
Wow, Nick comes in here.
What was it about?
Oh, you're going to, he is going to tell me in a couple of minutes.
Boy, look at this.
Boy, there's something going on here.
It looks like he just swallowed the canary or some other bird.
And Nick is sitting in there through the glass, giving him a look that would kill.
Even Manson would be terrorized by the look on Nick's face, which is not unusual.
But what can I say?
Okay, anyway, let's see.
We've got the Camilla Sous, get those checks in the mail, make them out to Camilla Sous,
C-A-M-I-L-L-U-S.
In fact, Scott Chapin, our various stoop production guy over next door, is going to be putting
that all together tomorrow.
And so those cassettes should be going out any day if Boy Gary ever comes back.
Okay?
So you get him even ahead of Christmas in Hanukkah this year, which will be quite a
change from last year when Rich was making them one at a time on his wire recorder.
And Camilla Sous, Neil Rogers, W-I-O-D, Miami, 3-3-1-4-1, get those checks in the mail.
And even if you can't afford the 20 bucks for the cassette, just five bucks or 10, every
contribution helps.
We'd like to top the 40,000 that we raised last year.
We've got a long way to go.
And the other thing is, high alia, they'll be open Friday and through next Wednesday.
And this Saturday, Sunday and Monday, we're going to really hope to get a lot of you folks
out there and show a little bit of support.
And go mortgage the house, sell a couple of the kids or the dogs or whatever and come
on out.
Okay, Stan is all warmed up now.
We've got him smiling.
He's ready.
He's in a great frame of mind.
And I'm sure that'll stop about 2.15.
But stick around now, Stan is next.
And then of course, Sports Talk, Hank is going to alibi tonight by giving you that bum
story a couple of nights ago why his information is lately so bad.
And we'll see you tomorrow morning at 10 here on 610 W-I-O-D.
