You have this in writing no he called me yesterday his guest called now
I want you to rest assured for the rest of the week everything's gonna be under firm control here
We have a memo from Gary Bruce boy Gary the program director who's gonna be absent again
By the way
Is there anybody listening in day to the show? I don't want to get touchy
But I noticed that all the deadlines are open you don't have to speak to us
But it would be very reassuring
Because we got even the Palm Beach lines are both lit and Broward has been very quick to get involved in the show today
But did nothing I guess they're just shocked in Dave County by the announcement of the death of the bird
Either that or they're out having some Santa Rhea rituals right?
Oh, there they go. Okay, that's enough. You don't have to stay on hold just still that was good
Boy here. You'll be in New Orleans September 13 through 16th for the NAV programmers conference
It says if you have any scheduling problems contact Nick Lawrence really so evidently Nick is gonna be in charge of the building the rest of the week
Comforting to know that will be in good hands the rest of the week boy
It ought to be some kind of luckily will be out of the building tomorrow. Yeah, we'll be over there. It's specs so
Shame because I'd like to be here with Nick kind of running things and orchestrating everything
There will be several vultures on top of the marquee in front of the WIOD GT are building but that's just Nick's personality
Anyway, dude, did you see this on one of those programming sheets?
Or did you find this out to the grapevine? He called me the person called this is from the horses now
He'll have cost for it met left two messages
Mr
I can't be on your show because the Harold won't let me do it mr. Mr
No guts. That's right and isn't amazing almost all of Steve's guests
Come on the show at two
Right up with it probably explains that big two to three hour, but today for some strange reason for
Like I don't want to be embarrassed and have to encounter you two people who I've shine for about two years now
Mr. Cosford's coming in at 4 p.m
Which I find absolutely shocking. What is that? Oh?
It's my insurance oh
Well, we don't have time for that during the show game
I was very kind of you to bring that in but we don't we're doing a big-time radio show here
We don't have time for all this is a rye. Okay exactly. Get your stuff together over there later
So mr. Cosford's coming in at 4 p.m
Now does anybody in the audience think that there's a coincidence?
Between the fact that this man cannot look eye to eye at either one of us because he shines us for so long and given us this
Powerfully cockamami story about how the Harold won't let any of their people come on the near Roger show
We haven't had a guest on this show in ages
Decay for ages decay pin was the last guest we had no no, I mean it's his
Direction now the editorial board probably voted to let cost
I'm on this show and they keep an overruled them saying it's in the best interest of the Harold and a community
Not to let Bill costford come on this
controversial notorious program
Right they won't they won't what they know Harold employees as I understand it from what cost for his said to me
From what are you said yeah is allowed to come on this
Radio station in this time period any other time period is what about if we brought back Paul Lyle
Then it would be fine. Okay, that's the answer great
So we just mentioned that in those of you who are Steve Kane groupies out there. What are they gonna be talking about?
The price of Hall of Oz Saudi Arabia. I don't know if you get a chance to call Mr. Cosper this afternoon on the cane show
You might want to ask him politely
Why he doesn't have the guts to come on this show because he was our guest
Wasn't he yeah for a long a one time for a very long time and then he made up this ridiculous story about how the Harold won't allow him to come on this show
That's right because of your battle a couple years ago
I battle when we had all those people just say no to the hero. That's fine. Well, that's really a shame
Hmm. I don't think the show can probably continue with that Mr. Cosper anyway Bill called her now
He really he said you are please bag number one
It's number two. He said in describing you. He said if you took a big pot
Put it on the stove reach down the sides
Build it with water and through in a rat. He said that would be you now. I'm not making this up that way. I'm quoting him verbatim
I'm not even paraphrasing I'm making sure to quote directly so I don't have any problem. What is his problem?
He hates your guts. Why is he thinks you are a just a just a right?
Any reason a piece of poop is what he thinks you are
I think you just obnoxious and disgusting and a
But looking fool and he heard your comment yesterday about when I was looking for his numbers and the trends and I couldn't find them
He's I better not say anything. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I don't know
I'm throwing that you're what you're arguing with me about
I just don't attack the messenger. I'm just giving you the mess. If I say anything I get ripped if I don't get
All the day lines went out again. That's the way it is if I don't say anything. I'm ripped
Is there some kind of like a foreign a festival going on a day today?
That's probably why cost for it's gonna be on here. It's another one of those foreign movie festivals
Like Bridget does Belgium or something like that?
I'm very upset
Yeah, you're not yes, I am because next thing you'll be attacking lester again. I didn't have a
Let's do it with the first thing. I didn't attack him the first time who?
Let's oh now you're gonna get into this thing about who started it. Isn't that kind of juvenile?
I didn't think about that. I didn't say anything about that all I want to say publicly is I like Bill Calder
I used to I've listened to Bill Calder for years. I have never said anything negative about him on the air or off the air
It's all I want to say and I don't know what is problem
It is that's his problem
Because it is not reciprocated yet
We'll see
Something's go here, but as of September 12th. It's not in other words. You're kind of holding off on that. Okay
Well, I don't want to make a big deal to do about it
I don't know what is problem is because I have no problem with him
Then I had this incredible experience with my bank
I don't well they don't even know about it and they well because they've somehow I tell you about it. It's amazing
But I bought my new car on Sunday
Okay, and I wrote out a check because I had to put down
You know how you get in these upside down
