what I carry
they were good I don't know why nobody wants to say they were good they were good
they were they didn't have they weren't around for a real long time but then when you're
Jerry Lewis's son you know you're probably not gonna be my any hello I am calling a
favor of the bird wow okay here's our third poll today I just wanted to even
announce that was another guy that called that guy was really obnoxious wasn't
oh yeah he was terrible and highly I didn't want to tell you this but a guy came up to me
at the track an older guy that'll make you feel better an older guy and he comes up to me
and he's a big fan and he's you know like a lot of people come up to me but this guy had to go
out of his way to say what's this story with this guy that's on that show with you you know he
went through the same routine as this other guy I don't understand what they think they're gonna
yeah accomplished well it's just like with everything else if they don't like it they don't have
to live exactly and I told him I said why don't you take a fly and leap and I hope you burn every ticket
at home in your fireplace and he said but I don't have a fireplace
following you know this is Blade Runner Girl yeah well you just wait one of these days when
you least expect it what I'm really desperate I'll watch that you'll watch the movie anyway I
on Friday I tried calling you from the discovery one I was on my way to the Bahamas really how did
you make out it was great really yeah huh had lots of fun good you made some money a little bit
nothing much well hey listen a little bit is like a million now that's great yeah let's go try to get
through to you from the ship but it was hard and but it was hard yeah well I don't want to you know
no more need to get that yeah well listen have a great day and I'm glad you had a good time
okay thanks see ya bye bird 1217 at WID see all the ladies we've had today all we need to give
them his little encouragement they see they think that all we want to talk to are these
mindless idiot tinheads exactly well that card is worth its weight in hall of eyes isn't it isn't it
yeah and it's nice to know that Joe from Flora's even though he doesn't have his who tickets yet see
I'm not worried about it because the boy Gary came does we're going to be given a waste of
who tickets soon that's right and if uh what's his name spike next door re-nigs on his promise to
Joe though we'll just take a couple of the ones that we have to give away and we'll give him to Joe
so I have no fear Joe those who tickets you'll have him you bet trust me that's right
I have to steal him from spike wise's office in the middle of the night Miami hello
hello yes sir yeah I think the birds stinks do you yeah yeah cackles and leases mess around
the bottom of the cage and I wouldn't even line them with the mindy arrow well really that's
pretty strong language you seem very emotional about this is there something that's pressing
on your life he just cackles too much and mouth presses on my bladder really yes well let's not
let that probably wind up on uh Murray Puppetville mouth pressing on his bladder I've never heard wow
no I never heard of anything like that that's worse than the roblo too
hi yeah I like the way that starts
oh
haha
yeah you
you made light when I said the other day that that's right in with the FCC song but I think
that the quality of the singing is right it's so close now do you think it would have made
a janie merrick is j black I think that the vocals on it are so close j black do you think it
would have made it it would have come out any different it's like the people could have sung
you know if they could sing no you know no would have made any difference I didn't think so
that's what made it good plantation hello hello glenn oh yeah now this isn't a paint call
oh good you know you were reading that article earlier about the cbs cd red rubber ball right what
was that in well rich pacter facts me this so I really I don't know what it's in it's in a
column called the cd watchdog it's out of some you know one of these inside record industry papers
did you say that they would replace the cd yeah there's a 800 number here can you like give it
out or something yeah you do okay let me tell you what it says this is real important because
this we've discovered you know you've been talking about this for months now we discovered
this is a big deal amongst consumers getting don't patronize me
haven't you been talking about this yeah it's just a joke go ahead now
starting all emotion 800 255 7514 that is their toll free exchange line
and it says they will exchange your rock classics of the 60s for one with the correct red rubber
ball song on it you just call their toll free exchange line 800 255 7514 okay thanks all right
okay good luck you sir I hope that improves your life in a big way um well if you don't have the
right red rubber ball I guess the left one kind of hangs loose by itself 21 pass new to wio did we
do have an open line and powered 5249463 524 wio d hi alia hi alia that's what it says
this is pompano well that's close enough how you doing now okay I have right here pinning on
something pompano yeah i don't know why i got highly well must have nick must have highly on the
brain today anyway i was watching the sports look sports channel last night and of course we got
tonight the NBA finals coming up with the toy in the lakers and what's troubling me is the magic
johnson is a smooching and i was wondering if it's acceptable pay referred to grown gentlemen
to smooch yeah well i know a lot of guys you do that yeah but you know now instead of just a two
of them now that the trich got mark of goryer it's going to be the three of them out there
center court kiss and fugging and squeeze yeah well don't forget though some of these games are
going to be played in l a that's going to go over very big yeah really they're trying to boost
the attendance they're trying to goose it up a little bit if i can say that yeah you can say that
okay anyways i just wanted to call and just voice my opinion all right now let me ask you sir which
version of red rubber ball is it uh i don't have a version of red rubber ball and do would you like
a version of red rubber ball yeah i'd love to have one well good uh just in fact if you just
look up at the ceiling one of these days it'll gonna come right down through your roof have a great
tape i can see a little red rubber ball fact we got a red rubber ball in the house that the dogs
chase around after and never thought about that but i have a red rubber ball in the house okay see
yeah what goes around hmm sure comes around and you know the amazing part of it is the one that's got
the screwed up beginning from the billboard i can't find anything there's something now there's
something wrong here you know there's something something missing there's something going on there's
just uh something see it was after our great day yesterday this thing weighs a ton but i can't
find anything in it so we thought everything oh here's frank yeah great frank bh yeah see after
our great day today we just assume today would be just fine here's Dion uh huh wait a minute i'm
beginning to find some stuff here under oh and there's those stinky cigars they're all mushed
up in there mushed mushed up are they really 1223 at wiod we got lunch coming very shortly now let's
get the mobile on because they're probably paying a fortune for this right all right i need a
well i'll be damned look at this we got our brand new wiod polo shirts is not what you would call
these well you could call them that again they're not t-shirts no they have a collar yeah polo
shirts okay now what these are they're shocking yeah they're nice that's why they're shocking they're
blue and white nice blue and they say six ten wiod and on the back it says mic disney is a dork
so i'm gonna wear this everywhere i go okay they're great 28 past noon at wiod what is his story lately boy
he's really playing low key isn't it that's good that's the way we like it my low key talk to him
and we i saw him in the hall yesterday briefly just by accident coming around the corner he like yeah
i mean yeah you know that was it and uh very minimal contact i like that just like once every
couple of months to smile and how you doing for lauderdale hello hello hi hi how are you good and you
great good um first of all i wanted to thank you for the recommendation to the melting pot oh yeah
awesome and second of all my boyfriend listens to you all day every day and he's he's always asking me
every day to call in and call him a dishback great so he isn't as nice and i how long have you been
listening to i just thought it i mean he's the most into forever no but i mean today me oh just
about 15 minutes oh because we've had a lot of nice bubbly effervescent ladies like you today and it
just it adds something to the show instead of hearing just a succession of mindless pinheads
yes but anyways i just wanted to say mat your dishbag i'm sure he's listening and i'm
but gonna make his day i think he's gonna get a little uh quiver from that yeah i know you know what i
mean uh huh yeah how old is mad excuse me how old is mad he's 19 oh he turned 20 i'm sorry uh oh
gc adjust uh i was bad see now he's gonna have a comeback okay listen it's great hearing from you
all right it was nice talking to you thanks a lot have a good one you too bye bye
see when you're that age you're trying to like act older yeah and then when you get to be about
29 then you say you don't want to be in your 30s right that's the last that you just trying to
hold back into the 20s you realize that we're dying over here you know that once you get to a certain
point everything is going slowly downhill kidding then when you get in your 30s and you start approaching
40 then you just you just screeching like you're just holding it back like slamming on the break trying
desperately clinging with your fingernails to the 30s and which i think is why the 39 Joe came
about you know everybody was they get older they sure you know it's nobody wants to admit to 40
and then when you're in your 40s and you're approaching 50 like some of us oh wow just a
traumatic experience i still got four years three and a half years to go though 50s and incredible
Steve just turned 50 that's incredible mark it stands like what about 97 so we're all getting
all the sunny just remember that someday you'll be on five or one two and you'll be also wearing
those June Allison diapers okay i saw that spot again last night all right i just i go nuts
that i see it you know when it ties in with the other look something you can relate to 12 30 at
w i o d and let's take a call from Palm Beach it kind of fits in hello Neil i heard you were taking
your time it's Lee junior how great finally lesson i i i don't want to slam the bird really seriously
i was a bird i know there's not what we've heard Lee there's a new a ratchet there's a new spurt
the bird is going to enjoy really i know the bird doesn't care for a rotisserie baseball he
ought to try that new quiz an art lacrosse yeah you can't beat it with a stick absolutely
but speaking of zeta four yeah they are going pirate radio and their new learning man is going to
be skipper chuck think do you believe that guy yeah his sidekick is going to be that guy from
w r m f by the way that uh what Kevin kitchens ummm after all now they've tried everything but the
kitchen zinc oh boy sorry i apologize profusely yeah i mean that's entirely in closing uh w snooze
they are finally going to fix that terrible audio problem they're building a new one thousand
foot tower on top of Debbie out where you're both great americans and big guy keep the peace
well it's wonderful i was like an oasis yeah what these calls yeah 1232 at w i o d hollywood hello
yes hello yeah um i tried the milking pot here tonight yes sir and the food was great but the
dessert was incredible that banana was beyond belief oh yeah well i'll tell you you'll find
bananas at the melting pot like you won't find anyway hey bird uh i'm not ripping you i just think
that uh you should you should tear into the people a little more listen to steve and salt
their brain size you want to read this i want to see that yeah it's important facts from a chronic
but i can't follow up after that last call so i'm just gonna say okay have a great life pal
all right oh this is a um carolin from deer field backs me a little note are you gonna read it
because i haven't read it yet yeah well it's a think old you know she feels that you take that
personally it's just a radio show carolin you don't have to get all hysterical okay it's just a
radio show Miami hello yes sir good afternoon are you today well on the same to you well thank you
i've got a couple of questions by the way don't forget your voice is going to be here any day now
well i agree with you and that prompts a call number one i have a spy report on antiviral
ants berry but before i give it to you i have a couple of questions please yeah that's what a lot
of people always say before i give it to you i have several questions well we'll talk about that
later first of all i doubted i do too i know you that well what's the shmeral oh do we have to go
through this merrill is like no a shmeral is like a shmendrick okay it's like a step away okay step
below but it's not yet it still is mm-hmm mm-hmm no it's Chinese in fact during the revolution they're all
out in the street screaming you shmeral get out of here well i agree with you but i i've got a ton of
friends that none of them knew what a shmeral was unless they're all shmeral yeah okay in fact he
sings the national anthem at the Yankee games doesn't he robert shmeral yeah little on i for me
okay i'm mahaia what the heck is mahaia mahaia mahaia mahaia is when his call ends like right now
haha si
hot
i want to play this on super suis part my true story by the jai a five big record i don't like it
you know 12th i never liked it the 35a w what any of
that's it
best to me the best restaurant i've ever eaten at the biggest and a lot of
really tremendous ones is the rhapsody inside the tropic can
rhapsody in the tropic rhapsody it's a continental restaurant
outstanding just tremendous
great
prepared
you sound really in food
well as an i'd go down and play i play the slots for ten minutes and you get
lucky to afford maybe to eat there you know
hey i want to tell you my friends scottie
at don d bail bonds
yeah bail
i think we're getting a real picture of this you must have been the guy
that uh... they took the picture remember the hero did the hatchet job on
casino gambling several years ago and they had to picture the drifter out
in the in the desert you must have been the guy
a nice to spoil like me that's right
no way remember what the song by the drifters up on the roof i think that's
where johnny's gonna be after lunch today
boy you're up early that's only nine thirty out there right
who said it's the vagus's time was there no clocks on the walls there nothing
to encumber your brain like that
and i'm sure you're getting lots of lots of oxygen in your hotel room even
though you're staying at a friend's house
i just got in a couple hours ago
well take a little nap for an hour and then go right back down and plunge your
guts out that's a way to do it in the vegas
right
you got it okay tell him you know us and the time the sign Larry king's name
they'll give you a big girl line of credit at the tables no problem
no problem
yes Larry king was not on a little girl though no
you know the butt kiss and you know what yeah isn't he always though
and what her all the cash that check for boy he had a grid on his face
ear to ear
okay johnny knock him dead don't forget as long as you got a quarter left
man you still got a shot
okay anyway the cops suck
did you see the game last night john yeah
okay well if you can still say it good luck to you take it easy to see you
johnny start us ladies and gentlemen
there he goes
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
in person yeah you can tell how he's doing boy stuff like one step away from
that he said his clouds box still open and i don't
climb in for a little rest
wow think we got it let's do it
oh oh
oh oh
it was in the area i think
there's nobody in the audience who remembers this
now but i like it because that was a big fat domino
i want to tell like that
boy
in fact i remember i was sick one time i had a cold and i was home from school
and um i'm walking by fat stomino came out on imperial
records and i knew it was coming in a record store that day on a Wednesday
because the Miller record store in canondagin
New York the new records used to come in every Wednesday
and i made my mother go down to the record store and buy it
hmm so i'd be like the first kid in canondag would have
i'm walking by fat stomino i don't know why that was important
but i wanted it interesting and i had one of those little 45 rpm
with just the spindle you know there's a little um
to the stack them on and then every third record would stick you know
and it wouldn't drop down and it was great yeah very simple you know there's
no like multi thousand dollar stereo systems back then i was just a
a little record player that's all you need it right um
once in a while you'd get an ep an extended play and it would have four cuts
on it to one each side and you'd be in heaven yeah great what did you think just
talking about that period of when pat boon used to record i like pat boon i hate
to admit that fat i'm embarrassed that he would record like fat says cover fat
yeah record and i didn't like that yeah and also a little richer he did
duty fruity which for pat boon i thought was very appropriate
and the difference which is incredible i love pat boon i didn't like pat boon i
loved it that way oh i was obsessed
it's twelve forty two well it's one of those things i must confess i mean he
looked good can i tell you i mean i didn't realize it was we're gonna
become a religious fanatic who did all these phony spots
uh... corral springs hello hello
uh... i took a fence to the uh... you took a fence to something i don't know uh...
that ripped the bird all i have two words of my own
mm-hmm do you most of us have only one sir yes well he showed his ignorance sir you know
absolutely well you know i figured based on his acts and he's either a heavy equipment
operator or septic tank cleaner has been country singer exactly i don't know
yeah what the act he don't know the radio anyway yeah what the heck was he doing on
a radio and if you want to get his own show listen we'll be glad to plug it for
yeah i'm glad you didn't put me through after lead because i don't help my own
show mm-hmm and i didn't i didn't want to come in after him
and uh... that's it i just want to give the bird my
consent as far as being uh... pro bird mm-hmm yeah you sound like your pro bird
and you got the best of the six you have the best of uh... herman and me being
because i'm on this morning yeah that's not one of those little single
CDs you know that's only got like a couple of minutes on it that's about it
actually it was the worst of her minimized it was that that that that that's what they call it
they they did both yeah i see same difference
they got no show believe me i mean they're not bad guys well they're okay they're like just here
in their like phantoms where the indication together or
we aren't fan third have a nice day okay bye
call forty four w i o d and we have an open line in brown now we got one in
boko a little uh... hiccup there on the phone little grips on the phone what
happened to that grips card because it's because we got lunch coming any minute
we have a grip card yeah
isn't that great for the lunch i every day well we got a card for everything
around here you know what that boy gary this is the only station in america
that's got a card for virtually anything that you can think of and i do mean
anything nice setup yeah important oh well it kind of loses something in the
translation of somebody keeps stopping these cards in the middle i have a
feeling i i may have done it on that one because the one with the loop the loop one
those are the ones that keep disappearing i think rogers got him in the other
rumors i don't know what he does with this stuff like the days of the week remember we used to
get that we don't get that anymore that's uh... renieries
good morning it's
do's day and i don't know that we're not allowed to play that stuff anymore i like
them cross brings hello yes i've been listening to you guys since you move the
w i o d and uh... but i don't understand why you got that stupid bird jerk guy on the show
huh
he just doesn't seem to contribute anything yeah does he bother you sir
yeah he does i don't need the the days he doesn't show by himself i don't even let's do
the show really yeah huh well then you would really be uh... perfect person to talk about it then
since you don't even listen well i listen to you when you're with him
i don't want to have to he doesn't know who's speaking no
but the bird was speaking yeah yeah yeah
so you don't have to talk about me like i'm not here you actually can you know
where you calling from sir
whole spring oh that explains it yeah
uh... twelve forty five at w i d we have an open line and brown word five two four w i
do we got somebody in kuper city in a pay phone now we got to get this call on
immediately hello i don't know okay i don't know i just you know first of all
the birds are came by book you know anybody who gets a point one in the book is okay like
team Thomas points anyway but what i really wanted to call about this joey jr
uh...
no no no no well actually my name is joe but there you go
everybody calls me joy but anyway um what i like to say is
i got two comments and then you can say what i like afterwards well thank you
number number one was that pirate radio you guys are talking about about that other station
yeah well it's going to play like sort of obscure music also well what's new about that
they say they've been playing obscure music for two years to say how long it's going to take
these douchebags and realize that they're playing that now yeah and they don't got anything
well don't expect them to do anything that makes sense it's just going to be cheap you know they
like that satellite so it's kind of like rush bing bang and all the crap that we carry at night
in on the weekend on this day it's cheap they're just idiots i don't understand that i mean you know
yeah over a jaded too you know back in wednesday and i mean i i am i'm an alien i'm a chronic
swan's no law but there are idiots i mean there's total idiots well don't you think we know that
what you think we worked with em sir don't you think we went through enough grief to last
a lot of time with those people stupid they had the opportunity didn't know how to swallow it
that's correct can i say something else also i like to show you like the you know the what's
going to happen in wlld i've been practicing this for a long time okay it's right
guys really going to get it all night wlld
what's the name of that guy rake gannett rake gannett and he's still all his music
but rake gannett is his name yeah what's the group called the coffins yeah rake gannett and the
coffins oh look at that we hit the post okay sir have a great day you're great
america bye well we're supposed to do a bra all right we're supposed to do a break now but we
have a celebrity caller on six what am i doing here hello this bird guy sucks man he you know he
was much better when he was on wky and the inserisota much better so was on he was even better when he
was on wrk t and cocoa beach you know yeah so many many times yeah i can't believe these people
well they're he's sucking around here now i want you to buy my new shirt
hey i still have one of those forty five rpm things you know with the big center
you know the oldies yeah wow i'm going to bring it in tomorrow sure so you can plug it into the
board where the cd player is now i'm going to bring a stack of old scratchy forty five good that'll
sound good that'll sound like the music sounds in the morning on a reneerie show off cardio
and i'm going to challenge you to a talk up contest i heard your talk up yesterday ponderous
ponderous you blew about three up in a row oh yeah well i didn't care now you weren't into it
yesterday that would be great a talk up contest i would love that i don't show off sir
oh wait a minute i just found a loose cd wait a minute oh oh oh look at that it fell out of here
it's the one with the new colony six on it i think that's an omen new colony six nine john
the new colony six just fell out of the container do you have the other way of dubbing scratchy
forty five on two cassette i mean on the card we don't have a way of dubbing anything on anything
don't you understand the new production studio still in limbo
well it's going to volunteer to bring bill deal in the randell down air but oh well we can play
we can we have a very important graph yeah not the studio though right in the control room yeah
we have a turntable you have a turntable in the studio now where to go in the control room are you
following me john or do we want me to draw you a dime grandma what the control room is since you're
only in a business for sixty two years is that word nick that's where nick is in yeah
haha we'll see you tomorrow john bye ten two one a w i o d will be right back
hey guys really good by the way yeah absolutely
what do you think
haha
hey we'll do a yaw now
not easy i hope you do that to my that i really enjoy
what do you have be just like mouth-hili or go out any rickian tick you'll stop
on participating left some party favors and gifts cool prizes cool cool
yeah
i bet you're rickian tick you would try this don't you know no question
and give it his best shot shout boy how long is this cut
well now it's time to start shout because the front of floris are oh man there's a whole
carton full of food there thank you you guys continue to amaze us how can we say thank you they
brought us sodas today look at that boy oh look at that barks root beer
diet and regular boy joe we're gonna get we're gonna we'll buy out the whole concert for the
who for joe and look at micha just came uh racing in here first just to be in line
and of course the Ross is not in the newsroom so the news people can just the stick it where
the moon don't shine if they're gonna start playing those games oh look at these canolies for
dessert oh mama me oh look at that Jared and Andy are here all like i said as long as
Jared's here with Andy they can come in uh look at those don't there's look beautiful the kosher
her kosher for chavuas too uh Jared said don't worry and a whole thing of parmes and she's as
Steve would say what are we gonna in there boy look at everybody just going crazy just the sounds
of this are enough to get me excited what do we got we got a huge anti-pasta they're under the
parmesan cheese there's the garlic the cheese bread and what's in the box he asked very hot
and leaky you can't say leaky on am maybe over on hermendemic bean you can say leaky not over here
and you see and it's juicy and leaky that's even worse we got to call from cluiston while we're
getting lunch mapped out here hello look at that look what is that tying some oh god my favorite
40 cowboys but don't get carried away thank you Andy you're what what's going on there sir
i'm not too much different that i uh when do i come down that way uh over the weekend and
went to the big cabana you went to what uh down the big cabana down in four loaded out yeah
and uh got to fly a night stay for a night set at a night and uh had a chance to go to the
wait a minute what is that i don't start giving away my food like i saw that gesture like uh that
does that what for me what is that not for me for me yeah i'll have some of that
and here's some spaghetti well let's get the plates and we'll just no i can't i can't eat it out
of the thing like a trough you know here's the plate and yes or go ahead i'm sorry they're
getting carried away like i said the news people are on their best behavior
you know i'll be doing it back to the right time yeah and uh had a chance good to do
i'm a dollar cafe but now the couple i went with it was too far and which uh it's unbelievable
because i drove too out sir if you were in telehassy wouldn't be too far that's how good that place is
okay that's great when i said they went uh we went to shells uh huh and uh i got a couple of
your uh unbelievable stickers great the food was fantastic you know the guy named G
he was the waiter yeah and uh very pleasant guy i have to appear to you stickers if the jade
got a bunch of them oh god this cheese bread today don't pass this up i'm telling you this is the
best in the history of the mankind and uh i want uh whoo and more feta chini well that feta
chini is great i have a little bit of that Andy yes or go ahead okay and uh i mean you're just
on the year to kill a little time you do realize that don't you so yeah i live until every day and
i'm uh uh first time caller i listened to great i live until you from the day that
Ellen Burke got up the air which i was uh glad of and i wanted to tell the birds happy birthday because
i'm uh same age as he is i really my birthday's may 10 uh huh and we're both choruses yeah
yeah so uh so in other words you haven't listened for just one week and you hate me and
oh gosh no i like i like you i like you cap my good my girlfriend you know whatever turn you
guys on to your sister oh haha i said yeah that's him that that's the bird and uh what does she do
again how does she go she goes aha aha yeah and then you put it away right no haha and i uh i just
i understand sir i mean i can relate to it oh and uh anyhow my rabbi cut on a bias
haha he threw away more than he left well it just over overlooked in the some some human douchebag
and uh you guys are doing great all right there the sun is shining here the beautiful day
there you go you guys have a fantastic week and i thought i got to say thanks a lot thank you all
all right what a guy huh yeah mr. positive you bet a cluiston wow what does that tell you what a
goam up there 1258 hmm boy is this great i look at jurid he's just uh having like a um frenzy oh
that's for April okay that's a good story just going nuts too bad that Ross isn't here to enjoy
all of this but uh we understand what's going on we um you know we can relate to the games that
are being played now can't we send all these all the certain interns out on assignment
and of course that just leaves a lot more food for the rest of us right but we don't really care
because you can only look so long you know what i mean and that gets kind of ponderous and a
Johnny Dolan says he has the rondelle record will bring it in tomorrow he says he's stolen any record
you need it's true yeah between him and Johnny dark and you imagine dark's gonna bring it in Johnny
well just as a backup yeah if you want a back of the copy is scratchy as hell okay all dolan's working
oh yeah the morning zone yeah is he yeah well there are there are vacation and he runs the board
in there oh look at that he and he munged all over his crops there that's disgusting okay they're
gonna be talking about that in the newsroom for hours now anyway speaking of that April
Neil Rogers to get a touch and talk call 751 WIOD and paid 524 WIOD and brodered or 655 and 278 WIOD
in the Palm Beach's other areas make all collect the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers
are not necessarily those of the station now here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 WIOD
okay 106 at WIOD boy this is so good today these cheese bread do you have a cheese bread not
yeah or is it so there oh there's more okay because I don't want to wind up eating it all like
and that one other day when you got sirling okay you have a good one you took bye see things
are shaping up now you get all sirling and hysterical because of that one
posth good yuck that cold earlier no I didn't there's always got to be one yeah I know I know
but I think it was all there for everybody to hear I'm a closing thing hidden there
this is delicious okay yeah tremendous really is see really don't remember the scene where
Clements are we shoving the meatballs in the sauce and the not real strong memory I don't have to
real and Michael's on the phone and Kate says I love you do you love me and is out talk to you later
and she's uh see I haven't say at Michael and the Clements is come on a mic you tell that nice girl
you love or what's the matter oh yeah I don't see a soon I'm gonna die I remember I haven't seen it
as many times as you have but I do four five hundred I know I can do the whole I know I can do the
whole thing I've only seen it two or three times anything interesting on there on that screen oh
yeah there's a mobile and brown word hello hello Neil yeah hi how are you great hi bird how you doing
okay just call for a quick comment I think these guys that are calling ripping the bird or doing it
out of B Ken V yeah me too yeah jealousy yeah I always say that in fact that one guy that called I
heard a rumor during the news break that he's hung like a parakeet well maybe they can get a job
on the pirate station with the pirate there there you go good idea all right well you guys have a good day now
you too good day I got to find the uh right copy here see this book now what is Laura still working here
or what vacation oh Laura's on vacation they went to the poke nose oh Laura in this Ross
something like that right here in tear you won't see no more of Ross or Todd in this room anymore
okay I think there's a conspiracy to keep them out in fact you may have something to do with it
but that's okay I won't I won't hold it grudge there we have what nothing to that I told you
about that about what nothing just minor go ahead no there's no minors don't say
that's the wrong word to say on this show we get some people very hysterical
spelled the same too one-thirteen a shift register panel
it's one-fifteen at W.I.O.D and we got this is the toughest half hour of the show here's a question
about Johnny dark implantation hello nice talking to you uh West Palm Beach hello hello now yeah
I love your show but but I've been listening for two days you know
who's that guy in the background that's always laughing I'm listening for two minutes
no two days I think his name is Berg yeah but but why does he always laugh
well these canolies are so good you know Neil come on sir get to the point let's get serious
okay how about those cubbies man now you're talking well how about that Mitch Webster huh oh he's
awesome I always like Mitch Webster he's the best yeah but um and Shawen Dunston the braids are still good too
yeah um good for one hey everyone yesterday they won the second game and don't Murphy's doing pretty
well yeah he's up over two fifty now that's pretty exciting three four four and Shawen Dunston's over
two hundred so we're really doing it hey Perry got hurt did he yeah he for a time for plenty
injured his shoulder well that's the way it goes hey but he's still cool it's what it took the
cubs to get all their regulars injured to start scoring some runs that's what it takes all right Neil
okay they have a bird for me see ya bye bye Sharon's writing a very complex note here it says
something about sleep away camp open line in brown word five two four w i o d what is it
it's problem with the show oh listen okay now listen this is a special urgent message at the
request of Sharon Mahoney it steves request like I said steves show today has fallen through it says
okay fallen through as in fallen apart so as a result steve is going to be talking about Chinese
abortions in the rotisserie league and if the guests are listening please go away okay there are
planes leaving for Beijing every hour on the hour go away don't darken the door of our building don't
take it personally I said don't take it personally but the show isn't going to happen it's fallen
through it's a turkey it's a bomb it isn't going to happen so go home and don't come to w i o d if
I go over to w l d they'll put you on mm-hmm okay anytime wow never happened what since we've been here
that they've you know told the guests to it hasn't it hasn't well not quite in that way it is well
there are a lot of things that happen you know changing world events yeah
mm-hmm 118 at w i o d for these canolies are just incredible would you like a canola
steve would you like some salad there some any pasta with some parmesan cheese
who am I playing I give everybody the lakers months ago and everybody was laughing that there
were a bunch of old men and that they wouldn't make the finals and here they are again and L
wipe Detroit's ass in about six I would say mm-hmm four or fifth glue you say huh
I did make your announcement by the way about your guest please go away yeah I said don't take it
personally but get lost don't come near this building okay because we have several Chinese
revolutionaries at the door and they're going to give you some tainted wanton soup if you don't
watch it okay see a better change your wanton ways it's 119 and we got a car phone in Palm Beach
on the Bokaline hello hello sounds good see how quiet okay nice doing business with your sir
ma'am it Miami hello Neil how's it going great all right hey go ahead what's up who is this
nobody you know you know are you sure nobody chronic okay you sure sound very familiar
because I don't usually say who is this you know uh Glyana's one to say all these people that
ripping your apples true and as a matter of fact you were I'm going to me nearly were asking about those
the bird on the end of the loop yeah yeah oh you got it I've got that in the end and the
cackling and the other one can you put them on cart yeah there's the one yeah yeah be sure put
about hard ones this one's a gym yelton from Matt how's yelton uh I don't know huh that's
saw him a couple weeks ago yeah he's doing good doesn't call us to see yeah yeah remember the
vulture laugh yeah great and listen hey um yeah you're always talking about the stuff on the weekends
they're really a sucks to the tape stuff and the satellite stuff and stuff like that um
turn on dt. This morning and they're playing tape term in a Mcbeam they're on big cash
they're on big cash I know but I mean can't they put one of a giant dog on it
Johnny Dola's on what do you mean they're playing tapes stolen runs the board
best of hominem's Mcbeam oh no that's what I said I mean he was unbelievable I thought Johnny
Dola was doing the show you mean they're playing their old tapes how can you do that on a morning
show you can't play tapes on a morning show here's the traffic from my six weeks ago
oh it looks really bad out there all the tourists are here the french Canadians are
got the whole turnpike died up what a crappy way to do it you know I can't I just this joint this
place the Steve can't support an expression it was an abortion meal yeah well you know when
in doubt when you don't have any talent around slap a tape on that's their flock there for just
a second I don't know it's not in that machine because that's shut off that means I'm getting ready
I'm going to get out of here real quick today boy because that game is
very very important in my life oh we got kill gets pitching today maybe I'll hang around
oh I don't like him he's the only one of the cub starters that you're really just
you have no faith in it all he's mediocre at best and frightening it worst
but Bobby O'Hita is pitching for the cubs in it for the meds and his owner run average against
the cubs this year and his previous appearance is 20.25 so I guess if we scored 20 runs against
O'Hita that might be enough now that guy you always talk about is his name
shawin shawin Dunston yeah that's his real name yeah I was just trying to picture parents
with a little newborn baby shawin and shhw o n that's the name they pick yeah almost like oral
and that's weird it's just odd like oral they think that's an odd choice oh no I
was going to do I just going to mention a Steve said he's got two dinners at Burton jacks are
going to be the first prizes yeah yeah that's right for the best juniors and he said the established
juniors like Lee Harvey Oswald Jr. or Lee Fowler Jr. whatever his name is.
Lee Fowler Jr. they can call but they're not eligible for the prize because they're already
established these have to be people in the audience who are working at being creative and they can
be like Alath Rantell Jr. or they can be Debe Ellis Jr. or Steve Jr. or Mike Rineri Jr.
and they can repeat everything twice however they want to do it wow Lake Worth yeah hey Nail
yeah I'm about baby's name when they're born how about putting head yeah you're talking about the
station management of World War Go and I got a pretty interesting tape I think you'd want to hear
that some comments you made a world go about them hang on a second oh my god are you serial bad
mister does he or gets spraised you're just festing your sobbing human you're a jerk you're an idiot
well we already know all that one forty one a w i o d may know something that we don't know
come on you already know six five five w i o d in Palm Beach we got four lotterdale hello hello I'm
a cubs fan and a bush man are you could I speak to the bird please go right ahead sir hey bird
yeah who's that guy that's with you there it's always eaten
that's cute hey you're doing a great job and I love bad radio yeah only problem is I'm leaving this
place in nine days where you going Michigan oh come on this is a good this is a great time of
the year to be gone too yeah you mean you're leaving for good now now four months four months I
gotta do my time where you going southwestern Michigan northern Indiana and Riggly you know
where how Indiana is it's about five miles from ship shawana I lived there once yeah I know I heard that
now wait wait wait well one second sir ship shawana no come on now wait a spell don't say it again
I wouldn't dare try that one again now at least you remember the part where
a clement is wife says they're leaving the house and she says don't forget the canoli oh that's
and they take poly out in the boondocks there and they shoot them in a leave them in the car
and as they're leaving clements it says to the other guy says take the canoli yeah
classics yeah oh you wouldn't leave the canoli back that's in the car with the dead
right he says how is poly do you says oh you won't see him no more I could just do the whole
dialogue I know we might do that one day okay you could you didn't want to be my friend
uh in fact that's what Marlon Brando said to uh Michael Jackson and next thing you knew he moved in
yeah you never wanted my friendship you were afraid one 48 at W I O D our first call is in
date county hello the norm can eat the eat of the pastry rotisserie
bokeh hello it's slushing on long night
it's a combination bird your succincts are coming to reissue your elbow
broard yeah this is a man with a career we're looking for Debbie Alice
oh god date county hello please say freeze mr major Miami vice
broard hello this is Michael Jackson isn't that amazing you just mentioned his name only moments
ago and there he is shocky rage bokeh her cane suck
broard hello Steve one time spelled backwards is not now
broard that fans keep the face yeah good luck to you hope you enjoyed that game last night
date county hello here's the bat line hello
good for the bat line no that was it was one of the best bad line calls we ever had in the
lightning rock bokeh hello I ride cow here with Debbie Ellis we're just doing a great deal
yeah
did county hello
me oh I want the door clarity
yeah
broard
hey boy Jay won't you memo list
haha
haha
haha
haha
outstanding call sir excellent broard hello
good good
rabbit
haha
wow I don't know
did county hello
they go to the pasticles
bokeh
bokeh
this call for bokeh yeah
look at that line hello
birdie and her discovery
on
pome beach
yeah working I find those pepper two or eighty nine t-shirts
uh what is he
you're a door
okay
oh
well I was a little nervous here because I punched two lines out at the same time
date county hello
bird can I ruffle you feathers
haha
haha
broard
all seven elevens will be closed today I'm servants of iatola community death
yeah
one fifty one at wiod Steve has a little contest today in other words no
show
uh a little contest today all the juniors are going to be calling in and he's
got those two dinners at Burton jacks waiting in the lurch okay
yeah uh bokeh hello I keep doing that bokeh
this is the real Barbara Caput Man
pome beach
i've been on the moon for six months this clock pepper still dead
broard hello let's go Matt
date hello
i'm fallen and i can get up
broard hello
Randy Boyz is a douchebag
pome beach
very pretty
it was joten and bob jr i'll be damned boy that is shocking
the bat line i don't do my job as well when i'm constipated
oh it's from the sales department yeah nice to hear that i was kept and used to be bm
date county hello
i picked up a ding ding
brother
date county
cold lame
hey
is that freeway or
frownard hello
was that rosefolder disguising
wow yeah that's the first dump of the day
wow for those keeping track
one fifty two wiods etc etc
what we ought to do to fill the time when we have any these little uh blaze
jingles and we don't have one of those jingles okay
like
get me all this cutthroat because they didn't have a wide lane
lol
pome Beach
i want to putter the bird in the buffalo
the hotline
i'll rantill wouldn't hurt a fly
i know it was
unless it was attached to a pirapans
date county hello
i'm gonna have a now
Broward, hello.
Okay, the Grap Sky.
That was the Grap Sky, okay?
Good, good, Grap Sky.
I wonder if he's the guy who was on our other jingle.
In the depth of...
...the high on the...
Wow.
Do you think Sandy would have played that on her show?
Yeah.
Boka, hello.
That was Yelton Jr.
Wasn't a junior, Jr.
Palm Beach.
And Neil, my wife wants to oral read for you.
Broward, hello.
Yes, this is Greyhound Buffin.
We got a one-way ticket to Louisville for...
Boy, Gary.
Ha, ha, ha.
Dave County, hello.
Oh, some idiots left all my tires.
Broward, hello.
J. T. N. Rodney, I love you.
Dave County, hello.
In behalf of the slow talker.
Ha, ha, ha.
The bat line.
I love you, Momita.
Broward.
Am that your average, or any?
Ask for one to get one.
Dave County, hello.
Kill her, Momita, kill her.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Broward, hello.
What time of these, but there'll be a birthday.
Palm Beach, hello.
Berge ahead is coming through your hair.
Boka.
Yes, this is Clawntopper's first day in the ground.
Ha, ha, ha.
Broward, hello.
Why do I sit on a bag?
Dave County, hello.
Be a jig, get back to work.
Dave County, hello.
Hey, tell help you.
Palm Beach.
Chopped Alien, Morton, Downey, Jr. are cloned.
The bat line.
It's a good time for the great pace.
Her noodles junior.
From inside to building the idea.
No, why everybody's got the bat line?
Why do you assume they're coming from the inside?
I don't.
Everybody's got that's asking.
Sure.
I don't know.
Dave County, hello.
Mommy, she's not dead.
Kill her again.
Dave County.
He said, hello.
Terry was Mary, man.
Susan, Nick, man, and Jones.
Yeah.
Wow.
Palm Beach.
Broward, Mary, can you watch it back to the office?
Boka.
I'm a Neil Finn and a butt plug man.
Can I do it?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Broward, hello.
A little better contender.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Marlon, Jr.
Dave County, hello.
I was there with you as an asshole.
I'm a door.
I was there.
I did.
I was there.
I was there.
I was there.
I was there.
I'm going to get my finger in the thing there.
Dave County, hello.
I don't need a damn history, right?
I need a damn history.
I need a damn history.
Palm Beach.
No, Broward, standing, just police.
Boka.
Hey, Vanna, what's up with the name of the day?
Broward.
You're still struggling.
You're struggling.
Broward County, hello.
Neil, I want your door.
Dave County, hello.
There's a guy with no arms, no legs on your front porch.
I think it's me.
Broward, hello.
This is Rudy Blot.
How are you, Neil?
Dr. Blot, you're here.
Palm Beach.
Broward, we're here.
It's time to get hold of you.
The bat line.
John Levitt, Jr.
Boy, get a lot of practice on a junior.
He's just not warm up for the Steve King.
Yeah, he worked.
Broward, hello.
Broard, you're new selling fix.
Yeah, he's right.
Dave County, hello.
Who the hell is Lenny Zabo?
Boka.
Hey, Dave County.
Hey, Doug out.
You're a douchebag.
Palm Beach.
You're all they place too much with his cow.
Broward, hello.
King Goldberg was playing with your car.
Broward, hello.
Carl Sagan is an ozone provocateur.
True.
He's right.
Dave County, hello.
Or all her size, it was just for the whole cup team.
Broward, hello.
Yeah, I'm waiting for the lighten round.
Broward County, hello.
What's he to take care of?
That's a proposal right away.
Dave County, hello.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
That's a bad line.
Hello.
It's a shock radio.
Boka.
They're at best at therapy.
Palm Beach.
Him Ackerman's moving to W-I-O-D.
Broward, hello.
Sally told me she swallows.
Dave County, hello.
It's one minute after ten.
Where's my paycheck?
Broward, hello.
I'm still flying, hello.
Broward, hello.
This is Carl Sagan, hello.
He's doing an aerodonial.
That line.
Hello.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Wow.
Dave County, hello.
Holly, Wolly, Bittles, all over her day.
Broward County.
It makes your skin skin even worse.
Broward, hello.
Dave County.
I owe silver, all over.
Dave County, hello.
What time does the draft start?
1230.
Boka, hello.
Sorry, I'm out of information.
Broward.
I can't finish the Iron Man triathlon.
Broward County, hello.
Did you get there, David?
Dave County, hello.
I'm dumping over here.
And last but not least, ladies and gentlemen, on the bat line.
It's not special.
Yeah.
Well, that was a pretty interesting bunch.
Interesting.
That's interesting.
Well, let's see.
I'm putting all my carts away here real quick, because I'm going to make a B line, a B high.
A B something for the door.
And then the meantime, stick around.
Steve, all you juniors out there, get those lines flashing out.
Two dinners at Burton Jax.
