I'm very happy for you.
Soldier Love, that's the album is just called Donny Osmond. I didn't know that.
Does an Ollets call?
Or need to be said.
Anyway, they did a thing on Fox Saturday night about him.
I can't remember the name of the show because they're all the same.
They have reporters notebook and crime reporters.
They're all the same.
But anyway, it was pretty interesting.
And the guy's name from Capital Records, see this is on Capital.
Well, it's, yeah, this Capital.
The guy's name is like Alex Faggot.
If you had a name like that, wouldn't you change it?
That's right.
Mr. Faggot, please report to the meeting in now.
But anyway, Donny Osmond, I was thinking Donny Osmond was one of the very few people
who looks better now than he did 10 years ago.
Well, at least when he shaves like on the back of this album, he looks better.
But he's got that scruffy George Michael, let's stop forget it.
But anyway, and his music is pretty interesting.
And I'm going to play Hold On as a new single.
Are they playing that at GTR?
God only knows.
Who knows?
Donny Osmond on GTR?
Well, it couldn't hurt.
It sure couldn't hurt.
I'll tell you that.
Anyway, the World Series started Saturday.
And as soon as the game started, I changed my whole approach.
I was going to be for the Giants, although I have no interest in either team.
And as soon as the Giants came out on the field, I said, I hope Oakland wins in the fourth straight.
I hate the Giants with a passion.
And it looks like that's going to happen.
Oakland is probably going to win four in a row and sweep and just dispense with the Giants.
And also the great part of it is, Oakland playing great except for Jose Cansoco,
who's doing nothing, either red batter in the field, he's embarrassing himself.
So it's just turned him out perfect.
I couldn't have scripted it better.
And I know, of course, you're excited about the Dolphin win over the bangles yesterday.
They just ripped it.
The bangles are one of your favorite grips.
They couldn't do it yesterday.
They got a little cocky there early in the game.
They started out with that sugar, whatever that thing is they do.
And by the way, it was turning to mildew by the end of the game.
The Dolphin's put him away and that was great.
Boy, that was incredible.
Who were those announcers, by the way, on NBC, that we're doing that Dolphin game?
We'll talk about a couple of morons.
Cheese, that was incredible.
I have no idea who they were, but I'd sure like to find out that was the worst telecast
in the history of the National Football League.
It had to be even worse than when Sam Nover used to do some of the games.
But anyway, that takes care of that.
And we're here to play a lot of music between now and two.
Stan was on on Saturday.
And Stan's show would have been excellent.
Had it not been for the interference of Nick Lawrence again,
who stuck Anna Maria Tallahok, aka IB babbling, in on the show.
See the bottom line, let's do a little break here.
When we come back, I'm going to explain to you what the machinations
of what's taking place here at WIOD.
Anybody I don't like, Nick now either, one or two things,
either he's going to put him as a guest on somebody's show
or better yet, get them their own show.
That's the new, that's the way, this is what is the station worth.
About $30 million, easy.
Yeah, $34 million property is being allowed to be run by a mouth-and-ped
douchebag out there somewhere wandering around the building,
whose the whole goal in life is to aggravate the erudgers.
Is that basically it?
He even wanted somebody's phone number.
Don't mention it on the year because then that party will call in.
But some young Twinkie, he wanted her phone number,
so he could put her on the year.
No doubt in the evening hours is a guest to come in
and make her irresponsible remarks.
So, places out of control, but that of course is nothing new.
We're approaching a year here, and I will say this,
as each passing day goes by, it becomes more and more out of control.
I think that's a good expression for it.
It's 1013 at WIOD and we'll be right back.
Or check with Miss Log.
If you look at the third hour, I mean, this is log today.
I wouldn't wish this on Joey Reynolds, okay?
And I think she's got a mistake or two in here as well,
but she's got two of the same lives spot in the third hour she usually does.
Anyway, it's 1016 at WIOD.
We don't want to start out, especially in the middle of the circus and everything.
We don't want to start out on a negative note.
Oh, this is a call about Stan Show.
Well, wait a minute.
Hold on. First of all, we don't have the delay on.
It would be nice.
Okay, that would be real nice, Marvin.
Yeah. And I didn't hear anybody there,
but they might still be there.
It's a good thing that they weren't, because I like to let that build up just in taste.
Okay.
That's what we don't trust you, folks, but it's just a good common practice.
Good rule. We don't trust you.
We don't trust you as far as we can throw you.
Okay.
We trust each of you as much as we trust Nick Lawrence, all right?
You don't think Steve had anything to do with this new wave of hysteria that's going on with Nick.
You don't think he's going to be able to do that now?
Because they are joined at the hip.
Aren't they?
Kind of like Simon's twins.
And I had a little accident.
It's going to save us a lot of aggravation, because we have a show to do here.
And I dropped the whole promo sheet in the waist pass, get right at 10 o'clock when I sat down here,
and just accidentally dropped it in there, and now it's like lost.
I can't find it.
So anything else that's on the rest of the day, I don't know what it is.
So I ripped it in half the whole day.
All right. Can we see if there's somebody here? Hello?
Oh, no.
Yes, there is somebody here.
How you doing?
Okay.
How you doing, Bert?
Okay.
Hey, Neil, what's the story on the stand major thing?
You've got your favorite IP bablin on there.
Didn't you hear what I just said?
I hear you.
But what's the history of measurements and everything over the radio?
Are they trying to get her a date or what?
It was all Nick Lawrence, who was responsible for this again.
He foisted her up on stand after I ripped her for a couple of days.
So again, I want to make it clear to you, anybody that I ripped or I don't like,
I don't dislike her personally because I've never met her.
I don't know her, and I have nothing against her personally, but she doesn't belong on the air.
Okay.
Certainly not doing a talk show or being at 20.
And immediately Nick foisted her up on stand, unbeknownst to the program director of the programming department,
and right away began interfering with stand.
Sure. It's the first week that he's on.
You think he leaves the man alone.
The guy doesn't need any help.
He can do four hours without problem.
He never had to give the numbers out.
The lines were ringing like crazy.
And a lot of people were glad to have a living and breathing person out.
But Nick continues interfering and creating problems where there aren't any.
Does that answer your question?
Well, stand, as far as this girl, and she's like, oh yeah, I'll be back here next week.
So I'm like, she's going to be a regular around there.
I wouldn't hold my breath.
Okay. Don't hold your breath.
In fact, if you want to take up an office pool on it, you can make a lot of money
that Benning she will not be back next Saturday.
Okay.
Who's going to last long to hear Joey?
Well, that is an interesting question.
We can start a pool on that.
Because he's got a week to wait.
Joey is like day by day.
Well, now I want to know.
I love your show and you all have a good day now.
Okay. Have a great suck, is there?
I'll try that.
Okay.
1019 at WIOD was good that that was our first call.
Wasn't it? It was very apropole.
And the life goes on here in the magic city.
It just amazes me.
It's just shocking.
There's the only word I can think of.
I hate to steal from Jay Michaels.
But shocking is the word that just comes into my mind about the crap that goes on
and they just allow it.
I would take some of these people like in a little, a small room,
like a little tiny broom closet somewhere, and just find like a cattle prod
and do terrible things to them until they finally got the message.
Don't you think that might help?
But it's like there are just some people out of control
and they just can't get it grasp on them.
Right?
Speaking about a controller, good friend, we don't want to leave Johnny Dark out of this either.
He and I are basically in limbo for a long time after his performance city of the day.
I'm not joking.
He gets on my nerves probably more than anybody else, even worse than Nick,
which is saying a lot.
Because when I see Nick, I want to just vomit.
But Johnny Dark just drives me nuts.
He's the most arrogant individual like always looking down at note.
Oh, these microphones are, these are past.
Say, nobody in America uses these.
The man has been worked for years now.
Not only knows how long he's been, he's been trying every station.
He even tried Amico and they wouldn't hire him.
That's how many stations he's trying to get into.
And he comes in here and it's the same old crap and the thing with AM stereo.
And he's like knows everything to the point where it just gets on your nerves.
Well, maybe he could go to what are those places where they teach you etiquette?
You know what I'm talking about.
You teach you etiquette?
Yeah, like you know what I'm talking about.
There's a name.
Oh, man, I can see you're going to be a big help this week.
I know what it is.
You can teach you etiquette.
Yes.
Where they teach you manners and etiquette and little something, a little class.
Well, yeah, Marvin doesn't know.
He wouldn't know the meaning of the word.
I don't know.
Emily post or something like that.
That's not the one I'm thinking of.
But like Emily post.
I know who she is.
Yeah.
To teach him a little bit of common sense.
Anyway, it's 21 after 1.
And then he muscles in here and he's just filling his fat face constantly and just keeps mumbling and finishing school.
Yeah, that's right.
Oh, finishing school.
Where you get finished.
And another thing he's starting to do is like he talks while I'm on the phone.
He starts talking with you and with other people in the room and he starts like,
it's kind of like we're in his way almost.
Like this is his headquarters and the place to come because he's bored and has nothing else to do.
And he's getting on my nerves.
Well, we're going to get it all out today.
This is a good way to start the week.
Get it out at the beginning of the week and buy Friday.
It's going to be like paradise.
Isn't it?
Yeah, right.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, he left us a couple of interesting cards.
So we got the cards, John.
We don't need to see your fat face anymore and your big ugly body.
We got the cards.
Anyway, if anybody saw the thing on Donnie Osmond, I guess it's still, I get nervous talking about Donnie Osmond, you know?
Sure.
He's still, like they were interviewing all these girls, you know, who were like in their early 20s and they were saying when they were eight and ten and twelve years old,
that, you know, it was puppy love and he was like a little in Donnie and Marie on TV and all that other crap.
And now that there are a lot of people in that age group who are afraid to admit that they would listen to his records because he still has that image.
Of course.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
He said an interesting thing though, which coming from him, I've always respected him because he didn't go along with that real religious right wing.
Remember when what's her name, Tipper Groor, was running around with all that crap about record and albums?
Oh, yeah.
And he really was one of the handful of people that stood up to her and said, you're full of crap basically and is very nice, Mormon way.
But he said he's not selling sex, but he's selling sex appeal and he said that's what life is all about and it doesn't fly in the face of his Mormon upbringing.
And I thought that was pretty amazing for him to say that, wasn't it?
And you know, the record you played, like a lot of stations when they first started playing it didn't say who it was.
They showed that, yeah.
They showed that.
But he said that if he hadn't made this comeback with this album, that he was going to change his name and start another band, kind of like Eddie and the Cruiser's thing.
And the kind of like, hide his identity, which is pretty frightening.
So I guess being a wholesome is a bad thing in America.
It's like Dale Murphy, for example, brings too much milk and that's why he's not the big superhero that he could be.
If he go out and get drunk and the start messing around with other people's wives, then he could be as big as Wade Barnes.
Okay, it's 1024, a WIOV and we'll be right back.
Hey, DJ, here with Neil Rogers, sit on the radio yesterday.
Hey, he called that old radio.
Well, you know what he said.
I didn't know you could listen to Neil.
I thought you were at the U of it.
I was.
The entire office had the radio on.
You know, more and more of him and others.
This is an on-building too.
So a good thing Neil doesn't charge people to listen.
He can make a killing.
More and more of me.
Well, let's see, who could be dedicated to this?
He, huh?
1027, a WIOVV.
Just get this one out of the way real fast and coconut creaky was.
I had a feeling you'd come here.
You're the bottom of the list, yeah.
How you doing?
Great.
Good.
I'd like to just say something to go on real quick.
I was listening to that powerful show last, I think, was Thursday.
We don't discuss that show anymore, sir.
Okay, we're not discussing it.
It's like Red China.
However, Robin was calling Vicky.
Yeah, we know that.
He is his new groupie.
28 past 10, a WIOVV.
We have an open line in Broward where that moron just hung up.
524-9463-524-WIOD.
Want to spew gutter level low crap on the radio call later in the day.
We'll do that on the show.
Doing?
Well, listen a while.
Anyway, it's great.
And I'm so glad I took that out of order.
Wasn't it?
So we can sit here now and wait for the blade to build back up again.
Before we take our next call, I'm really, there was, I have a psychic stuff thing this week.
Believe me.
Let's go get this out of the way.
Yeah.
Yeah, I would have been ashamed to do it in the middle of a couple of rational calls.
I would have been wrong.
Yeah, I would have been wrong.
Mm-hmm, boy, this thing.
Well, for real quiet.
How about this music?
It takes a big while.
Oh, it does?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
But I like that record lot.
Like I like Linda Ronskin.
Is that acceptable?
I think it's almost embarrassing to like Donnie Osmond and Linda Ronskin.
Oh, you can't do that.
Mm-hmm, boy.
That puts you in a category of being at least over the age of a hundred.
Yeah.
But this is such a relatable record though.
This was a fun spare record.
It's so relatable.
Oh, I can.
My any beach.
It's your buddy, baby.
Judy Red Shoves, not Tophat, Julie Throne.
Why are you calling this show now because of calling?
No, no, no.
Anyway, I have to talk to you.
It's very important.
I'm more not interested in calling a race track.
Listen, your buddy got a job in high-alien, he's going to be a stoic.
Who?
The one you would talk about.
The game of job is a stoic.
What buddy?
I don't know what you're talking about.
The one Mr. Dean.
Oh, yeah.
He's going to be a stoic.
It's a no material.
I'm a no-shered.
Look at that.
What is?
Why are you calling this show?
Because I love you.
No, because Carter won't talk to you anymore.
Why are you calling?
He won't talk to me.
You won't talk to me.
You won't talk to me.
You won't talk to me today.
Did you call him today?
Yes, I called him today.
On the year?
On the year.
And he put you on the year?
I got to go before 8 o'clock.
That's the do-law.
Yeah.
So what do you want, Linda?
I want to issue.
Did you watch that race?
You realize how many people?
No, I didn't watch the race.
I don't know.
I have no interest.
I read it.
I read about it.
I know.
He knocked off Julie Throne and she's all upset.
She made it.
She's always good.
She's always good.
Well, I don't blame her.
That said.
Valiente again.
Valiente, I know this one if you'll be quiet for a minute,
I noticed that when you're running for $150,000,
all of a sudden, Valiente is charging to the stretch
and winning like a champion with that horse.
You know what, they're running for some serious money.
Do you know that the horseman never does that?
I just said, Leicester,
you're not listening to a word that I said!
I didn't mention that.
After the public got really let down,
Let's put it in kind terms the previous two starts all of a sudden they're running for some big money and here comes like a champion
And you feed a 200 to one shot that ran second
3500 dollars they pay for that voice. Yeah, in Tampa
3500 votes well for Halea because all those cheap forces are gonna be running in Halea. It'll be great
3500 dollars for as long as they pay off into window. We don't care. So listen
What do you want lister? I want to know are you coming back to cold? No
Never never
We like Fred too. He's a great guy. We like a lot of the jockeys out there. We like to
several other people many well he works at the other tracks
No, he don't work at the
Coltsree
He works at Halea. Well, are you going to go to Halea? Well, what can I tell you?
He's going to be out of work. Well miss Freddy, but you know thanks for the memories. All right, so listen
Say hi to Nick Gonzalez when you see what you want
Fred is the other night. I was up there Thursday. But that went all the favorites one. No, all the favorites did not win. Oh, that was up Friday
I don't know lister. I don't know any other any more questions lister
Can I talk to the boat? No
The pilot by lister they goodbye lister. It's only a four hour show. All right. I'll see you by
Whoa
It's 1032 at wild
By the way lister
I hope you're listening to lyrics of this record list
Because there's a part of it coming up any second here
Just for you
I don't think you stopped talking a lot enough to do anything
I
Okay, get the message western it's 1033 at wild four-laughter deal. Hello
Anil yeah, is this
Is there really someone else than they will buy the bad one? Yes
Well
tragic
Embarrassing and she works on another station
She works at wftl she had no more business being on his station center
There was only done by Nick Lawrence out of spite because we're not we're not interested in putting the best programs on the year
We're interested in playing juvenile kindergarten games to piss people off here at wild is it's incredible
It's amazing a station that's worth maybe
50 60 million the value is increasing every minute while we're speaking
And we're allowing children to play games with the programming of wild and it must stop at once sir, right?
Right we don't care
Well, uh if they don't listen if they don't care we don't care if they want to run like a kinder garden here
That's fine no problem
They want to train board ops in the middle of the day time will couldn't get arrested like they did friday
Who are sitting there letting you hear the show friday? No, well you should only know what we went through here on friday
I've never heard anything like it in my life
But I don't usually pay any attention to the board ops because most of my ugly anyway
But I mean I just uh have no interest but it was just it was incredible. It was embarrassing
We lost something you'd hear in O'Choppy, Florida
Or in two egg on wtwee in two egg you're right
Listen to dead air and misfiring carts and the plotzing and clapping and puking and
It was just amazing, but you like I said we don't care
Because we're sitting there with a big seven share in midday. We don't give a good fly and leap about anybody okay
We're number one in many team to thirty four. We're number men in one in twenty five to fifty four
We're number one in pigmies under the age of a hundred
Well, what did you call for did I kind of side track you now because you seem like you're lost?
Uh, no, I'm not lost uh listen
I agree with you with it uh on the uh the series uh thank god for channel changes because when that uh
Conceczo gets up well. Oh he's good at it. I mean you see those two plays you made in right feel so far
One play that the easy fly ball that he turned into a double and then the other ball he tried to make that sliding catch
And he picked his glove up and the ball was still on the ground. He is pathetic
I don't know if he won for twenty four now in two years of the series
He had a grand slam his first time at Betty hasn't come close to a hit since then I mean he doesn't even get the ball out of the infield
Well, he's got Andre Dawson syndrome
Well, uh, I sure am room for the a the you bet for a straight for a straight baby get it over with
Absolutely boy that fat russian god hit all over the place again last night. It just did me so much good
Yeah, uh, I was hoping they'd keep him in the whole time. Yeah, give up about 18 runs. He deserves it. All right
He'll have a great day. So let him get you down now
Okay 1036 at w.i.o.d
We have one open line in date and one in brown
and
We're going to be hearing a lot about the sand major show today. I'm sure that what is this babbling just called
for
Nick
Well, isn't that cute tell babbling to go do the traffic and try to get that straight now
She fumbles all the way through the traffic all the time. We don't need amateur hour on the radio and here
Okay, she wants to do that on FTO. That's a good that's a perfect place for that. Okay like a little
A training ground because nobody can hear it anyway perfect
But not on a major market allegedly a station worth like 80 90 million dollars
And we're putting twinkies on to make Nick Lawrence so that he's like playing with a radio station
Can you believe that playing with this radio station like it was some kind of a toy like some kind of a game like his personal
Uh, yo-yo
Right
Well, we just seem to have people in this building and haven't really grown up. Oh
I couldn't have said it better myself several
Yeah, very child like the one I see downstairs the first thing when I come in in the morning every day
Then stands in the door of engineering and gives me a hostile look
Not too many like I said the other day. It's only a very small handful. There is a vertical same with me very
But to such a degree that it's just it's incredible childy juvenile and embarrassing. Yes ridiculous and
Sophomoric. Yes
I'm never really dealt with it like in this building well
Ask us management is oblivious in all they care about is how many free trips they can get
Anyways 10 38 22 before 11. It's called piss off Neal a month of w i o d
After we do the break we're going to come back and talk about the sales department
Followed it all
Oh
Is it long before and a half? Oh good
You don't have to ask Donnie that question I don't get impersonal with
20 411 at w i tell you he's just
Everything that he needs to be okay. He's all right in my book. Here's North Miami. Hello
Yes, good morning, Neil. Well, sure great. I was looking for you at the best game
I got a try expect nothing to body a coke now. We didn't go you didn't go now
They have some nice paying try factors great. We're looking we're looking for you
Well, get out we'll get out there one of these days when they don't have me a tied up on Saturday
They had a decent crowd also good maybe they were expecting you well, that's great
We're going to bring thousands of new people out to this game tell you the truth
They had a lot of old people that I'd never seen of course
So what's the problem with the parama術s in Estonia got too many old people all of them all of them ancient
Old decaying dying rotting old people who are you know like 50 cent betters
What they needed to is get the young people out some of the live blood of course if they can find any that'll be a miracle
And one quick question out a quick question. Were you able to get the hurricanes on satellite yesterday?
The hurricane or the hurricane? No, I didn't I wasn't interested
You guys looking all over why would you want to watch the hurricane game when they're playing a palmetto junior high
Or just why they're all excited about this new kid this new quarterback
They're all excited because they threw for eight billion yards
You control for eight billion yards two if you had the offensive line of the hurricanes plan against the girl school
What difference does it make just San Jose state who makes their schedule?
Okay, see that's the new tactic all these powerhouses. They play two tough games all year
And then they play a bunch of pan G schools all the rest of the year
I mean look at they don't they just got by Michigan state and that's my school
I know a lot about them they suck okay and look at Michigan just beat Michigan state
Does that say how mediocre all these teams are see I like a good semi-proteam like the gators? That's my kind of team
Well, we pay the players and we're proud of it
We have a lot of scandals every year. We keep firing the coaches and the good old arns barter man
He's got a great sense. I don't know anything about this. Hey, I don't what do I know he doesn't know anything about
I just keep firing the coaches and he don't know nothing you know basket ball football. They got all these professional players on there
That's a way to do it
So anyway, did I answer your question? I forgot with the question now the question was did I see the game on a satellite?
I said I don't care about that game. It was ridiculous
Oh, it's just a silly game. What do they win 96 to three or something?
It's just funny to find the fine things that other people can't see that well
Well, listen. I saw every game in the NFL yesterday
I saw the 40-niars beat the crap out of the cowboy
Oh, I'm glad you mentioned that because I would have forgotten that Jimmy has got a perfect season going
He's oh and six and he'll look too happy by the way
He does not look too happy
He's not earning his money because how do you do to haircut is starting to turn gray now. It's amazing like shocking gray
I don't know if that's about it. I've all the two I did see did you see any of the dolphin game?
Um, I watched portions of it. All right. Now did you hear the two clowns that we're doing the game?
Oh, yes, he kept calling story and of its story and of it and he said it's a spaghetti sauce. Do you understand the relationship?
Maybe went the hairy carry broadcasting school, huh? Wait a minute. Here the name is Fred Roggan
and Lyle
Alzeito. Oh geez Lyle Alzeito. He can barely speak
Oh, what about an overpaid never was man Lyle Alzeito? What a member? How great he was supposed to be with the browns and with the raiders, right?
And he's stuck to play so
So now he's sticking to play so out on TV and he was trying to be funny and making all these barnyard sounds
It was the most embarrassing thing I ever heard next to iB babbling in fact
They should have called the football team we be babbling
Or else then have a great day and just remember 100 years from now. It won't mean a damn thing
Do you have to dodge rack? Okay, okay
Boy that was exciting 1044 w. I you must have watched vets of the game yesterday
I know I do what you're talking about. I had a wonderful weekend. I had no frustration no
negatives no
Great well were you all happy for it? Now I had a great weekend did you? Yes great no probably don't remember
I don't recall anyone to get you know added anybody. I don't recall any weekend at all. It's like it never happened
That a good weekend. Well, that's great. We're real proud of you
Okay, let's go to Hollywood. Hello
Hollywood is gone. Well, we're really we're really sorry about that. Bokeh of course will not be there right
Bokeh is gone
Palm Beach
Oh, no. Yeah, what the heck was that noise with deep in my ear? Well, that's to wake you up and alert you to the fact that it's your big moment
Okay, big chance
Yeah, I got it. I was took my you almost took my line away by that TV game. I watched it yesterday
He was at the scrubbing you mean the dolphin game. Yeah. Yeah. Well the game was great. But I answered were terrible
Tell me the bird could have did their job and now he really could have even knowing nothing
He could have done it. I could have been more coherent than those two
No, but that's true. These guys I turn that WLV less and more happy about that probably a lot of people
You don't have to keep putting no live on every I understand that I have the law right here, Marguerine
He doesn't have to keep I know about those people back there in the sales department
Believe me they got a real surprise coming too. I hope they enjoy selling the Dean when he starts next Monday
Go ahead sir. You can't make a Dean starting work. Yeah, I'm here. I'm leaving. I'm going to New York. Oh don't
I'm sick and tired of this place. I'm tired of these people here
I'm tired of all their allies and excuses. I'm tired of the absentee management
I'm tired of the whole ambiance of this place
Now you're better than I am. I went to Michigan. I should just I know it's a mistake
Yeah, I'm not that I'm not that crazy
Yeah, well I went up there for six months my mother wasn't doing it. Boy, those mud buns off. I'll bet
But anyway, you know that you know till we see go with snow then Rochester. I wouldn't doubt that
But anyway, let me ask you a question about that dump machine you got there
You get out of that some kind of machine you got to heat up and you know, I know it's the late thing
I mean when we have a canisterino under it and it takes about two minutes for the steer-no to heat it up
Oh, okay. I just want to know how that thing works. I know the doctor's lazy thing
Mm-hmm. But anyway, two more things and then no answer Glenn's Saturday
But he said I got to ask you about this day. Do I have to land on Saturday? I didn't know he was working Saturday
Oh, I planned to stand oh stand
Sorry about that Glenn don't associate me with this
But anyway, uh, are you coming to ask you? Do you have any melting pots up here? Oh?
I heard that call up where up in West Palm. I don't know
I do know but I'm not going to tell you okay
Be too cheap to advertise on this show then I don't want anything to do with them, okay?
Okay, okay now that's long as you put it
You want me to tell you the real story about that place? Yeah go ahead in the beginning
I mean see when the when like there are four or five different places
They split up the cost of advertising and makes it very very inexpensive
So in the beginning, I think it was when we were on Zeta last year
The West Palm melting pot also participated in that and then after a while
They said like well, we don't need you know, we get the publicity from the other advertising so we don't need it anymore
So we don't want to spend the money. So I'm not going to publicize
So I don't think there is one up there. Okay, I'll let them know I'm not sure
I let them know when I do find it up here. Tell them they're a bunch of cheap states, okay?
And then I hope that their fondue rots in their brain only in the West Palm beach location because we love the melting pot
I can't go down there. I can't know if you're a bluestian yo
I hope that the white chocolate with amoreto hardens around their banana and causes a hernia, okay?
Sort of speak. Yes. Okay, one more thing
If you push that no good
I like it to dedicate if somebody okay. Oh, okay
I'll let's try to wait a minute wait a minute. I have Donnie Osmond. You don't want to dedicate Donnie Osmond to
No, they eat no, it's no, not I want to dedicate that song to the
Well, is that embarrassing Donnie Osmond? Is it embarrassed you?
Okay, he's better. He's getting better with eight. Yeah
Wow, I think so
Music's not too bad either. I think that's better tonight. Oh did you? Yeah, I was interesting. It was interesting
But I know that is interesting as Ernie Sochim but pretty close
You don't step out of the sea or now
Okay, go ahead
Donnie
Okay
There comes my favorite part
I
By the way, we missed another play in the game yesterday
I just mentioned that because I saw Phil come in the other room
It's 11 before 11 at W.I. Well, that's getting to be part of the regular broadcast now people are talking about it
They want to see no seriously. They want to see how many games in a row we can do that on in the course that we almost blew it
But we've her found a spot to get a 90 second in there. It was commercial position number 273 by the way and
We missed a little bit, but it was nothing big was just to kick off in a couple of points
1049 at W.I. O.D. We'll be right back. We won at W.I. O.D. Boy. It's really great to be here
Let's see if you're open. Are you going to be honored? You just to play in games? No, I'm not playing game
Because it says badwin. No, well, no, I got a question
I kind of just woke up and caught the end of your story here and I was wondering what was going on
I heard Stan show on Saturday. Yes, and
Things are pretty upset about this babbling and I was wondering
I'm upset about it because first of all she don't belong on the year and secondly the way it was done
It was foisted upon him by Nick Lawrence our executive producer who continues playing little games with the radio station
That is that anybody that I don't think ought to be on the year or anybody we have a problem with he sticks on the air preferably wants to get in their own show
He was he wanted to do the traffic before it's correct. He's the one who fumbles her way through the traffic. Yes
But you also said she's on another stage on WFTL under the name of I be babbling and I just concluded two days of
Rambling on the air about how I had heard it by accident when they had some kind of a staff meeting and she was on filling in for
any soaching one night and she was babbling
incorrectly for an hour and a half and it was one of the most amazing things I've ever heard in my life
So I mean was the idea of her to be like Howard Stern's Robin?
Robin, man. Robin if you pardon that expression
Hey Neil let me ask you something how many DJs and sound flooring?
And then atop at all off there are some of these real hormonal guys calling you know the moment they hear a woman's voice
Oh they big stator they big are these big as robins are they I mean it was just
Incredible, but she didn't seem to have too much personality or anything to say other than that she's not a dynamic
But I'm gonna see if I can locate the memo that Stan told me he got and read it on the ear from Nick
About how we have this effervescent dynamic young personality
Who would be a great foil to you? We'd like to bring her in at 11 30 etc and so on
So in other words he got them nailed he had nothing to do with it and the inshore could have gotten to the four hours very well
But we have people interfering with shows on a radio
Well maybe you can get a co-host for Joey too. There you go. Maybe I be battling can be on Joey show
Hey I was gonna add a lot of this building how many DJs and sound floored it you think we're trying to talk up hold on
One
One why that you don't know who we're talking about
No
I have to twist the rack do I have to go through the hole? I mean if you'd ask the question
It's a lie I am not I not see okay have a great day later
10 54 W.I.O.D. and let's go to oh there's a mega green spy report better get that right on
Hello, hello, are you doing today? Okay? How you doing bird? Okay. Yeah. Did you hear the interview of a nary show on Friday?
I'm sure you're in the building but I yeah, it's made green on there doing a plug for a television spot that's coming up and
She quoted I'm trying to get my push on the television. Yeah, I heard that
I was waiting for you to make it so I had a scraper in area off the floor after she said that yeah
Yep, it must be a giant in the industry. She's trying to get it on television. Yeah, she's a child
Legend in her own mind
Well, I'm gonna get off the air you guys have a pleasant day. Okay. I see yeah
I know I'm having problems, but there we go the auto cube. Remember that dead air at the beginning of the show. Yeah
Huh? Oh just a minute now. Worth it. Oh, I'm staying used this thing on Saturday, saturday
Uh-huh. Just trying to make one work. Okay. Just one moment plays a lot
There we go. Yeah, see if the auto cube is an on it won't
Search will cue up to the music and then you have that long pause like we had at the beginning of the show
But that's okay staying because you had other problems. That was that should be your biggest problem. Okay
All right, we have one line open and bokeh 278 9463 we are gonna eat Arnold's today. Wayne doesn't know it yet
I think I could be convinced no just to have a couple and don't not those double
You can see the problem with Wayne like everybody else he keeps making them bigger and bigger and pretty soon. They're gonna be like
Triple pounders with cheese, you know, we don't that's not what we're looking for just to plain old little cheeseburgers with bacon
Original Nealie burgers would be nice or even without the bacon. That was bad thing. Yeah, I just the regular little cheese
That's right. We do that was on diet soda or something like that would be great. Okay, Wayne
Like real soon
While we're still breathing. No, this place is driving me to eat
I've been sent to myself for the last several days now that I'm really gonna go back on the straight narrow path
So to speak and this place is driving me to eat in that amaze. Yeah
North Miami. Hello. Hi, and the young graduation mention Arnold's I was there last night in there
Nice enough to give me a complimentary picture of you. Well, I'll be dead. You mean they didn't charge you, huh?
No, I'm not that. Hey, that's burgers agree. I down the six back and then I down two more. You're so good. Mm-hmm
Um, I'm sorry. You didn't go to the best care. I want to find out how you made out there. No, we well
We didn't go so we made our real good
That's good. I go to a bunch of brains out and lose my ass off every time. Well, that's all right
But at least you have a good time. I'm a good time
It we used to have a good time at Calder blues and two and then all of a sudden we discovered that we were being um
Used
Yeah, yeah, I was watching um a police chase out some guy on a motorcycle. I was eating my burgers for exciting. Uh-huh
Uh-huh
The night neighborhood and I was generally something. Yeah, you get to see there's no extra charge for that by the way
Ditterness show. Yeah
Thanks, Neil. Okay. Well, I see you. Did you did something happen to Julie Cron that last year said something about you was riding a horse in that big race and um
I I read about in the paper. It's
On and on but it's good. It's great. We're gonna play the hell out of it because we want to see dying make a big comeback right even over a GT
Are they're all excited about it?
And if you believe that
They're not too excited about anything these days aren't
And past 11 w i o d an open line in broward five two four w i o d
And order stand didn't even have to give the numbers out on the theater day
You want to know how long metal lasts?
Yeah, we used to have those glory days here too when we first came here when the audience was really into the show
I've never seen it sit down. It'd be there'd be as many lines lit as there are right now
They're like five or six lines with now and there would be that many lit at ten o'clock
But we before we even went on the air sure now. It's like all the hat pass a
Yeah big deal look at the he's looking at just as I said that bokeh went out
Okay, we get the message
Anyway, why did he bring this?
Oh the globe
I like that. Why did he bring that to me?
I'm yours. I like that and here from wlrn look at this the signal
Beek out did anybody see be out? I guess I covered that on friday
Yeah with a large blanket
I guess most of our audience doesn't have a tv screen that big anyway
Poppano harness is doing it. I was up there Thursday night. I had a wonderful night
I cast a few tickets made a few dollars set a pretty good night as a matter of fact and this is gonna be the first of two
Spectat brown of that athletes foot
has his own
TV show
For the cable TAP what is that?
cable tap
John cross a K a athletes foot on y 100s morning zoo
Posts offsides a hot new live collage show that deals with controversial sports issues
Huh such as
What professional athletes will look like by the year 2025 that's controversial
That steroid use
sports gambling
marriage to athletes
and much more
And the city of my me police department athletic programs is sponsoring the new wednesday night call in series
And if you have a good radar range you can pick it up
I don't think you pick it up on your tv look like says cable yeah must be all right
It's 1114 at w.i.o.d. here's another race report from north my me b. Hey, Neil how you doing great listen
I thought that song sounded it sounded am stereo yeah was over my my telephone uh
huh
Listen, uh bird bird was right about about Julie Crone he's becoming a real expert on uh
really
What happened was a couple years ago
She was racing and this guy was cutting her off and she took her whip and just beat the hell out of the guy with a whip
couple years ago
A couple years ago last year it was a while back
A while back it was a while back
It was a while back but I was there on Saturday and
As a matter of fact I got there a little early for the race because my friend loved Judy's red shoes
And uh yeah because they were racing for some money this time and right
She wasn't gonna just be kind of dawdling behind the field this week. It's a local horse though, you know
He liked it and I got there early and I saw this
Telecats from Belmont and we had some money to plunge and
There was this one and one a horse and and the one was a vast wedge horse which was good
He was riding into one a was perre and then there was the five who was a chalk which was senior Pete so we
We betted we bet that perfected and we hit that and then the next race
Some guy says listen wheel Judy's red shoes and the perfected
And it doesn't matter because if that chart course comes in second you'll get your $20 back
So we did that and oh my god
Now that was incredible. I wanted to try pay in that race 8,000
5,000 and 30,000 and it was with an att and
Exactly, you know, we were saying well, what if we put her and say well what if that?
I think that's it whatever one says is a track one. That's what lester always yes
But what happened was that she was Crowder and she's a very aggressive rider and uh she just tried to sneak in there at the stretch
You know in front speed always holds up a calder and
There were 11 horses and there were a bunch of them and she just took a stool man
She grabbed the neck of that horse and wouldn't let go that's why she didn't get trampled over
And the horse just because it probably shouldn't break the horse's neck
And she just fell right over and as we were leaving there was another race
So we had a couple dollars. I bet a six nine one straight just like the program. I didn't want to read anything
Or anything or whatever and I hit that one too. So there was a really thing
Um the other thing I was going to tell you was on Friday night
We're just hanging around and we listened to you know who's show
You know after sports talk the one we're not allowed to mention on your on your show
And it was like about 10 after 10 after 8 so I call up and I don't know who it is
Who's who's there Marvin or Nick who's I don't know who's on it. So he goes you want to do the pleasure of allegiance
I said okay fine, so I started doing the pleasure of allegiance in the deans boys and he go and he hung up on me
So we got upset and we called him 12 times in one night we got right through and he's like the phones are real busy and
And this and the problem why did you call him 12 times?
To bother him we said like Bob from
South Miami Joe from here the other one from there he was asking all these questions
He went into the topic that bird likes if you had a TV anchor woman who would you want to see him?
But see we don't we don't care about that show. Oh, I know you don't care. I was just not interested
We're just you were just calling just to bother him
But I'll tell you how many people listen hardly any because we got through right away in the daylight
And you see you've got a lot of experience. You've got to cure yourself of this fetish
Well, we're just doing it to bother him and just to give you a report
Just how many people are listening to the show that's okay. I mean the show is real boring. Yeah, but
I got told you Saturday was a great day and bird hallelujah bird you're becoming a real
Race fan here now all you need is baseball you have a little while
I'll tell you one thing Harvey pack better watch himself because bird will be right there doing a show pretty soon
But you got to ask less right that lester had that horse that came in a second you lester has them all
But you know, what's real about a six seven eight ten? He had a six seven two over to one three four five
You know, I went upstairs. I went upstairs to the track the other day
I hardly ever go all the way up there and it's real nice the way they fixed it. Yeah, I'm a fourth floor. Yeah
It's great. Yeah, they fixed the room well. I have great memories of it
So let me ask you stop fill yesterday on TV
Right night. He's on every day. No last night. He was on that special remember
He called you like last week. He had a special from channel seven that they were filming him
Oh, I know I know it was silly, but I was watching a world series. I didn't see Phil
You're watching the world. I didn't see you either was on some silly show last night. Well, it was pretty good
It was still was all right. It's no other was there. It's father was on the show
Mori. I guess it's father is marrying somewhere. Marie the K
He was there, but the world series. Yeah, after the cubbies are out of it. Forget it
Well, I'm enjoying watching the jazz get the stuffing knocked out
I thought you hate the age I hate I think well
I did too, but the minute the game started if you've been listening to what I said instead of getting all hyper about this
I can't I hate the gyne's worse. Oh you do
You see the concycle family? Yeah, it looks just like him just the only as brother doesn't tilt his head around all the time
All right. Okay. Have a great day. All right take care and I'll see you 1119 oh this collect from frisco has been hanging on for a long time
Hello, hey Neil. Yeah, I came out here to go to world series
I'm pretty out man. You better get there. You're what I'm a I'm a giant man. Oh
Switched over to to hate the giants. Well, you better get there real quick more because it's gonna be over before you
I'm on the game last night now I'm waiting that they were coming back this morning. Yeah, well
I've had it done Robinson's pitching that tonight good hit no pitch. That's his problem. Yeah, I think figure
They should use him for the age. Yeah, but
Well, I think I could be a cub fan from now on a very a job friend company. There you go
At least you get it out of your system now. Yeah
So how's it? Well, how was Stan show? Stan show was great till about 1130
Yeah
Well, they messed around with it, you know, uh, Mr
Nick continues messing around with every show in the station and just interfering and we had a little problem
Serious that's all yeah, well, I got somebody a tape that for me. So wow he denies him now
Of course, he denies all wrong doing with anything, you know, just that's his style. Yeah, boy
I'm glad you got a really nice to marvets better
So wait, what else is going on out there?
Nothing sir. It's the same horrible monotonous tedious
Ponderous place. There is nothing happening and we love it. We like it this way. Yeah, so it's like
S&M after you get the whip didn't beat enough for you start liking it
Okay, have a great time now. I hope you get at least a runner too, okay?
Well, I think you put me on hold for a bit. Sure. No problem
We already spent about 50 bucks of our money. Why not another few?
21 past 11 at WIOD. There's an opening in date 751
9463 751 WIOD and we'll be back
right
After these very important dramatic words
22 past 11
Wurly almost were no not syme twins are joined together physically identical twins
That's see he's telling me about this movie about the identical twin gynecologists
Which I remember reading that on the year. I think it was on Zeta long time ago and making a joke out of it
And I have a really think I saw it was in theaters when we were at Zeta now. It's on cable
Yeah, and I saw it Friday night. Don't waste your time. Oh come on
Okay, we have two open lines. You're both in date 751 WIOD go get grandma's house instead
Was it that called me on Friday and said they didn't like grandma's house? Was that woman?
Remember you said it was um, I don't remember what you said was no wasn't
Did you see a fact and it's not ridiculous. It's kind of a
bizarre weird scary
It's just strange. It's like most of the movies on viewers choice. They're just bizarre and twisted and um
Like dead rings. Well, yeah, that's true. How raised is bizarre. I have to really that's what I saw. Yeah, tempered pines
Hi Neil. Hi. How you doing?
Okay, okay. I just was calling to say um, I decided about the dolphin game yesterday. Yeah, it made my week
Well, that's great to make your week. No, it doesn't make my week
But I was real happy that they wanted. Yeah, it was a good game. I guess it's a little bit too early to get a little bit confident
Well, they played they could easily be four and two right now. That's the shame of a whole deal
But um, you know, they beat the browns and the Bengals back to back and uh
The jets are really doing it. I was pickled at that. This he didn't take a real lashing yesterday from those saints
I loved every second of it. I loved every second of see every shot. They show a wall doing what we call stroking his throat
Oh, yeah, the word about him is by the way. He's out. That's the word about the good old Joe Walton of New York
So I think it's too little too late for them
Yeah, and of course the patriots
Suck when yesterday two lost to the Falcon so I'm very that's why I'm so happy things are looking up for the dolphins
And then the bill they won't pull it off tonight without Kelly. I got to be honest with you
They beat the Bengals yesterday without really playing a good all-agent of a game
Especially in the first half marina was pathetic
Or they couldn't get their act together and they still all the defense kept them in the game and they won her which was great
It's great. Um, I just wanted to also say it was good to hear stands that I just at least I know I don't know
You may have be a little apprehensive, but
Just the guy has you know a place to come to for a job at least one day a week
Yeah, you know, well sometime you start with one day and then it turns into five you never know
You never know like I ever thought it would happen to begin with like from eight to eleven
You never know or you never know where else. Yeah, okay
I'm one other thing I was in the traveling to Tampa last week and I had to miss fortune of stopping at Lakeland and
There's one thing that all those people say that they haven't common one thing that they say they all go
Yeah, that's it. That's what they do. Yep
Have a great day, but she I was born and raised here. I never heard anyone do that. It's not interesting everybody
I guess I was everybody
Especially the people in law enforcement
Okay, we have an open row and look at the day lines and I want you to look at the phone physically
I want you to look at that phone right now. You're not looking at it. There it is all the day lines are wide open
751
WIOG said last call and you know no look what time it is oh Joey still on oh
Okay, does that answer everything you need to know here's a Joey spy report
Yes, I'm going for Joey
I was in the middle of flipping between Revenge of the Merids and running up to see that the news splash
Come on and guess who's on TV but Joey yeah, that's why we're having a little trouble and Dave Kiley
It shows a monster in day. Oh, we can't compete. We're gonna play more Johnny Osmond records
I think well, I don't know but I think athletes which show is in serious trouble here
And I'm gonna tell you why because today he has blessed
Accumeminations on the TV show and I think you guys missed it. You have it on the TV over there
It's you would have caught it. He was
showing how to do a breast
man and Joey Joey yeah, yeah, that figures and there was a lady in the audience who was you know touching herself talking to this other woman
Who wait a minute what it means? He was touching you see was touching herself
He was 88 and he was touching herself that I know they come from the professionally catatonic and ugly
This where they got the people. Oh, it's not real or was she made out of cardboard?
I think she was made out of plastic. Yeah, but when the cardboard figures on a Joey Reynolds show and the audience start touching themselves
You know well, it's gone too far. I saw him giving him cool. It's just before they went to the cut to the break
And I think it has that Joey. Yeah, it had barbiturant sentence
So they're trying to make him you know feel down anyway. Mm-hmm. I don't have a scene. I haven't seen one person smiling to show
But well, they ought to bring Joan Loveod on there to do the news
Well, the lady who they have a smile either the lady who they had as the
The person who knows all about breast
Reconstruction and all the cancer she had her hair that's a type that her upper lip was pulling over the top of her nose
And she had a horrible look in teeth and
I don't know if they did her hair, but but that Joey went out to the audience and now he's kissing everybody
Went out to the audience. He does kiss ma'am. I'm sorry. He kisses anything that moves
Well, he yelled at this lady for smudging his makeup right on TV. Yeah, stop don't kiss me so hard
You're smudging my orange makeup
so and by the way, Dicky Farrell
session him with you nice to go and
One of his callers says you know dick you you can call you back anytime because
I've what I'm thinking is I think this guy has
Spend about an hour and a half before he leaves for w. I. B. And he calls all his friends. It says listen
I'm gonna call you and you just say that you know that you called me you know to me
He calls all his friends to get well. I shouldn't take more than 30 seconds
Well, I don't know. Maybe he pays these people too. Yeah, but oh
Well, come on more cardboard by the way some the people I call it show they call dick park
Yeah, well, I have a cousin named Freddie Parkle and I think we'd probably be doing a better job than that. Okay. Have a great life
29 tanks 11 at W. I. B. Another Joey spy report, but there won't be anybody here cuz it's on a vocal line
I guess what I'm here. Oh boy twice in a row. This could be a record
This is at the all-time record to an arrow. Yeah, and Bishop's sister was in the audience of that Joey show and
Bishop sister was she wearing a nice sweater. Yeah, I did most exactly like her. Bring it up to cover the state of Georgia
Yeah, and you know, I have to tell you that Joey's got a great face for radio. No, yes, he does
But anyway that footy he knows that's nothing about sports
Every morning he reads the sports out of the herald. Mm-hmm. What does he do about the late games?
He's an incomplete. Yeah, I don't know but the guy knows nothing about sports. How can he do a sports show?
Well, first of all, it's on some
public access
educational cable channel that you can't get unless you live right next door to the
Code hanger that they got on top of the roof. Yeah, so unless you live with it about two blocks who were the code hanger is you can't see it anyway
So it doesn't make any difference to me knows anything you've seen those public access things where the picture is like real distorted
And the sound is real girl or sound sounds like W. O. L. V. You know real muffled and garbled the cameras out of focus. Yeah, yeah, so I wouldn't worry about it
Well, I won't I won't look forward to it. Okay. All right. That's it. Neil. See you. Bye 1130
A WI do we're really starting to pick up some momentum now. Can you feel it? We are no
I sure hope that we get lunch real soon. I don't want to push wing, but I think I'm gonna pass out if I don't have a little something
Well, I would be wrong to play more Johnny Austin
I like one bad apple. Look at this. This cut won't play. Oh, I see it's real low
Okay, it's 1148
Pretty impressive
Oh
Plantation hello
Yeah, you're doing okay. I got a restaurant before it for you. Yes
Chili Friday night. We went there. We had a way to half-hour online right this is getting really hard for us
Society night we go to the Mongolian barbecue. You hear of it?
The Mongolian barbecue. Yeah, it's up on University Drive just before commercial and he started the road. Oh, yeah
Outrageous
Love it. It's a lot of fun food is great the people the service. Yeah, I remember that place in fact
I think Denonberg was supposed to be a sponsor on the shore. I guess it was Coleman
Coleman. That's why they never came on the air because Coleman had the account. I heard it was great
You gotta go if it's the best thing to come to plantation area in a long time. Well, that's not plantation
Well, it's in the area hammer-at. Well sunrise. No. Yeah, it's over on University. Yeah, that's not sunrise
All right camera. Well, it's up by commercial right just before commercial. Yeah, that's tamarind. Okay. I mean
They're making a difference but most people don't want to go to sunrise. Okay, but you're bad enough
Not a tamarind but sunrise. It's a blast and the people that work there come are nicest people
You know, you know, let me ask you a question. Why did you go to chilis?
Is it where are you gonna go? I mean on this side of town is nothing. I mean, I like chili soup, but other than mad
Well, he does a real good. Are they yeah and the mug the frozen margaritas are great the frozen mong and margaritas
Yeah, okay, but you know you got a way to have found one that's
We just showed up here Wayne Arnold just came in so how do you like that?
We'll send that up next week. You may not have Mongolian douchebags here, but we got Wayne Arnold and that's good enough for us
All right, listen. I always tell Robin Holly and I want to call Roger a major douchebag and he wants to talk to you standing right here. Okay, hold on
Hey Neil yeah, Roger one time. Same old stuff Roger
I'm about to know they look good. Yeah, I'm asked the quarter anyway
Yeah, well, I just gotta say one thing so I want my gay friends, you know how many games will people are yeah
He is a major douchebag. Well, you know what they say up in gamesville man if he can't win a fair cheetah lot
I heard of I got the best team running by you've got it. Okay. Good luck to you. Good luck. You'll need it
Ten till noon at W.I.D. look at that boy. You're not wasting any time digging right into there, huh?
Garving. Yeah, memory and there's a clue
What is that?
God, this man what does he come to your water?
He really knows how to do it. Just what I like. I like just little cheeseburgers and they're just sensational
perfect
I do it's my favorite probably have to play some music while we oh, yeah, like some more Donnie Osmond. Good idea
You notice the audience is not commenting on either how about if Donnie Osmond was on Hollywood square
It wouldn't work, huh? No, I just don't don't have a worry. They've been on Donnie and I think sitting real close
You do ever wonder about them. No
Well, I know they're Mormons
Well, they seem awful close
You have a sick mind
Well, like I made that up like that never happens. Well, I never thought of it. Not those two
No
Because they used to sing that song on a little bit something and I never said what
But I'm telling you there's something going on there. Well
Well, you have really come through on a day of need. This isn't just a regular trust me
Great
Well, you you can do it. Thank you, Wayne
Just stick with it before you know it looks like Don Zimmer
Okay, 1152
at W.I.O.D.
I'm gonna have to make a
Oh, yeah now, but much later. Okay. I just my mind is telling me that there's nothing you know what I'm saying understandable
It's my mind is telling me that
Yeah, hmm
Well, they just brought us some stuff. Let's see what great stuff this might be okay. So I know that venture
Nick rings is all a good stuff. Mm-hmm
What is it? Ask these on the air after 1 p.m. after 1
Now we don't we don't do this crap
Ask these on here. Who is this from
We don't do trivia questions on the air
Name two on its hits with the word baby in their titles like be my baby and baby. I love you. Mm-hmm
I'll just give you answers
So these are spin-down
But a paper isn't it? I've never seen it. I came at news and views
Oh, I don't mention the name, but just look at what
Is advertising in there?
Okay, now they might as well take whatever it costs them
For this ad which admittedly probably wasn't much in burn it just burn it
Throat in the bay. Yeah
What is that real Jewish Polynesian food? Oh, I see the chef's name is chef George J. U George you too
George you
And it says real Jewish Polynesian food in there. I love Polynesian food in fact. It's funny. I should see that Ed because there's no
Well, I don't know about that place, but this town. Why isn't there a Polynesian restaurant
Polynesian is not Chinese and it's not Thai. It's completely separate. It's incredible. It's tremendous
What the hell is wrong with this town?
The what get out of here with that with that tourist trap
Now to this oh, I'm not going to even mention the name of that place on here
I wouldn't dignify that place by mentioning that overpriced crap
tourist trap
Years ago, they used to be a good place like about 20 years ago excellent food was great
It wasn't so outrageously overpriced
Now I wouldn't send Nick there on a bed
Well
Ten minutes pass noon at the WIOD and should we take a call we got a mobile in Hollywood
Hello, yes
Yes, sir, okay, you guys in bed need to talk about it and I thought I'd give you some suggestions
Okay reading the split session you have to come to your own sport. What do you mean we're in bad need of something to talk about?
What are we on in that? We're on sport. Are we on?
One interesting topic all morning and this you wait a minute you didn't like the Hollywood squares. No, I got a good one for you though
I'm reading a paper and there's something interesting
Sports section of course. What's that one paper exists this summer?
Miami-Herole. No, there's never been anything interesting in the herald
Okay, let's give it a shot. It just gives the editor picture. I just got what it says make the love connection
Call me now
9708 or 9709
And here's that that idea if you want to call them out of the form with plate of the radio. Can you do that? No, no
One dimensional. It's 11 past noon at WIOD. What a tragic tragic tragic call
Oh, it was pretty good idea though. Oh
You're having a BLT too. It's great. They are great. Thank you Wayne. Thanks again. Thanks for the memories
Well, I sure miss Wayne when I'm in the big city with my new jobs somewhere
Where it's gonna be like a popgo or
I'm a serious. I'm ready anywhere
Yeah, the word
That's a poppycock
