Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD presents Neil Rogers.
To get in touch and talk, call 751 WIOD in date.
524 WIOD enbroudered, or 655-278 WIOD in the Palm Beach.
Other areas may call collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD.
From the dead old him, I wouldn't see him.
I get about the queue and I'll say, where's Ann going?
What's he doing with that machine gun?
Oh my God, where's Sam?
Sam was in the white.
He was fed up with reading one story after another about drugs and violence.
Now, she wants to write the rules that rewrite the news in and full, starring and bigger.
So, simply, please.
I'll see you tonight at 5.11.
Scott.
And, oh, she took the news into her own hand.
What are you going to do with me when I get through with you?
There won't be enough of you left to make a good suitcase or Don No.
And, oh, starring and bigger.
Also, starring Carl Wither the joint-loader Dale.
And Don No, says Don No.
There's a stationary car head over the midway.
And, both, these three rooms are new.
And, both, coming soon.
Oh, yeah. 1007 at WIOD.
Here we are.
Well, this is a banner day in a history of the show, ladies and gentlemen.
It's 1005 at WIOD.
We have our first official guest.
And what is it, nine weeks?
This is week nine.
And, you know what they say?
What goes around comes around.
Because this gentleman was sitting here on a very famous Friday.
Wasn't that on a Friday?
Yeah.
When you were on Steve's show.
Now, Steve said he probably coming early, probably at one or so.
And, Tom's leaving at one.
But, that's just a coincidence.
I don't want Steve to get a complex, but you do have got even a deadline schedule at my new paper.
And, I have to get out of here.
Tom Jik is the former radio TV editor of the Mimee News.
And, he's going to tell you stories about the Mimee News today that'll make your hair curl.
And, if Howard Kleinberg's out there listening, good luck to you Howard.
And, of course, Tom now is with the sun sentinel.
Now, let me just...
Can I get something?
Just one second.
Ah!
Doo!
I don't want to see you guys have some work to do over the time.
I know that.
I can tell you how that happened.
I want you to look at another John Ruffing.
Knowing it is one thing.
But, I think it's exactly what happened.
We had a situation up there because they got word yesterday of what you were doing down here.
We had...
Really?
Yeah, we had a situation where the person who does the radio listings had left the paper
at the end of last week and being the holiday week and someone who didn't know anything about
it other than the fact that it had to be in the paper grab the file.
Never bothered to look for the date.
Just saw a January date and it could have been 1986 or 87, slapped it in there.
But, no, that situation was addressed and it won't happen again as you.
But, meanwhile, that's not my responsibility folks.
I don't have to do that anymore.
I'm just trying to point out some of the people who worked there before and never even
owned a radio, I think, at the Sun Sentinel or a TV set.
Well, I don't know.
They're nice.
They've been awful nice to me.
No, they're wonderful folks.
Just like the folks here, they're tremendous.
I mean, once in a while, they get a little erratic, but by and large, they're great.
It's part of all the terrible things you've said about them.
That may not have.
They've been terrific to me.
I never felt so welcome in a place.
And the people at the New...
See, that's the thing you said about how it wasn't so much.
The people at the New...
No, I like how it was.
It was the cocks, the executives in Atlanta who really screwed us really.
But you are going to tell us some great stories about that.
Wow, yeah.
This is an interesting news story as there are in any place.
But Tom, what is it about newspapers?
Now, I pick up this morning's Miami Herald, January 4th, and here's a big ad on the
front of the feature section about when tickets to the Orange Bowl.
It's Orange Bowl time again.
Now, here you can win a pair of grandstand tickets to the Orange Bowl parade.
And you've got to enter by January 2nd.
I can tell you exactly what that is.
That's what's known in the business as a house ad.
What probably happened there was there was a paid ad that was killed at the last moment.
And they keep a pair of ads that...
An occupist ad, read the Herald Daily, really, really call highest and read this one,
read that one.
And somebody in the composing room probably just...
That was the ad that fit the whole.
So they just slapped it on in there.
Those things happen.
Well, make some look real on top of that.
Oh, yeah.
I don't know if it can happen anywhere.
I've heard the ad so you know, I don't want to make a tip for tap at the ribbon ads in
the radio station here for events that it already taken place.
Oh, yeah, that's not here.
And that is what that is.
It's just something I'm not here.
I'm not here picking up the wrong cart.
So anyway, I don't know that we got anything to talk about today because it's not going
on really well.
No, it's not going on really well.
And all the people out there all confused.
Much to do about nothing basically.
Oh, now please, if I hear that song one more time, you don't understand.
I've heard it more than most because I've had the amount of these days.
See now, if you do move to Broward because you're working up there in Fort Lauderdale
now at the Sun Sentinel and if you do have to move to Broward, one of the great things
you'll discover is that NBC comes in equally as well on a cable.
If you do have cable on four and five, exactly the same.
There are no technical difference whatsoever.
So like out of spite, you can turn on five a lot when the network programs are on and just
say goodbye to four, even though you may, you know, Neilson isn't in your house or anything,
but just kind of a psychological boost to get even for that campaign.
It is the worst, the most offensive thing.
And the one that really gets me is the guy in a leather jacket.
The skinny guy in a leather jacket.
This is supposed to be coming in.
And that guy, and all of those spots are nervous and hyper.
You know what I'm saying?
Everybody who's in those spots, by the time you get through with them, if you can stand
it, you're so sick to your stomach and nauseous, you want to puke.
Well, I just, it's not so much the campaign, which really isn't that bad.
It's the repetit.
Oh, over and over again.
Back to back.
Back to back.
It's almost like a torture.
Yeah.
What are they thinking about over there?
I don't know.
And they, you know, they promised I did a piece on it last Thursday, where they promised
we were going to cut them by 50%.
Now, they flat out lied about that.
Well, God knows what the campaign might have been if it'd been double what it was then.
I'll watch a letter from last night and I'm telling you back to back.
Oh, they're still doing it.
And apparently it's going to go on at least through the end of the month.
And, you know, if I had that option, I certainly would turn to Channel 5 because it's just
an offensive campaign.
The repetition.
All right.
Before we get into all of that, you've got a column in the Suncentless Morning about
sunny Fox.
And which answers the question, which I heard was raised here yesterday by Steve.
The Tom is not covering radio.
Not so.
Where did he get that?
What did Steve has had a rough couple of, you know, thank you, Molo's, Bum Steers,
high ball games over the weekend.
He had a lot of grief on that.
No, no, I intend to do everything up there that I did at the news on a TV radio.
As a matter of fact, one of the things that we discussed when I went up there for the
interview was they were happy that they would get better radio coverage than they've
been getting.
Oh, someone who actually owns a radio.
No, you know, I lay desperately near other than the piece that I did on Sunday on the
change of the stations.
My first column is on radio.
So what is your story?
Now, sunny called me at home the day after this all happened.
And I didn't want to really pry.
You know, he told me whatever he wanted to tell me, but I'm still a little bit confused.
You know, I know how bad most management is in business.
Most of them are high grade morons.
What is the dealer that guy had great numbers?
Well, a year and a...
So if you remember and you might, the public weren't because I generally don't deal in
rumors, but there was a big rumor going around, I guess, in October that sunny was gone
the end of the year.
I called sunny and I asked them about it and he laughed it off and I called the station.
You know, they laughed it off.
But supposedly the story was that sunny was getting good numbers, but not good numbers
for the kind of money that sunny was making.
That was...
This was the rumor.
And like I say, they both laughed it off at the time, but sure enough, come the last
week in December this sunny off the year.
Now, neither side is talking a lot because they both under instructions of attorneys,
but from what I can piece together, it was one of these discussions apparently that ended
with sunny saying, you can take this job and do what...
You know, put it somewhere.
And that was all they were waiting for.
Now again, this is strictly my interpretation.
That was all they were waiting for going, okay, you quit.
You quit.
We heard you say it.
And that apparently is what the dispute is all about.
Well, that's your son's familiar, doesn't it?
In other words, they kind of like give him an open invitation to leave.
Yeah, sunny was probably a very fun picture.
That's all my interpretation from reading really fine lines between the lines, because
that one you're not going to repeat that you wrote about.
That's never going to hold up.
Well, I only quoted what the state...
No, no, I understand, but I'm saying that if they think they can keep them off here in
this market, not going to hold up, because it's been tested in court before.
Well, it was tested by me.
Maybe you were in the company.
No, no, I'm not talking about me.
There have been other ones.
Maybe three months, maybe six months.
And under these company, you held up.
Not for a year.
No, not for a year, but I mean, I don't know that they had year clauses.
I think they had like 90-day clauses.
Mm-hmm.
Wasn't Steve off the F, six months?
Three, I think.
Three?
I think three to six is about as long as any judgeable rule.
Well, I think they're out of the way.
Because it's the right to work.
Yeah, I don't think that they should exist at all.
I can understand, I guess, why they have them.
You know, a station doesn't want to promote the hell out of somebody and then see them walk
across the street.
But Jesus, this is American.
If you change, like I changed jobs and the news that did a certain amount of promotion
to me right up to the last minute, of course, they're out of business.
But, you know, here I was.
A Friday I was working at the news.
Sunday I was working at the Sunset.
No.
I hear a lot of the problems.
A Y100 have to do with this new 10-year-old program director they brought in from Chicago.
I don't know too much about him.
Oh, we hear some.
The word is, he's just not a great guy.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, the eight-year-old PD that does those, I spoke to him yesterday.
He was part of the sunny story.
He came out.
He was the one who said that, you know, sunny said that he didn't resign and he said anyone
who would get that interpretation from the conversation would have to be insane.
That's among the things that I pieced together.
Apparently, it was one of those deals with people that get mad at each other all the time
and just say, all right, that's it.
And don't really mean it, but that was all the excuse they needed.
I wouldn't be surprised if they had it on tape.
Okay.
We can get the radio stuff out of the way like in a first segment here because there's
not really much going on.
The book comes out next Tuesday.
Is it Tuesday?
Well, I'll have a call.
And then, I guess Wednesday or Thursday, we have different deadlines at the Sunsend.
No, I'm still getting used to them.
Now, WOLD still on the years at station still here.
I believe it is.
Yeah, they sign that people are contracts that they don't know.
They were talking to her.
They love it.
They talk to any of them.
You really, is it a contractor?
Is it a letter of agreement?
I too.
I think the follower was supposed to call us with the inside story, but I have a feeling
that somebody got to it.
He called me yesterday or a dudgeon called me yesterday.
He wanted me to come on a show and I said, you know, that I've got a lot of things I've
been getting calls from a lot of people, especially up in the Northern Marcopom beach in Broward
because I'm the new guy up there, I guess.
And I said, you know, you'd have to put it off a bit.
But I didn't hear from Lee personally.
Well, that makes two of us.
Maybe Lee is in hiding now.
I don't know.
He's not sure he's doing it today.
It's amazing.
So, they're still on the year over there, huh?
Because they're very graphic, yeah.
They're so ancient.
Well, we'll see when the book comes out.
It's a strange book.
How do you interpret the book next week?
I mean, you were over there for half the book.
You were here for half the book.
That's going to skew both the morning and the midday.
You really won't get a rating till the next book.
Yeah, that's correct.
Which is kind of nice.
It gives us a little breather.
It's going to go up some.
But the interesting part will not be here.
We'll be the drop at the other place.
Yeah, and to see what happens in the morning,
when you already say those.
I got to say one thing for Zeta.
You know, I did all that racking about the billboards.
Have you seen the 195 where the Zeta was cut off on the billboard?
What they've gone two stages.
They finally, evidently, they discovered it themselves
or else they heard me talking about it, which is more likely.
And they finally got them to complete the Z and the A.
Now they've gone overboard.
The Z is, and the A are sticking off the edges of the billboard.
You don't see how they had NeoRigis on the one by the epi.
Long beyond week.
Long after I left you were gone.
So I guess they figured they paid for it.
They'd leave it up there maybe fool something.
They could tune in for a while anyway.
Maybe they catch a 15 minute segment.
But there's nothing else going on.
There's no sheet of steel dead.
No, and dead in the water.
Talking about before we went on about Waxi apparently is up for sale,
which it has been for years.
Long as I've been in the water.
I mean, yeah, since Neo was a KAC.
You know, that's an RKO situation.
I think that's probably the last of the next of the last RKO station to be sold.
Isn't it?
Well, the O.R. is being held up.
There are people challenging that.
Well, that's been challenging for you.
What they're looking for is a buyout.
Probably that's what they've been doing in these situations.
Yeah, it seems every time there's one of these challenged licenses,
that's how it winds up.
One group buys out the other to take their complaint back.
That's what happened with 96X.
Remember a whole bunch of people put in for the licenses and then one group
just bought out all the others.
Well, it's a game.
I think it goes on with licenses, but the audience is not that interested.
Yeah, I'm generally full of deregulation,
but I don't know that this shouldn't be some kind of an anti-trafficking regulation back in,
where you just can't buy these stations and move them again every three or four months.
All right, when we come back, I want to do the break now.
And when we come back, we got to hear that spigot and freeway thing.
There's somebody saying to me, and I know that you'll give us about a minute to...
Been a long time since we heard that.
Yeah, I haven't heard that one in a while.
Not great quality, but we'll do that after the break.
And also, before we get into the TV, and I know this is what most of the questions
will probably be about today.
And we've got to talk a little about the Miami News.
Oh, yeah.
Just a little bit.
Just a little.
Yeah.
Well, you know, what happened there?
A corporate America at play.
It's really interesting how you can, you know, go out of business and make $300 million
by creating a monopoly.
Now, that wouldn't be this company, would it?
Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Yeah.
So that if Disney comes in and a controller and gives you dirty luck, you will understand.
You probably never give me a dirty luck.
Probably had a call from the Cox lawyers.
That's it.
And blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
You know, anyway, it's 1018 at WIOD time.
1023 at WIOD, our guest is Tom Jicca, the radio TV writer now for the Fort Lauderdale Sunset
and the Lee Finley escape that little tiny newspaper in Dave, which we'll talk about.
Now, we got that all cute uproader.
I want to make it clear that our good friend Don Eimes at WFA and formerly WNBC in New York
gives us his blessing to use this stuff.
And Johnny Dark, also should get a little credit here for intervening and making sure that
we could play another quality on this is mediocre.
Okay, it's a little muffled and we're going to get a much clearer copy, but it's the
best that we can do.
It's about that house, doubt.
Listen.
Hey, hello, water's warm.
I'll say you come here often, pardon me?
Have you been here before?
No, first time.
What's your name?
Freeway.
Freeway, that's nice.
I'm Spigot.
We have to meet you.
Spigot's right in here.
You're here to get clean?
What?
Oh, I don't know.
You work around here?
I'm a waiter, but Ashley I'm an actor, you know.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I know.
What's the top of it?
You probably need to rely on it.
Oh, I'll say, but you know, with everything it's in the news and all, it's to pay.
Hey, you can start relaxing right now, freeway.
I brought something.
Oh, she.
And freeway.
Not just any sheet either.
Wow, gold lame.
Pretty Kikanda, but here's the most important part freeway in the ProTech label.
ProTech, huh?
Aren't those indoors by the City Council of San Francisco?
Absolutely.
You know the ProTech slogan, don't you?
I sure do.
Certified safe by the city by the Bay.
Well, what do you say?
Darn, look at that.
I dropped the soap again.
Oh, I'll get it.
You bet your life he will.
And with confidence.
Because freeway in spiket have condoms.
Don't let worry, spoil those chance meetings in public showers.
Always carry ProTech.
PROTECT.
PROTCT.
TMI-3S-MB.
PROTCT.
TBendown with no apologies.
I'll get to the right.
I'll get to the right.
Don't doubt.
Know what it's all about.
The ProTech Chief.
So they won't send you a ring.
ProTech condoms.
Activision of Black Flag Health and Garden.
Test control division.
Keep in situation safe since 1887.
1026 at WIOD.
Thank you, Don.
And, Johnny.
Okay, that is nothing to do with anything we're doing.
But I promised yesterday we would play it and we did.
Okay, Miami News closed on Saturday.
There were all those stories right up to the end.
The sale, no sale, all that other stuff.
Well, Howard's had the best line today.
The way they were trying to sell the news was like having a fancy sports car and trying to sell it without the engine.
I mean, once they removed the J.O.A.
What they did, the J.O.A. allowed them to strip themselves of all their assets with the J.O.A. talking newspaper.
J.O.A. is joint operating agreement.
That's the agreement that allowed the Herald and the news to circumvent anti-trust laws to combine their operations so that we published the news published at the Herald facilities.
When that was signed in 1966, the news gave up their own facilities.
And it just more or less put them on a lifeline to the Herald.
And as soon as you withdrew that lifeline, if someone would have bought the news, I think the Herald had said they would agree to publish the news for a year.
They didn't say anything about the other services like sell the advertising delivered.
And the start-up, it would take months, if not years, to put together what you'd need to sell advertising to get the paper delivered.
There was never any real likelihood.
The morning that they announced that the paper would go under, they told the staff that there's virtually no chance of a sale.
That was the day that they announced it.
So, you know, were they really sincere in trying to sell it?
Why would they want to be there? They're going to make maybe $300 million out of it not being able to understand.
You understand Cox had to do that so they could pay us to do this show.
I thought that you wanted to apologize.
But I thought that was the way it was.
To figure, you know, when I saw $300 million out of 30 years, I said, yeah, well, I'm not sure if I'm paying the money.
Maybe that's the most.
But anyway, there were some interesting things you told me before.
I don't want to be an instigator, but you said that when we did this show, we made plans to do this a long time ago.
That it would be all over and you'd be working somewhere else, which knock on what you are.
And there were some stories that you wanted to relay, which to me were shocking.
I mean, for example, when you used to do the show and go back to the news, there were things.
Oh, I would bounce around from executive office to executive office, you know, getting my fanny back.
Why did you say this and why did you say that and how could you say this?
And, you know, one, anything really terrible, but the big thing being that they went absolutely nuts.
Any time I said anything about the herald now, supposedly, we were going to be like, oh, yeah.
Any time I said anything negative about the herald, I one time I made some kind of a flip comment about Dick Capen, you know, I think it was, I said he was, yeah, one of my favorite.
I forget. It was just like a fun comment. It wasn't anything in, oh, my God.
It was just like the end of the world.
I mean, Dave Kraslow had me in his office and he referred it to the managing editor and the managing editor, he referred it to Howard.
And oh, my God, it was like the end of the world.
And I really feel it, but allegedly the two papers were called.
Yeah, this is what really ticked a lot of people off. Most people are not that stupid.
But even though there was separate ownership, there was this incestuous relationship.
And I don't think it's an accident that the circular, I almost passed out when I read in one of the last editions that the circulation had dropped to 48,000.
You know, in the news, and that's 48,000, we can get that many people in this block.
Oh, yeah. New times is probably doing close to that.
No, the thing about it, that 48,000, there's another example of how they manipulated things.
That 48,000 figure was the absolute rock bottom figure on one bad day during the summer.
And they wanted to get it down to that figure.
They never really, we never really had an opportunity to see the agreement.
But during the last few years, we used to joke at the paper that they were trying to put it out of business.
And we were joking. But now you have to wonder.
And supposedly there was an escape clause of 50,000 again.
These are all hearsay because we did we none of us ever saw the agreement.
And they got it under 50,000. It's real coincidence that as soon as they got it under 50,000, they came up with this agreement.
But the thing that really bothers me is the way they handled it.
They've known they were going to put the news out of business since January of 1987, apparently.
They renegotiated this deal. And the circumstances that happened, they'll get into that in a second.
They renegotiated this deal. Meanwhile, since then, they brought people in from out of town.
Had people relocate reporters and editors. And Tom, don't worry about 1996.
Hey, no problem. You know, because 1996 was supposedly...
Oh, please.
So they brought people into town.
They allowed people to close on houses within weeks of when they were going to make this announcement.
And they knew they were going to do it.
They had someone come down from one of these exit services that kind of holds your hand and tells you things aren't going to be that bad.
And they had them in for counseling.
And this guy told one of the groups that he was ready to come down here in June.
That he had his plane ticket and his bag pack.
And he was coming down here and got a call like at nine o'clock at night.
You know, hold off. We're not going to make the announcement yet.
And they didn't make the announcement not too October.
Meanwhile, in the interim, they allowed department heads to buy houses, take 30-year mortgages.
It was just, you know, like the hell with the people.
As long as we get our 300 million dollars.
That's not pretty familiar, does it? I was just thinking, don't buy a hell.
And the really interesting thing was that the week that the paper went under was the week that Forbes released its list of the 400 richest people in America.
Well tied for number seven and eight with a coxist, the swoon this company, at $2.25 billion a piece.
Now, you know, how much is enough?
Roger just got nervous when he hears. He's going to go and ask for a raise in the dealer.
$2.25 billion, okay, that's four and a half billion dollars.
That's such a much just to think of. Just roughly, you know, we just did some figuring in the newsroom that at about seven or eight percent,
what you could get in any money market fund, which of course they're doing a lot better with their investments.
But if they never made another dime and they're making money hand over fist every day, you could put that into a bank and a money market and get roughly a million dollars interest a day, every single day of the year.
And you know, here it is, we were the only...
Even Rebecca Paul can compete with us.
He's going to that boy. Am I glad I'm glad you did that last week.
But anyway, there goes Roger. He's handed.
I saw Rebecca at the Orange Bullying at the night.
She's a big fan of mine now.
Oh yeah, well, I mean, I'm glad I was driving the car that day and I said to myself, how can she just put out...
And you're right, they don't pay out of diamond.
Give me the 27 million dollars and let me take it out of the track and have a good time.
They give you 5% of the prize. Now you can get seven or eight percent in the money market anyway.
Well, look, it's the biggest sucker bet that ever came down to Pike. Let's face it.
Well, I play.
We've got to be a moron.
You know, I play, but like I said, I know I'm getting out of the room.
Why do you play it?
No, I'm the only shot I ever have at 27 million dollars.
But you know you don't have any shot.
Well, look at those numbers last week.
What were they drinking up there in Tallahassee that they come up with 20, 30, 40,
and they would have had 50, but there is no 50, so they got 49.
What was that all about?
I don't know. That's why you had five winners, I guess.
But anyway, if I would you like to win 27 million, have the winning ticket and think you're going to win that much.
I know.
And find out there are four other people that wanted.
Well, I don't know.
Yeah, five million would be a nice consolation prize, but I said the same thing Sunday morning.
But anyway, to get back to the news situation.
So here's these women with $2.25 billion of the...
The walonness radio station.
They're making a million.
I just mentioned that in a fan.
They're making a million dollars or they could be making a million dollars a day just to say,
just to say, obviously, they're making a whole lot more than that.
Not to mention that they own cable companies that are just cash cows, just gushing money.
And for years, the only assets of the Miami News were its employees.
They had nothing else. The furniture, everything else is owned by the herald building.
We had nothing.
There's no one rule.
So here are the people that have been making this money.
They're going to make another $300 million and they put it out in the street.
And then they talk about, I got a nice buy out because I was there 17 years.
But you know how classy they were.
I would have been there 17 years in April.
You know how they figured my severance pay.
You think they'd give me 17 years?
I got 16.7 years.
So they...
Well, that other 0.5.
Yeah, that could have been...
0.3.
Yeah.
You could have broken right there.
Yeah, the 0.3 weeks.
You think they would have said, well, 16.70, 0.60.
We'll give you 17 years.
Credit...
No, no, I got 16.
And then they had this deal where if you were over 40 years old and you'd been there more than seven years,
you got up to...
One year's pay for up to five years for being over 40 because obviously you're not as marketable when you're over 40.
Same deal.
I'll be 44 in July.
They gave me 3.4 years.
I mean, they just really knickled and dived this thing.
They're going to make $300 million.
Women who are already the seventh and eighth richest people in America.
And they knickled and dived this to death.
But the bottom...
But you know, it's easy to have hindsight.
But it's just like my leave in the other place under slightly different circumstances.
But horrendous management.
And coming over here and making tons more money and working for people who treat me well
and being on more civilized hours and everything is just so much better.
And all I think of every time I think of you being at the Sun Sentinel is how nice it must be to be at a newspaper that has readers.
I mean, the news was a joke.
I wasn't a bad paper.
But it was...
Nobody read it.
We couldn't get people to read the paper.
The news was a good newspaper.
At one time, I think Newsweek Magazine called it the best second best newspaper in America.
It was a good...
Yeah.
And you know, I missed it yesterday.
I had to hold it hard to get in a lot of places.
Like in Broward, I had to go out of my way to find out...
Well, they made no effort to sell it in Broward or minimum effort to sell it in Broward.
All right, let's let Henry stick his two cents in here.
Henry Barrow standing by with the WIOD News Update.
It's 1034 and we'll come right back with Tom Jicca.
A big stab.
Good be.
Hey, listen now.
This...
No show would be complete without a little bit of this without the audience to feel detached from reality.
1038 and WIOD.
Tom Jicca is here, the radio and TV editor for the four-lettered else unsentinel.
And let's get into this.
Am I as well?
No, let's not.
Let's hold off on one second before we talk about that.
I want to ask you about...
You know, I know you love cable companies just like I do.
Yeah.
In fact, if you move to Broward and hopefully you will have your satellite,
they should be able to bring it with you.
That's one of those conditions.
If you have to get continental cable...
No, I won't move.
You'll blow your brains out.
You'll move back to Kendall because it's a nightmare.
You know, not only are they not going to give us GN, which we never had on there,
and now that the store is taken away from everybody else,
but the thing that is six, for example,
some days is like a shadow.
The picture is so bad.
Yeah.
12 is good, but it's not what four was.
In other words, it's not the kind of picture I would expect on a cable company
for a major network affiliate.
You know, you had the best idea here the other day.
I heard you went, why don't you put six on a satellite?
You know, I talked to the guy, I talked to the new vice president yesterday on Channel 60,
and that's one of the things they're considering.
What makes you a little bit of interest in the world?
You know it's well-as-sided because you got a satellite dish,
the tea, what is the tea, or whatever one?
Yeah, they get five satellites in the road.
Things up on there, transponders that they can use, a lot of them are empty.
Yeah, for what you do.
Let them just put Channel 6 up on there, so it'll cost them some money,
but they got this big for a song anyway.
They got it for almost nothing.
So, and at that point, all the cable companies pick it right up,
just like they pick everything else up off the satellite,
and you get it clear as a bell no matter where you are.
They're going to have to do that.
It makes sense.
Because I'm going to tell you on Sunday, when the changeover came,
on Sunday, 6 was so bad and brow,
or at least uncut and it was like an out of town station,
it was like, watch, try to watch Toledo on a skip or something,
it was crazy.
Now, what you said made a lot of sense.
And not only, you know, with the cable you talk about WGN,
what about Splutch Channel where they won't give back to people?
This thing that the cable companies are doing to people is such a rip-off,
and you've been bitching about it for years.
And I told these people out there, I said,
the store is going to nail you, man, because he was the first one to tell me
that GN is going off.
They're going to wind up with TNT, which is an abortion.
It's a worse bunch of old crap.
That's right.
And, well, it is now, but this goes back a few weeks,
and the people just sat back and, oh, well, I guess this is it.
You know, not enough people protested.
How the hell can they do that?
Well, Salvation is my store on there for years.
The Salvation down the road just a bit.
Maybe a lot sooner than people think.
If the years of being kept out of the business,
the telephone company is talking about getting the cable television.
That cable industry is greatest fear.
That's always been the boogie man in their closet,
because the telephone company, obviously,
the telephone has every house in America why it is just about.
And now there's a movement in Congress,
because Congress is tied to the business cable.
The business cable has been given to people,
and they're about ready.
It seems to reconsider whether the telephone company can provide cable services.
And when that happens, with the technology of the Betmau,
you'll be able to get 60, 70, 80, you know.
The digit system limited what the telephone company could do.
And they're already into your homes.
And that's the thing that the cable company's been doing.
When once their monopoly goes, they're out of business.
If they didn't have monopoly situations in every neighborhood,
cable would probably cost half to a third of what it costs now.
And they would give you the programs that you wanted,
because then they'd have to market it rather than the program.
Like, all these shop at home stations.
The reason they're honest, because they're getting a piece of the action there.
That's the same reason Sunshine Cable is honest that it's bought the channel,
because they got a piece of the action.
And the same reason they're trying to get everything out.
The religious channels, they're getting a piece of the action,
they're getting paid very well to do it.
Cable's collecting three ways.
They collect from you.
They collect from the program.
And they collect from advertising.
It's one of the...
It's just...
It's like going to the track and getting, you know,
having them take out a percentage for taxes before you go...
Before you even collect, and then if you cash over 600 and two bucks,
then they tax you again a second time, you know.
Yeah, and then even in New York and O.T.B.
where they hit you a third time, then with a five percent surcharge.
Well, it's in this morning's herald that when store put G in on many years ago,
they raised its rates 50 cents to put a little surcharge on the bill.
Yeah, and now that G in is gone, do you think that 50 cents surcharge is going to go away?
Of course, they've probably had another 50 cents for the trouble of taking it off.
You see, what happened was Congress deregulated the cable industry,
and that just let them charge what they want.
You know, all these local ordinances that you can't charge this much,
and you have to make basic...
You know, a lot of communities said you have to keep basic services cheap,
so that older people on fixed incomes could be able to get it.
And they made all these promises.
You know, the same as they made all these promises.
Oh, yeah.
Local access.
And, you know, we're going to build studios for the community,
the community use it as a soapbox.
And as soon as they get in, they just said, you know, screw you.
And that's what they've done.
And now, though, that's why Congress is ready to reopen the whole thing.
And if they let the telephone company in, all the rules change.
And in Sunday, when the changeover took place, you know, I got up,
I don't know, 9.30, whatever, and I'm turned on the TV.
And I say, within 10 minutes after I turned it on, the cable went out.
This is the day that everybody's having this traumatic experience,
or at least people that are that into it, you know, I'm not.
But people whose lives, I guess, are good.
Just geared to that, too.
And the cable goes out.
It's sunny shining.
There's not, you know, there were not even any pigeons out there.
So I get somebody on and, and, uh, but luckily,
see, I got rabbit ears in a closet.
I've always said, if you got the cable, you got to have a good set of rabbit ears
because if you don't, you're, you get nothing.
Yeah.
You got a blank, you know, you got snow.
And I stuck the rabbit ears on there, and where I am,
a 4, 7, and 10 coming just as good with the rabbit ears is they do on a cable.
If not better.
Yeah, and I had no problem, but here, and it was out for hours.
I don't know about those other four suckers in plantation.
And of course they gave you a refund on the job.
Of course, you know, they never give you a dime back on all of that outage.
There's another, there's another thing that they get away with.
They charge you for 30 days service.
And if they, if they miss one, two days, they don't get a refund.
What other company would be allowed to get away with that?
All right.
Now let's take some time with this other business because, and to me, it's ponderous.
Okay, it's really ponderous.
But, um, no, well, that's part of the being ponderous.
But people are reacting to this whole thing in such a juvenile way.
Like, where am I going to find this program?
Don't most people nowadays, like have, even if they don't have remote control,
they still have a thing on a TV where they switch around on the channels, right?
Yeah, really easy.
Not too complicated.
In fact, most people have remote control sets.
Now you just flip around until you find a show that you want.
And it's not that hard.
I mean, there already a limited number of channels.
And there's a very narrow part of the whole band there where the network channels are,
where you expect to find whatever you're looking for.
But people are just going nuts.
And I think they've been conditioned to it by all the hoopla by the local TV station.
Well, yes, no.
They've created this.
I felt it.
I thought it went fairly smoothly.
You know, I worked Sunday at the Sunset.
And we didn't get a lot of calls.
And I think one of the reasons is that people now, because of cable,
have become accustomed to finding channel seven on channel 18 and channel four on channel 29.
It sounds like that guy in that spot.
The guy with a leather jacket.
Four is on six.
Seven is on nine.
Well, you know what?
I mean, the guy with a leather jacket.
Yeah, yeah.
There are a lot of cable systems that don't carry the stations on the same number that they're on.
So people have become somewhat accustomed to just looking around.
And cable systems are constantly changing the cable services.
One week, TBS will be on 17 and next week it's on 19.
The following week it's on 21.
So because of all that, I think people have just gotten accustomed where, say, 20 years ago,
where the same station was in the same place for all time.
You know, it was kind of, you know, you grew up and you learned to be party trained.
And then you learn where the stations were in the dial and when you died, they were still there.
Well, that's not the case anymore.
I think that's helped smooth the transition.
All right.
Now, can we explain?
It's not that complicated.
Why all of this happened?
I mean, you know, there were a couple of stations that were sold.
And then, Broward and Palm Beach had to have CBS service, which is why 12 change.
It's not that complicated.
No, it really isn't.
And what happened was two years ago, NBC came in and bought Channel 4 in Miami, WTVJ.
At the time that carried CBS programming, obviously NBC wanted to put their own programs on their own station.
They couldn't do it for two years because Channel 7 had a contract for NBC programming.
So in the meantime, CBS had to find a place to go with its programming because obviously NBC was going to take over Channel 4.
CBS first went to Channel 7.
They wanted to buy the station.
And the owner of the station said to him, no, we're not going to sell you the station.
So they pulled them out green.
They shot them through the eyeballs.
They went and they bought Channel 6.
They stripped them.
You know, they stripped them.
Why don't you think they want to?
They want to.
They want to.
They want to.
They want to.
Yeah.
And so, so they went and they bought Channel 6.
Now, the problem with Channel 6 is that it has a very weak signal.
And a lot of Broward County are almost all of Broward County.
It has a weak signal if you're not on cable.
And in parts of day accounting.
So then, so that the people in Broward could get CBS programming,
they had to go up to Broward to Palm Beach and cut a deal with Channel 12,
which had been an ABC affiliate because Channel 12 has a fairly good signal
into parts of Broward.
So they made, they went to them.
They gave them some money and other inducements to switch from ABC to CBS.
So when that happened, then ABC had to go looking for a place.
They found this new station, Channel 25.
Which is not on the cable, by the way.
In lights of Broward.
So I found out answering the phone is a thing, but it is not.
And, but I think under the circumstances probably will be now.
But I think 10 is fairly strong into Broward County.
That's never failing to signal.
So that's not the calamity that it could be.
So it was all this ripple effect that all started when NBC bought a CBS station.
So everybody had to switch around.
Fortunately, they all agreed on the same starting day last Sunday.
The way things are done in television, you could add a chaotic situation
where one went one day and three months later, another one went.
But at least they handled it.
No one has lost anything.
They might have lost picture quality, which probably be corrected over time.
They'll show people how to get a better picture.
If you use the same analogy of what happened with the Miami News,
what would have happened was they would have bought Channel 4
and then convinced the other two stations to go out of business
and will all share in my profits.
Which is what the news did.
And then there would have been one station in town.
And you would have had to deal with them.
And they all would have got rich in fact.
The other two stations would have had to do nothing except just sharing the profits.
They think that gets me.
I don't want to keep harping on a cable.
All the content that already bugs me, which is why I'm going to one of the reasons
I'm putting that satellite dish back up and do it right this time.
But they give you such inconsistent pictures.
And they've got all of these different, that's one of the things.
And they got all these different availability.
Now stores only got what, 38, 43, 43, we got 61 or 60 slots.
Uncontinental cable.
61 slots.
And we don't have WGN and never have.
Don't have the sports channel and possibly.
What are they filling it with?
What they fill with.
We've got about a half a dozen shop at home channels.
And like you say, it's great for them because they get a piece of the action.
We've got two country and western stations.
Not just Nashville, we've also got this country video station, which nobody watches.
We've got two religious channels.
You know, we've got just loaded with crap.
Well, what is that?
It's loaded with crap.
And then they won't give people the one station that just a tremendous number of people,
sports channel, what?
Because it has the heat.
It has the heat.
It's got hockey games.
So what do we think?
Is that tell you that there's a deal being done in the background?
This is America.
Those kind of things aren't supposed to happen.
Here they are.
They create same as in the newspaper.
They created them in Opily.
And now they're using it to screw the pop.
Well, wouldn't it be, isn't it possible that they could make available a whole series of things
just like they do with the premium channels.
And you could pay.
In other words, if they claim that it's going to cost them extra to give you GN or a sports channel.
Can't they just make that a scramble channel?
And if you want to pay that extra 50 cents a month or whatever it is?
Well, yeah.
But they won't give you a sports channel because they'd like to put sports channel out of business
because they own a piece of the action.
A lot of cable companies own a piece of the action of the sunshine.
That's what you're real in such a relationship.
Oh, it's scandalous.
And yet they're getting away with it.
That's why Congress is beginning to look back into the cable industry,
which is totally deregulated.
Now they're ready to go back in.
And if they let the phone company in,
it'll be the greatest thing that ever happened to America.
Okay.
It's America.
It's 10.00 to 10.00.
I'm going to tell them.
10.00 to 11.00 at WYOD.
Tom Jik is our guest to 1 o'clock.
And we'll come back right after this.
Our new stock radio 610, WIOD.
But anyway, 10.55 at WYOD.
Tom Jik is here.
Now let me give these numbers out because when we come back after the 11 o'clock news,
you'll have a couple of hours.
And those of you who are confused or have questions,
and I'm sure that most of our, I could be wrong.
But I have a feeling that most of it's going to be about these channel changes.
I bet you would get more calls complaining about.
Yeah.
This incredible.
I don't know what they're thinking about.
I am.
What's the guy's name?
The new GM over there.
Dick Lobo.
He called me before I went on the year one morning.
And we had, you know, it was funny.
We had a very nice, very nice guy.
He likes the show.
And he said that we appreciate all the free plugs you've been giving us.
And it's funny, etc.
And that's great.
I said, be sure to say hi to all my good friends over there.
Because I like most of the people over there.
We have a super group of folks at 4.
But I feel bad for them because I know that most of the public is so revolted by this campaign.
Like you say, by the repetition.
And just beating it into the ground and just purposely turning you off to it.
You know, I couldn't think of it.
But it wasn't there a commercial campaign a few years ago that did that.
It kind of like, you know, I can't believe I ate the whole thing.
Where the purpose was, you know, in the process of annoying you,
they also drummed the message in that there was that immediate product.
No way.
But this don't work.
Well, everybody knows Channel 4.
It's always NBC.
But also, like I said, some of us in the Broward are watching 5 just like out of protest.
Because I just can't handle it.
I ran into, I ran into a lot of the other night at the Orange Bowl.
And, you know, I was kiddin' that I was-
Was he whistling?
No, I was, yeah, I said, Dick, when are you going to give us a break and everything?
He says, well, he says, you know, you say that.
But I was at the parade last night.
And he said, all our people coming down.
He says, and we're off float, come down.
People are going to do it.
You know, be happy.
Oh, come on.
He says, you know, he says, everybody knows who we are.
New Year's Eve party at the Freedom Tower.
Outside of Calypso Bay and played the station's theme, don't worry, be happy.
Yeah, and yesterday they had a weird Scott with a bunch of kids, some children's choir singing, don't worry, be happy.
Well, it's got to go anyway if it's $3.
That is correct.
Absolutely.
Okay, here are those numbers now.
And they're filling up already in Dade County.
751.
Right?
Am I right?
Try to control yourself.
751, WIOD in Dade.
751, 9463, Broward, 524, WIOD.
And we might even get some calls from Palm Beach, which would mean...
No, we should, because he's with a Pome Beach.
Well, yeah, we're competing after we win.
We want to be in Pome Beach.
I hope you guys will be in the county-oriented and give the hero a run for their money.
I would like to see that happen too, but I think they're doing very well where they are.
And I think they really want to establish a beachhead there.
And I think the battleground now, the main battleground is in Palm Beach.
So if there's anyone up there...
Yeah, but maybe in the radio TV listings, maybe a few more Dade and Broward dimensions, you know.
They're obsessed with Palm Beach County radio under the same thing.
Obsessed.
In fact, that one I showed you that had that unfortunate John Broward listing.
All of the stations except TMI were in Palm Beach.
Stations that you can't even pick up under their tower.
Palm TV are.
When I go up there.
One of the things I found just in two days is that they're really amenable to suggestions.
Like they've asked me, what do you think we could do with this?
And how could we help that?
I'm really so happy to be there.
It's like dying and going to heaven for you.
That's not how I'd go on about your deer.
Yeah, to come out of the tragic situation I was in and to go somewhere where people just welcome you with open arms and make you feel,
what can we do to make you happy?
It's terrific.
But I'll work out well because you needed them and they needed you.
Yes, really a thirst.
So I worked out.
Okay, and at Palm Beach number, and this is the only line that's not lit, I think, is...
Why are you laughing?
Why are you laughing?
I think Palm, you'll get used to the Palm Beach last terrific.
655.
Oh, you've got to be joking me.
What the hell is that?
WIOD.
Oh, come on.
Have you noticed this has never stopped?
You keep bringing his mail in constantly through the entire show.
For the last hour, he's been bringing more in.
True.
And anyway, that Palm Beach number is 655WIOD, 6559463.
Our guest is Tom Jicke, the TV and radio editor, the Sun Sentinel in Fort Lauderdale, formally, of course, with the now defunct dead Miami news.
Now you worked real harsh on the news.
I thought you were very kind to him.
Wow, yeah.
There's two news is, there's the people who were there who were all victimized, even Howard, who was a victim.
Yeah, but I can't believe that after used to be a my show, you'd go back.
And I see there they...
Oh, yeah.
They have this image of being so progressive and liberal, and to their credit, I'll never forget.
They never stopped me from coming.
Very grateful to them.
They wrote that great editorial in my behalf, remember years ago, when the Catholic Church is going to get me off the air.
And I appreciate that.
I don't want to let...
You know, any of those people think I forgot it.
And it's tabally as they treated us at the end, while the paper was open, I mean, we were very well paid.
The most liberal vacation policies I've seen.
They did things that people would be...
It would be out of work.
There was one woman there who was dying of cancer.
They knew what she hadn't been there very long, like six months before she was diagnosed.
They paid her for like a year and a half.
No, like we said, they're wonderful.
Yeah, huh, huh, huh, huh.
Henry Barrow standing by with the 11 o'clock WIO D News, and we'll come back with your calls in Tom Jicke at 1105.
Our News Talk Radio 610 WIO D.
1105 at WIO D.
Now, what I like about these callers is that we had them all lit up before the break, before the news.
And like three of them disappeared already.
But, you know, they got full rich lives in this town.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward 524 WIO D.
And one in Bokka 278 WIO D.
Our guest is Tom Jicke, the TV radio editor for the For Lauderdale Sun Senna.
I keep wanting to say no.
No, I'm not saying that.
No, I'm not saying that.
So I can say the news without making a mistake.
I am wanting to say that.
Anything I write that P.S. in both editions.
What is that For Lauderdale News?
I don't want to get you in trouble already.
But that's a bizarre paper.
The news is...
It's a afternoon deal.
Oh, I know that.
But I mean, it's like the Sun Senna with the different front pages, isn't it?
Yeah, it was like the news and updates.
And I don't want to go really quite and a little bit because I've only been there two days.
Right.
I still feel anything right.
I don't want to get in trouble.
I just need to get in trouble.
Yeah, I don't want to get in any trouble.
Now, my understanding is that that's like the afternoon part of the...
They published the Sun Senna in the morning and the news in the afternoon.
But I think most of the columns and things are in both.
Okay, let's get going here.
Miami, hello.
Tom.
Yes.
What was the story with Archdeak and is that guy in Hallucina, Jim's or what?
What do you mean?
Arch, he's one of the nicest guys you've ever meet.
He promised a story to a friend of mine at the Notre Dame game like months ago and never did.
What do you mean he promised a story to him?
Well, they talked about something and he never came through.
He promised he kept calling and saying, you know, we'll do the story.
You know, the paper's going to go on after the 31st and never did.
Well, a lot of people thought that was going to happen and maybe Arch was one of them.
Arch is a very sincere guy and one of the things that he did was he would write columns about people
that other people would just ignore.
Dear Field, hello.
Yeah, hello.
Yeah.
I've got a lot of people coming in out of here.
I can't talk.
Can I just give you my question?
You guys can tell me whether I'm a ten head or this is outrageous.
Leadership Cable Vision Del Rey.
I can barely hear you.
I'm sorry.
Leadership Cable Vision Del Rey.
I no longer get four, six or seven.
Can I just hang up and let you guys tell me if I'm a ten head or whether that's outrageous?
Well, I don't know why you wouldn't get four, six or seven.
What I would do is call one of my neighbors and see if they're not getting it.
How could you not get four, six or seven in Del Rey?
No, well, let's see.
You could get, I suppose you could get 12.
Well, you could get ABC on 25 and you could get NBC on 5.
So I guess it's possible.
It's possible.
I wouldn't think it's the first I've heard of this.
I wouldn't say there are so many cables.
That's another thing I've learned just a few days.
I've been for a lot of days that there's certainly a lot more cable systems up there in that area than there are in date with only really about five or six.
Look at these phones, boy.
This is incredible.
I guess everybody who's born out on that or has got all the answers on it.
Two lines open and a date, seven, five, one, nine, four, six, three.
Evidently, I don't know what it is.
And then open line and brown word, five, two, four, WIOD.
Don't worry about it, Tom.
Don't get it complex.
Well, I'm not.
More water than yellow.
Yeah, Neil.
I don't know if it was just me, but I started watching, I've been up in Orlando for the weekend.
I just started watching last night, the Arsenio Hall show.
It seems like every commercial on Channel 7 was public service.
Don't they have any sponsors?
Do they all leave them?
I mean, it was all on.
You stolen my thunder.
I took notes on that show last night and that's one of the things I wrote down.
They did that.
All they had were PSAs and those eight, what do they call those by response only?
Yeah, Purin Quarry.
Purin Quarry, yeah.
The 800 fucks, wait.
And it isn't at that time of year?
Isn't it that time of year right after Christmas?
Isn't this happened every year?
Well, yeah, but it was a new program.
You would think they'd be able to get at least one ad.
I mean, not one ad, not one ad.
Everything with the PS.
Now, like I say, you know the...
You might have a future as a TV writer because I noticed the same thing
and that was one of the things I'm going to write about when I write about the show.
And of course, we all wanted to get that Nina Muscurri album.
Yeah, that was my favorite thing.
Nina Muscurri's a great singer and here she is singing Country West.
Yeah, I love me, Candid.
Relive Royal Romance is the something I'm like, who is Nina Muscurri?
I mean, that's what...
When you've got advertising, you know, 800 numbers for a best hits of Nina Muscurri album,
you're not the only one who does that.
And that's what the only ad.
No, there was another bet.
There was another best hits one.
I wrote it down.
I think I know what it was.
It was one of those 800 numbers where you called in, you know,
maybe something you wax your car with or something.
Yeah, what it was.
But you know, you were talking about Ford doing all their promos.
I swear to God, I got so sick of the promo for the news on Channel 7.
Every other commercial was their promo for...
Well, we're going to keep our commitment to news just because we're losing NBC.
We're not going to be...
Not in the same league with the first one.
Yeah, and they didn't have the annoying jingle and everything else.
Is that what basically their whole gig is now?
Channel 7 is going to be the news station?
Well, it is for the time being and there are a few reasons for that.
One is somewhat noble that they'd like to do that.
And I think eventually...
For the future team.
Yeah, eventually establish themselves as some sort of a cable news supplier or something.
And the other for maybe for the state of Florida or something.
The other is that they just really didn't have time to buy programming.
Look at the programs they have around the news.
You know what they say? They didn't have time.
I mean, this is not something that they're...
No, no, they didn't realize they were not going to be CBS until this fall.
I mean, the owner of the station was very sincere.
He told his people, don't worry, we'll be the CBS affiliate.
He told his people, don't worry, be happy.
We'll be the CBS affiliate.
And he really believed that.
And he was taken by surprise when this sale was finally announced.
I guess it was in August.
And they just really didn't have time.
They didn't buy the programming.
They should have been out making contingency plans and they weren't.
That's why you're getting things like the streets of San Francisco.
I think within the next year, there's just no way it would defy all television tradition
for a station to be able to pay for the kind of news operation they're doing on an independent station.
Especially in a market where the other station, you have aggressive news outlets.
It isn't like they're just going to outflank everyone else and have the best news in town.
They had problems positioning their news when they had NBC's leading.
And without NBC's leading, you're going to have to wonder how they're going to do it.
It's great that they're trying to do it, but it'll be amazing if they can make it work.
We got a mobile in Broward. Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yeah, I hate the jingle.
And now I'm going out and I'm going to buy a satellite dish.
So I don't have to hear the jingle anymore.
Good.
Making sure you can put it up in your neighborhood.
Like I said, one of the things that's going to be a priority when I start looking for a home in Broward
is that it's a neighborhood where I can put my dish up.
Well, they already, and in Palm Pano, it's already half way up to have a building permit and everything.
And they wanted us to put it up in the middle of our deck out back.
Well, you can have a lot of problems with those things if you don't check first.
Yeah, but once it's in, what are they going to do?
Well, they can take it down.
Oh, don't say that.
Don't go ahead and put it in without the permit.
Trust me, because I already went through that.
Yeah.
And the people that installed it assured me, oh, there's no problem.
And we'll take care of everything.
And there'll be no problem at all.
And within one day, I had a notice from the city of plantation.
And I have taken it down and I'm going to get somebody else to do it right and go through all of it.
You know, get the permit and put it up where it belongs.
But believe me, don't go through the expense of buying a dish and putting it in without the permit,
because they'll make you take it down in no time.
Yeah, that's right.
This is another example of people not minding their own business.
Well, well, more than pop it up.
There are a lot of places.
Well, anyway, I hate the jingles.
I'm watching Channel 5, the Hack with Channel 4.
And have a nice day and hello, Neil.
Hello, goodbye.
Goodbye.
5, 1113 at WIOD, an open line in Broward, 524-9463, North Miami Beach, Hello.
Okay, good call.
Oh, you know that voice just re-
You know who I got a letter from the other day?
The people of K.
We shouldn't feel like that.
We got a letter from him.
He's in the Israeli army and he wants to know what's going on.
He's in Israeli intelligency.
You might want to get some money down here.
Yeah, one of the things he said in letter was be sure don't mention this on a year.
But you just didn't.
No, I just couldn't mention what he was, you know, his unit and things like that.
But the fact that he's in the army and that he's there and he's in the upper picture.
Yeah.
Of them marching through the desert.
Something like that.
Something great like that.
Well, I showed a picture of crank calls to the Israeli army to the PLO.
Del Rey, hello.
Yes, good morning.
That guy that called from Del Rey Beach is right.
They did take off 46 and 7.
And they gave us instead two great channels, the nostalgia channel and the discovery channel.
Wow.
Yeah.
Well, I'd be on the phone and I'd have the neighbors on the phone.
My husband, the day he found out, absolutely.
I've never seen him so incensed once through the roof.
And called the, I guess it was the general manager of leadership who wouldn't budge and said we could get the news on five.
But the Palm Beach stations for news don't really cover Palm Beach.
And we like to have a variety and we were also informed as of the middle of the year.
We're going to have to have a box to get HBO, which is, which we don't have now.
We get it because our TV is cable ready.
But we're going to have to get the good old box back, which they've assured us is improved and pay for a box in order to get HBO.
Oh, there's no limit to the way that they just really give it to people.
And that's why you have to, you have to really root hard that it's going to come home to rust when the phone company gets involved in cable.
Well, that's encouraging.
I heard you talk about that earlier.
Oh, I'll tell you why.
This is going to be one of the key legislative battles probably of this session of Congress.
And the cable company is willing to spend every penny they have to keep them out of it.
So, you know, if you ever have a contact with your congressman or your senator or you want to contact your congressman and senator,
you might remind him that you'd like to see this happen because of the bad, the bad, shoddy treatment you've gotten from your cable company.
Well, it's pathetic.
I do also want to make a comment about the Sun Sentinel as far as Palm Beach coverage goes.
I love it because as far as the Palm Beach Post is concerned, I support they are the worst at covering their own home.
And the one that I read because we're in a business that's related to Palm Beach County, I always take, I subscribe to the Sentinel and I always read the Sentinel.
So, I know Neil doesn't like it.
I love his show, by the way, but I'm thrilled because it's a terrific paper and I'm glad you're there.
Well, I'm glad to be there.
That's a lot.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
Well, I will say this, they've got a better sports section.
Oh, they've got a terrific part.
They've got a terrific part.
They've got a far.
There are other things that I have problems with, but we'll say those for another day.
1115 at WIOD and opening in Boka, 278 WIOD and another mobile in date.
Hello.
Hi, it's Sonny.
Hey, Sonny, how you doing?
Hi.
Fine, I can't talk about that as a subject, but I call it as a dish owner.
And by the way, thank you, Tom, for that accurate description earlier or guess of yours.
About dishes real quickly, I sympathize with Neil.
Everybody, a very good advice.
Never, a lot of times, you believe him by dishes at the flea market.
Never have them come out with their contracted laborers and put it up and everything's fine and leave.
You're absolutely right.
But I want to say you mentioned in session, the relationships between cable companies and the religious and shopping channels.
The same thing applies.
Don't forget.
One of the reasons I had such a difficult time putting my dish in, I had it planted, you know, 600 pounds, it's from hand every time.
Three different places, not having to subscribe to zoning ordinances.
One of the reasons he has such a tough time and I finally beat him.
I actually had to redesign my screen enclosure to accommodate the dish around the pool.
Was the fact that the city, remember, also gets a piece of that cable franchise.
Well, that's true.
And they don't owe you a huge amount.
You're putting up dishes and putting them out of business.
Absolutely.
I hadn't really thought of it.
You're right.
I don't think it's a great truth.
Yeah.
All right.
By the way, Sonny, did you see the piece I had in today?
Yeah, pretty sketchy.
Well, but neither of the parties are talking to you.
It's pretty tough to get anything more than that.
Well, like I said, your guest or whatever you want to call it, this morning was right on.
Listen, Sonny, I'll be in the office later.
Give me a call because I have no way of contacting you when I need a contact.
And if you could just help me out on that later today.
Absolutely.
By the way, the assaults coming to the town is legal.
Great.
All right.
Okay.
That's a luck, Sonny.
Okay.
1117 and WIOD.
We have an open line today.
751-9463.
And we'll come back with Tom Jik in your calls in a second.
Right now, I want to tell you about a sensation.
Twenty after 11 at WIOD.
Tom Jik is here.
And we're answering your questions about radio and TV and cable.
An incestuous relationship.
Sonny Fox.
Tamarack.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
Hey, Bird.
Yeah.
How you doing, buddy?
Hey.
Hey, I got a question about this cable.
I got some continental cable, and it stinks, first of all.
Amen.
That's for sure.
And I got a problem with my picture coming in from there.
I got to run everything through my VCR, or I want to get a decent picture.
So I'm getting fed up with it.
And I called up cable yesterday to try and get something to come out to fix my cable.
I get the lady on the phone after waiting about 10 minutes on the hold there.
And they set me up for an appointment between the hours of 8 AM and 9 PM.
I have to wait 13 hours around my house for somebody to show up to fix my cable.
And if 5 to 9 you'll get a call saying, we couldn't make it today.
We'll be there tomorrow, same time.
Exactly, exactly.
And I get such an attitude over there.
I question, is that the best that you can do?
And they say, I'm sorry, sir.
That is the best that we can do.
And they get a big attitude.
And they got a monopoly over there.
And they know it.
And they just, like you said, they're screwing the public every chance they get.
You bet. They're all the same.
And I'm going to, I've talked to managers that I was over in Tampa.
When I lived over there, I talked to cable people.
They got an attitude over there.
And I'm just so fed up with it.
If I hadn't had a choice, I'd do something different.
But I don't have a choice.
And I like sports.
And I have no other choice to watch anything.
The regular TV is not that much better.
So I got what they count on.
Yeah.
OK, good luck.
I feel like I got my tape.
It's fantastic.
And keep up the good work.
Thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
Number three, I think.
What is going to happen now?
For the last three, four years, I keep reading every once in a while.
Actually, then they'll come across an article about these small satellite dishes.
Very, very small.
Yeah, they're going to be easy to sell them along the roof.
And they only get a couple of lean expensive.
They will.
Yes, direct broke-ass satellite.
They only get a couple of channels.
Yeah, because obviously in the size, I mean, if you could get all the channels on something that small,
you wouldn't have dishes in people's yards now.
You could almost aim it.
But that would only pick up like three or four service.
That would be useful for like, if you just wanted to get, say, HBO, CNN, ESPN, and something else.
And so they would mock it and they would direct beam it to you.
But they've never figured out a way to do that economically and to make it attractive enough.
To do it and to make it work, they'd have to give you into millions of homes
and they haven't figured out a way to do that yet.
It's really too bad, because people have never had a satellite or never been in somebody's home or in a bar
or someplace where they have a satellite dish.
You don't understand what you're saying.
Well, that's the key to the whole thing.
And two areas, not only in content of programming and choice, but in the quality of the picture.
Oh, it's fantastic.
I mean, the quality, you've got to understand that your cable company is picking up whatever you've got on your system with a satellite.
Yeah, all you want is your own cable.
And then you're getting its second hand.
They're going through all of their equipment and through all the lines and underground and underwater and all of this other.
And by the time it gets to you, there is a tremendous loss in picture quality.
And what I used to love to do when I had a satellite dish because I still had the cable for basic for local channels, is I put on, oh, I don't know, ESPN, for example.
Yeah.
And I'd watch it direct off the satellite.
And then I would flip to ESPN on a cable and the difference is so dramatic.
Well, I'll say I had dramatic it day and night.
Like I have three sets hooked up in my house.
And the second and third sets you can notice the difference.
Then the one closest to the satellite.
So you just consider the loss after you're going over hundreds of miles and either in the air or underground.
And yeah, that's essentially a satellite owner is nothing more than his own cable company.
And he gets to choose what it is.
He watches. That's what it amounts to.
Now, did Sonny really say you can buy a satellite dish at the flea market?
I heard him say that, but he doesn't accept things.
Well, if you got a big pickup trucker.
Yeah.
Okay. Mobile and Broward.
Hello.
Mobile is gone.
Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Neil, want to call about your good job.
And everything.
Listen to the, I guess you have there.
For the new Sun Sentinel, I don't know if he knows or not.
But years ago, the Sun Sentinel was a paper based in Pompo-no.
Yeah.
And they merged together with the news of Fort Lauderdale.
So that's where the name comes about new Sun Sentinel.
There were two separate papers.
Yeah, the one is published in the afternoon and one is published in the morning as I understand it.
Yeah, I hope I'm not wrong on that.
Yeah.
You're right.
There were two different companies.
That's why they used the two different names for their identity.
Yeah.
Number two, glad you made the switch in San geolo time and in the native of Ohio.
So we have things in common from the Midwest.
I'm from New York.
Are you from New York?
I mean, you couldn't tell.
Oh, now I can tell.
Oh, OK.
But anyway, thanks for the good job.
And, you know, I'm glad to see that the Sun Sentinel is still good with sports.
Up in the Midwest, we're used to good sports papers.
And the rest of the papers, I'm a Miami Hill.
Probably is the world's worst for our sport.
The Wall Street Journal has a better sport.
That's because they gave you scores of games two days ago.
Yeah.
Thanks a lot.
OK, thanks for calling.
And you talk about this in another situation where the monopoly is just going to make things worse.
The hurdle makes no effort at all.
Like the guy says to get late scores in the paper.
I mean, you see games that end at 10.30 and they really raise rate.
Yeah, four races from the dog truck.
They don't care because what the hell they got it all.
Yeah.
And that's what happens in monopolies this year.
It took them 12 years at Pompello and Alan first came here.
Alan Finkelson took 12 years for them to get the entries in.
They used to have it in the street edition, which nobody reads.
Yeah.
But now finally, you'll see the entries.
Nothing else.
You know, my paper, huh?
Not in my paper.
Oh, really?
Well, maybe just certain editions of your route.
Maybe in the crowd, would you get it?
But it's astonishing.
And then, of course, the difference.
All you got to do if you're a racing fan for both the Flats or Harness Racing.
Look at the Sun Sentinel Sports section.
And they've got complete charts on all the Pompello races.
Every race and all of them.
You'll feel like you've got 13 races and a handle and a whole thing.
And a Harold, you're lucky if you get the first 10 races.
Yeah.
Because they feel like it.
Whatever they feel like on any given day.
Oh, probably they got some heavy dates on it.
Well, one of the things that I'm happiest about is that I'm going to be at the Sun Sentinel.
The day that it passes the Harold is the dominant paper in Florida.
And boy, that's going to be out.
I'll buy the champagne.
Well, it's interesting because their circulation is going up.
And the Harold, of course, we all know has been dropping dramatically.
Yeah.
Well, because they're trying to serve an audience that's not interested in them.
And they're not serving the audience that might be interested in them.
Yeah.
Now, I'll be there when we go to the next paper in English.
Maybe somebody right, read it.
Boy, you can be chill.
Yeah, how you doing, Tom?
I've got a quick question.
Because I'm going to run to work.
I'll just listen to the answer on the radio.
What do you think the outcome of the 10-06 attempt to have WKPX,
that high school station on the air, that renewal thing you want to prevent them from coming on?
And over staying on, I guess.
And do you think it'll be successful?
I think probably there'll be some kind of an accommodation where six will make it possible for them to do what they want to do
without interfering with six's signal.
It's a public relations nightmare for CBS.
But you don't know one or the other.
No, I really don't.
I'm not up to speed.
I've only, I've only ventured into Broward County now three days.
And, you know, I'm really catching up on that kind of thing.
That was something I didn't get into that much when I was in-date.
Yeah, because it's that.
And I've had a lot of stuff in there about it before you got there.
So they even covering it really well.
Yeah.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, thank you.
Yeah, that should be a channel six's worst problem with their signal is the WKPX radio.
Well, I just showed that.
I guess what they are.
You know, even, you know, they're picking up.
The U is almost by the home because they've got such big problems.
They're conceding 13% and it's got to be a close to double that.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe they can't get into it.
And I think you'll see when the ratings come out.
First of all, there's no more three station race for news.
It's now between four and ten.
And six will be fighting to hold off seven to third place.
But let me ask you something about seven.
I was saying the other day that I think maybe in the long run they're going to make more money.
Or they got the potential to make more money as an independent that there was a network affiliate.
Well, yeah, because especially as they can sell everything.
And especially as the network share erodes.
Remember, the network share goes down every year.
It's down to about 60% now and that's going to keep happening.
I mean, they got as many evils as they want at this point.
Yeah.
And I think what I understand to be their game plan is to be.
They've even thought about becoming a super station.
And what they got to do then is get a lot of sports.
Now the sports is tied up again because they weren't ready to go in and be what they are now.
But if we got a baseball team and we're talking down the road,
I admit, but if they got a baseball team and at 160 baseball game.
And when the heat contract came up for renewal again, they signed that up.
That would be the makings of the start of a.
If not a national super station, maybe a southeast super station.
Yeah.
Well, I got Sally over there.
So that's a good start.
Yeah.
Okay.
It's 1129 at WIWD.
We have an opening in Palm Beach.
655-9463.
Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
Neil, how are you?
Good.
Good.
First offense question.
I wonder how come it is that I always hear news about the US military blasting airplanes out of the air
followed immediately by a test of the emergency broadcasting system?
Is that coincidence?
Are you doing that on purpose to scare the hell out of me?
Paranoia, sir.
Yeah, probably.
We like creating Paranoia.
Yeah, it's working.
One of the things I enjoy about that emergency broadcast system a couple of years ago, I thought
I'd do a peace on it and I called around to radio station general manager.
They don't have the slightest idea what that all means or what would really happen other than
they put that thing on every now and then because the government tells them to.
But I think I think if there was ever a real warning, they'd be so nervous.
They'd forget to put it on and they'd all be jumping under their desk and running for the
main drum.
Well, do you remember when that did happen?
They sent over the real warning.
That Saturday morning.
I was on the air when it happened years ago, 1971.
Do you remember that?
No, I really don't.
They got the wrong tape and some wild geese.
They sent over and said there has been a nuclear attack and you are to sign off the air.
And many stations across the country did indeed.
In the old days, you used to send it the same time every week Saturday morning.
Sounds like something you'll see on the inside story.
That's nice.
Yeah, probably.
No, I really had seriously had a question about this.
Just a comment, a couple of questions.
I'm a recent refugee from the Washington DC area.
And about, I guess about two years ago, they finally decided that the citizens were up there
were worthy of having cable TV.
And the telephone company was in on the bidding process.
And I thought it very interesting this should come up because it's so true what you say about that.
The monopolies and the cable companies.
Well, the phone company, the only one who can break that monopoly right now,
it's too expensive for anyone to come in and over wire an existing company.
But the phone company is already there.
Well, I do know that the companies that were the cable companies, the classic cable companies,
were freaked out because the telephone could offer service at a naturally low rate.
They artificially lowered their rates, made a bunch of unrealistic performance promises.
And relative to rate of hookup after one year, I believe there were 16 residences in the district of Columbia
that had cable after 12 months.
Well, New York, there are still parts of New York that don't have it.
And Los Angeles has been late and yet, Nitchikagas has been late and yet.
All the big cities because all the politicians had to be taken care of.
Yeah, well, I have two questions I'll let you go.
First, are there any local lobbying organizations that you're aware of
to which cable customers can complain? No.
No, only the cable county commission, the county cable commissioner and their powerless.
I've never known them to do anything worthwhile.
The money talks and...
Well, I don't think that's the situation.
I just think that the ham strung by lack of their own funds and by legislation
that pretty much gives the cable companies caught, Blanche.
Okay, last question I'll let you go.
How do you properly handle requests for refund for what I'll call service interruptus?
You want to know? Yeah.
The same thing you do in the event of nuclear attack.
Yeah, exactly.
They go ahead between the legs and get it right.
You got it.
Okay, it's 11.32 at WIOD.
Tom Jikas here, we have an open line in Palm Beach.
655, 9.463 and one in Daytona, 751 WIOD.
And I want to tell you about Nutris Neal Rogers,
our new start radio 610 WIOD.
11.36 at WIOD.
Our guest to one is Tom Jikka, the TV and radio writer for
the four-letter news and Sun Sentinel.
And we'll go to Miami next.
Hello.
Morning.
How are you doing today? Great.
I got a couple comments.
About two months ago in the herald there was an article that asked people
to write to their local cable companies to request a sports channel.
Which I did.
I don't think I'll do any good, but I have stored in Kettinill.
They're not.
Absolutely. We'll do no good.
And it's out right now, by the way.
And probably this inclement weather, you know.
Yeah, probably.
Another comment I had is,
Channel 6, I think, has always had Bush League news.
And now that they become a CBS affiliate,
it really looks Bush League.
Well, Dave had what you would call Bush League because they just
haven't had the facilities, the money, the equipment, the manpower.
You'll see that change gradually.
I'm not going to say how good it's going to be because you don't know who they're going to bring in yet.
But they'll upgrade their staff by 456 times.
And you'll see a change.
Do you think there's any chance that Channel 7 can keep the type of news that they have with?
I can't see how it can happen.
I just can't see it.
News is very expensive to do.
And where are they going to get the advertising support for it when the numbers are going to be poor?
Because, like I say, if there was a lot of bad news operations in town, that would be the case.
But 7 had a 10s full with 4 and 10 under the best of circumstances.
Now it's going to have to deal with 4 and 10 under the worst of circumstances.
And it vastly improved Channel 6.
And I hate the promo from Channel 4 and I don't want you anymore.
Yeah, it's just because it would be really something if we have anybody calling who says they like it.
You know, that'll be a miracle.
I like the song, but the promo is kind of...
I would draw the line at this Sunday.
After this Sunday, it'll have been an entire week.
Everyone will have found every one of their programs and...
Want to make any fan?
Yeah.
Oh, now it'll keep going.
Oh, you've been.
But if they do it past this Sunday, anything near the repetition they're doing it now, I would be ready to take some drastic action too.
Okay.
Okay, thanks for calling.
1138 at WIOD.
Boca, hello.
Tom, I wanted to comment on your cable question.
I spent many years in engineering and management in the cable industry and I agree wholeheartedly they're arrogant and could use the competition.
But I'm afraid the telephone company really isn't in that great of a position to be a competition because even though it's true as you say that they have every house wired for telephone service,
the technology just doesn't exist today to use that for broadband cable service.
How long do you figure with their resources it would take, Ma, Bell, to be able to do that?
Well, quite a while actually after I got out of that, I bailed out of the cable industry in the late 70s because I couldn't take it anymore.
I couldn't take the abuse.
But since that time I worked in the telecommunications industry and the technology is approaching, but it's going to be another 10 years.
I think it would happen a lot quicker than that if they got to go ahead from the government and the hysterical way that the cable industry has reacted to just the specter of the phone company getting into it suggests that it's not that far off either.
Well, they're in there to be that word.
Their investment, even if the products were available today is terrifically high to convert the equipment they would have to do.
But the advantage that the telephone companies have is that they are in a much better position to do an over build because they own in a lot of cases the facilities they own the underground.
And the telephone poles.
And the telephone poles.
And that's where they're big advantage.
Now, if they were to go into it today, they would build the same type of cable system.
Well, my understanding is that these new fiber optics that they're using make it possible to just transmit so many signals on the wires that are already plugged into your phone that they could...
Well, it's true that fiber optics has that capability, but you don't have fiber optics coming.
They would have to rewire every home in America with fiber optics.
Yeah.
And also the equipment that they have in their offices which runs into a company I was working for replaced central office equipment for a very small exchange here in Bokka that ran like 2.5 million.
And that was even... that's one generation away from video.
Yeah.
And that's just for a long time.
Well, yeah, but my bell does have the resources to do it more than anyone else.
I agree, but you'll find in some of the big cities in Houston they've done overbills and now have two cable companies.
That's not going to happen here in day.
Oh!
On day, Brad, it's just terribly unlikely and it would take years.
Yeah. Well, anyway, it would take years for the phone company though, too.
I think...
Okay, appreciate hearing from you. 1141 at WIOD Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
I wanted to ask Tom, what ever happened to John Marlos, if you just...
Is there really too a reading him?
Yeah, John left a paper about a year ago and last I heard was planning to spend a lot of his time in London.
Doing what I don't know, but that was the plan.
As a matter of fact, his US residence is not very far from where I'm sitting right now.
It's about a mile from here, it's right near the side of the church.
I'm trying to.
I try to pass it every day.
I don't know that he's there, that we've had a couple of Marlos spottings in the last year.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think I've seen him in Rift 2 or 1 to 12 years.
Yeah, there's one or two records to us that he goes to all the time in the way he's been seen.
But I understand he's been wanting to spend a lot of time in London.
He dresses rather interestingly.
Yeah, ballet, slippers and machine gun bullets.
It's really a strange get-up.
You ever problem with that?
No, I just admit.
And he makes his own fashion style.
Well, when you work at the news, you know, it gets to the actual world.
I tell you, buddy, it's a funny news story about that.
Mom, Molly used to dress.
That was pretty much his outfit.
We have black ballet, slippers and tight black pants.
And it only invests an open stomach and chest.
And he had this bandolero around him as a belt.
Sure.
And one day, the Cox executives were down for one of their infrequent visits.
And they were in with Dave Kraslow.
And it was time for them to go back to Atlanta.
Kraslow says, well, I'll drop you off the airport because he lives out towards that way.
And he's walking out and who walls is in?
But Molly, is there coming down the hallway with these stuff shirts from Atlanta
and Molly being the guy, he said, hey, Dave, what's happening?
And the Cox executives point, you know, look at them and they look at each other and they say,
hey, Dave, who is that?
And of course, as legend has, Dave spent the entire trip to the airport explaining John Molo
and what he did at the Miami News.
Well, he's a wonderful person.
Oh, he was.
Yeah, fine guy.
I missed him too.
Yeah.
Okay, 17-till noon at WIOD.
We got a mobile in-date.
Hello.
Hello, Neil. How you doing this morning?
Good.
Great show.
Did anybody catch the blueprint of Miami here, old this morning?
No.
On the comics section, they had about a five-inch by 16th contest application.
Oh, you mean the one I mentioned at the top of the show?
Oh, I didn't catch the digit.
Yeah, with contest, that's good.
I already take one of that one, yeah.
Okay, great show.
Thank you.
Yeah, we don't want to rip the hero because time will go back and-
No, I don't think so.
No, I'm just kidding.
It's not going to happen.
I'm going to do finally on a newspaper that's going to pass the Miami hero
and it's going to be the greatest day of my life.
One of the greatest days of my life.
I was out of cold or one day.
This is not this past summer, but maybe it was, or the previous summer.
And it was not, it had to be the previous one because it was after we had done that thing about cancel the hero, you know.
Oh, yeah.
And I met somebody who worked over there and I can't say who it was,
but he said that the number was 23,000 cancellations that they had as a draw.
Oh, yeah.
Around the building, they just denied it.
You know, I tried to find out.
No, no, no, no, you're not the handful and we'll get them all back by the end of the week.
But I heard the same.
Which is why people were getting personal letters from Dick Cape and please reconsider.
And we love you.
Have you, you know, we at the hair love you and yeah, I had a beard.
I had one night in the circulation department too,
who said that they would be side themselves.
I hadn't heard the number was that high.
23,000.
Yeah, I had heard it was way up there though.
Excellent.
In fact, it's not too late to cancel the hero first.
I still want to.
Okay, let's go to West Boca.
Hello.
Hi.
You're a West Boca cable, whatever on a Broward line.
Where you calling from?
Oh, yeah.
I'm calling from Broward, but I live in Boca.
Okay.
And I got nothing's perfect.
Yeah, that's true.
But I do have some complaints about West Boca cable vision anyway.
And I don't know what Tom knows about this or not.
But I've heard your complaints that the cable goes out for maybe two hours, three hours, sometimes overnight.
And you know, if you're working on a major area, I can understand that.
But what really irritates me is that I'm watching TV, I got murder mystery or something.
It goes out for five minutes towards the end.
Yeah.
Or it goes off for ten minutes.
Where are you going to?
Well, I guarantee you as sure as I'm sitting here,
that on Super Bowl Sunday, at least one cable system in this area will go out.
I mean, that's the only thing I was thinking about the poor people who wanted to watch the AFC game on Saturday.
Yeah.
Or Sunday, whatever day it was, and a damn thing goes out for hours.
I don't understand.
I understand, actually, for hours, that there's a major repair that's needed.
But these little three minutes jabbed, ten minutes, twenty minutes.
I understand why such a, you know, what's happening there?
Is it a fluke in the area?
I don't know really the technology, but I'll tell you one thing.
There's no excuse for it happening.
You know, FPNL, I think, has these commercials where something goes out,
where right there to get it fixed, right?
Yeah, right.
And the cable companies are making enough money that they could afford to do that too.
They just don't want to pay the help for the weekends that would require that, you know,
they would make it possible that if there wasn't outage, that it would be very brief.
It's a hell of a monopoly they have.
You know, they got a skillet there.
The circuit works out as far as switching the station, where you could find what.
All the TV books had CNN that would, they said it would remain on now.
Channel 16, it got switched to 27.
So I took a lot of fine now.
Channel, no, I got switched to 7.
Channel 7 is now 27.
But, you know, so, you know, that's just typical of it.
I did have some questions for you about Sun Sentinel.
Yeah.
And thanks, Neil, for letting me ask another question.
The coverage of the Sun Sentinel in Palm Beach is pretty poor.
But it's better, but it's light years better than Miami Herald is trying to make inroads.
Yeah.
But my question is that when you have it at Cutoff, arbitrarily at Boko for the Palm Beach edition,
now thousands of people who live in Boko also work in Broward County.
And it seems to me the natural cutoff point would be West Palm, because West Palm in North of that.
Well, I'm really not qualified to answer this because I've only been at the paper a few days.
Right.
But my understanding is that they compete heavily in all of Palm Beach County,
and they try and serve all of Palm Beach County.
That's my understanding, but again, I'm only been there three days and I'm really not qualified to answer this.
Yeah, I was just wondering why they cut off the Broward edition.
I just can't answer that question.
I don't know.
All right.
As far as the, you heard about Channel 25 in Palm Beach County.
Well, I heard about it.
Yeah, I mean, I wrote about it.
Yeah, I'm stuck at millions of bucks into it.
And they got on a half hour late because the technician overslept.
Really?
They were supposed to get on at eight o'clock on Sunday morning.
They didn't get on till eight thirty because the guy overslept.
Okay, well, I heard they sent millions of bucks into it.
They have probably stayed at the art, but I don't know if that's just a buzz word for a new station or a...
People used to say modern.
Now they say, stayed at the art.
Yeah, they got Broward's were up there and I think those were pretty good jobs.
Yeah, they had a piece in the paper yesterday about words that should be thrown out of the language spined after.
Now, stayed at the art is right up there.
That's the most overused word.
Yeah, it just means new, right?
Okay, and finally on the channel seven, you know, it's all news now.
It went to, it seems to me it's gone to a lot of news.
Oh, it's not all news, it's a lot of news.
Yeah, it's still our news too.
It's gone strictly a tabloid style.
Only at that seven o'clock.
Well, that works.
Channel 10 has been the number one station in town doing that.
Yeah, let's go.
You turn on Channel 10 at any given night and Ray Broadway murder is going to dominate the year.
But I wonder if it's going to oversaturate because you got entertainment tonight with the inside story.
Now, you got Channel 7 that's pseudosindicated.
Well, wait until next week, you're going to have a current affair at seven o'clock.
And you're going to have inside story at seven o'clock.
And there's a new program called Inside Edition or something like that.
And there's the USA to day one too, which is very similar to entertainment.
So there's got to be three of them on there between seven and eight o'clock.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Hey, listen, they can't over do that's what the public is sucking up right now.
They don't mind they love it.
They want dirt, they want sleaze, that's it.
Well, I hope Tom gets a chance to perhaps get a column of question and answers from local stations.
Well, as a matter of fact, we're going to institute that was one of the things we discussed.
And we are going to institute a question and answer column every week in every week in the TV book.
If you want to send the first question, do it.
That's great because the only the only one I know of in the area is Bob.
I've forgotten his lab.
Bob Michaels that we're going to do the same thing.
If there's anyone out there who has any questions about television or radio,
not where they can get in touch with the star.
That's great because I've said, yeah, because that's you know, that syndicated stuff is just Bill Ernst crap.
No, no, we're going to do that.
Great, great to hear it.
Okay, thanks for coming.
You bet.
Bye bye.
It's 11 till noon at WIODR guest is Tom Jicca of the four-letter day news unsentinel.
And we'll come back with your questions in a second.
There's an opening in Broward.
If you move quickly as they say 524-9463-5.
So we've got twice the traffic, twice the airborne coverage,
and date in Broward, and twice the qualified traffic staff.
You bring you to work at home twice as fast.
Now, more with Neil Rogers on News Talk Radio 610.
WIODR.
1153 at WIODR.
We got a WGN story in Broward here.
Hello.
Hi, I'm Neil.
Good.
We fought about four or five years ago to get WGN reinstated.
They say we had an unholy with cable 1983 and they took it off.
We had a petition signed actually store cable sent it out.
We got WGN reinstated at their time for a 55 cent a month increase in our premium.
That about two weeks ago we just found out that they were taking WGN off the cable.
Yeah, I was in my mother's yesterday and she has Hollywood cable.
And by the way, her picture is horrendous.
And no matter how many times she gets them out there, it just never gets any better.
And she showed me or I found it on the coffee table.
There was a little blue slip.
And it was just, you know, like you said, they cut everybody off guard.
They give them the shortest possible notice.
And all it said was, you know, WGN is going to be disappearing and TNT is going to be on it.
And that was it.
Two days notice.
Yeah.
Not only that, we think we have information that the store cable holding company may have a minority interest in TNT, which makes it...
Oh, yeah.
Well, a lot of cable companies have interest in stations.
When Turner had to refinance when he bought MGM, I think 405 of the biggest cable subl...
Carries in the country have a piece of the action now.
That's... that's... standard operating procedure in the cable business.
Well, a few of us from Chicago and some people that have called me since a couple articles were printed in the paper, have really tried hard to fight this thing.
And I've gotten a lot of calls from a lot of sympathetic people.
Well, good luck.
By the way, you know, I have an assessor's relationship now with WGN.
Right. That's owned by the Tribune Confirm.
Oh, yeah.
You got more of those in the company.
What am I going to do with them? That's play the Cubs.
That's my team now, the company owns the Cubs.
Well, anyhow, today at 4 o'clock in front of the Hollywood City Commission,
Storer cable has agreed to come forward.
I had spoken to the mayor of Hollywood, and she's got it on the agenda today.
And I don't know what to expect, but we're going there with Storer.
I'll tell you what you can expect. You can expect lip service because when push comes the shove, Storer can tell the mayor to go take a fly and leap.
They'll probably do it a little more diplomatically, but that's what they're going to do.
Well, we're going to see what can come of it.
Anybody that's listening from Hollywood, they would like to show off.
It's at 4 o'clock today at the Hollywood City Commission at 2600 Hollywood Boulevard.
Excellent. Good luck.
Thank you, Neil.
Thanks a lot.
Good luck, because they'll need it.
You know, you do hours and hours and hours on the thing with a cable company's,
but like the one caller said, they've got, you know, virtual monopolies.
And they've got that, anybody's got a monopoly's got an arrogant attitude.
Whether it's the hero, whether it's the phone company or FPNL or whatever.
And, you know, it's like dealing with city hallman, you're just banging your head against the wall.
And you'll never get that 50 cents taken off your bill.
Now they jacked up the charge at extra 55 cents or whatever it was,
but now that they took the channel away from you, don't expect to get this guy on it.
They can charge whatever the traffic will be. They have that right.
In fact, somebody was calling. There was a lady called Steve yesterday,
and they were talking about the changes with the channels.
And she was complaining that she lives in Broward, and she can't get six or twelve,
because she doesn't have cable.
Yeah.
Which is a good point.
I mean, you know, it's the 13th percent that they're admitting to.
She said she couldn't afford the cable.
Now, basic cable years ago used to be ten bucks a month.
Or less.
Or less, nine fifty.
Now it's like twenty one bucks.
If I told you, my cable bill runs about sixty two bucks a month,
because I've got all four of the movie channels, and I got the basic,
and a sixty two bucks a month for cable is ridiculous.
It's more than my phone.
And you don't even get what you want.
That's correct.
That's why if you buy a dish, if you finance a dish over three years,
that's about what you'll pay for the dish.
Yeah, that is correct.
And thank goodness I still got my dish in a garage, and I got all everything in one piece,
everything is great shape.
And, you know, it's a little bit high.
It's about three grand for a really good system.
Yeah.
But you can finance it.
And if you live in a place where you've got a single family home,
and you can get permission, you know, you've got to check that out first,
if the zoning will allow it.
It's a great investment.
I've never been happy with an investment I made.
My first problem with it when I came back from vacation this year,
apparently there was a lightning strike at my house,
and you know, some of the equipment got screwed up.
And I was without it for about a week, and I was just beside myself.
It was like living without it into a plumbing.
And the things that you get to see, it's like a whole new world.
It opens up all these new avenues to you, and you get to see the CNN,
the direct feed where they're sitting there picking their nose
and reading the paper.
Yeah, even with the scrambling, to get things these scrambles,
like to get, you can get HBO and cinemas for a year for $159.
That comes to what?
About $11 bucks a month for both services.
Okay, let's go to Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
I congratulate the guy that just called Jeff about the WGN problem.
And yes, the people that...
The herald had a big thing about it.
I mean, just the fact of life, you know, you can't deny it,
they've got a real signal problem.
Well, then I've heard...
There's been many years.
I wish it came in crystal clear myself, but it was farther than that.
Because advertisers are going to, I'll begin to say to them,
well, listen, people aren't getting this.
Yeah.
And I'm going to say it again.
12 has got a good signal.
I mean, maybe I'm picky, I don't know, but I like a real crisp,
clear signal.
You expected it, but now we're actually...
...it's really it.
And 12 has got a good signal, but it's just...
It isn't like, for example, five.
Now, five, I think, is closer as I recall,
or they got a better signal than 12 does.
Well, the lower on the value of the value, I don't know.
Okay.
And five comes in just the same as four.
Like I said, there's absolutely...
I keep flicking back and forth to try to pick up some little minute nuance.
There is no difference whatsoever.
They're both crystal clear, excellent picture.
And 12 is good, but it just doesn't have the color,
and it doesn't have the sharpness that you would, for example,
that we used to get CBS on a four, and it's annoying.
You know, you'd like to have a network affiliate that at least looks like a local station.
And that was the thing that used to separate network affiliates.
Yeah.
If you could look at a network affiliate in an independent station,
you could tell the difference in the picture.
Exactly.
Used to.
Four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Good afternoon, gentlemen.
I have a question for Tom.
Is it possible that in the second half of the Major League Baseball negotiation contract
with Cable that Turner has already possibly nailed down the rights of those four games that
are going to be dropped?
I don't think he's nailed them down, but I think he's a strong player.
Is that why possibly WGNs being dropped?
Oh, no.
That has absolutely nothing to do with it.
You think these people in Florida here have any insight into what's going on, and big league
negotiations in New York behind closed doors?
No, no.
They did it because it was self-serving.
They got a better deal from Turner.
They've already gotten their 50 cents from the subscribers.
They're going to keep that anyway.
And it's just a question of going for the best deal and the view would be damned.
Not being a Cable subscriber myself.
Is there any other attraction to WGN beside the Cubs game?
Oh, sure.
Yeah, that's a well-programmed independent state.
And excellent movies, very good movies.
Good basketball during the winter.
Yeah, the movies are good.
And some of the mini-series and things that come along and don't show up here for months show up there first.
It's a well-programmed independent state.
I mean, it's a bigger, Tom.
And excellent news.
I mean, I realize a lot of people aren't interested in what's going on in Chicago, but nonetheless, if you are from the Midwest or from that area,
their news is outstanding.
Do you have any comment about the NBC switch to CBS towards the baseball 10 games on Sunday or Concern?
NBC was upset about losing the baseball package.
CBS bought that package because every year they would get killed while NBC and ABC use the playoffs in the world series to promote their full schedule.
So CBS, they didn't buy it so much for the value of the games themselves as their uses promotional tools.
See, every year now come October, CBS will have baseball on when the other networks want to try to promote their news shows, which makes it difficult because people are distracted by baseball.
And at the same time, during baseball, CBS will be promoting their news shows.
That's why they spent a lot more money than the games are worth by themselves.
What do you think about the breeder's coming up at Gullscreen?
I can't wait.
How they going to do that with them being only open 50 days?
They're going to be open only three days. They're going to open on Friday, the breeder's couple will be on Saturday, they'll be open on Sunday, and then they'll go back to call.
There's my understanding.
Okay, thank you very much.
Okay, thanks for calling.
Yeah, that's going to be a three incredible way.
I'm going to have those days off.
Also, by the way, the breeder's crown and harness racing, they're working on it.
I don't know if it's going to happen or not, but they're working on having all of the races.
It's a fact. They're going to have eight races.
What are you going to have?
It's Friday and Saturday, I think it's like 26 and 27 of October, eight races at Pompo-no.
That's going to be tremendous.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward, 524, WIOD.
We don't want to get two sports intensive because of Broward's little, although he's okay today.
He's mellowed out a little bit because you're here.
Miami, hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I have one question.
How long did you have your dish up before you had to take it down?
Three or four months.
See, because it seems to me that, like, a few years ago, a dish was like being in Wonderland.
You could get everything.
But now they've really turned it around to where the dish owners are just as admerced
to the cable companies as everyone else because you have to pay the $2,500 to $5,000 and get the dish,
the $3,500 to get to these scrambler, and then subscribe to the cable company.
Well, first of all, I don't know any dish that costs $5,000.
Second of all, you're right about that.
I pay to get HBO cinemas and the 10 services that I want, the Superstations, the 2 CNNs, ESPN.
It cost me about $229 a year total, which comes to less than $20 a month.
I control it.
And on top of that, there's still about 50 or 60 stations, which are on Scramble.
And on Sunday, when CBS has five or six football games, I picked the one I watched,
not the one that the local station wants to show me.
That's just one example.
This basketball games are...
It's loads of stuff up there that isn't Scramble.
Oh, I agree.
It's a lot...
It's I like to watch the announcers in between the plays on commercials that hear their comments about bush or anyone else.
But the thing is, is I'm not unincorporated, and they don't even offer us cable.
Well, if you're an unincorporated, you can get a satellite dish because that's where I live and I have no problem.
Right, I get a dish and now that a year or two ago is great, we could pick up what we wanted.
But now I got $2,500 invested in the dish.
And now I also got to pay the $400 for this Scramble and then subscribe after the fact.
And they don't even offer me their services to begin with.
It's still much, much cheaper over the long haul and it's much more fun.
But let me get it straight.
So in other words, if you live in an unincorporated part of a county...
Well, I don't know if they'd count you.
I don't know what the rules are, but...
All right, so an unincorporated date.
You don't have to apply for a permit or do any of those things.
No, in other words, you just...
It's...
In less than a specific law against it, it's legal.
But some of these communities, you know, just who can't and people who can't mind their own business...
They're more concerned.
They're not concerned with it being an ice or anything else.
The people across the street have better television.
I mean, I don't want them to have better television.
Let me tell you something.
Mine...
Was my dish up when you were at my house?
Was it up?
Yeah, and you could hardly see it.
You couldn't see it.
Trust me.
As you came down my street, you could just from one spot on the street,
you can barely see the top of it.
I mean, it's big.
It's not a 10 foot, 10 feet, I think.
But you could just barely see it.
And of course, behind me, there's a lake.
So really, nobody could see it.
It wasn't bothering anybody.
But again, these...
Like you said, these municipalities, they've got to go through a big song and a dance.
You've got to get the homeowners association or write a letter.
And this one letter and a president to sign a zotograph on your left cheek and all its other nonsense.
And then if you know, you know, get all that stuff right in it.
And the bottom line is, where is it, any of that business?
Exactly.
It's on private property.
It's not bothering anybody.
But if you're an incorporate, it hits the ground.
Believe me, it's really...
It's right out there.
But then again, you know, we don't have the problems with the...
As soon as it rains, it burns fire.
That's correct.
You got it.
And we can turn from one to another and enjoy them all.
And if you miss one, it's six o'clock.
You pick it up on the west coast.
It's the same time.
And that's the way it should be if there are...
If there are...
There's program material up there in the skies,
as long as you're willing to pay for it.
Yeah.
Why shouldn't you be able to have your choice or whatever the hell you want?
Every home in America, you should be able to pick and choose whatever they want.
If they're going to pay for it.
All that they're doing actually is perpetuating them in opaliy of the local television station.
And they're just...
Without a doubt.
The only reason that there used to be only six or seven or eight channels or five channels or three channels was...
Because that was all that was room for on the dial.
Not because anyone decided that no market should have more than three stations.
That was just the way that the spectrum was laid out.
That's all you could have without one interfering with another.
Okay. I just wanted to point out that some of the people out there didn't have dishes.
That it's not as simple as just putting up a dish.
There's a lot more in there.
Well, that's correct.
Well, yeah.
But you've really over exaggerated the situation.
First of all, I would...
I was awfully frustrating when you've got everything in here.
First of all, I think right now for under $3,000 and I'm not looking to sell any for any reason.
I have my own already.
But for under $3,000, you can go out now and get the whole package with a descrambler.
That's right.
For under $3,000 and then for about $200 a year, which is about four or five hundred less than if you were paying for cable,
you can get everything that you want that's scrambled.
Including a couple of companies.
Including a couple of movie services.
Like I say, the HBO Cinemax package costs only $159 a year for both.
On any cable system, we'd cost you well over 200 for either of them.
And let me say this to you.
It invested a lot of money in a great TV set.
And I have really good ones.
I got a big screen, then I got a 31 inch Phillips.
And if you've got a really great piece of equipment, that is if I can say state of the art or whatever.
The picture you're going to get will be worth the investment because it's so much clear.
I mean, I never forget the first day that we cranked that thing up.
I have never seen a TV picture like it in my life.
And then I tune in the first baseball game.
Because it's no interfantastic.
And it was like it was in your living room.
I mean, it is that clear.
But anyway, be that isn't me.
We're not here to sell satellite dishes, but it sure is a great idea if you can get one.
12, 17, let's go to North Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Good.
How you doing? How you doing, Bard?
Hey.
Listen, I got a question for you. I don't know if you can answer.
I subscribed for six months at the news, okay?
And I only got it for three months. I paid 30 bucks.
How do I get my $15 back?
I would call the circulation department.
Well, just call down there and ask them.
12, 18, at WIOD, we have an open line indeed.
751, 9463.
Oh, another income bank.
Just like Les Arthas, they were actually sending people subscription flies
within a week or two of when they had announced they were going to close.
A Ralph Renek held one up in the air one night.
Did he? Yeah.
He had gotten one like in the middle of December.
And they had announced on December 31st they were going to close.
And Ralph's in, in port?
Okay, it's 12, 18, at WIOD and we'll come back with Tom Jicken your calls in a second.
I want to tell you again about our good friends at Toyota of Hollywood.
We keep telling you about that three day trial period on the new cars, trucks and vans.
And it's a hell of an opportunity to make sure you get in the car that's going to fit you.
But if you're in the market, but anyway, 21 past known at WIOD,
getting choked up from the pipe and all.
But you notice that we haven't, there's been no food in here.
No.
And you lost a lot of weight.
You look great and we, you know, we're all, he's dieting, unforced.
How do you got?
So lettuce.
What is that?
Just a little something.
From public.
From public.
There are a few of them.
Not a little sandwich.
A little sandwich and quiet here in my own business.
Yeah, quiet at things down a little bit.
Once in a while some stuff shows up, they put it downstairs and we go down and just a tiny little taste, you know.
But other than that we're doing okay.
And by the way, FAB rich is coming tomorrow.
Please only liquid.
You know, diet, soda, water, stuff like that.
No more food rich.
Bokeh, hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
What's that channel 12 thing you've just been playing?
You just had that ad.
It doesn't sound like the old channels 4 one.
It is.
That's the CBS thing.
Oh, it's, that's where we were having a great debate here yesterday, my poddra and I, and we didn't know why they would be using the same one.
But it's, well, there you go, because now they're CBS.
I see.
Well, that takes a big weight off my shoulders.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You guys have really been discussing this.
You won't, you won't hear that on channel 4 anymore, but you will hear this.
But what if channel 12 starts playing that?
Then we're in, then we're all in big trouble.
The trouble, boats will be leaving from the coast.
That is correct.
In fact, the channel 4 don't stop playing this, boats may be leaving.
Well, they wrote the other day, the problem with this is that, just at the time when they finally stop with this, don't worry,
the happy CBS is going to be launching their campaign, because they only took over the station yesterday, so they've been gone a little bit low-key.
But they'll be ready to make their big splash in another month or two, and, wait, God knows what they're going to come up with.
Well, remember back in the fall, Neil has, don't worry, I'm worried they're running.
Yeah.
But we've already finished with this thing, aren't we, you know, people?
Yeah.
Please, something else, please.
Amen.
Well, I guess they ought to run that, at least through an auguration day, right?
12.23 at WIWD.
Let's not get into any of that, okay?
I know that Mike is not.
The Duke is not running for re-election in Massachusetts.
Yeah, I love it.
Yeah, he's got to run for president again.
Is that a joke or what?
Yeah, maybe if there's a two-day run.
Well, they get about it and Jimmy.
They get him out of the tank.
Yeah, Miami, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yeah.
And Tom, you know, it's amazing.
Just as you pick me up every dog in the neighborhood starts to bark.
Well, they're probably trying to watch one of those channels.
I don't want to say which one.
Maybe my voice has a high frequency.
Hey, B.
Earlier, you made a comment about what can you do or, or it's not possible to get a rebate
from the company when they don't provide the service.
Well, I just want to tell you what I did.
I was successful.
You know, it took about an hour and a half on the phone.
But I have a Delphiocable, Cutler Ridge.
Yeah.
And I was doing some work around the house and every time I wanted to take a break with a
bit of a month, the cable was out.
Or it would come on for 30 seconds and be out for 20 and then come back.
Are you sure that Lassie's not out one of your channels right now because his dogs are going nuts?
That must be it.
But anyway, what I did, I called him up and I told him, look.
I don't, I want one month's back.
Why is that?
I don't want to pay you for a month.
I don't care if it works at two o'clock in the morning or when I'm at work during the day.
What do they tell you?
They gave me, they knocked a month off my bill because I told him, if you don't take one month off right now,
you can take that $600 you get a year and you can take my order right now to disconnect.
Yeah.
And maybe if people took that type of a line, it would work.
I don't deny that maybe that happened to you but you're the first one I've heard of that happen too.
Well, that guy said, I had to really get tough with him and tell him, you get $600 a year for me,
you know, you're not going to get anything.
If you don't, if you don't give me the money back for the service I paid for.
Yeah, well, the threats do work with him because like Thompson before they do get, you know,
the per of subscriber is reading the way they set their rates and that's what it's all about.
It's good to know.
And I know that when I got the satellite dish up and I called, it was back then American cable now it's continental.
And I called him and I said, I want to cancel all the movie channels.
They were just foaming at the mountain.
They were just making a big money.
Well, not only that, but they were afraid I was going to cancel the whole thing and I said,
but I'm going to keep the basic and that seemed to pacify.
In other words, as long as you just weren't going to dump out and they could count you as a subscriber,
they were still pacified.
Well, of course, in theory, they can sell you to somebody as a potential subscriber to the cable,
to the premium services.
Well, you can always use a leverage and then you can always call back before the end of the day and tell them,
you know, different, but you can use it as leverage at the time.
One other thing I did when I lived in coconut grove, we had my any cable vision.
I can't imagine any cable company being worse than that one.
Can I ask you a question?
Do you now live in a dog pound?
I'm sorry.
No, I'm sorry.
It's a little ambiance to the show now.
Sounds like the guy you remember the guy used to call up and do the dog races when I'd be on.
Well, anyway, in coconut grove where there were less dogs, I had my any cable vision.
They were so bad, I'd call them up and I said, I don't want it anymore.
So when I brought the box down to get the money back,
well, first of all, they won't give you the converter box until you give them $75.
I went down there to get the $75.
Yeah, you're giving the box back, it takes months to get the $75.
They're about a six to eight weeks.
I didn't need the money.
It was a principle of it.
I said, why can't I get the box till I give you the money?
But I can't get the money back for six to eight weeks.
They said, that's the way it is.
I took the box back out, I went and called them and I called spoke to some managers and I said,
listen, I'm going to take this box, I don't want the money, take it to the herald,
right on the front steps.
I'm going to go in there and tell them what I'm going to do and I'm going to smash this with a hammer.
Maybe, just maybe, they'll be interested enough to print a little something in the paper.
And I'm going to, if I get a statement at all, I'm going to encourage other people to do the same.
I went back down there the next day and they gave me a check with the money immediately.
It's sad that you have to do that, but it works a lot.
That's right. Look at all the money they get to keep all that time and get interested on it.
Yeah. Okay.
Bye-bye, Neil.
Good luck. Thank you.
27 past noon at WIOD at Open Line and Dayed, 7519463.
Dear Field, hello.
Good morning, her afternoon now.
Good evening.
Okay, well, whatever.
Anyhow, while we're on subject cable companies, do you notice that they always are doing things to get new subscribers?
But they never give people that have been with them for years.
Any kind of a break, except maybe one of the big premium channels have their free weekend.
Yeah, well, that's common business practice in just about any business.
But like that.
The old story of the prodigal son.
Oh, okay.
And off we go.
And off we go.
And off we go.
And off we go.
And off we go.
And off we go.
And off we go.
And off we go.
And off we go.
It wasn't that good to repeat a second time, certainly not.
Okay, now they're ever going to figure out what's going on with AM radio down here.
What's going on?
Because I noticed it still, yeah, still a lot of problems getting stations up in the outer reaches of North Broward, like I am in with myself.
And in some parts, even if South Day and the Keys, when I can go over to the Bahamas and get the station, is where I'm standing on top of their tower.
I guess that's directional signals.
Yeah, big part of the problem is a lot of us have to put, you know, a big signal into the water.
You know, and I guess we're big in dolphins, you know, but that's about it.
Cruise ships.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, I was over in the Bahamas for a few weeks now.
I was getting you better than I've ever heard you before.
And when you used to work over on another station on AM, you sounded, can't, when I was several miles further away from you.
Yeah, well, when I was on a night in that station, I used to drive, when I left there a midnight every night, I used to drive home to Pemberg Pines, and I get up to Pemberg Road,
which is about a mile from the tower, and I could barely hear the station anymore.
So, you know, it's all that directional business.
Okay, well, thanks a lot, and you'll have a good day, and someday we'll get all this figured out.
Yeah, if we live long enough, thanks a lot.
28 past noon at WIOD, we have an open line in Broward.
If you move quickly now, 524, WIOD, Tom's going to be here to one, and then he's going to leave us very quickly.
Unfortunately, he had a big interview set up with his friends at Channel 7, but something happened.
Lift me again, yeah.
Really?
Yeah.
Doesn't happen more than every time we have one set up.
Palm Beach, hello.
Mail.
Yes, sir.
There's John from Palm Beach.
How you doing, John?
Good.
Listen, as far as the cable companies go, if you have an outage, they have to credit you for the days that your cable is out.
Yeah, but it has to be a whole day, doesn't it?
Right, right.
It has to be a whole day.
Well, it has to be a whole day.
Right, a whole day.
Yes, so you got to sit there and monitor it.
Oh, no.
I mean, you know, if you turn out in the morning and it's out, you come home in the evening and it's out, then they have to credit you for it.
I got news for you.
They'll never do it on their own.
You have to make them out of it.
And let me tell you one of the reasons that they get away with it is that most of us dread more than almost anything in the world having to call a cable company because you get.
You hear that recording and you're on hold for like an hour and you almost get the feeling they're doing it intentionally to discourage people from calling complaining.
You're ever just fairy.
Yeah.
It's just like do I with the telephone company.
Yeah, you call them mobile phone.
We question more for the call than the money.
I tell you one thing though, since they broke up my bill, when you call a phone company to make any changes now, they are so friendly and so fast and so accommodating.
Man, it just the phone company's always been for a monopoly, a very benevolent monopoly.
Well, now, you think so competitive that they're trying to keep you as a company.
I mean, as far as service and reasonable pricing and things like that, but their attitude has changed a lot.
If they got competition, believe me, and when somebody gets competition, they become a lot more humble and a lot more agreeable.
That's right.
Okay.
Quick offer story up in Palm Beach and cemetery village up there.
Yeah.
They have a bus that goes to Publix.
Okay.
They had about 40 old folks on this bus.
Okay.
They were loading up.
The manager of the store came out and stopped them from loading down to the bus and said that there was some shoplifting going on.
And he'd like to check the receipts of some of the people that were on the bus.
So everybody, you listen, everybody got off the bus.
Okay.
The manager went into the bus and found over $100 worth of groceries laying under the seat.
I wonder how it got there.
Gee, I wanted to know how he was able to do that outside the store.
It's unbelievable.
It's on their property.
It's on their parking lot.
One more thing, Neil.
Yep.
Good day.
Okay.
Pro 31 at WIOD and opening in that Palm Beach line.
That's hot.
655-9463.
And we got...
Could you imagine what the liability insurance must be on that bus?
Not for driving it, for riding on it.
Yeah.
Broward.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Let me say it again.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
One more time.
Quick listing to the radio, sir.
You're on right now.
Right as we speak.
Okay.
But not much longer.
But it's going to be a real recall because you keep listing yourself on delay.
Sir.
Hello.
Speak to us.
Okay.
Now I can hear you.
Okay.
What?
What?
Sir.
What do you want?
Okay.
That was incredible.
It said satellite info on fire.
Yeah.
Which is why I went to that.
I thought it would be an interesting call.
And the guy is, well, maybe he's up there on a fish.
Yeah.
You know, you mentioned just in passing a few minutes ago, it's incredible.
I know for kids listening to us, it'll really show you that we grew up.
When we were kids, we only had three or four channels.
Now that, you know, they don't think we had a tough.
And you know something.
I don't want to get back in that discussion with you because you finally
relented a couple of years ago that the bait we had about, you know,
whether it used to be better in the old days.
And you being very naive and young.
We had that song in a dance about how I was wrong.
And we got the book out.
We went back night by night and prime time.
And there only used to be the three networks or whatever.
And there was so much better choice back in the old days.
But would you want to go back to that?
I mean, compared to cable now and satellite, what's available?
Would you want to go back to that?
Well, not to those programs per se, but to the quality of it.
Yeah.
In other words, I'd rather have three great shows to choose from
at a given time, almost any time of the day or night,
as opposed to having 60 crap channels that I got now.
I mean, different.
Even when you got the satellite, for example, if there's not a sports event
on it to give a moment, which is unusual, but if there isn't,
you can go from every single one of those birds and all the transponders
and there will be plenty of times when you, I mean,
unless you want to see the guy chop any onions, you know,
on that one channel there in the guy with this guy.
How is he doing?
That's on tape.
That's on tape.
He's on 24 hours a day.
Yeah, it's incredible.
It is unbelievable.
1233 at WIOD, April Wartham's got a news update.
And we'll come back with our guest, Tom Jicca,
the radio TV editor of the Fort Lauderdale News Sun,
sent an all right after this.
Good day.
1236 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Palm Beach, but you won't get on a way
if you call in there, but just for exercise, 655-9463.
Broward County, hello.
Yes, Neil.
How are you doing?
Good.
To be coincident, if you guys are talking about this today,
because I called you sales office early this morning.
I'm a satellite dealer.
They look, I want to get some spots on the show.
Ain't nobody got back to me yet.
Really?
No.
But, uh, I understand you had to take your dish out.
I think I got a solution for that.
I think I could, you could get a portable dish.
Okay, that folds up like an umbrella, but a 9-footer.
And every time big you have, you just fold it up,
and fold it out the next day.
Oh, in other words, break the laws.
You're not the guy that sold me mine, are you?
No, I know.
You sound like it.
No, what is it?
I think the restrictions have to do with permanent fixtures.
And this is not a permanent fixture.
It's a portable unit.
But then why, if that's a case, then why did you say that?
Every time they give you a hassle, fold it up and put it in.
Why would it take that hassle?
If there's nothing illegal about it, why would they give you a hassle?
Well, I don't see why it would give you a hassle,
about two years ago, it was difficult to put permits
in a lot of different cities.
Now, we can put it in place.
Like, like plantation, right?
We have full permits in plant.
No, but I'm saying it's not easy.
It's a pain in the ass.
It is, but it can be done.
Oh, I know that.
I'm going to have it done.
What would you charge now for a for an outfit
we had to call a little while ago for,
with a D-scrambler, 10 foot to 12 foot dish, installed.
How about 20 or 100?
Yeah, and certainly not about the good system.
Yeah, that's right.
That's about right.
And that would be with an installed D-scrambler, right?
An installed D-scrambler.
Yeah, so the guy has said 5,000 and 40000.
Oh, yeah, he's getting carried away.
It would be about 20 or 10000.
And if you're finance, well, I finance mine 2,900,
and it cost me 106 a month for three years,
which is a little bit high, but then now my three years are up
and I pay the very minimal fee for the,
will I get the D-scrambler?
Sure.
Sure.
And I have to deal with cable company.
It's a much better deal in getting screwed by the cable company.
That is true.
And it was for all time.
Initially, I think they were a part and part
for the city commissions and whatnot to put pressure
on a lot of dealers who are hand customers
who are wanted to have dishes.
No more than anything.
But more than anything, which is people mining other people's business.
As usual.
That too.
That too.
So I hope you have failed the department.
Call me back.
I'll lay on them, OK?
OK.
Thank you.
1239 at WIOD and we'll go to 4 Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi Tom.
Hey, El.
Yep.
Good luck at your new position, Tom.
Thank you.
Neil, you may not have the worst cable company in the world.
I have Jones.
Oh, we got it.
We got it right here at the station.
I got two stations.
I can watch the same NBC programming.
I got two stations.
I can watch the same CBS programming on.
There's two stations on my cable now that are reserved for future programming.
I have absolutely nothing on them.
OK, and has your cable company?
He told us, yeah, we're Jones.
I'd like to know what.
Now what does this is?
What's it I'm not getting to get this?
Wait a minute.
I'm not done.
There's four Turner network stations with the CNNs, PBS, TNT.
Yep.
OK.
They just put on the Sunsign channel.
I called them and asked them why they didn't put the sports channel on so we could have the games.
The heat games.
They said, well, you can get the heat games on 33.
I said, well, you better tell me where you're getting your TV guide.
Because it's a little different in mind.
You can only get a few.
That was their answer to that.
They took USA network off.
I said, why did you take USA network off?
They said, well, most of the cable companies around have discontinued USA.
They're the only ones that have done it.
Unbelievable.
They got a better deal with someone else.
Yeah, I'm sure with TNT, they had to put it on.
But it's absolutely ridiculous.
And I feel there's nothing we could do about it.
Well, the thing that bothers me is that when you sign up for something, they give you a list.
They give you a sheet of guide, whatever you want to call it, and it shows you what they have available.
And you make an agreement.
You give them a deposit.
You get the box and a whole thing, and they install it.
And that's what you paid for.
Then arbitrarily, without asking the customers, although some of them will say, well, we send surveys.
Not usually they don't even do that.
They just arbitrarily change it.
Well, to me, that's fraud or close to it.
Because then you're paying for something that isn't what you agreed to in the first place.
So when you sign up, because maybe you're a big cubs fan, or for whatever reason you want, WGN,
just use that as an example, because that's a popular one.
And then it disappears arbitrarily with two days notice.
That's fraud, because that's not what you're paying for.
They also have a pay-per-view channel that you can't get.
Did you have it there at the building?
They're running a test on the area.
They've been running a test.
Well, there's not that much pay-per-view on.
If you remember, by the way, going way back, it started on your program.
Why I got a satellite dish when they took WOR off my cable system.
That's why I got a dish in the first place.
Well, but one of the reasons for them putting the Sunshine Channel on was because somebody intended for me to do this.
No, Sunshine Channel was owned by the cable companies.
They have an equity interest in that.
That's why they put that on instead of Splatch Channel, which has just infinitely better programming.
Yeah, in the Sunshine Channel, you get like Olympic Badminton and those picking and Seminar.
There are maybe a couple of shows like they have the Calder Racing Show, but other than that...
I'll see you on Splatch Channel.
Are really?
Yeah, because Palpato's on Splatch Channel, too.
Yeah, Ghost Shims got me on Splatch Channel.
So other than that, Sunshine is one of the big waste you'll ever see in a history of mankind.
And they're foisting it upon us only because they got a vested interest in us.
Well, they told me nothing.
They told me that the Splatch Channel is about to lose the rights that the men and the Dodgers are.
I don't even understand what they're talking about.
That's very fair.
The Dodgers are an on-spotch channel.
As far as the meds are concerned, they're not going to lose the meds because they did lose the Yankees to MSG.
That'll be interesting to see if any stations down here pick up MSG.
That's a good channel.
Yeah, excellent channel.
That's another one you get from the mental light.
Yeah, and plus you get the Nix and you get the Rangers.
And now you're going to get the Yankees starting there.
I think the year after next, just about every Yankee game's going to be on.
There's just a lot of reasons to get us out.
Like I say, I'm kind of waiting a move now because I've moved from Miami to Fort Lauderdale to work.
And I just won't move into a place until I know in advance that I can put my dish up.
Please say, I bought a house and I can't get a saddle like this.
What do I do?
Why not?
Why not?
It's against the zoning laws.
What's the thing?
I live out in Davy.
Well, I would go to a commission meetings and fight that.
What do we do about these cable companies?
I mean, there's nothing we can do.
Is that what you're saying?
There's nothing to do.
No, there's nothing you can do.
No.
That's just about what it is.
Unless you...
One of the things you can do is get a group of people.
If you get 20, 30, 50 people to threaten to cancel, you might get there here.
But single individuals, they want...
Because they know in the long run what you're going to do, you're going to call up,
you're going to make threats and then you're not going to do anything.
Because you won't give up what you do have.
Can they know that I'm going to only call certain people?
If you've got a group, it might work a little bit better.
They know that I'm going to only call a certain amount of times and you put on hold for 50.
Yeah, exactly.
That's right.
Why is it that they want to lie?
What is disonning a lot of it doesn't allow you to put a dish up after?
I'm not exactly sure, but I called and they said no.
Well, I would check into it because it might have some restrictions.
Did they allow people to put up TV and television?
Let me say this to you.
I don't think that they can totally ban them.
I mean, I may be a little fuzzy, but my attorney told me this months ago
that ruling that was in Congress last year says that you've got a right to have one.
Now, they can make very restrictive rulings and make it pretty tough for you to put it in the right spot
and fit all of the restrictions, but I don't think it's kosher for them just to say you can't have one.
So I would check it out and find out what it really is.
Yeah, I think if you put it out of sight where no one could see it from off your property,
do they allow TV and television, Davey?
Yes.
Well, that's a recourse.
I know from reading trade papers.
Because all the antennae is a TVF.
All the dishes is a TV antenna when push comes to shove.
So I don't think that they can just fly it out, Laura, and if I were you, I would check into it.
Okay, thanks.
Good luck.
1244 at WI-O-D.
Now, what is this?
That came with it.
There's a tape.
This is from the check.
For Camilo Sal.
Boros Nuthouse in the gallery.
Oh, yeah. Great folks.
Send us a bunch of candy.
A little piece of candy.
I'm sure it's all diatetic.
What do we got?
Oh, boy.
Wow.
I'll watch.
1245 at WI-O-D.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Good.
Well, maybe just.
I'm fine to find out who regulated the FCC.
I've had problems with the Delphiocables in August.
FCC is not involved in cable.
I filed a complaint with the Office of the County Manager, FCC Division, cable, television, 17th floor.
I have the letter in front of me.
I was told that a Delphiocale to apply for a permit with FPNL for power supply to my area in Kendall Lake.
By the way, excuse me, one second.
But that rich called in on the bat line said he's got a friend and Davey who has a satellite dish.
No problem.
So the gentleman who called just before this caller will check it out.
He might be able to get one.
Go ahead. I'm sorry.
Okay. That's okay.
So anyway, I was told by a Delphiocale after outages from August through the end of November that they had failed to apply for their power supply permit from FPNL.
I then called the FCC for the complaint.
They sent me a letter.
The FCC tells me today.
Tough luck.
Yeah, because the FCC is not involved in cable.
Who is? Who regulates them?
Who would allow somebody to lay cable, charge customers?
The County.
County doesn't care.
Well, that's the problem.
That's where we all have this.
That's why you hear everybody gripping, but we don't have any solutions because they don't care.
But somebody has to, I mean, they pay kickbacks to the County.
Is that what's becoming obvious?
Well, I know the kickbacks. They pay fees.
Well, they've got to take care of that.
My cable was out of 31st from 3 o'clock through quarter to cut Bears game through the midday of the first 19 hours.
Well, you can do as demand a refund for that day.
They did know that they did not have to give refunds.
I think that man was living in fantasy.
Call the County Cable office and they'll tell you what you're right.
I did. I got this guy, Mary, as a complaint officer.
Yeah, and what do you say?
Nothing. He sent me the letter.
He said nobody investigated why they didn't apply for the permit.
And I could take a chance and deduct that outage from my bill.
Yeah.
But they could turn around and cut my cable off.
And I have no choice.
They won't cut your cable off.
Not for one day.
Not especially if they were wrong.
I would doubt it because then they'd be losing you as a customer.
If it doesn't matter, I live in a complex that pays them a bulk rate yearly.
I have to pay them.
How are they going to cut off the service?
Because of the individual box.
Are you living a different deal all together than if you're in what they call...
I forget the MSD is something they call it.
Multi-system dwelling or something like that.
MDS Multit...
That's a whole different area so I'm not as familiar as I am with the individual cable.
But essentially, you know, negotiating with a cable company is like negotiating interest rates with a loan shark.
You know, you've got no leverage.
You take what they're offering or you get lost.
I can understand that.
I just find it hard to believe there's nobody in day County those concerned that these people are stealing power
from other source supplies in the Kindle Lake area because they fail to apply for a permit that's required by day County.
Well, you're just talking technical...
I don't know.
You know, some technical fine point.
I don't think that's what I'm talking about.
I wish you good luck but we don't have an answer.
You know, I hate to put it in those terms but it's frustrating.
Condorists.
1248 at WIOD with Tom Jicke will come back right after this.
V2 at WIOD.
Tom Jicke is here to one so let's get a couple more calls in.
Broward. Hello.
Broward?
Yes, I'm a dealer here in Broward County.
Fatalite industry.
Yeah.
And I appreciate what you're doing here as far as the media goes.
There's very little media talking about the satellite industry in general.
Most of it is about the cable.
And I think there was more of this with less regulation by your city.
Yeah, I can barely hear you, sir.
You can barely hear me?
That's better.
Okay, and an answer to the fellow from Davey.
There's no laws out there restricting him.
We have over 50 customers in that area.
Yeah, I would think so.
It just isn't kosher.
I mean, it's not constitutional just to make some kind of a blanket law saying you can't have a period.
You can make restrictions but you can't outlaw.
As long as we got you on the phone, I told you I am going to be house hunting soon.
Is there any area I should stay away from?
Plantation.
Plantation is probably number one public enemy.
Yeah, thanks a lot.
It's not going to be a neighbor then, Neil.
Also, lighthouse point.
We just completed one in lighthouse point where you have a 10 foot dish which is the norm in this area.
You have to bury it to foot under the ground.
How's it going to signal that?
Well, you have to go in and dig out a two foot trench in order to think that you may be living in lighthouses.
That's two.
You may be interested up on federal highway.
There's one up there at Adams Ribb that we had to do that in.
It would have been a lot smarter if we had put it out and hid the thing but that's how the regulations went.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, the paper's in central Browell.
It's up probably lives somewhere in that area.
There's nowhere around there that's two.
How about the city of Fort Lauderdale?
The city of Fort Lauderdale is not bad with the exception that they do require an extreme amount of paperwork regarding wind stresses
and that type of thing on the dish.
The dish is only most dishes weigh under 100 pounds.
Well, I think mine weighs more than that.
Yeah.
Most of them look like they do but they're made out of aluminum, the majority of them are.
Yeah, aluminum mesh I have.
But if you had more media coverage of this, I think that the cities would relax their laws.
Well, you'd listen.
I'll be delighted to bang away at it all I can because I'm a big advocate of satellites that are tremendous.
I have a new own dish and being able to make your own free choice and no more power to you.
Yeah, and there's no appliance in my home I'd give up before I give the dish.
I mean, the dish is the most important appliance I have.
Yeah, and plantation, we're getting ready to put one in a commercial establishment, a restaurant.
And it's to the point now where they have to submit the city does to the cable company to get their approval.
Now, that's totally against all loss.
Yeah, that's ridiculous.
And they want to know what programs they're going to show in this type of thing.
Oh, they got show those dirty movies.
Actually, there aren't that many of those around them.
Right, two of them, I think.
Yeah, one is pay per view.
You got to pay American ecstasy.
And then it's the Tuxedo.
And that's it.
Okay, well listen, good luck to you, my friend.
Okay, thank you.
1255 at WIO.
Did we get a mobile and date?
Hello.
Yeah, I have to listen to you guys.
I've had enough.
I just called city north Miami, the zoning invariance to try to find out about what I have to do for a dish.
Yeah, of course, they're busy.
I got to call back.
Money is the Tom.
Yeah, you get good reception on your dish.
The best reception possible.
I mean, if you've been listening to this more, you get an absolutely perfect picture.
All a cable system is, there's a bunch of dishes.
I'm my own cable system.
I say, you get a picture you just couldn't believe.
And you get the heat, right?
Sure.
It's important to find it like when, you know, the absolutely nights,
I come for transponder 14.
Yeah, unless there are two or three different satellite guides that you subscribe to,
just like TV guide every week.
And they have in fact, in the middle in the centerfold, they've got a page that shows you all the different satellites
and each transponder and what's on it with a schedule.
I mean, unless you're a dodo bird, there's no way in the world you can find it.
Yeah, you get to pick it up real quick within a week or two, you know, where everything is.
Yeah, not only will you get the heat games that are on here, but sometimes you'll get heat games that are on here
that are being broadcast out of the market.
Yeah.
Did you tell me what the air which companies you use?
No.
And my company's out of business.
Oh, how about you?
I wouldn't recommend the one I bought it from because, again, they put it in,
maybe all kinds of promises and misrepresentations, and told me that they were, you know, going to the law.
And then even after I had the citation, then they said, well, we'll take care of it,
and we'll get with the city of plantation and he lied to me consistently from the day that they put it in.
And so now I'm doing business with somebody.
Just make sure that you shop around.
I got three different price quotes when I got mine that varied by as much as $2,000.
And make sure that if you're not in an unincorporated part of the county, if you're in a city or municipality,
make sure that they go according to local, that they get it right.
They're going to get the permit and get it right into everything kosher.
Otherwise, you could have a real sorry investment sitting in your garage somewhere.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay.
Okay.
Volker, hello.
Yes, I have a question, Jika.
Yeah.
I have a question about a charge on my cable bill.
It's called a fee.
A what fee?
A copyright fee.
It's 5% of my basic coverage and it showed up.
I think that, does your cable system offer more than two superstations?
Now it's leadership and...
How many, like, do you have a TBS?
No, it's not a TBS.
Oh, well, no.
The copyright fee, there was a 3.75% charge for any system that carried more than two superstations.
That could be it.
Well, I called them and they said to me, well, the federal government is charging them a copyright fee,
so they're passing on to them.
What's the cost of doing business?
I mean, that's...
It doesn't matter.
They don't have to explain it.
They can charge whatever they want.
They're like, when you get your bill from FPNL every month, do you question the fuel adjustment charge or anything like that?
I mean, it's whatever they put on there, you know.
Oh, they had said it's the federal government, not state-long.
No, you know, I exposed them, my cable company, long before I got a dish, I got a letter one time saying that because HBO had raised the price of programming,
that they had to raise my HBO bill by two months.
And only because I was in the business and coveted.
I knew that that was a lie.
So I called HBO to make sure.
They said sure they hadn't raised their price to the dealers in the three years.
I wrote a column about it.
They admitted it, but they never took the $2 charge, or...
They just made it up.
You know, in thinking, it seems to me, and again, it's a major expense to spend $2,500 or $3 grand, whatever, for a satellite dish.
But a lot of people have been frustrated and asking, you know, what can we do about these damn cable companies?
They're not giving us what we want.
It seems to me that more people start going out and buying dishes and doing it legally and properly.
That the cable companies are finally going to get the message that, hey, we better cut it out.
And one of the unfortunate things even about this conversation is, you know, when we talk about legal and illegally, like you were doing something wrong,
there's no reason satellite dish.
It shouldn't be legal everywhere.
It's just a question of people mining other people's dishes.
I don't want to look at that in my block.
That's the only reason.
The city of plantation, for example, I got this enormous pothole that I keep talking about on the year of the day until I get over there and fix it on my street
that could just totally destroy your car, you know.
They don't seem to be able to do that.
And as I look across the lake for months back there, the houses had all the paint blotch stov and it was just a horrible ice or that everybody could see.
But God forbid that somebody should have a satellite dish up there and be able to get something that they don't.
That's what it is.
Let's make a big deal.
Okay, well listen, we're at the end of the line.
Tom, thank you for your pleasure.
I was good luck.
Good luck at the sunset.
Thank you.
And a Gulf Stream.
I'll see you there, huh?
But you will.
Tom Jicke has been our guest and you'll look for his column, how often?
Almost every day.
Almost every day.
Almost every day.
And you know, this week in the lake we're already behind catching up with.
Excellent.
Okay, news upcoming at one o'clock with April, we'll come back with an open hour.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
One o'clock.
And we're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
We're going to have to go to the next level.
It's a little old lady from highly high.
It's a little old lady from highly high.
It's a little old lady from highly high.
It's a little old lady from highly high.
It's a little old lady from highly high.
It's a little old lady from highly high.
It's a little old lady from highly high.
It's a little old lady from highly high.
It's a little old lady from highly high.
It's a little old lady from highly high.
106 at WLG, again we thank Tom Jicke for a great three hours.
106 at WLG, again we thank Tom Jicke for a great three hours.
And Tom usually stays the entire show.
But he had a zip back all the way up there to Ford Lauderdale.
Good luck Tom.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
And Tom is going to get up there to Ford Lauderdale.
But questions for Tom.
Yeah, it is.
But you just want to, because when you say goodbye and it was nice having you here,
you assume that the average person with IQ of over two understands that they're leaving now,
okay, that they're gone.
And I would say that nine times out of ten, you'd have a guess, you get a bunch of calls left.
And you say, hey, look at this.
They want to talk to me, you know.
And well, I have a question for Joe.
Well, Joe left an hour and a half ago.
You know, that kind of thing.
I always say that.
But we'll see.
Ford Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
You got a question for Tom?
It's just a joke, sir.
Oh, okay.
That Neil.
Yeah.
Listen, I just wanted to say I talked to one of the engineers at Channel Six,
and they're investigating putting up another power in Northern Bower or Southern Palm Beach County,
direction only.
So there would be no signal interference for Channel Six.
And I wanted to mention that the time before he left, but he got out of there.
Well, I'm sure he's listening right now.
I can get on and they have got a tentative approval from the FCC.
And they're now investigating with the FAA as to a site.
In other words, a low-powered, God-transmitter that would beam back towards Channel Six,
Lauderdale and Miami.
That would eliminate the signal problems.
I just wanted to share that information with you.
Thank you.
All right.
Okay.
Now that would be great, because I would solve the problem.
Well, they used to have that 33 and 59.
Although 33 was, I know, not a quality picture either.
It wasn't what 33 is now, which is a high-power UHF.
I know.
Okay.
Let's give those numbers out.
We just got an hour to go between now and two o'clock or 51 minutes and counting.
At 751 WIOD and day 524 WIOD and Broward.
About 50 now.
50.
49.
Not that we're counting already, though.
278 WIOD and Boka and Delray.
I just, and I can't all ring at the same time.
No.
You can have 4,000.
Here's a message.
It says they will never change the phone.
Is there some special reason for that that we don't know?
Yeah.
What is the reason?
Just in case you hadn't already surmised, Nick is back today.
It's customized.
Well, I don't care if it's customized or not.
They could customize it to be crappy like this.
They could customize it and do it right.
Because I know they're changing the phone system
and all the big shots offices out there in the rest of the building.
They either have done it or they're in the process of doing it
and changing the real phone system that works.
But I guess, you know, we're talk show.
We just do a show with phones on a year.
I guess that isn't all that important.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
Okay.
Well, look at that.
We still got those same four deadly calls on there
that we had before I gave the numbers again.
So I had a feeling in a fit of my stomach.
All right.
Let's take this mobile here.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
I just had to say something about store cable.
I recently moved from North Miami to Coral Springs.
And I had a refund due to me.
And I got a letter from store saying that if you want your refunds,
if it's less than $5, you have to specifically send them a letter.
If it's more than $5, they'll send it to you.
But if it's less, you've got to write them and ask them to send it to you.
And I just said,
And did you have to say, pretty please in the letter?
Yes, you did.
And I said pretty please and a lot more.
But, you know, I know it's a little thing.
But it really makes me irate because they've had the money for, you know,
three or four years already.
Yeah.
I've always paid my bills.
And it does me off.
Yeah, the bottom line is cable companies really suck.
That's the bottom line.
Yeah.
If there's a really good one out there that really treats the customers well
and gives them programming that most of the people want,
I don't know where it is.
Yeah, I agree.
I mean, if it was $0.88 more, they would have sent it to me without a letter.
Yeah.
Great.
Well, anyway, I don't want to take any more time.
I just had to say that.
Good luck.
Thanks a lot.
12 minutes after one at WIOD, and we're down to three now.
Let's see if we can get the clear of the board.
Oh, good.
We can start.
All these people are, you know, one dimensionally.
Get off on a thing and then right away that's the only thing they can do, you know.
524, I'm going to give them real slowly.
I enjoyed that moment of silence.
I like that.
524.
Nice.
WIOD and Broward.
I didn't have a good hate letter from Palm Beach.
I threw it in the basket.
Oh.
That's unique.
I don't want Tom to feel bad or paint out of the left.
He's a great guy.
Oh, yeah.
There's a lot of time.
And I've never been able to understand when he used to come in for four hours on all the shows.
And that's a long.
Yeah, it is.
I mean, when you're getting paid for it, that's one thing.
But to come in and, you know, sacrifice your life to the audience for four hours.
That's a long haul.
It's a great letter.
It's about this.
Yeah.
So it's an old fart couple in Palm Beach and they were trying to find a parking space.
They were probably cutting these kids off and stealing their parking space.
And the kids got out of the car and they started calling them douchebags and old farts.
And of course, they're immediately blaming me.
This is a copy of a letter sent to our illustri...
Oh, here it is.
Great.
Yeah.
Look at the copy.
And look at their handwriting.
This will be worth it.
Looks like Methusel in drag.
Okay.
That's what the handwriting looks like.
And I'm going to try my best to decipher it.
Okay.
Now as soon as I said that, almost all lines are lit up.
Dear sir, this is the spiked wise, KWYOD.
This is from Joseph Feinberg in West Palm Beach.
And he sent Joseph sent me this copy.
So I'm not reading anything out of anybody else's mailbox.
Dear sir, I want to let you know of an experience I had with a broadcast talk program that emulates...
Not emanates, but maybe it is not.
Emulates from your station.
Emulates.
Oh, I know you mean it.
This program is a Neil Rogers.
A not Neil Rogers, but a Neil Rogers.
My wife and I were looking for a parking space in a Delray shopping center.
I inadvertently took a space that was about to be taken by two young men who may have been waiting for same.
inadvertently, of course.
Before I could back out and give the space to them and wave apologizing, they both shouted old fart into my wife who was sitting with the car window closed, could not hear, being called douchebag.
They scattered away, how did two people scatter away?
They scattered away, racing their motor as they left.
A couple who witnessed the incident told us that it was the influence of a radio talk show host, a Neil Rogers, who had broadcasting at the time.
As my wife shot, I listened to this program on WIOD.
I am not approved, but his humor and choice of songs were quite shocking to hear early in the day.
His later in the day, a little bit so shocking.
A candy bar song was X-rated plus.
But the real venom came a little later.
He started to be rate old people, his labels of old fart and douchebags was used over and over again for the next few weeks.
For the next few weeks, let's hear this.
I listened to WIOD, 10 to 2, and I could not believe what I was hearing.
A Paul Goble's type, I thought it was Joseph Goble's.
What do I know about history?
A Paul Goble's type, arousing young people to hate any senior citizen who might come their way.
Colors were telling of their episodes with old fart and douchebags and how they let the old folks know their place.
What prompted this letter was a remark he made to an older person who called a complaint of this type of radio brutality and tried to reason with the arrangers but was told by this obvious sick host quoting,
don't worry you old fart, you'll be in the ground soon and I'll still be on the radio.
For your station and your advertisers and for yourself, please do something about this.
Signed Joseph in West Palm Beach.
Quite a letter.
Joseph who listened for a few weeks after this untoward episode that he had up there in that parking lot when he inadvertently it took some young people space.
Okay.
So, he was in the wrong.
Now, I don't know you Joseph, but I did read your letter and I can't assume that you're a douchebag or an old fart, but I must say that your sense of humor on the scale of zero is minus infinity.
And also I suggest next time you want to take somebody else's parking space, think a second time, okay, Joe. Cut the crap.
117 at WIOD want to talk about when are these men going to stop hurting us so desperately and the Lord spoke to me and said,
can he as long as all stars still sign in the sky. I'm still God and I still rule.
Funny minutes after what at WIOD we have an opening in Broward. If you move real fast now, bet you'll be the first one to get in.
You watch 524 WIOD we got a mobile in Boca. Hello. Okay, good call. That's one of the days of fashion Boca man. What a bunch of cheap skates. You know, 35 cents a minute.
What do you have to wait like two, three minutes? A buck. The best buck you probably every spend probably a French Canadian calling from up there in Boca.
Dear field on five. My five is like blank. It says here Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes, I'm calling from the city of Miami.
And I wanted to ask question related to the big switch about the TV station. I'm not here anymore. Dear. I tried to make an impression. Okay, I'll try my best.
I have a special problem. I bet. My problem is that ever since the big switch, my reception on Channel 4 has gone put on the cable. No, I'm not on cable. Well, the channel 4 signal is name different than it was before.
I've adjusted my antenna on the rear. Trust me, dear. I get Channel 4 is clear as a bell. Nothing changed. Nothing changed with their power with their signal. The only thing it changed was their network affiliation.
And now I can't. So I think you must be hallucinating. Well, I would check out your antenna. Yeah, something with you. What kind of antenna have you got a rabbit ears? No, I've got an outdoor antenna in my room. Well, I would have somebody check it out because there's nothing wrong with Channel 4 signal.
Okay, trust me. Okay, 22 past one at W I O D. We have an open line in date now. 7519463 Steve has open phones this afternoon. Tomorrow he's doing condos part two. Yeah, which I assume is about the thing with the nine year old girl, Jamie, which is one of the.
You know, he had a caller the other day a couple of days ago and I just almost drove off the road. This guy. Well, you know, we all get these wacko callers, but this guy was so outrageous and he's saying to Steve, well, why should you be concerned about this?
Doesn't any of your business and the who cares? You know, those people don't want that girl there or why should anybody be concerned about it? I mean, here's a girl whose mother died of cancer.
Yes, who's got no place to go and the people she's living with, the relatives she's living with can't afford. They can't sell a condo and they certainly can't afford the rent or to buy another place to like, you know, get rid of that one and get out from under that payment.
She's not but she was on a show here. She's quiet and polite as could be. But they just are obsessed that certain group of people over that place are obsessed with driving these people out.
And one of the most disgusting things in one of them that is such a perfect example. That's the epitome of what's wrong with this town. That story epitomizes everything that's wrong with this town is that nasty. And this guy who writes me the letter, you know, who's such a maven on the program because he allegedly is listened for two weeks.
If the shoe fits pal wear it, okay, as I've said a million times, you always have to do this disclaimer. You can be 20 and be an old fart mentally. Okay, and we got some of those and you can be 70 or 80 and be a living and breathing decent person who cares about people.
But unfortunately, we've only got a small minority of those. I'd say maybe 20, 30% of our so-called senior citizens behave like that and another very large percentage of act like barbarians.
And that story that Steve's been doing a good job in covering with that little girl that is that is just horrendous that a group of people could be so without conscience.
Well, I hate to tell that man, but that story was on page three a of these US.
So there are some people making the national news. You bet with a picture. And so the old fart douchebag South Florida syndrome is making national news and it has on and off for a long time.
The Palmerance family was on 60 minutes. Remember a few years ago. I had him on the year and it was a similar kind of story. They had a baby.
They made the cardinal sin of having a baby and even though the family that lived next door to them in that development, these were single family houses, but in a development and a family that lived next door to them had a pet monkey.
And what the people lived there basically said in paraphrasing, but what they said, the monkey's okay. The baby's got to go. What was the complaint? It was a human baby.
Oh, that was the thing. Oh, yeah. If it would have been a baby baboon, I guess it would have been okay. Like a baboon in the box.
Got a mobile in bouquet. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Joseph is a douchebag. Okay.
And I've been calling these old fart douchebags and antthos for many years before I first heard of it.
They've developed those attitudes based on personal experience. Let me tell you how popular you are though.
I had an asthma in a couple weeks ago in a tavern with about 150 people there. I was playing a tape that you'd send me about a year ago.
Unplugged the headphones and started playing out loud. After joint starts singing along with the music.
And I bet you have in the whole place that heard a Neil Rogers would listen to him now.
And asked me, we're big out of town. We're gigantic out of town. In town, we sucked a bit.
Did you say it was a tape you got about a year ago? Yeah, it was when you were still on the 8th.
I mean, you know, you're the first person, sir. I've ever spoken with whoever received that tape.
Oh, it's great tape. Well, he sent out about 2000 to 2000. But you're the first person who's ever admitted that he got actually received it.
I'll see. It was worth waiting for. Don't you know? You're glad you called. You made his ears. Yes, sir.
On the cable business, up in Boka, of course, Boka has a cable network up here. Comcast.
And we have a pretty lousy cable reception. So we call it a technician to come out and check it out.
We have a house that I had pre-wired before the cable was even put in the neighborhood. It's a pretty large house.
And all the cable comes into a junction box and then splice and goes to all the room.
This guy comes out and cuts all the splices off, says we're all illegal, even though there's only a couple TVs in the house.
And we have two of the boxes. So he cut about $500 worth of stuff out of the house before he went new what he was doing just to say we were not supposed to be hooked up that way.
Great. And then they tell us that we would have to pay $6 for each line that was spliced in per month, whether it had a TV on it or not.
Nice people. Yep. Have a great day, pal. Bye.
1.27 at W.I. I think we got the point across. I think the almost universal consensus is that the cable companies collectively suck.
And that some made me worse than others, but they have monopolies in their own little communities and either take their service or you put up your roof antenna or your ravineers.
Or if you're real lucky, you put up your rotor antenna. Remember the days I remember I lived in Marshall, Michigan of all places many years ago.
I hope this doesn't inspire any Marshall. So you get upset. But I had because Marshall wasn't we didn't have our own TV station.
I know that comes as a shock, but it's just a few thousand people. And I had a rotor antenna on the roof.
OK. And now to me, that was exciting. And I had a 23 inch. Oh, I don't know. RCA or Sylvania at that time, a really expensive good color TV set.
And boy, that was exciting. You know, stations for battle Creek and Kalamazoo. And once it a great while, one of those Detroit channels would skip into not really.
Clearly, but I never forget those were the days when you would turn the rotor and try to pick up something and you get a real fuzzy. It was kind of like watching channel six on certain.
That real fuzzy, distant picture. You know, you just need like shadows, but it was so exciting because you were actually in contact almost with civilization. Kind of like living here. Miami. Hello.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yes, sir. How you doing? OK. On time, listener first time call me. I'll be damned. I live in T. Lark. Oh, by the way, well, good luck to you, sir. And listen. Remember life is, you know, not perfect. I took your advice and moved out of Miami. Oh, you were in Miami before.
Like I said, you're heading in the right direction, pal. I'm 91 miles up either. That's right. Fidel will have something waiting for you. Anyhow, do what I did. I had a Delphi cable and I just quit like you did with a hell. Just say no. Send it back. Turn it off.
And if enough people do that, they're right. I understand, but they're not going to do it. See, I would be I would love to start a campaign like that. But first of all, maybe I'll do it another month when I've got my satellite dish back up and got a kosher and approved and the permit and everything.
And I've got that because I would be delighted to give up the cable because I got a rabbit ears that I can pick up the local channels for what I need to see. You know.
And if you really if you want the network programs, they're up there on a satellite anyway, unscramble. I mean, anybody can pick those up and a lot more clearly than you'll get them off the cable.
But but I'm just afraid that they're really, you know, everybody talks a good game, but how many people really want to give it up? They don't want to go back to the days and not only that, but most people, especially if they live in a fairly new residence, they don't have an antenna system. All they got is the cable. So they take if you take it off, they got nothing. They got snow.
Oh, when I quit is when they decided to charge us for public television channel two. How can how can they do that? They can't do that. They did it. Call them up. If you were receiving it, it was an additional charge because they took it off. If you had the box, they took it off on the box.
So their idea was, well, disconnect the cable and hook up to your regular antenna to get channel two. Oh, that's great. That's ridiculous. The channel two has got some signal problems in some parts of town, too. They don't have the best signal.
But I figured that's public TV. Yeah, that's supposed to belong to us. Yeah. Well, basically they can do whatever the hell they want. Like Tom said, they just go ahead and do it into the counties. Just look the other way and wink and they charge. They charge you $10 to return. If they pick your box up, it's $10.
And then if you bring it to them, they still charge you the $10. Get that when you return your box. 75 of them. I just gave it back to them to hell with them. I don't need them. And for a family, they don't need.
Yeah, evidently. Okay. Well, we'll see what feedback we get. I'm a little nervous about that because I don't think most people would cancel.
But you'd be surprised at things you can do. I got six kids now. And we got over the TV. Yeah. Oh, hey, listen, I'm not suggesting that there's all that much great stuff on there. But when you've gone out and paid a lot of money for TVs and all the equipment that goes along with it, you just, you want something to be on there.
Well, the last call, if they had to cut $500, wiring out of my new house, right, it cut his hands off. Yeah, prior state. Okay, good luck. You sir 131 at W. I do a bunch of nasty folks, not nasty. I mean, surely not nasty. They deserve to be hostile because they're getting screwed royally by the cable companies.
And if there's anybody at Hollywood cable vision, listening as I speak right now, my mother gets the worst picture and has the worst service in the history of mankind.
So I told that story a week or two ago about what great service I get because they got a note on my folder that says this is near Rogers needs on a radio. And if he calls, you know, handle them with kid gloves and run out there and make sure everything is wonderful.
So all say nice things about us. And I still don't, you know, I still think that continental cable, which formerly was American cable sucks and blows. Okay, they really do horrendous.
And all of you know, some days I'll come on and say, well, a picture quality's gotten a lot better. You've heard me say that. And then a couple of days later, if you wait long enough, it'll go a bit of deteriorate and get back to being crappy again. So I hesitate to give him too many compliments.
Now the weather channel yesterday for those who like to sit for hours watching the weather channel was fantastic. You know, nobody watches it for more than a couple of minutes at a time. Top some people never watch it at all. That one comes in crystal clear.
10 has its bad days. Okay, there are days when 10 on my cable is not so great. That's crazy. Does that make sense to you? My Emmy. Hello. Yes. How you doing? Okay. What the show is pretty serious today.
Pretty heavy. Yeah. Well, we wanted tomorrow. Well, lighten up again. So I don't know if my calls can fit in. I mean, you're pretty serious for a guy who's a living.
It's 132. I don't know what he was going to say, but I just I had that tone in his voice. And I'm not, you know, I just not really ready for whatever it was.
You can hit that off, but you can't even see your hand. I know. It's faster. I don't know what he was coming up with. But I just had a feeling that voice sounded awfully familiar to me.
Anyway, April, we're going to stay anybys. He's got some incredible uplifting news headlines. You know, what do we got? Probably a few drug deals and a couple of drugbugs and some hookers on a boulevard and a couple of murders.
A few bodies in the paper just the usual run of the mill crap that makes us a great world class city like Calcutta and we'll come right back.
What is there to talk about now? Don't go far with that. Yeah. Oh, that's my old wild man. Got that house now.
What are you talking about a whole new world of whole new old WOLD? I mentioned that I said, are they still on the air? And he said, the here.
Here's to the great fun that they're still on the air. Oh, I'm glad you're here. Uh oh. I'm so glad you're here. You know why? Very, very good friend of his has let us down a garden pad. Now one of the, it's just basic.
One of the things you don't do when you're in this business. You don't go on the air and promise something and then don't deliver. Never. Now you can make an explanation and say for whatever the reason I know what's coming to you.
Now this is a very good friend of yours with whom you have this incestuous relationship. I know it's coming. And he called here and made nobody requested nobody begged nobody wanted anything.
And he volunteered and he teased it even promoted that he was going to be calling us and he was going to give us this big expose on WOLD.
And then of course there was an unfortunate thing that occurred and that was an excuse for a week because there were people who were upset and let's not, you know, rough salt in the wounds and the week went by.
Now another week and a half has gone by. And I have mentioned on the air on numerous occasions that I think we're being shined by your friend, Mr. Fowler. Well, as a matter of fact, I spoke to him really out this. That's a shock. That's a great.
Yeah, right. He was also saying on the air up there, by the way, when he isn't stealing our get by the way, his producer called Tom Jicke the other day just after we announced time was going to be on here.
What like time to come up? You don't mean Doug Young, who used to be here. You used to just love my show. You can put all three fingers down here. But anyway, what was I saying before I enter what I think right now?
I just mentioned that in past. You know, I don't say I did. I dug how you doing. You're not here anymore. Okay. We're sure glad you're not here. Don't say that. Well, you're a great guy and Steve has got his arm down his throat. Not a hotel.
It was armpit. This Doug don't believe this. Well, look at the blue bonnet. One in the middle of her chest. I don't see any other. There's the other one. He's hiding the other one. But anyway, so what happened with our good friend Lee? Just put away the.
Yeah, take you. Who's that? Was that Barbara Bush? Please make me lose my watch. This is lovely. That is that I didn't see now. There's no face on the body on the right there. But that's a great body. Is that not a great body? Yeah, I have impeccable taste. I made you. Yeah, I really do. I wanted anything. Now trust me. It doesn't do anything for me. But I can. Look, we've been through this a million times when you see someone or something that is physically attractive.
Even though the macho thing in most males is well, you know, you're not going to admit it. You know it. I agree with that. Just just. I can. I can admit that I can't just find out. You know what he says. I can. I see men that look attractive to me all the time. I think you know muscular. I can go on. Oh, and that woman who called you yesterday about the bodybuilding women. She was right. I don't I don't get that at all. I wish I could. I don't you can't. They are great. They do look like.
They don't look like in fact bodybuilding anything bodybuilding men are grotesque. I find them just absolute horrendous turn off.
Oh, yeah, I find the man grotesque. The women I can't. You know, you can't explain these things. Why do you like Brunette instead of blonde? It's taste is an.
I'm sure it's an indefinite about it. And I read what I wrote about said. But we see I like women with large breasts. And the body goes don't have breasts, but the legs. I mean, the legs are just. I bet you're a lot of.
Reenals to notice how we've gotten away. From the salient point here, which why he would not. I. I. I. I. I know. I know. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I
Yes. Yes. Here I was. Hi, Hi. Hi, hey, hey, oh. Hi, spotted. Hi. Hi, hey, gone. Hi, doggy. Hi, job,wnie. Hi, gices. Hi, screed. Hi, scenea, hi, boys and girls. Hi, hi, Figazo. Hi, Figooo. Hi, hi, oh, Gopol. Hi, Hey, hi, there. Hi, Shop aniek and guysman. Hi, here I as man. Hi,risthining. Hi, hello. Hi, expertise. Hi, Loro. Hi,2017 Good for you, strawberries. Hi, schdar. Hi, Shenh. Hi, nice to meet you, Loro. Hi, Annette. Sorry. Hi, Annette. Hi, good morning, Annette. Hi, Annette. Hi, Annette. Hi, Annette. Hi, Annette. Hi, Annette. Hi, Annette 37a, 43a
and you spoke with me just the other day and he said
i can only tell you what i know okay
he and i'll be honest with you he's not gonna call
and uh... i asked him i asked him why and he was obscure in his answer so i'm
not exactly sure the why of it but he did have a i guess they change of heart
a change of heart
now we're we're gonna be getting together on sunday that a nice way of saying
that he lied to the audience that he thought no no no no no no no no no no
it was a jade and i think he had planned on doing it no we doesn't know why does
need us call us and the man goes to mess every morning at seven o'clock
because he would never know he does not know my gosh like the times that jica
and i caught him with the format changes and he would help he would go on the
year that afternoon or that morning and say they're hallucinating and there's
absolutely no changes note
i would not lie outside of the approach all outside the business when they
are working on the but they approach me to go to work over there and thank god
it didn't work out as when we started talking money is when i stopped hearing
from them right and by the way they denied that they ever offered me a job which
was another lie
uh...
but when he approached me
i said to him what are these rumors about that smith going to orlando because
somebody had called on the air tom or somebody right
absolute untrue and she went up there to visit somebody and she filled in for one
day by by this and it and like two weeks later there she was on the year in
orlando i mean when lee tells you something in a business is untrue you can go
to the bank and back sure then you're bet again syracuse the other day on ls
even more certain than that would be the bet that lee was the uh...
and then the trip being on the air because you understand what a person is a
program director and operations manager part of their job is to be a
a way to
oh wait a minute they can be a vasa but they don't have to have out right lie about it
well if they're a vasa when you look at the yes no it's not they can just say i
don't know anything about it you know that's a lie if they do right
i mean a lies a lot that but well it depends on the degree of the least
leased directly if you that is true when he lies boy he doesn't go he didn't do a
bad one a little white one he does a big lie when he doesn't but off the air he
does not like
right he's a man of true and a rough yes i think i know this man very well
and he does not allow for the air just how well
very well he's like one of my best friends what do you think lee what do you
think lee i don't have to use the phone just off i don't know i don't know i
am going to see him this sunday and i will find out the reason and i will report
back well didn't uh it strike you bizarre that he had come on here and
spontaneous i would look on his own free will and he volunteered i think
somebody got to him i think now that is the possibility from w o l the
probably gimmickaw said look you know if you want a good reference in the
year or the right you know the value or life or something you know the
the testicles of the tentacles of management over there go way out yeah
don't don't slip and say testicles because i don't think they got any over there
but the tentacles i think is correct see lee knows too much
lee knows he has lee knows every skillet in the w o l d to my call in that
closet there's a big five over there inside wow every so many
eyes to come are they still on here this goes back 15 minutes dance your
question about what you missed about radio and yeah we talked the sunny called
in sunny fox called him he's okay i don't know what he was part of the
problem here with management over there that he came on your show was that a
no, okay i've been trying for months of it now we just squeeze him out you
know how that is you're doing real well but they don't want you because they're
paying you too much money and they that kind of stuff i can relate to it
unbelievable so they squeezed him out and not only that now they're going to
try time had an article about in the paper this more they're going to try to
enforce a one-year non-compete not only are they saying they're not only
they say that he quit which he denies doing and he's the turnies and false we
can't say too much but now they're going to say well you've got a one-year
non-compete in the market so good luck to you you're going to have to leave
which is baloney and never stand up in court
now how long did you have to set out three months three months and they paid
you they had a pay
uh... uh... no did not the three months that i said
i didn't uh... no they didn't pay me
but it was nice i like this three months i like a three month close and the
kind of gives you a nice vacation between you i think that three months is about
as long if my memory is correct that the courts in this state
will uphold a non-compete no matter what it says in here if it says a year five
years
because it's a right to work state true and i think basically the three months is
about as long as i'll go so i don't think you'll have a problem
so what it's not safe at radio and so on the block is not what you mean there's
nothing what is going on the book will be out we're going
so i'm wondering why you don't have to come on on what next Wednesday after
book him at that would have been kind of a maybe i'll have back as you do
those great the primary purpose today i figured now maybe we were wrong and
maybe we would let you know you book the guest but i my feeling was that
uh... with all the channel changes and everything it was cable and all the
different bizarre stuff going on and it would be appropriate today to and
to everybody's question and the amazing part of it is most of the conversation
was about cable and satellite digital i don't know how the people are nearly
is confused about the channel changes is the
tv stations think they are okay
i mean it's not that hard you know you flip around couple of spots i mean if
you're stupid to begin with if you're not stupid you should know by now where
to find it to begin with but if you're really dumb
you flip around a couple of channels and you'll find uh... whatever that had
you're looking for you know
see i don't relate to that too much because i don't want to let it be on the
i want to watch a lot of the movies on the page and i was right and that's about
it now you do a show movies next week
he's so we're having this fellow Eric uh... bighazian on who is the star of the
new film talk show that's opening next week and we're going to do two hours
with him
uh... and uh... talk about talk show in the two hours on rainman which i thought
would be interesting and uh... Roger herl bird will be here and i ran into
jack sterley last night he will be there to i believe
oh
because we were gonna uh...
we're gonna ask you whether you would like to ask for a lot of it seems like
you've already got
you know something i was going to let's slow down just a bit
that's what i'm at it
we ought to be able to get fifty minutes out of this that was an incredible
respite me do you think it was like a throw away
now you were in here yesterday attacking poor miss uh... mister sturdy
uh...
more than that absolutely not i said that i was that one
am i hallucinating against you but i don't have no
no you're not
no way
all of lousa may wonder just like it is i must set the record straight as well
jack does not listen to the show he has lots of friends and i didn't attack
am i just that
uh... i just that i didn't think he was coming on because there was
some confusion with sharon
and he he he was almost he coming on
i'd coming on the show i see
and uh... i was just hoping that it wasn't because he was upset with the movie
it's called talk radio what did he call it talk talk radio
talk talk talk radio talk about it
it's not upset me he's upset me
and it's neal that's had all the things that he's upset about but it's me is mad
i've never said anything about check out all the never
number one
it doesn't have a sense of humor even the people over there the weekly news
like the round because he just is overly sensitive and uh...
ridiculous maybe sensitive but there were one of the basic reasons that i have
jack on my show in the fact that i like him very much
and i have a sense of humor i mean i think no it doesn't have a sense of humor
he's terrible
he probably would have a great show if you would keep him off but again far be it
for me
we get that i'm here
we're going to know we're just going to talk about it all right well then
actually that's why he would know i can't know if he would have you have their
he just in a day
uh...
you've got to see this film talk radio will have a lot to talk about what you see
because it were all of the things that you say about the audience and stuff
like that
it's all in this film you know i mean this guy had a
so you thought it was good this i thought you said it was bad good is not the
word i would you it was it was more big more more bid and
just incredibly upsetting and traumatic
and this host was a real scumbag i mean just a really big you know like people say
i am but i'm not really i mean just this vicious like people say i am yeah both of
us really this has i heard that one's up for yesterday boy he is so chronic the one that
said that jeff charles would have been a much better child right
leedon right uh... who couldn't buy a job if his life depended on it who filled
in for steve for three days which turned into one day wasn't it today and they
uninvited them on the third day because they had so many complaints and what he
was doing was in such fort taste and such grotesque but a much superior leedon
yeah i'm so much better and yeah absolutely absolutely i'm better having a guy who's
gonna get dumped off the air after two days
they've had a scene it was so morbid and so horrible and so disgusting
that and in fact i'm gonna talk about a little bit on the air today i wonder if i'm
you know i keep saying when you come on the air she said that maybe she said i'm that way and
i've got a try to figure out when you come on the air and you're doing a thing and like this is
guilty of this too although like this has got some other talent i think he's overrated but he works
for this company so i gotta say he's got some talent but you come on here and you do things that are
so obviously i don't want to use the word contrive because we joke about your contrive debates but
i mean just opinions that are contrive like well a flag sucks let's burn the flag you know and
and stuff that is just a woman that are women that are married that don't work a horse yeah
prostitute just designed to shock the audience and to try to get some response you know it's like
that old buck Henry thing that he did on Saturday night live when he plays you know the talk to a host
you get any call right any staff with the phones he says okay let's talk about beating puppy
murdering babies and it's still in a finally got a call it was a wrong number or something like that
you have to put you have Charles reminds me of you know that same kind of thing and like
his used to do that too about hating the flag and let's release finding your mother and let's
let me use it out there is a difference though with Charles he really believes that stuff
Jeff is in on it but it doesn't come across that way no he's very contrive really just
he is just really scary i'd like to believe it was contrive but he'd be a hell of a lead in
well and uh be ever now who's he to knock that Alan Burke i heard that one too i got news for you
if you write it to mount palamart telephoto my friend you couldn't find Alan's numbers okay that's
the kind of numbers he had but the dean is a friend of w i he's where he's got a job now we don't
have to say that anymore he's got a full time job in filly and i'm sure that all the 90-year-old
plus folks are delighted to have somebody to speak to now right they can't just talk to dr.
but i'd melt there forever the dean is a nice man he is a pussy cat he really is totally now
there's another guy totally different off the air that he is on here what i'm on the air nobody
else needs to be on the air now Sharon's gonna get upset you're making fun of her dean now
that's your love zone she does not love that you know the interesting thing about this you want
to hear the great part about the show and where you walking your whole day the talk show host in
this particular movie is having an affair with his female producer you know interesting and
how are you trying to tell that was the thing that upset Sharon the most when she saw the
function oh they were having an affair and there's some kind of an announcement that's coming here
no no no not at all no no Sharon I her buddy Sharon's cute as a bug she's a terrific and every
guest that comes in here he lives on a boat tries to seduce her and is in love with her and come
from the wrestlers to mr. x everybody is trying to get inside her pants but she and i just
say that mr. x is trying to get you so i wouldn't mind you oh that's not girl she's right there
she's right about it got her finger down her throat to her arm to her armpit now that's now you're
making that up you're not making that up she's making gagging oh yeah there she goes your tongue is
down to her now just wait to meet mr. z oh there goes breakfast no i'm canceling love with it
blanchored 152 at w i would think we talk about the melting pot for a moment or two
for you well i'll be damned brothers it's 156 already should we take one more call one more
well from coral springs it's got to be great hello yeah hi Neil like i told you it's a great call
right yeah great call what do you want to think from a great American great American actually i'm not
American i'm a Canadian well that's oh really i know i knew it's coming now but you now wait a
minute you don't sound like a Canadian i've been here 10 years you know what can i wait when did
rest there when i was 13 okay yeah buddy i've had a chance to live here for 10 years i'm really
good depressed yeah i know i learned to drive down here too so you really can't make that much
fun of me anyway i gotta talk to the birds for a second yes why did you call it yesterday i didn't
get through it was about big breasted oriental women yeah okay if there is one her name is Kim
she lives in pompano really this is the finest girl you ever saw she didn't yeah
haha in fact anyone who wants to see her now wait a minute what does she do does she do something
professionally no she doesn't do anything professionally but nine out of ten wait a minute what
do you mean Kim is part American that's when they got you know Kim is she part American assuming
that no she's not part American okay she's full oriental right all right all right all yeah nine out
of ten times you can see her at summers on the weekend uh huh this is how i met her she is
board i thought i just passed that now you have like a passing a relationship with her or you
you just met her i saw the wet t-shirt contest actually oh yeah that probably gave you some pretty
good insight yeah good insight on that anyway i thought i passed that on to you and um i never
heard of yourself i never heard of such a thing that the first one i'll guarantee you they're
going to be crowded as hell this weekend they can be witness for yourself all right all right all right
thanks a lot thank you so glad you took one more night time it was going to be a real
wonderful that was fantastic sure well and we not only found our full-breasted oriental young lady
but we actually even have like zeroed in on her yeah and so it's possible i didn't think it was
possible that not you know you're going to be over there this weekend to check it out possible but
let me just say that we weren't that was not a complaint yesterday it was just an observation oh yeah
we're not complaining oh in fact far from it i'm gonna say it again the idea this notion that
people have to have gigantic anything kind of organs or memories or whatever right is ridiculous
in fact if they're too big it becomes a turn off i think the most people now there are some people
got a fetish and they could never be too big they could be a woman could have watermelons okay fine
or a guy could be walking around with a fire hose you know and they're just there's some people
out there that are with that but you know what they say different strokes is that what they say
for today again we thank Tom jico for a good three hours and uh Steve is going to be coming along next
to um what did he say was going to do uh mop up the uh mess or something what did he say now
open phone he wasn't talking about the stuff on the floor because he and Zagaki have been
feuding about the coleslaw yeah now he's got an open phone day no i understand them but didn't he
give us a hint or am i i guess i'm dreaming okay let's be hallucinating now well it was all that
talk about leaf founders that's me that gets me just while i think lee you all us an explanation
not an apology because you're certainly entitled to change your mind but i think that you always
at least even if you make it up even if you lie through your teeth it's just unbecoming to a man
if you're a talent and you're notoriety and the tremendous he's gotten more notoriety just calling
in on this show than he ever does in his own show so i think again it's just an open invitation will
be waiting with vaded breath for tomorrow we have something unusual a morp four open hours really
is very rare on this show so lee we'll keep that line eight i know that's also unusual it might be
open from time to time we'll try to keep it open for you as much as possible and i know the whole
audience will be holding their collective breaths have a great day stay tuned for Steve we'll
see you tomorrow morning at ten here on six ten w i o d
