okay no time for foolishness today boy we really got to some heavy duty
stuff to do today right
uh... like what
now we do we have a lot of things talk about first of all the uh... bottom
editorial in the heraldous morning howl and a little versus nea rogers i guess
is a backhanded the piece of support very backhanded very much him
it's interesting the thing where it says the attacks on the city and it's
older people escalated and became uglier
which is an outright lie because they didn't escalate they didn't become
uglier and that we haven't even talked about howl and a little for the last
uh... year and a half basically other than the little stuff that we play the
stick
but nonetheless the bottom line is they've got a right to change stations
are turned
off and i guess uh... you know
for the heraldous really great
uh... also there's a letter to the editor and at other famous on campus paper
which we won't even mention anymore eric
who is a junior dm we thank eric for his thoughtful and sensible letter
good letter light a long in the uh... sunset will has an article
halem dale seeks crosswalk to curb jaywalkers
which i think is really uh... the commission agreed to spend thirteen thousand
dollars to erect a four-foot high wooden fence
and three cross walks between northeast fourteen to have an inlaying bullivard
there were installed in april of eighty eight
after six pedestrians were killed as they tried to jaywalk across east
allen they'll be full of art
two more killed in jenuary eighty seven
and two more in june
but i guess that was just a big joke that we were talking about people getting
killed jaywalking and howl
we were hallucinating again
also i've got a letter here from martin from bcc whose handwriting is just
like adam from hollywood
this is the letter talks about my poor grammar
i was going to read it and then i'm sitting here and i thought to myself for
that handwriting looks so familiar
and then adam from hollywood who keeps writing to tell me that i say grotesque
too often
and then on alternate days rights that i don't say it often enough
so martin
slash adam thank you so much for your thoughtful letter
but we just don't have time to get into it
today
also yesterday one of the true radio slime balls in the history of this
industry was appearing on the steve keenshow
and i was listening to it
on my way home and then in the house i turned it on until he left just to see
how all you know how often the attacks would occur
there's some people if you could be talking about
brain surgery inside beryl
and so they would somehow manage to drag me into the conversation rick citer
minne is one of those people
uh... the word through the grapevine is that i'm not saying this to promote him
i'm saying it because i have some comments to make about it
word through the grapevine is that w j n o which is losing and i don't know
whether i should use that word losing their afternoon drive guy
uh... jeff
charles who
it stays about four or five weeks at every stage that he works at any their
leaves of his own accord or is asked to leave
uh... the word is that mr. citer minne allegedly is going to be replacing him
up there released that's uh... the rumor
what is true
uh... it's going to be great for us because he'll give me more publicity in
pombi chanye than i've ever had because i'm sure that he'll never be able to
allow a day to go by uh... without doing his usual personal vitriolic attack
against me
of course was interesting with bob quen's terrier today had the two of them
kind of become a solebrothers he's to take all of these unrelated douche bags
these uh... chronic uh... regulars
and kind of ties them all together
and so really doesn't get into different and making difference what the
principle is anymore it's just the the common thread that they all have is that
they hate me with a passion
which is why steve once upon a time was so friendly with a certain attorney of
ours who
uh... isn't too fond of me
and now that i'm here is uh... finding himself on the other side of the fence
but at any rate uh...
citerman made his usual obnoxious attacks yesterday and i'm not going to
dignified by defending or responding
but i will just say this for rick citerman to call me or anyone else a big it
is one of the most
incredible jokes in the history of the human race okay here is one of the most
home of virulent homophobic people
i have ever met in my life and of course now with mister cunstier who's his new
found pal his male bonding buddy if you pardon that expression uh... he denies
that he's homophobic it's just that having met niel roger suddenly made him
like this well i got news for you uh... i've spent about a total of five
minutes of my lifetime in the presence of mr citerman other than one show
that he appeared on his a guest at w i n z i think he was a guest if i can recall
oh yes he came as a guest representing the republican party of date county
but other than that outside of that program i've spent a total of five
minutes in his presence i think that time was when he walked into the studio here
when um... were you on with me that day or time jica
when i was on with steve before we came on the air here yeah i wasn't and i came
in and picked up the microphone on that and tried to himself to be on the show
yeah i miss that but other than that uh... rick citerman didn't know a damn thing
about me i've never spent any time with him thank god i have no intention of
doing it um even though when i first came here i was being pressured by a certain
a party to uh... become part of that little
could a re of uh... miss it and uh... you know
here's a guy who is a and out it out homophobic i think he even challenges
mike topsin in that category that's really saying a lot
white topsin in this community is one of the real champions there are some
others but uh... i think citerman is right in there
and back in the days when surely speller berg was on w k t and then with the late
john broward on uh... two or three different stations uh... he continued his
vitriola comophobic attacks against me and against a gays in particular
but now of course he uh... just discovered that it's only against me uh... since
he's found a good buddy and mr. kunst uh... mr. kunst of course never
defends anyone if they don't happen to be one of his um... underlings and since
he only has about three or four underlings obviously uh... they are the only
people who are involved in so-called gay rights etc but it's not worth going
into a long thing about but i did hear it
and i was not surprised okay because the man is just unable to um... control
himself and evidently the reason steve steve was unable to control himself
yesterday because with these rumors spreading that this individual very
shortly is going to be having his own show and we know the people of jano
certainly wouldn't allow him to even call in because they're so paranoid up
there they won't even let me call him nisho
uh... so that was his last
gas of having mr. x on the show and believe me
fifty cents of by a real cool cup of coffee okay
it's a problem it's past ten at w i o d also craig was here yesterday with a
great day and uh... really hope that he lands something very soon i hope he
doesn't want up on a street for a long period of time like some other
friends of mine in the business because he just
he's too nice of a guy and too good of a talent to deserve being out on a
street and the reason i mentioned that is because here allegedly they're
gonna hire they got an opening a jano and they're gonna hire a guy who at best
has been a weekend and fill in person uh... ultra right wing virulently homophobic
and i guess he fits in with a jano mentality up there with a pattern of what they
want to appeal to but here stand majors out of a job
craig warthing's now available and they're going to put a guy like that and so it
goes to show you what kind of uh... typical folks there up there and what this
business is all about okay but you're right he will do entire series about you
on a question about it because he is obsessed yeah he is obsessed with a
hatred toward me that is just a beyond belief just as some of steves other
friends and guests are obsessed with that same hatred as i said that seems to
be the common thread that ties them together i don't want to mention ellis because
uh...
well no it's obvious i mean there was a show about a year and a half ago at least i
got room wind of it when we were on uh...
they were on zeta
maybe an i and z and my name came up of course is it so often used to on that show
as it even did again yesterday in the conversation and uh... ellis became allegedly
this is what we were told became so uh... emotional and apoplectic of what
discussing me that he had a walk out in the hall
take a little breather because he was so uh... hysterical about me i have no idea why
although the common thread again seems to be homophobia
and uh... i don't think he would deny that because his track record on that in this
community is legendary
anyway it's ten thirteen we're going to be on that uh... channel seven thing
inside story at seven o'clock tonight for probably about thirty seconds
right now if your car is looking old
and
and the
right
and i thought this car now if these people are going to keep giving us these
cards that are so loose
this is from our friends chronic productions which is the board of two of
them better to play little games and we just appreciate it so much but i mean
well if it's right in with this week this has been a technical week of
the station
that's like an ongoing nightmare i mean i just uh... can't believe that all
of us been going on and i love the uh... have you noticed in the news now that
bob sopare is like in a little box member senior wedges
he's got a little head in the box
yeah and every time anybody starts to the news sopars starts talking except when
they call for him then he's not there but when they're doing the news all of
a sudden sopare mostly uh... freezing today and all that stuff it's just one
a week this has been more incredible
anyway before we get to anything else we have uh... something monumental here
ladies and gentlemen doesn't happen too often but you have probably we won't
get any calls today because our whole audience is retired now
and they're off to spend their riches but yesterday we continue plug it away
in spite of our bad racing luck at Gulfstream and uh... the bird in the fifth
race gave you heavy chalk nine to five eight to five of the fanaties but he won
wire to wire basically yeah that's all that man one by two lengths paid five
twenty and then if you would have been a hundred let's see if you figure out a
parlay is anybody got a pen now we don't have a pen well let me try to do it
my mind if you would have bet a hundred to win on vanities there would be two
hundred and sixty if you would have parlay let's say just bet two hundred of
that on feline of pain with pizu and the sixth race which i gave out yesterday
you get four four four four four four four four four four four four four four
one up with almost two grand for your two hundred if you would have parlayed
those two races that we gave in the fifth and the sixth feline of pain four
fourteen eighty how do you like that unbelievable huh
unbelievable you know uh... we really got your rich yesterday if you had any
brains at all and then of course the main thing oh a hot tip on the horses from
vinyu vinyu vinyu yeah yeah come on vinyu we're on the radio here we don't
have time for you shmuz in there what's the story okay listen
you ready for this one now yeah okay um in the seventh race okay wait a minute
island escape in the seventh it's going to be uh... what are you talking about in the seventh
race that was yesterday oh wait a minute wrong one oh my god
by the way vinyu ran second vinyu is he gone that was a hot tip yeah thanks a lot vinyu hot tip he
ran second baby he was uh... heavy heavy chalk and he got beat what a douchebag vinyu
i'll give it even better one in the second race yesterday bitter rule with noony as eighteen
twenty i'll even tell you what it'll pay okay i like these people and my buddy mike
and zalas in the fourth race nurse on call he'll pay ten twenty okay
it's like the woman had called that day and we get the horses from the previous day she wanted
the uh... previous days she was going out there and we gave her all the winners yeah that was
incredible there my thing anyway what was that about to say before vinyu called with that great tip
there's a hot tip for your ladies and gentlemen in the seventh race yesterday island escape he might
get beat but i personally like blonde in a motel myself would perret for seven bucks in the seventh
race anyway what was i starting to do before we got sidetracked there i was going to talk of
chorus at length about the a channel seven piece which i'm ecstatic about was on last night
somebody is not too happy because his face kept getting blocked out totally well see what you're
forgetting is that the guy who did the pieces from upstate new york so he didn't like me with you
that's correct you're getting even with you for all the nasty things that you've done to upstate
new york people and uh... you were just every once in a while you'd see like a little piece of the
bird act background yeah fat rich was there prominently in the foreground over and over and over again
so you're just jealous is what it was not a sensational piece it wasn't good it was sensational
i agree they didn't rip anybody to be honest with him which is so unusual rc's pieces go this good but
no great one all viny's back yeah what do you want
i miss that i'm a man of the day yeah i'm a fan of the seventh race today going on six to one
fabulous fan he with mic and zalas that's it to maryle horse you're going to win a lot of money i
got to go i got people here to buy bivini fabulous fanny in the seven but my point is that you
would have thought a minute aren't you impressed you just gave us a horse at six to one in the
morning line with mic and zalas no less i'm impressed with his first tip yeah i like the first one a
lot better yeah it's still it's still making a desperate drive in a stretch bany but i don't think
he's going to quite get there okay we got to do a little break here let's do things on time and try
to run i now let me just see something okay all the people that saw the piece on channel seven last
night and we see a little emotion on the phone here because yesterday i needed that piece last night
to be honest with you because the show yesterday was the colors were so bad that i think we said
new look at this look at this the three lines in date were already lit there's one one person saw
there's a bokeh i'm not going to give you the numbers you know what the numbers were already okay
don't play this hard to get there's uh seven oh there they go yeah for you people you're there
sharp as a matsu ball today let me tell you that it's eleven past ten at w i b if i have to
earn more james taylor and johnny rivers records man i mean enough is enough anyway we're just
talking about the business here johnny dark is here not to be on the air just to eat of course
because uh well look we feed unemployed radio people on this show we have a long standing record
doing that we believe in that by the way if you've got some blankets and sweaters the committals
haha i'm not joking about this they need them desperately they ran out of blankets last night at
there and tonight's going to be even colder than last night which i think should be illegal in this
state but um so if you've got some blankets and the sweaters either of the above or both take them
on down call a committals house make arrangements to get them down there before tonight because
they desperately need them okay okay it's ten fifteen i can't believe this all the lines you'll let
as soon as i mentioned johnny dark's name like a hot i got blushed because they were afraid that we
were going to talk to johnny on the air it was kind of like the old forever the mike spindle syndrome
mike was tremendous for that you could be sitting here dying not have a call on the board and
mention that mike spindle just came in and every line would light up not to talk to mike but just
to avoid that mike will get on the air okay just to make sure that we would take calls true that's
the anyway channel seven i thanked them profusely that was a good segment on inside story is that
the right name of the show or that story it was on last night and it was the longest piece it was
the last piece but it was a long segment four or five minutes on are you out of your mind it was
about much longer than that one of the five seven or eight minutes holy to tell our business all
yeah amazing guaranteed and and they had sunny rose and bergona sunny would you like to see my
hate mail i'd be more than happy to show you it gets one anonymous card there which was a horrendous
thing with swastik is on it and right away the suggestion as well the comedy has gone too far how
how'd you like to see my hate mail sunny from last thirteen years see the problem with sunny is
like typical a hellendale no sense of humor none zero taking himself too seriously and of course if
you get ever did you see those bifocals anywhere there is thick is the mont Palamart telescope so maybe
that's part of the problem okay i i agree it was a good piece but i do want to say what just one
all here we go another try are you going to embarrass and humiliate yourself in front of the entire
audience and be childish and juvenile because you didn't get on it wasn't a piece about you or
i really have a piece about the show was about me i understand that and it wasn't your way into
a lot of other things and you were and when they showed the thing at i and z not only were you on
there but even mark kiln was on there well which was my only complaint about the piece the fact
that we had to see mark kiln and did you notice how fat i was in that thing at i and z did you
see that yeah boy i had a puppet the size of my rush more the size of our lean rosses but
go ahead go ahead and do it i'm not going to interrupt
well i'll i'll sound like it's sour grapes oh well see i've been trying to avoid you doing that
you're part of the show so if we get some free publicity when we work for this station you got
any publicity you get as a bonus by the way john thank you so much for the beautiful business card
this is one of steves listeners by the way this is the guy who was in here with the space queen
and dean or whatever he has sent me business cards that are so shocking now when we go let's see a
week from tomorrow i think or sunday we're going to be a Toyota Hollywood steven i'm going to
sign these just to get rid of them we got a thousand pink cards and what they say is nil that's
all it says in little tiny print it looks like the the size of the w n n audience on there that's how
small that john thank you so much they're beautiful and the pink of course adds a little
touch that i couldn't do myself we got a mobile and bokeh hello oh nil yes sir oh i just
wanted to tell you so that piece last night and you were terrific wasn't either i thought it was
very fair uh i thought it was up front didn't knock you or just all things the way it was and uh only
thing the birds should have sent himself a little more maybe it'll give them a little more coverage
you know exactly if he would have just stood up and said hey you jackass i'm over here too why don't
you take a you know a couple of shots of me but he just sat there early as you were just being
oblivious we saw him cacol and that was uh fine back by accident yeah yeah also if you see boon
today uh tell him i ate there again last Friday after uh i heard you talk about it it was a second
time there and it was terrific science dog correct answer all the only thing is uh every time i'm
there everybody's there for the first time because they heard about it on your show well there's no
problem with that that's the idea that's what it's all about it's running out of curry pop oh that's
great stuff boy well we got uh past week coming into the day joe is going to bring a little feast
for everybody in the building and we got pizza from Jupiter and we got dessert from your reign as
haha kind of a um interplanetary a feast here today okay okay you have a great day oh god
i'm not touching that line with a 10 foot pole 10 19 at w i o d we have it opening in boca now this
is more causing we had all day yesterday isn't it well yesterday was just today not to be here
yeah really how do you know they're legitimate well you're right one that's correct that's more
than we had all day yesterday in fact once we should have left after my neighbor right in the
beginning of the show oh also i'm not can't disclose it today because it was off the record but i
was just told some very interesting and positive news from the University of Miami really some
information that'll be coming on a couple of days huh 20 minutes after 10 at w i o d we got a
mobile in Palm Beach hello and i told you we had some good calls there and i want to ask you
some i'd be a friend's mom will see a party you don't know i have his mobile phone yeah how can
they say you know brothers are out of talk so like what i mean i'd be tired listening to your
y that you know the need you cool dude oh okay nipsy have it i stay 20 past 10 at w i o d the
Palm Beach Line is open. That's one of the best calls we've had on the Palm Beach Line
in a long time by the way, which should really tell you a lot.
655-9463-655-WIOD. I bet you the people at JNO are really pissed too, the fact that
we were on Channel 7 actually penetrates it a little bit into Palm Beach County.
And if anybody up there saw it in Palm Beach, they're really going to be paranoid over there.
Because at JNO, they want to be the only station on the air.
They want to be the only guests on the air. They're just, they don't, you know, they're
not selfish or anything. They just want everybody else to go away.
And then they still only have a 10 share, which I don't understand.
If they were the only station, they would have a 10 share.
Which means the other 90% of the people would just go on protest.
Hey, listen, talking about a great, great restaurant.
I don't know if you've ever eaten. I mean, you talk about unglued.
Anyways, 23 past 10 at WIOD. Johnny Dark is here.
And look at this. Now, what is this? If this is what I think it is, I'm going to be very excited.
It is. Oh boy, Bob Savage. You're a wonderful American, a great guy.
And here it is. It's my past two. Highly.
Boy, am I excited about that. Let's see. Highly opens on March the fifth that
should be. Shouldn't it? No, it's March 8th March 8th and runs through May 28th.
And I can't wait for that. I was going to say, I love, you know, I love Gulf
Stream, which I do. And I love, um, highly and not the city so much, but I love the
track and the flamingos and the racing. Beautiful. And it is beautiful.
It's breathtaking, magnificent. And well, look at that.
Actually, two passes for the price of one. Well, I'll sell one here on the show's
over. Okay, it's 1024 at WIOD Miami. Hello. Neil. Yeah.
You look really good on TV last night. Yeah. I'm sure.
But I tell you that lady she had it in for you. What lady is that?
The one who wrapped the story. Oh, yeah. She seemed to think that you were going
to spend some time in jail or she wanted you to spend time in jail.
No, that wasn't her. That was somebody else we know in radio land, not her.
Well, I just thought I'd show you some support and give Helen Dale held that old man.
I tell you that old man, Sonny boy, just keeps rolling along, doesn't he?
He was all right. Yeah, he's a panic. Well, it's nice to know. You know, I think he's
appropriate for Helen Dale. I mean, let's face it, if they had a teenager for mayor
in Helen Dale, it wouldn't quite fit, you know? Okay, keep it up now.
Okay, I'm trying by. Now look at that. We've had three calls in a row.
And another second one was good for a couple of laughs.
This guy sounded young and human and fairly rational. I can't believe this.
Well, seriously, have you ever been able to figure out all the years you've been in the
picture? You don't do talk shows. You play music. So you don't have to depend on the
callers, but you've seen the way it happens. It comes in waves. Now, here we got four
million people within the sound of our voice. No, no two of whom have anything in common,
whatsoever. They don't speak to each other. They hate each other. But when it comes to
the way they respond and this from the first month, I was at KT, of course, in the
beginning, there's the honeymoon period. Oh, you're a breath of fresh air.
But after a couple of weeks, surely, you know, then there were those days when nobody
on the station could buy many calls. Now, does there anything logical that explains
that to you? No, but it's true. It's true. It comes and goes in in streaks. And I
noticed yesterday it was a very, very bizarre day. And you know, Monday and Tuesday, we sat
down here and never had to give the numbers out. And again, today, for whatever reason,
they're making a gigantic comeback. Like they're getting their last wind. Oh, yes, Dave,
it's like the worst since we've been here. Like I said, their last wind. Is his mic
gone, by the way, I don't it is. It is. He's speaking into the mic. No, he talks real
way in a minute. Yes, what? Yeah, I'm there. Oh, you're there. I'm just like off in the
background. Yeah, but you know, those, uh, disjockey types, you know, they like, um, in
tone way off in the background because they want to hear the voice bouncing off the mic.
I didn't you say yesterday it was going to be a, uh, just a very short piece on Channel
7. I thought so. And so I didn't watch it because you said it was going to be real short.
You didn't watch it. Well, I do happen to have it on videotape. Okay. Five bucks of seating.
I'll be more than. Well, I'll you to watch. Well, you don't watch seven. You have this
like strange. Oh, KT is in a control room again. Now Marvin, don't, don't speak to him.
Dispretending he's not there. Ignoring him. Don't tell him what time any spots are
on the log because sometimes we have to move him around a little bit and he gets these,
he gets his clients all emotional and all their lives. It was not in the right time. We
give him a three minute spot. Okay. And right away, I was not on the right time. You
to see, we don't do the spots, KT for you or the client. We do them for the audience so
they can go in there and spend their money and have all those delicious meals and whatever
else it is. They're buying. Don't tell them anything, Marvin. I got the time. Tom, we
already did it. Tell them we already did the spot. Don't tell them anything. Okay.
There he comes. The pick a time out of a hat. Good. That's what we got rid of him. Okay.
It's 1028 at W.I.O.D. and we want to welcome Dennis Collins over at WNWS. We're sure he's
monitoring today. We want to welcome all of people over at the Winds and Zeta. We heard
that they're listening. Say hi to Stan and Laurie who are on their way up the coast for
little trip today. Who else do we want to speak to? Certainly all the people at the big
stations like the Motivation Station, WKT, all of the people who sit inside the automation
machines on some of the famous stations. We want to say hi to them because we know as
soon as we have some numbers here, man, we're going to just puke them out on the year
all through the show. Yeah. Bill Wise is here. He's actually going to say hi to Rose
Folger because I know that he gets the numbers second hand from Arquil and he'll probably
get him faster from us. Okay. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Miami. Yeah. Neil. Yes, sir.
Yeah. I'm calling up here from Franklin Aviation out here next to the Miami International Airport.
Yeah. Yeah. What I'm calling about is we're trying to put a chalk down, take them off
a watch. Now I'm in chalk airlines. They've been there since 1930. I know. It's ridiculous.
Yeah. Don't you think? Yeah. Are you a bummer? Yeah. We make all the parts for them
is what we're doing up here. I don't think they ought to do that. I'm with you, pal. Yeah.
All right. Thanks for having me. Okay, man. Bye. Great call. Good one. It was. It was. It was good.
He's got a point. I agree with him. They're really trying to screw up this town. And by the way,
Bryant Gumbel, get out of town already. Will you and take that big fat Willard Scott with you too.
Much of douchebags are they come in here. They bring all the cold weather from the north. That's
why we got this cold snap because of the day show. That's right. Don't play my pals over at CBS.
They're good folks. Okay. It came down for derailleur. Great folks. It's NBC and the peacock fluid
down here with a molecule weather. So take it back where you came from Jane and Bryant. And
especially Willard. That willard. I've got to tell you she did it. They did a piece this morning.
Jane Paulie did it on the keys and they had an environmentalist on and some developer.
They were on and hear these poor guys that get all dressed up in their suits and they come all
the way up here and all of this but they were on a matter of seconds TV and like in the middle,
but the point is before they came on, they had Willard Scott outside with the Cliff. What's his name
from Channel 4? The guy with the roadmap on his face. And they're yucking it up and laughing and
bouncing around and they're using Willard's head as a bowling ball and just you know and all kinds
of time. Nothing about the weather of course because Willard doesn't really do the weather. He's just
at the clown and they must have done three or four minutes of that crap and then these poor guys
come on and they're trying to do an intelligent piece and they each said maybe 20 seconds worth
or whatever and Jane says well and of course we thank you so much for sharing that with us and
we'll be back in 844 on today on NBC. They weren't on for a minute between the two of them okay
I'm not exaggerating not for a minute and their priorities on that show are so screwed up man. I
mean who the hell are who the people producing that crap? She doesn't listen to what the guest says
either. Well then I have time to listen to what the guest think because they're all goosing her like
hey it's time to get off man the peacock is goosing her which is why she always looks under
duress. If you're being goosed for an hour and a half you'd be under duress too it's 1031
at WIOD is a Bryant 1037 at WIOD so those are the first numbers off the computer WIOD
48 to a 47 so that's basically flat. Yeah we don't know what we didn't this day part yet we'll
find out shortly and GTR over there went from what did you say a 28 to a 39? Something like that.
So they evidently straightened out that flutant that they had when they interviewed only people
under the age of three. Anyway we have an open line in Broward 524 well it does happen you
know those diary fallouts that's what the Rose has been saying for two years now but somehow
they just aren't buying it. Open line in Broward 5249463 524WIOD West Palm Beach hello. Yeah this
is right from Forstay and Lucy and I got my wife hooked on your show she's probably listening
right now. What's your name? Lynn she's a visiting nurse. Lynn? Lynn she loved you. How you doing Lynn?
Anyway you know you're talking about Bryant Gumbo and them and I call him Bryant Gumby and they
got such a corny set update they always start the show with a real serious conversation for about a
few seconds and then what you're saying like one day they said well we're going to have this
thing about crayons being poisonous you know and so I got kids and I was thinking oh I can't
wait to hear this but they started to talk about a bull on there and they never even got to it
and this day I don't know. Well that's because Willard was doing a six-minute routine. Yeah but anyway
that they ought to replace those people I don't know. Well the show is doing very well don't you?
Yes number one great in the morning for whatever well first of all part of the reason they do
great is because Kathleen Sullivan is busy getting ready to cry on CBS and when you get up in the
morning you don't want to look at somebody who looks like she's been crying for half hour. Yeah
she always looks like she's been crying or she's about to cry she's got that sad look and of
course the guy who's with her Harry Smith or whatever his name is. He has the typical CBS
pseudo intellectual look that most of America can't relate to it all he looks like a college professor
or something America doesn't want to see that they want to see a a a wacko like Willard Scott. Yeah
most of the TV stuff is just trash anyway you know it's because they're way better. You love every
minute of it. But anyway you got a great show and you know keep keep up the good work.
Okay so I had all my pals in Port St. Lucie and tell them there's a big sheet sale this weekend.
See you later. 1040 at WIOD we have an opening in Palm Beach which has been pretty damn active
already 655 WIOD don't you think we ought to be getting something tangible now?
What do you mean? I mean Mike Disney just came in and he smiled and puked and made
a little tap dance there but shouldn't we be getting like a copy of something should we have like
Sharon or somebody running up and down the hall so that we can have this breaking news
it'll break it'll break just be patient it'll be it'll not try to be pushy or anything but I just
we like to have it as it's coming off the computer well this will be of interest to you John
in the USA today this morning the title is the Vio thing and it says the Cincinnati Vio Rogers
the Cincinnati Clary on Hotel announced yesterday it has removed Vio from its menu because of the
conditions under which calves are raised according to people for the ethical treatment of animals
many Vio calves are chained by the neck in 22 by 56 inch crates um Robert Hobie the manager says
I'm sure if I get new how the calf spin we have a bulletin they would want the you're not going
to want to continue with that when you hear that when you hear this do you want to hear it
Sharon just brought in a bulletin from the computer oh 12 plus numbers WIOD overall 4.8 to
a 4.7 probably part of the area where we went down was on a weekend with the dolphins going on
although I don't know with that antique show we ought to be pretty strong
WNWS overall went from a 36 to a 32 so we beat him by a point and a half they're dropping
like a rock Paul Simon is singing like a rock mid days on WIOD we went from a 4.6 to a 5.8
oh my that's a nice good WNWS midday Sandy oh Sandy's dropping like a not like a rock like a
what do you call a meteorite okay that's how heavily she's dropping from a 39 to a 32
everyone Sandy was doing fours and fives in midday because she was unopposed virtually
she was unopposed by the way you hear my story about the dean in Philadelphia is doing so poorly that
the GM and the sales manager were both fired at WCAU because they were the ones that brought
him up there doing that bad the dean can't understand it either and now the news that you've all
been waiting for ladies and gentlemen you do have a lot of that I was too tense of a point off by
the way in my prediction I was a little high little high oh oh oh oh I wish we had you know
what we need that dramatic uh we don't have the dramatic organ music but we do have this okay the
kernel ladies and gentlemen on WZTA we left there we left them a 5.5 share in just one book the
kernel cut it in half to a two eight but now that he lost our last month there here it is I don't
even bring myself to say it a one six in the morning on Zeta from a 5.5 in one book and one
trend to a one six I think unprecedented in the enoles of radio history ladies never seen
like it incredible shocking and they turned the corner red Zeta yeah one six God from a five four
and that was a group there was a special group at U Totem that they had the diaries for the
kernel show that they couldn't find anybody that one one six that could be well it's right in
there with the all-time records we'd have to go back and check them out I would the kernel what you
know bill wise was crying in the halls when we lost the kernel to Zeta and he said to me I don't
think we can ever bounce back on GTR they got to really be dancing in kazanski next door here
because they went from a two eight they got screwed in that one month which happens one and one
but they're back up to a three nine they're knocking everybody dead over on GTR and the kernel from a
a one six God that's remember when I made Joey you see you should have stuck it out Joey at
she they should have you on now Joey be in the ballpark okay because Joey is doing one five one six
and I think Joey could beat the kernel okay I really I mean pretty close but I think Joey could do
it wait do you remember when we went to Zeta or we we started with a one had a lot to say about
you by the way no it's just a joke we started with a one with a one seven which we thought
was as low as it possibly yeah one seven we in in a year we got it up to a five five we're a number
one yeah incredible demographics and now they have a one point six here we started out here with a
three and in one book well minus two weeks we were not here the first two weeks of this
correct okay it still has two weeks of the dean carried over on it so from by three to a five eight
just about doubling the audience but don't worry you lost Paul Harvey in there but we did lose Paul
Harvey which made it a man we probably would have done an eight or nine if we'd add Paul Harvey
but we'll settle for that for the time being that's incredible boy that's gonna make some
people apple plus W snooze boy what a day this is huh goes to show you how volatile this situation is
yesterday I was ready to blow my brains out after that horrible show and today we're gonna do it
hey look at this here's a guy paying from the call from Vegas hello all right Neil hey I'm I didn't
see you were sitting there I'm so sorry I was happy to listen to you well we had some good news
there didn't we you're so popular out here I was playing uh Vegas you know I ought to be they got
enough of my mind right it's Jesus palison this lady I hear a call from an old fart
mm-hmm so I asked where you from it says deer field yeah I said you can relate to it I said you
ever got a guy named Neil Rogers is sure I listened to him all the time and so your popular
out here as well well that's great the town's beginning to hop in the big fight tomorrow yeah
I'm going to run out Bruno's getting ready to take the ten million dollar dive I thought I'd come
out here and send a few bucks you making any money uh yeah I did pretty good yesterday I meant
a nice girl you know it's easy to tell the hookers in the hotels here they're the only girls that
are friendly to you yeah they were having a great time and your shows as popular as ever out here
and I was gonna say that the only girls aren't looking for a big tip but I'm not so sure of that
yeah that's true well they just had a nurses convention here yeah yesterday and the nurses
convention is just one yeah well that kind of ties right in with what I was saying yeah that's
exactly right well I'll be damned so he did a great restaurant yeah I had a dinner at the
office take house awesome so that was great and hey by the way if you ever eaten at that great
uh French restaurant in the tropical Canada the name of which I can never remember
god is that a great place no I don't remember uh it'll come back to me any second now or any
hour okay boy they got a super I'm telling you do you go down to the tropical and make some
reservations and go up there if you want to spend if you get lucky and make some bucks it is
tremendous and it's an Italian restaurant no it's a French restaurant the best well they're
out they keep building and building here the hotels I've been out for a while yeah well listen we
got Brian Gumbel here I mean they got all the tourists out there in Vegas but we got Brian
Gumbel or Willard Scott we don't need anything else here we turn the corner like Zeta
that's it I was quite a good turn the corner yeah they're really doing it man I'm proud of them I
think we're probably doing an entire show one day next week in salute and honor to do one thing
to be good it's another thing to be consistent well listen have a great time out there and knock
them dead all right that you you're gonna knock them dead that's fight buying with yeah that's
what I mean all right we'll bring us back a bushel of money okay a bushel of money I'll bring
on suitcase full of money okay bring it over to over to Carol City I think they're going to
need it up there Carol City that's right that's the that's that resort town to the northeer
that's correct that's the every day is a party up there at the I&D and Zeta have a good one now
and say goodbye already 1047 at W I O D I can't believe these numbers I'm just
to apple plucked it six one six oh make a great promo wouldn't it one six you'll never hear
discussed on that show let me tell you that they'll never mention this even in passing trust me
it will not be mentioned on that radio station but we'll mention it one six one six
do you think I'm reveling wait a minute wait a minute you don't understand that's the
morning show I know now you must understand that they had gone from a two four to a two zero in the
fall book including when the morning was still doing a two eight yeah now that the morning is
doing a one six that means overall I bet you she beats him in this round okay me too now when she
beats you that's like a heartbeat away from being off the air okay good Lord we turned the
car he just didn't have the right 25 to 54 yeah the big audience but they want the people we want
and now they have done it it's incredible out the kernel is listing I'm sure I don't even know
the guy I'm sure he's a wonderful guy don't buy a house that's my secret I've heard the show don't
buy a house it's a god that you know I like the fact we did the five eight that's a great number
and we thank the audience again you're incredible and we're well on our way to God only know six
and seven's and who knows what else especially if they leave us the hell alone but I don't know
somehow that that number at the bottom of this page they're unzada that that even it's not
out of vengeance or hostility or bitterness well now that I think of it it probably is okay but
God anybody in the world deserves it and there's some very nice people over there at least two or
three okay but God if anybody deserves it what goes around comes around Tim Williams that's
all I can say to you that's not a bad guy if you take them out of it if you were like like I said if
you were shelling she was a Jordan Marsh you think God this is a nice guy okay in the business
a disaster yeah no but out of the business a super guy but it's Tim Williams and that whole
group of fakers over there the other ones who really deserve everything they can get okay so
again I guess they can thank our mutual buddy down there we don't want to mention his name on the
ear but the governor yourself accordingly but for the fact that created that hostile situation
and we got out of there oh jade oh more look at more ladies and gentlemen before we go into our
break I want to tell you something boy you talk about consistency oh listen to this you're
gonna you're gonna freak out this could be a record in my head in the analis of broadcast history
zeta zeta 94.9 let's get that right in the morning a one six in the midday a one seven in the
PM bm in the pm a one seven now that's that's like a straight line that's kind of like the sandy
patent show okay now let's see w i o d three to seven pm um three nine to a three seven so
Steve was almost flat about the same and the big story there was w n w s Alice from a three seven
to a three oh so Steve beat him by almost a full point twelve plus you can imagine the demographics
are gonna be incredible six to ten a m an eerie six two to a five eight so he was almost a little
dropped there would you be sure that after that gigantic flip book last time the great but still
tremendous number and the Sharon is just oh thank you so much just pouring in here let me do my
break and we can all of it stuff now all the radio people are really gathering around the radio
get your fireplace heated up ladies and gentlemen get a little wood burning in there we'll just
sit around the old the old horn here and kind of a peruse it together after we tell you that
but anyway it's ten fifty four w i o d now let me just can I just take a few moments because the
lines are sizzling there as somebody I know would say right stand the lines are hot
anyway I want to be careful enough she's morning numbers you have those oh wait a minute
well let's see this is a twelve plus okay here it is we got the whole thing right here wow
uh twelve plus w i o d with a four seven we were tied for third with qba so they don't that we
threw out the Spanish language life had a seven four as always their number one because they
played a dead people in this market you can't beat that hot oh here's the big story of the book
ladies and gentlemen that's what they're doing at power this morning you're going to be hearing a
lot of that's rough today there's another one hot 105 Keith isley strikes terror again and is
the interesting that Keith isley was let go or quit from i 95 which is now see to four and that
amazing boy they can spot the talent okay uh they have they when you hear this number you're
gonna you're gonna just believe me seven three good from a four nine to a seven three four
two four four four hundred nineteen thousand eight hundred people whoo shocking it is shocking really
uh i o d with a four seven power with a four one dropping from a four four waxy three one with
three nine they had a bit they sounding better they really are i hate to say it wrote they are
gtr two eight back up to a three nine good uh radio mum be a three eight magic i told you they
drop a little bit not much so three nine to a three eight but they're playing a lot of those
corny novelty records again man i don't want to hear novelty records kiss a three seven
cmq gloves ninety four three four to a three six joy three five y one hundred three six to a
three five i hope they took a dark dive in the morning uh ws news three six to a three two
ws news has dropped i want you to listen to this okay if you want to see a pattern this goes back
to let summer of eighty eight okay june july august w n w s five four next trend of four eight four
seven four oh three six three two uh is that is that what you call a trend
w i n z ladies and gentlemen from a three three to a three one
tmi three nobody listens to tmi just the suits pretend they do uh let's see w x dj two four to
two i guess some of that fluke from the last uh month is going to disappear over a period of time
a she overall from a two oh you notice what station we haven't gotten to yet i know she a one seven
w e a t f m which is not even in a market which is in palm beach a one six tied with zeta
ninety four point out of one six from uh from uh oh listen to this from a two five to a two
oh to a one eight to a one six all right they turned the corner yeah from when we left they had
their highest book ever a two five yeah as as it follows the next three trends two oh one eight
one six uh is that a trend unbelievable is that you think it like a pattern
shaping up f t yellow one two man there's a hot there's a hot station there's a spot on the
turnpike if you're seeing right next to their towers you can't pick up anything else and that's
where they survey people so they get a couple of diaries uh when they have traffic types they pay
people in their cars and hey here's a diary okay fill out fpl need somebody uh radio swaveo one
w m b m a point nine um oh now we got this is just a jumble as in jumble i uh life of course
beat us in midday with an eight seven but we were number two in the entire market with the five eight
in midday she is so if you take out life which everybody does that we beat everybody we're number one
a hot with a five four we even beat hot which is incredible of course well magic with a five
this is midday ten to three joy waxy four five qba um gtr with a four in midday up from a three
so they're in fact that four is the biggest number they had since summer gloves three nine
to a three seven in midday w snooze sandy who's gone from a four two to a three nine to a three two
since we come on oh sandy come on honey you can do better than that come on sandy give it a shot
would you we don't want you to leave us ever i mean ever powered three one to a two nine in midday
i don't think there's anything else here in midday there's nothing going on in midday besides
it shows eight of midday one six to one five that gonser i got to tell you he could be on a hundred
years he's good for a one five okay what says one six to one seven there well it's a mistake oh well
this is twelve plus it was damn it was a mistake they went down midday from a one six to one five
they say that we have to okay yeah okay so we're sorry about that the kernel did beat gonser it was
damn close man right down to the last damn diary but it was nippin tuck all the way and then gons
are being such a nice guys hey give it to the kernel he needs it okay and they're going to give it
to the kernel i think all afternoon drive the number one station the market ladies and gentlemen a
salute to keep eyes late that shows you if you need enough of those martian fisher eggs and
until you sooner or later and eight afternoon drive on hot 105 here's a man who came into
a station that was just like marginally hanging on now and has turned it into a monster just like he
did an i i 95 until of course a Stanley co-there hey i don't understand why you don't come in for
our meetings you're here in the middle of the night like a zombie he didn't understand the Keith
is a distant relative of Bella legosi and boy they they have blown out some of the most incredible
talent over there i don't want to mention any names i just stay in the heath eyes laying some
others just fantastic god Tim Williams god bless you man you've done everybody the biggest favor
in their lives okay anybody who leaves over there we we have like a gigantic celebration in fact
always coming in today from taster to cater our gigantic exiting zeta and wins party that's what
it's all about and w's news also we have some escapees here i see nicks sitting in there looking
confused and perplexed okay Sharon is racing in is there anything just before the news that we
should mention oh look at that 10 to 3 midday this is many team plus number one w i o d with an
eight eight all right even beating lifeless how do you like that stick that in your ear Dennis okay
here's somebody with the news and we'll come back
the old e 1106 at w i o d and let's see what we have now as we continue these are the
arbitrage trends the arbitrage is there you know and when we do these shows there's strictly for
people in the business the rest of you are superfluous at this point now we don't mean that
we've we've trained the audience they're into this stuff they now start they talk ratings lingo
yes well as the book out is the book out now this is the only market in america where people ask
such questions anyway she men plus midday at a two five down from a three three zeta had a two seven
we were number one in men 18 plus in midday with an eight eight in persons 18 to 34 which is men
and women 18 to 34 we were number sixes from a four to a five two when we get many 18 to 34
it ought to be a pretty gigantic number the the women on talk man almost impossible to get them we've
tried everything but standing on our heads and they're busy obviously hot hot had a 12 five in 18 to
34 midday gtr 10 six joy waxy power and then we had a five two zeta has gone in one book we were
number one in the morning 18 to 34 have gone from number one to number 12 with a two eight
i thought they turned the corner see i tried telling them it's like it's like when you're in a car
with somebody in there you know they think they know where they're going to say wait a minute
you're turning the corner but this is the corner on a dead end yeah yeah they say no i know where
i'm going i'm i listen don't interfere with me i don't bother me and they turn and it's like
uh you know it was like ten kennedy was driving or something great example yeah i think it's
they have merry joe kekne disease is what the problem is okay they've they've turned the corner
but they're on their way down sinking fast in a black mark of mong okay shocking okay now let's
see what else shearing and excuse me those of you on the phone i'll get to you don't don't panic
i see a couple of people dropping off which makes me very nervous and insecure three to seven
this is many teen plus number one life six eight number two Steve Kane eight six two great okay
followed by GTR with a five nine geez oh this i'm telling you this outfit here they got to be having
a gigantic party now joe when he comes from taft street doesn't realize he yet but he's catering
our ratings party here our celebration at wio d slash wgt filthy r hot had a five two an afternoon
driving eighteen plus men magic a four eight down a little bit see magic i'm telling you you guys
had it made you were just knocking everybody dead but you start playing those stupid novelty records
just would go and if you just would go back and into doing what you were doing well you'd
just in well you'd start bouncing back up and start bouncing back up again far be it for me to
tell them okay let's see three to seven men plus do you think that zeta's wins from a three one
to a two eight are you listening stand from a three one down to a two eight w snooze from a three
four down to a two nine and many teen plus and they have no boy Alice is just taking a swandhi
a y100 from a three out of a two four and afternoon many teen plus she two nine to a two four
if we found the zeta did i get the number yet no oh yeah two eight down two nine to a two eight
and that's the name of that two okay what do we got eighteen plus well now we're getting into
individual demographics like a night at night time we don't want to we'll get into that
what are we trying little hand signals there yeah that's all about maybe you can okay uh Johnny why
don't you uh do your thing there and do something useful before the food comes good to exercise
john i can't hurt okay seven of midnight uh man eighteen plus does this mean anything life hot
no not much edr gloves wins five three down to a four four waxy etc iod five one to a four four two at
night uh many teen plus but then there's not a hell of a lot going on that's not an excuse but there's
not much going on other than the tom snider and rush limbaugh we didn't have too much sports anyway
it's eleven oh nine at w i o d we'll take a couple of calls here we have one in brown or the line
open there five two four nine four six three the Palm Beach lines are wide open again now which is
shocking uh there goes bokeh Palm Beach is six five five w i o d six smart look at that there's a
quite good around looking like he knows what planet he's on uh he is just ecstatic i can't
understand why well he took that flute month out of there now both stations are just kicking ass
and uh what can i tell you is he's eight this morning numbers yeah yeah really turn that corner baby
uh and we have the a toe truck is on its way to put pull them out right now uh my any hello
good morning hi congratulations thank you this is end well we're kicking some serious butt in i mean it's
great and i want to congratulate you on the tv program last night it we laughed it was so good
and we're shocking it was so good it really was because when you said you was going to be on
we thought well they're going to do a number on it yeah i like they usually do but we got you
know the thing about channel seven they know they're close right next door and that if they
didn't number we could go over there and let them have it you know right but it was really good
and that's funny he is something else isn't he well that when you look at him doesn't it make you
thinking immediately of halendale uh huh yeah yeah that's what i think of and uh we saw the bird
you did just barely yeah he sneaked in there yeah plan you was on we saw you yeah they saw you
almost this hot really yes it was good that's briefly you know they have that very fragile lens in
that camera no it was good and uh you know the ratings are wonderful congratulations
and uh we really enjoyed it well we're kicking some butt in spite of it all you know what i mean
right me oh by the way did you get a chance to see that tape uh that tape was not the one we were
looking for i appreciated it because there was part of that that i hadn't seen that was the metro
commission meeting we were looking for the halendale meeting no i told you it was metro oh i see
but no i i'm glad to have it because the beginning was part that i hadn't seen where the individual
would not sit down and kept the rambling on but i i appreciate it right and did you had you like the one
of the community college oh yeah that brought back some great memories yeah good old dick capon
thanks to million and okay i haven't had it any day you two 12 minutes after your uh let's see
midday 25 to 54 persons 10 to three of wiod 45 to a six nine number two in the market six nine
that's persons men and women when men comes it ought to be real interesting
wiod wiod wiod 1 8 to a one five oh oh boy whoa wow that's sandy the lowest number in six months
they went to number 21 in the market persons 25 to 54 midday so not only are they dropping like a
rock but they're aging so rapidly that the supply of fiber one over there is in desperate state
they may have a run on fiber one if you pardon that experience incredible 12 minutes after
11 at wiod if you want to be 11 15 we're still waiting for morning numbers for us to 10 a.m
we know we're in area had a five eight so mike is still right up there uh at or near the top that's
another tremendous and he's been doing it for so long that's the amazing part of it bookian
and book out what he got nobody can figure out yes tell you about a top you don't know what our
news department is coming to but this is what they're sending me okay let's see impotence
anonymous well it should be gone to nw s into the newsroom while they must have heard about henry
on his hands and he's on the floor okay look at that topic penile prosthesis can we say that on the
air wow gale brought that in and she was grinning from ear to ear when she brought it down too okay
well we'll be passing a little more about that later on in the show and of course some of the stations
in town who are listening right now who are obviously ratings impotent may be interested in
attending that seminar okay very good perhaps a little implant at this point okay let's take a call
from Kendall hello me how you doing hey we're doing it hey i've been dancing at kazaki for the past
two days i put 200 big ones on the take on the sixth race yesterday did you really yes
feelin of pain yes sir i'll be damned 1480 for 200 i'll take it any day did you really put
200 on that horse 200 right on the nose why because i said so yes you do oh my god
it was my second day i go to the day i have very grown and i and i had catched jack here's a guy
second time he ever went his life anyone 1500 bucks what the hell you know exactly well
listen just remember us in your will sir did you did you uh pick the picks today give the picks
your picks uh no i didn't but my pick in a sixth race bel striker with jury Bailey okay then i'm
not 200 okay go a little easy and uh hey please i don't want to get read this responsibility okay
okay okay hang on to it okay um i learned to say it did say to turn the corner and fall into the
that's correct just like a bowling ball hanging right on the edge you know they had earned the
corner those agreed sure yesterday on channel seven i followed birds for like half a second yeah
well we like to we like to keep him kind of secretive you know we let him give him out in little doses
yeah we heard that laughing very the bird and then it took it right off you know
yeah lucky didn't blink yeah yeah when sunny or god sunny you see they had to go in the
poor fuck because if they showed his lens to the camera would have melted yeah that's true they
only showed him from the side from distance the sun the sun would have gone through it by focus and
most of the camera down you know okay you have a good one pal thanks a lot for the for the
big man okay i'm with it okay thanks 1118 at wio d look at that we making these people rich
mm-hmm uh let's see uh this is what weekends many teen plus uh wio d five five one that's a big
drop it again the dolphins disappeared so that's yet always happens seven two to a five five but
still number three behind life and hot hot went from a four eight to a six two on a weekend many
this is many teen plus yeah uh GTR oh three six up to a five three i wonder what happened to the
men on zeta on the weekend because they used to be their big story the weekend i'm looking i'm looking
i'm looking wins went from a three one dollar with two four in a weekend in men and w s two four
to a two four was flat she from a two eight to a two four and zeta a little increase there in a
weekend here's the story i knew we'd fight a story one nine to a two three and many teen plus
on the weekend so they do have a little story there ladies and gentlemen we talk even at
growl and poll would be shocked poor Sharon boy she's getting a workout we got a lot of food coming
inside on okay here's monday through friday three to seven p.m. persons thirty five to sixty four
number one life seven point five that's for all the dead persons out there magica six three
cm q no speaking english qba no speaking english so of the english speaking uh station
steve is third with a four nine person thirty five to sixty four any afternoon
it's good now where's snows because that should be there well we don't have a listing for sixty five
plus friends no we don't we don't get wins three out of a two six i still don't see w snows
in the afternoon oh here they are all jazel
now
w n w s monday through friday three to seven persons thirty five to sixty four
going but you want to hear a trend you want to hear a pattern july june july august of eighty eight
six point two this is w snows then a four six four six three three two nine and this time a one nine
nineteen from fourth to nineteen then just a few short months
in the afternoon steve again is um fifth overall third of the english speaking and alice is
nineteen for seventeen to the english speaking stations boy that's incredible she a point seven
all right hey that's an axiom man he's really got his act together over there at she doesn't
he's one of the great broadcasters in america no question uh oh and listen to this nippin tuck in
the afternoon thirty five well thirty five to sixty four the fms are not so i we can't
rip him for that can we we can't well a little bit okay so that's what we have so far i feel like
we're doing like election night see the elections used to be fun in the old days now they got the
computers and dan rather comes on in five minutes and says they bush one here and here in du
caucuses a jerk and it's all over in good night and good luck and then they analyze it for six
hours you know and that's no fun i'd like the old days when he used to you know like have the each
state they have a thing up there and you'd see the numbers of votes changing and humbly and brinkly
would look at each other with that stupid look like what the hell does it all mean and it was fun
we'd go under the wee hours of the morning but uh so i kind of feel like we've returned to those days
of yesterday year with a lone ranger at wxyz Detroit so for those of you who tended late
they'd got a one six in the morning with the kernel from our five five that he's now taking it
into a one six and then you should have an apple once the difference between silver apples
well regular apples see i tell you what now the reason i played that is that when
and even made the conversion when they don't even have it over there to kick around anymore that
should tell you they are really desperate god in fact they could use it at this point they can
use anybody who's breathing and even even if they're not breathing at this point they could
use all the help they can get god that makes me just see i don't usually for example w snooze
when i was at wins i you know it was nice to beat them mm-hmm well especially at night during
the radio wars when lichis was trying to be mr hot shot and we've used beat to crap out of them
like seven to a three one two times in a row or seven one to a three but uh during the rest of
the time i was there i would never even pay any attention to them because they weren't really a
factor when i would whatever time period i was on it weren't a factor but now you know the zeta
thing it just because we were forced to leave there in such an unpleasant situation after we had
done such a great job for them and now and you know they give everybody the usual rationalization oh
yeah well don't worry i mean nia was okay but uh we turned the corner we're gonna be and not only
that but they're not even doing what they said they said one of the reasons they wanted us
you know they were pleased we were leaving or they didn't put it that way but that would be okay
better was because now they could be classic rock 24 hours yeah well they're not playing any more
music now than they were when we were there in fact sometime they're playing less from what i
from what i've heard when i was listening remember some days we get real music intensive once in a
while and uh and of course they just keep playing the birds over and over again which um got kind
of limited appear you know they're like four burned out stone out here from the sixties one
here the birds and that's about it oh god boy i'm just uh euphoric me too 23 past 11 at wiod you'll
it's 11 25 here on party day 1989 at wiod steve will be along it too to steve have a um
guest today oh yes he does moral Hoffman oh god now do you notice the first segment on that show
last night that we were on inside story was about another one of these guys now that was a really
bizarre story because they weren't really quite sure uh huh this is a guy who everybody thought was
a woman but was really a guy or something like that i'm the new thing on these shows pretty
sure they're gonna start showing evidence on those shows but tie in right in with that moral
Hoffman known as the female bill beard oh i see it's not oh it's not what i thought it was
moral runs the largest abortion clinic in the country and is speaking out on what an anti-abortion
ruling would mean for ordinary women she's also a major organizer of counter demonstrations against
operation rescue and also there will be a pro-life guest tba oh yeah to be announced he's a little
obsessed with that time abortion yeah well he used to work for wol d since most of what's going
on over there now is an abortion i can understand uh we have hey how you doing Dennis have a great day
uh open line in pompeed 655 wiod 655 9463 let's get some of those morning drive numbers in here okay
and how about those 25 to 54 numbers and how about men 25 to 54 well i can't wait to see that
that ought to be real interesting and may 18 to 34 but is it true now this trend with uh that
zeta has in the morning is it lower than the number gene cashman got when she was the
breath and wait to say that couldn't wait gene cashman in the breakfast club had a one seven
and Scott and Colonel got lower than that one six one six well that's a statistical fluke it's
anomaly it is an anomaly isn't that what you put in your car your motor oil hollywood hello hey you
had a great piece last night nil it's your one well i had a great piece i could have fooled me the
only thing only only downside of it was when the bird was on tv for a couple of seconds he turned
his head to the side as if he was ashamed to be seen well can you blame him i don't know i'm
another one of your unemployed radio personalities but you probably don't know me from rose
olders house cap i was the last morning guy on sheet really yeah i'll be dead i'm going to
feel about a month ago yeah yeah my name is Phil Beck oh yeah Phil but my my uh history in radio
and i know your brother Jeff yeah right yeah he let that's me borrow his guitar occasionally my
history in radio includes working for leaf hour when he was a rock jock and a PD up in Virginia
hey listen if you ever starving for lunch Lee i mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh bill
man he's getting pretty impatient for the food i got another interesting little thing to tell you
the new morning guy for she who came from california the first thing he did when he got the town
was he bought a house oh no i'm serious i know my sympathy is exactly for him could you
can you tell him something you know you think that these guys in a business would learn wouldn't
you never learn their lesson you think i also work for magic when i first came to town and the
interviewed Keith i's lead to be at a pd there yeah remember but of course his hours were too
freaky for them too yeah yeah but hey the guys the success is no arguing with him he's done
and he's done incredible i'm gonna have a special salute to keep eyes leave today you're
ready i agree okay well he's out there as brothers congratulations Neil okay good luck
yeah bye another former radio what no this is 18 plus we have 12 plus this is adults okay boy
you're just loaded with stuff this is uh oh here we go this is ancient people well not ancient 35
to 64 this is that in between groups seven of midnight okay seven of midnight number one
wcm cuno speaking English eight five wow life with a five seven qba five six oh two of the top
three stations a night no speaking English I know we got oh that's qba fm super q and then qba
am is fifth so three of the top five nighttime oh god love at night a five five i can't believe that
yeah 35 to 64 keep in mind yeah pmi uh let's see at night it's kind of like mellow you know it's
like going to sleep time uh tmi 48 wins a four two down from a four seven and before that a five
so they're dropping like a rock a joy wacky ws new oh boy chair wow seven of midnight persons 35
to 64 would you ought to be part of there i mean 65 plus they got a lock but 35 to 64 ought to be
beginning to be pretty good for them but at night time they drop from a listen to this going back
four trends six one five five five four and this time a three seven uh wow i'm going up the whole
cheer man trail take care of some of these douche bags okay wild seven midnight not too exciting either
four six to a three four now maybe if we put somebody live on there tonight i want to start pushing
you know but we got these great numbers the rest of the day can you imagine if we had big numbers
at night mm-hmm like if we had craygon at night for example or stand major or any of our other
unemployed friends i would say johnny but he just somehow a m is just not his bag okay um all
we still haven't figured out what is bag is yes is that mic on by the way it doesn't make any
difference do you want just the circled ones or do you want all the circle ones just the circle
ones yeah for now i don't want to create tremendous amount of work for you in there important
question that was good although the exercise will be good uh let's see seven of midnight well
the fm's don't really count in that thirty five to sixty four so we're still kind of in limbo here we
have um all of these wild bizarre demographics okay let's take another couple of calls to kill
some time while we're waiting for the good stuff for lottery hello good morning ill how are you
morning bird hi uh you've had good ratings and you had great tv exposure but you got something
better than match you got a less handed accolade from Alice yesterday no i slipped over there on
scan and this old geezer was calling to complain about the language that you were using on your show
even listed the words and how many times you said them really in other words he was counting them
huh he doesn't like the show but he sits there counting the words boy that's that's a rich full
life he couldn't turn it off hmm well uh Alice said that eventually after the shock
um sad war off you'd have to start working your show yeah he said the fad may last either a couple
of weeks a couple of years or decades but it will finally fade yeah just like what Al's been doing
faded a lot but he never never stopped him from continuing well the funny part is if you were
writing this it's for saturday and that live you couldn't have done a better job because he compared
your show to john home penis he said at first it's shocking but after you've seen it a hundred times
and then he backed down he said about ten or twelve times yeah well i'm sure i'm sure
Al has never seen john home's penis a hundred times maybe eighty or ninety well you know Ted
Bundy might have been right his his ratings are taking a swan dive is because he's concentrating too
money so much on that john home's penis shocking sir shocking what what could i possibly say to
that anything to that that Alice wouldn't get apoplectic about well you're compared to just a one
else mother calling and getting okay have a wonderful day pal yeah keep going enough said yeah
that was it was shocking wasn't it wasn't it it's eleven thirty two at w i never really thought
about our show like in relationship with john homes penis now that he mentions that we have an
open-line and groward five two four w i would be five two four nine four six three what are these now
these uh... i got so many pages here it's maybe we could play my back pages by the birds for those
for the days weren't they we used to play that yeah great record yeah it's a great record and i
had to go out and buy it they don't have it remember that i had to go out and buy it for uh Zeta
that's right in fact uh... when they decide to change format over there which i have a feeling this
could be the end of this trend here today i had just i could be wrong but i have a feeling this is it
uh... please keep in mind rose and david all the other people over there that the collection of
CDs that i left behind at my name on them i mean a tremendous number of them i just for all time
sake i'd like to have some of those back when you start playing on here we have to be listening
you ladies out there if you're gonna start doing the m who is desperate to know i wanted to find out
the nighttime sports numbers let's take a look okay yeah seven and nine now boy we just got so
many pages here it's a mess oh this is traditionally when they have done the best in the numbers
and it's been at night with qa m and i've brought all these seven of them in night thirty five to
sixty four nobody wants that i think if i can find them many teen plus at night that would probably
be what that poison wants but i just uh... here's many teen plus but i've only got one page of it
boy this is so i hope they're not going to have to put this back together again i only got the last
page of it with ocean and our rock and big daddy i thought i had many teen plus at night i don't
have oh here it is for crow plus here's even better okay this is everybody hot is number one
at night with a ten seven power six three life w snooze a four seven down from a five that's the
lowest number they've had their dropping like a rock six five down to a four seven and five in six
trends wins a five one to a four six that's a drop of a half a point wax ecm qe d r q b a
y one hundred love god q b a wacky t mi w i o d three two two two two six at night twelve plus
so that's where we had part of that well we only dropped a ten to the point overall but that's
where it was right plus on a weekend gtr two five up from a one nine at night i'm still looking
forward let's see kiss had a two so your f m beat you i can't find the cute who am i looking for qa m
the quam oh here it is a one one four down to a one tied for twenty fourth oh boy out of twenty nine
or thirty thirty qa m just didn't do it this time well see they were doing well in the summertime
with the mets look at this they had a three six back in august september october's trend i remember
and they had a three four then down to a three or one four now down to a one they do have the
heat but i just can't imagine the heater that big of a draw in the addition to which a lot of
their games are on tv uh... one
hmm
zeta by the way at night from a one to a one three so there's another big success
to that that that that that that that that that that that little tickle in their
somewhere okay we have an open line and brown or five two four w i o d we got a
mobile in my amy hello how you doing hey we're doing great today i will use this
morning i i want to relate a story that happened to the over the weekend on the
sunny weekend last week it's about the cable company
i was sitting in my pool relaxed with my wife and uh... this guy jumps over to
friends and uh... and i said you know i looked over there and i said can i help you and uh...
the gentleman said uh... i'm from the cable company and i said oh you are uh... don't you
knock and he said no uh... we we're here to uh... fix somebody else you know next door to my
house problem with the cable car boxes in the middle and is easier for me to get through my house
because of the dog next door so i call the cable company and uh... i don't have cable i have a
satellite dish and i have a desk rambler so i have a congratulations well thank you i've
had it for a while but anyways i call the cable company and i say to them i say well
this gentleman jumps over the the thing he's like a track you know i mean this guy
i could have brought anybody the way he left you know shirt on and he says well now they could
jump over you know they they can i don't have to they don't have to ask any permission
whatsoever and it's that i think that's weird yeah that is weird because if they're in the
backyard they don't tell you some people might circ in a little nerve i imagine if you were
some amazing naked or whatever you know yeah i think about that but anyway i'm thinking about it
the grosses me i just thinking about it well anyways i i i do do listen to your show and i think
it's a very nice show and i've listened to you since w i m z it's a nice family show that's right
i'm a salesman and i'm out on the road and i don't put on the fm while i'm working so uh...
well listen have a great day and say hi to the cable people for me oh yes sure well okay take care
20 till noon at w i o d we have an opening indeed kind of like amount visuvius at six seven five
one w i o d seven five one nine four six three we do have a couple of pages these are
mourning um
eighteen plus people this is adults men and women and a qba number one with a six six a q i
wacky six six so that's two Spanish language which which nobody counts and i o d
micronary with a six not from a six five but still a number one of all the english language stations
of that's all accounts okay because the stations that are we throw out our life and the
Spanish stations okay i mean life is i mean what's what's the point of even talking about it's not
a radio station it's just music that's all it just slush music in a background that nobody pays
any attention to if you're an advertiser you'd have to be off your rocker to be on life because
it's nobody there's no concentration nobody hears your message i mean they could they could have
a billion people listening and it would still be meaningless because it's subliminal i mean if
you're in to pay in money for subliminal advertising there's a great place life because it's in
elevators and doctors offices and the dentist etc hot five three up from a three two boy Keith
izlie did a number over there that's just incredible they have just gone through the roof
let's see morning persons eighteen plus wins a four four four four five about flat their morning
generally stays about the same they just can't drop too much there in the morning GTR from a three
up to a four two that's herman and McQueen a big jump what that's their biggest number on a whole
sheet here yeah going back six trends great magic of four to a four one gloves
Greg three four to a three six a wax efm look at this rickenspudds see now that we're off fm some
of those other people ought to be sending us gifts and frankincense and murder they went from a
three o to a three seven on wax efm in the morning how about y 100 i don't see them oh there they
are from a four one down to a three nine well sunny was there a part of that time yeah when did
sunny leave december yeah as was right at the end of december yeah right here remember right right
right at christmas time is when they parted company nice christmas gift from y 100 to sunny fox
as a reward for all the great things he's done there so they went from a four one to three now
they're beginning to show the drop which i'm sure will continue over there and uh... who else in
a morning of note w snows three one to a three one they were flat power two four to a two five
what
uh... zeta here we go all g uh... this is a page that ought to be real interesting to look at okay this
is persons eighteen plus we goes back to june july august last summer when we had a five nine on
zeta uh... then it was a five six and a five six then there was a month where we the next
friend we were gone part of it was down to a four two then we were gone two thirds of the next
one to two nine and now that we've gone just about the whole time one six in person's eighteen plus
so in twelve plus they had a one six and an eighteen but the consistent yeah they are they may not
be good at zeta but they're so consistent it's frightening of course when you have that few
diaries i guess it can't change much one way or the other you know they have turned the corner
of the gentleman we want to make an official announcement we have turned the corner it's like if
you were traveling cross country on a greyhound bus we have turned the corner were on our way to
albuquerque new mexico and i think some of the people in zeta might be on a way to albuquerque
to say better pack your bags okay uh... from a from a what did i say a five nine to a one six
god that's all now we got some interesting stuff here okay that you share and this is twenty five
to fifty four this is men and women wait till we get the men eighteen to thirty four twenty five
to fifty four i have a feeling we're going to do some serious butt kicking okay this is a twenty five
to fifty four men and women magic this is the overall six to number one wax efm a five eight they
had a big jump and they're playing good music love five eight went way up uh... what are you
writing sure oh gee really did oh just for the book huh well to help with them then anyway that's
well no way to me that we had many teen plus oh i see well that's good because we're number one
and that's good enough for us uh... uh... let's see where was i gloves a five eight greyhound
nice increase again those people there in them were that's overall i'm sorry yeah a gtr three four to
a five hmm kiss four nine i od from a four seven to a four nine the biggest number on the whole
sheet that they've had in all these uh... probably ever in twenty five to fifty four is life
flat with the four joy had a four eight down from a five nine e dr four nine to a three seven
w x d j from a four to a three six is that fluke a month starts disappearing now boy they had
that one month in there i don't know who had those diaries but it was bizarre uh... radio mum be a three
two qba three one why one hundred state flat with a three this is monday through sunday six
a.m. to midnight persons twenty five to fifty four which is that coveted demographic that most
of us want uh... qba two four power two four down to a two two of course they're big in the teens
so to speak she had two three to a two zeta two three down to a two oh isn't that a shame boy
they're they're taking a drop in there huh huh up in the uh... august of tember october trend they
had a three six the all time high and now they're down to a two they've lost almost half of it
i'm pretty in three trends three months shucks wins from a one nine down to a one eight
w snooze one eight down to a one five and um... i know this is boring a lot of you terribly
but tough uh... cookies okay okay here we go six to ten a.m. twenty five to fifty four magic six four
waxy five seven wacky or that's radio mum be a five six gtr five five love ninety four five three
that's up from a four six and that's without donald i think at least part of the well all of it
well that a boy great uh... hot from a three two to a five jesus kiss a four nine i od a four nine
time for seven in another morning in person twenty five to fifty four joy with a four five
while one hundred four eight down to a four three as they drop begins over there and will
continue i predict for a time to come uh... cmq q b a no speaking english their e dr four seven
down to a three five life three four to a three two w x d j two eight to a two seven wins two seven
to a two six q b a t m i et cetera et cetera zeta oh gee
listen to this should i read all six of the uh... please please from back last summer june july
in august which is the summer book when we were there seven six number one uh...
that a seven one and a seven one when we were there number one all three times in a
all three months in a row we were number one twenty five to fifty four then we left uh... one
month of that five o down the third then three five to thirteen to now without us all three
months down to nineteen in the market of two oh two seven six to a two oh in uh... two two and a
half months from first to nineteen dropping like a meteorite
uh... uh... dropping like a gigantic boulder off mount rush more okay i've never seen it
this from a seven six to a two from first to nineteen not everybody can do that i think
the kernel i think we ought to have something special for the kernel today don't you like that's it
wow two a two from a seven oh and the amazing part of it is when gary lorans put us on
the zeta he said that we want twenty five to fifty four that's our target audience and there
we were number one in that demographic month after month trend after trend and in just three
short months the kernel has taken a number one ranking and turned it to nineteen
on unbelievable power one eight shea one eight probably beat she anyway uh...
rn w r m n uh... one four mvm w snooze one seven nine to a one two man there's some of these
geriatric stations that are dropping like a rock that's our new slogan okay everybody in the
market is going to be saying dropping like a rock watch steve will say that at least once today you
mark my words uh... e a t and k a t right there holding up the rear k a t is last on the list midday
twenty five to fifty four that that magic man we got a nail their butt they got a seven seven
or number one w i o d that's us midday six nine were number two look at this before we came here
was a two one then we were here just a little bit of that next trend of three one and then a four
five and i was six nine shea and still keep in mind two weeks of this with Alan Burke okay so we
got to be over seven that's that's our thing we're about a seven one seven two somewhere in
there twenty five to fifty four this is man and women just in men we got to be doing over a ten
but that's not going to show up in as trend and not when we're too cheap to get those numbers
waxia six six love a six oh love had a really good book joy a five nine kiss a five four gt r
from a three six back up to a four seven is that july t yeah nice going june life a five one to
a four five all you do a lot of dirty stuff over there and gt r but uh... cmq hot from a two four
to a four one midday twenty five to fifty four x dj dropping like they should four seven down to
three seven are going to lose that the ridiculous like the listeners ship and that fluke that was
in there uh... while one hundred two four to two six and uh... zeta midday one nine to a one eight
and twenty five to fifty four well see when you get down to those really low numbers is not much
nowhere to go you can't drop too much okay that's what july found for while she a one two three to
a one eight so they tied with gonsor in midday i'd have no idea who she has on a midday w n w s not
so fortunate though they tied with the cmq a m which nobody can even hear in spanish with a
one five twenty first in twenty five to fifty four but even worse than twenty four w i n z in midday
remember those days when we had a seven on winds just two summers ago and winds is now got a one
one tied for twenty four with w m b m who oh god nice going mark at a boy at mark you man he was
also if you look closely last night on that segment on channel seven and they showed the thing from
w i n z there was mark you and with the red shirt standing in the background you and i had matching
red shirts on okay only the brains have been changed to protect the hilder it's eleven fifty ten
till new to w i o d and we'll be right back in japan be available eleven fifty four w i o d now we
got three to seven twenty five to fifty four is magic with a seven one they had another although
they've dropped a lot they realize they had a nine two in august september october in
afternoon drive in twenty five to fifty four my god that is a wild number that ron st john
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ron st john e one a e one a
all your music way anyway love was second with the six two like i said they had a good book wax
e f m one way all the fm seemed to like take a little increase there. Now that we're out of
their way with a six one what is this is afternoon drive twenty five to fifty four hot from a
two nine up to a five four GTR from a three three up to a five four.
Um, great. CMQ kiss. Steve with a four one in afternoon, 25 to 54 compared to
Alice's one eight.
So Steve just squeak, more than double the 25 to 54 audience of Alice. And of course,
if we only had that 65 plus listening, then we'd have something exciting.
W snooze audience, okay?
We shouldn't call it WOLD. We should call it KAT revisited.
We have an open line indeed 751 WID. I can understand why because we're not taking any calls.
Delray. Hello. Delray's gone. I don't blame him. I would too. For Lauderdale. Hello.
Nobody there. A pompado. Hello. Hey, a voice. Yeah. Sounds like a radio voice to me.
Number two on all these. Who's number one? In what? I don't know. All these various different ratings.
Life WLYF, the elevator music's number one overall in 25 to 54's magic.
Magic one on 2.7. Your moldy oldie station. Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
And who's number one in the gay community?
Number one in the gay community. I think your show is sir. We have two open lines.
You're both in Broward 524 WIOD. Okay. Now look, you've got to understand some of the people
over there in Carroll City are a little upset now. 524 9463 Miami. Hello.
Hello. Hi. Hi. I saw you last night on Channel 7.
Wasn't it amazing? It was amazing and I am so proud of you. You look so thin.
I know. Compared to you see the old shot from I.N.Z. I'm glad they put that in there. That's like a before and after.
Yeah. I work next door to you. So I'll pass you sometimes. And you know, when you see somebody off in it,
it's hard to tell how they're losing it. You work at the big seven? Yeah.
Well, thank everybody over there for the nice piece on us last night. I was always expect the worst.
You know, you get used to it. We've had so many hatchet jobs, but it was really, uh, it was nice.
Yeah. He did a nice job. Dan's a good guy. Yeah. And he's from upstate New York to top it off. That's right.
That's why he's a good guy. That's right. That was my problem. Yeah. See, that's why I knew I shouldn't know it would be a great piece.
If he was some like Mark Fisher, wherever he's from or John DeGrewd, it would have been a hatchet job.
But anybody from upstate New York isn't out to do slice jobs. Yeah. Except me. Yeah. Well, I'm glad.
I'm glad. And I just wanted to tell you I'm pretty proud of you. My husband's on weight watchers. Uh-huh.
So I know it's pretty tough to stick with something long term. Yeah. Well, I'm, I'm hanging right in there.
I mean, it's very slow now. I'll admit, but I'm under the 200 barrier and, uh, you know, 35 pounds isn't shop deliver.
I still got a way to go, but it's slowly but surely I'll get there. I get easier when you see it coming off.
Doesn't it? Isn't that good motivation? Oh, sure. Especially when they bring all the food in like they're going to do today.
See, that's one of the big problems. I would probably be over 50 pounds off by now if it weren't for all the food that keeps pouring in here.
But, uh, you know, I'm just not in a position to starve all the rest of these people. A lot of them haven't eaten in months.
What a host. Hey, listen, I found something on the wire. I thought you'd be interested in Delray Beach ban boom boxes.
Yeah. Did you read that? I heard they banned the boom in the box, too, as a matter of fact.
Yeah, they banned boom boxes. Anything that can be heard from 50 feet outside or 100 feet inside is now illegal to be played in Delray Beach.
Yeah, that figures interesting. And anybody whose pacemaker forces them to make a lot of noise while they breathe has to unplug it immediately.
Listen, have a great day and say again, thanks to all our friends over there next door. We'll do. Take care.
Even Sally. Bye bye. Okay. Yeah, even Sally will like us eventually. We'll just have to work on her. May I don't know about Denise. Why maybe we can slowly but surely bring her back to her. She's kind of tough to get to.
She was brainwashed there for a while. Yeah. Okay. Let's see. Uh, 12 plus midday. Uh, we want to know about how Judy T did is opposed the kernel on GTR. Well, let's see.
They went up a three o to a four. Okay. So they went up a full point and midday with Judy T kernel just just just not his month. Okay. We have these.
They have a kernel just hang in there. Have a wonderful life and whatever you do. Don't buy a house. In fact, I would show you know, if you're in this business, the smart thing to do is like sign a three month lease.
Yeah, when you're right to place. In fact, some of the places on this day, you can go like month by month like efficiency.
Efficiency is good because then you can't accumulate a lot of furniture. You don't have to hire movers and pack a lot.
So it works out really well. Okay. We have an open line in brown. If you want to join us in the next hour, and I have a feeling we'll probably take more calls and then we did this hour,
though we won't promise anything. It's the big noon to one hour. And there it goes at Broward line is flashing. A lot of people saw the piece on seven.
I thank them again because. And it wasn't a tinkling piece. I mean, there were a few little barbs thrown in there and some caustic words to spice it up a little bit.
But I think you know, and they had gave sunny Rosenberg all the time in the world to show America is behind. And I think he did a great job of it too, by the way.
Sonny's behind hasn't looked better in a long time. Anyway, we've got April worth. I believe standing by in the exciting WIOD newsroom. April's got all the latest.
And we'll come back with our number three at 12.5 Steve with another one of his abortions from two to six this afternoon.
Would you like to read headlines like Dan, rather? Grass, rural events like Walter Cronkite explain the news to the public like Peter Jennings?
No, then there's a trading center just for you. The bird school of newscasters, the bird school of newscasters will teach you to relate the news on radio or TV in an unforgettable way.
People will be talking about your newscast all day after you grasp just a few pronunciations techniques. You'll be saying things like.
Carol says full out plans for order after new evacuations of the peace agreement suggested it may rather new evaluation to the peace agreement.
What was it? Invacuation or evaluation? I'm sorry, it's the back evacuations of the peace agreement.
And it will feature highlights from a thousand secret tape recorded. You'll learn to pronounce different government programs such as.
Not to chop social security benefits and keep the public aware of top world events. And the CIA would have to assess the country's or assist the country.
And the bird school of newscasters will assess you and pronouncing foreign terms. Newvo, newvo, newvo, newvo, newvo. Learn the pronunciations of geographical areas like 1920s movie star and Kansas graduate Charles Buddy Roger, Kansas.
And other geographical areas such as Iran, Kuwaiti, Soviet yum yum, North Vietnam, Vienna Australia and city such as Washington DG, San Francisco and penis Arizona.
Call the bird school of newscasters now or write to bird school of news cancer post or office box 103354th Laudida, Florida zip code 330000.
You'll receive information on the school of newscasters as well as the school of speech writers, school of poets and the bird school of court reporters.
The bird school of newscasters where we guarantee the lowest right tools on believeable.
The most evident wio d boy. It's one of those things you've been waiting forever to hear again, right? Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Bob. Yeah, it's all coming back. We just hiding a lot of this stuff in the background. Now we're going to really cut loose. Now that we're celebrating here today, it's 1207 to do.
The two people expired in Brown when they heard the bird school abroad casting. So we have two open lines here 524 W I O D 524946.
Right during the news break, I heard from.
And the sunny is got a little air in Gytus, but he'll be okay. Want to hear a little more about those morning numbers and how they're dropping like a rocket Y 100, which we know they will continue to do.
Yeah, well, a little bit. Don't forget he was only about three weeks gone out of this trend. You got to remember that. It's already started.
But it's already beginning. The flickering's are beginning. You know how that works. Okay, let's go to a duke and four Myers. How you do?
Duke and Duke.
Duke and okay. Hey, that was great. That was great. Congratulations to both you and the bird.
Yeah.
And the thing.
Yeah, yeah, we're not doing the real talk. That's what Alice says. They do a real talk over there. You know, like K a T used to.
You know, that was a pretty weird spy report from from Alice. And after I got to thinking about that, you could name your show to the blue steel
robber show. The what? The blue steel robber show. Oh my God. Oh, yeah. Never mind. Whatever you say.
It is. Let him rest in peace. Well, you play. Okay. Boy. As a matter of fact, that we do have a special show next Wednesday. It's called members only.
We have an open line in date County 751 W I O D 751 9463. And here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hello. Yeah, I was talking to Steve Kane the other day about the old greyhounds. You know, yeah.
And he says the people that when they get old there, they throw them off the bridge. Now what kind of what kind of job is that? Can you answer that? They throw what off the bridge? The greyhounds.
The greyhounds right off the bridge. Well, that sounds beautiful. What kind of job is that? You'd have to ask kind of a Kimler. Okay, sir. Strange call. We have an open line in Palm Beach. Although I will say this, I heard a lot of that show. And I don't know.
Which is good. It's good having him like way in the background. Got it. Baby. You got it. Boy, I missed him. Oh, it's 1216 at W I O D. The only open line of courses in Palm Beach.
So any of you others who are really desperate to speak to us, that's the one place you're always going to find immediately available. 655 9463 6555 W I O D. Boka. Hello.
Morning, guys. How are you? Hey, Neil. Hi, bird. Hi. Listen, I got my family to watch your program list like they're on Channel 7. You guys look great. Well, what's really the bird? Because we kept him hidden all the time. What really are program? But okay.
Yeah, but it was it was really good to see you guys. Your new studio looks really tremendous. It is. It really is. It looks even better when the food is in it. Yeah, very impressive. I couldn't figure out who that who fought rich was. They're sitting here right there.
What we wanted to do kind of like a before and after thing for neutral system. And it worked out real well. Now you guys looked really good and it really sounded excellent. You look good. You look like you lost quite a bit away. Well, you keep saying that we look good. We look good. Well, that's great. I there. A lot of people I wish would say that, but never the right ones. You know, right?
Yeah, that's life. And your numbers are real exciting to you. Yes, they are. They sure are. I'm concentrating. You know, we shouldn't accentuate the negative. We should talk about how great our numbers were and the station overall and GT are, but of course, it's a lot more fun to talk about Zeta. Absolutely.
I'm WLD. I was about to say I had a radio accident the other day and my my finger drifted to the dial there and put on Zeta. And it was ponders. Yeah. What were they playing the birds?
No, they were just talking. It happened to be. What was it the doors? You know, I used to love the doors and I'm going to have a record burning over the weekend in my house. It is a matter of fact, it happened to be that one morning where they really were knocking you guys and it was so boring and bad that.
Let's let's send a little challenge out to the morning crew over there. Get a little excitement for them. Maybe we can generate two or three people listening in the morning, which would double their cum. But you know, let's let's hear on Monday morning.
Yeah, I think a little analysis of these numbers. You know, the numbers didn't come out till 10. So they were already off the air. But the Monday, they'll have digested all of this. Probably a lot of peptobizmol. And let's hear their analysis of this. Okay. I like to know how they managed to do this in just three short months.
The Colonel said we were washed up AM talk show host. Yeah. We're finished. Just sort of keep the transmitter ward here. And now I look at his numbers. I look at our numbers and it doesn't seem that way to me.
Well, you know, you made a very slight mistake before what's that? You said that their numbers were dropping like a meteorite. Yeah. Actually, their numbers are dropping like a large meteor. Much larger and heavier dropping.
Dropping like heli's common huge, huge meteor. Where is it? How is comment they can't make up their mind? No, those pseudo intellectuals. Well, listen, have a great life in a good weekend. You show tremendous. We really enjoy. Thanks a lot. I have a feeling they'll be thrilled with the numbers. Yeah. Probably will.
Now look, the last book they try to make an excuse. They said they predicted a one six and it turned out to be a one eight. Now it is a one six. So what are they going to say now? Well, we know it. We told you so. Right on target. Come on Rose. You just can't seriously just from a. I know that Bill wise wouldn't appreciate this because he wants him to stay to one six forever, which is fine with me.
I don't want their numbers to go up, but I wish the music would be better because it's a listener when you're in that car and you're punching around like I said the other day and the music is as lame as it is in this market.
You'd like once in a while to find them playing something besides CCR or the doors. Okay. Well, I didn't want to be number one or the bird. They were worried. Well, that's true. Well, Kim said we would like to be number 19. And I think that's. And you know, it's not easy. I don't know how you are number 19. I've never been able almost 30 years in the business. I do not know how to be number 19.
I've never been able to do this. I just can't figure it out. So it got a hand to them there. It takes a lot of work. Anyway, I like that many 18 plus man.
8.8 that we did here in midday. I just mentioned that again in passing. Uh huh. Because that's a pretty amazing number. Okay.
Not compared to. Yeah. Compared to some of the other numbers. Okay. I don't want to mention anything. No, I don't want to get. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. How you doing, Neil? We're doing it. How you doing, bud? Okay. Barry. Hey, Neil.
Barry. I want to know when we can bring down that low cholesterol pizza for you from pizza light. Oh, geez. Well, have to be one day next week.
Barry, we got pizza coming from Jupiter today and food from Uranus and all over the universe. They're not opening till March 1. So we'll do it. Well, probably next week
could be a little early. Then I guess that's right. But I want to set it up with you because it's a low calorie and low cholesterol. Great. So you'll enjoy it. Okay.
A couple of weeks. We'll be ready. Okay, buddy. Thanks, Barry. Okay, Barry. Thank you. Who is that? No, a friend of mine, of course.
Uh, he is. Is there anybody living who isn't an old friend of yours? Well, I'll tell you, he is big claim to fame. And this, this will impress you. Barry.
And he may still, but when I knew him, I used to be like related to Barry Manelow. No, you know, when I was a film critic.
Barry used to be the film critic for you know that way off in the background better than it is like when you get here. Then muffled. Yeah. Barry used to be the film critic.
Now, just like when Bob was on PLP over in Pinellas Park. Yes, four for the. Halondale digest. All right. One of our favorites. I don't know why Barry. Good work. Okay. We have an opening in bulk. If you move like lightning there 278 9463 278 W I O D.
Miami. Hello. Hello, there. How are you? How are you doing, sir? Great. I'd like to congratulate you on the bird and your third party there on that great show.
I think our third party. That was that. Rich, you don't do anything on the show. Don't be congratulating him. He just comes here and eats. Okay. I can understand the impression you would get from watching.
He has a great guy. He's been a lot of great things for us, but he's not part of the show. Let me put it. Let me put it. It's like a great guy. He has had any glory years.
I'm going to get with. Well, guess what? Hey, you're talking to Gina. I'm right. Call you from the car. You can I do. Yeah. Yeah. Well, hey, listen, like I said, watch in your last night was really exciting. I guess because my kid come out. That sounds like Neil Roger. I said, well, there he is.
How old are you? Kid about 63. Come on, man. He's not one of the blue hairs in the old parts. They call that man up there in Helen, Dale, or wherever. Hollywood. You know, I thought that was fun. You're in hell. Yeah.
But anyway, yeah, you know, the guy was talking about what they said on the day of the morning about, you know, the old AM. Talk show. Watched up. Yeah. He said something about the dropping. Yeah. He's like dropped. You know,
they're dropping like you were saying over the radio and a little while ago. They like chicken. Droppings all over my backyard. Yeah. They really dropped big kind of guy. Yeah, you can say that. It looks like both of my puppies have been over there.
Droppings are are. Yeah, well, listen, before we pursue that, have a great weekend and say hi to your family for us. Well, I said, I'm going to, uh, he said that say hello to my family. I got a big jet. But I'm going to pay for down here. Sweet water. And, uh, like I said, y'all have a very fine way enough. Hey, and I think I said, say goodbye. The grey hell. Yeah. You know, TV. Yeah. Okay. Have a great one. Hey, bye.
Okay. Woo. Wow. 23 past noon at W I O D. We have an opening in date. If you move fast now, 751 W I O D Sharon has been a real busy, busy child here today with male and with all kinds of numbers. Oh, not this. Oh, not, not. For a second, they're the color on that envelope was like this guy. I used to remember it wins. I used to get that one guy who sent me all that junk mail constantly. Oh, sure. Oh, man, every day. And we throw it in a waist basket. People are starving in this guy's wasting.
Postage now for all you radio people know kid yourself. They're all out there. Believe me, sunny Fox. So I called me during the news break and all the others are out there too. Uh, we have got just tons of stuff.
Tons and tons and piles. I mean, piles, even the people at prep age would be overwhelmed by this. That's the kind of piles we've got here. Okay. I mean, we got weekends and we got mornings and we got you name it. Oh, here's
persons 18 plus in the morning. I like to be in a radio mom B, which don't count tied for first esponial. So the number one English language morning show is
microd area with a six in the morning on W I O D tied with life, which also doesn't count. See, we just throughout the ones we don't like and they don't count. That's
the way I always do it. Hot with a five three in the morning wins with a four five GTR from a three out of a four to
two congratulations to herman and obscene magic with a four one Y 100 here you go, sunny from a four one down to a three nine.
And keep in mind that that was only in a very short period of time. So they're going to be dropping like a tornado. Kiss waxy with the three seven
gloves with up from a three four to a three six. This is men. The note men and women 18 plus adults. Six to 10 a.m. W.
News three one power to five, etc. At set a risetta from a two nine to a one six say that a boy, Colonel, that a boy. Yeah. Anyway, let me tell you about this three
to seven p.m. Life with a six eight Steve with the six two. So if you throw out life, Steve is number one in many team plus in the afternoon. And I'd say we're just doing it here. We are really doing it.
Night time Monday through Friday, seven a.m. And I'm 18 plus life hot. EDR gloves with a four five wins five three down to a four four waxy waxy. That's radio mumble. No speaking to English. CMQ IOD five one to a four two at night, seven a.m. And men. TMI.
W. News, boy, there are having some problems. Old what's your name?
Debbie, pardon me for being like Mount Vesuvius Ellis and Jerry Wichner for three to a three nine. They dropped in just about every category. GTR two four to a three one.
Wonder how you know who did it night. Oh, there they are. Zeta from a one four to a one five. Well, there's a little story for you there. Look out. Look out on the streets, boy. They got a story. Miami. Hello. Hearing that for the first time. You'll love this. Okay.
Everybody who's for abortion was at one time themselves a piece. So. And that includes all of you out there. You were once a piece.
So we thank you, Mr. President. And now dinner will be served.
I don't have any idea. Who in the great somebody is speaking to the president for one of the anti abortion groups. What are your people?
Not really meant to say. It's embarrassing.
Deed is. Yeah. Anyway, I hope that with all this food in the building, I hope that I bring in those samples into bottles again.
What? What? This was worth waiting. Oh, I thought that's what you said.
10 past one at WIO. It's amazing to see Roger back in the building all week. He and Raniri been freezing their tails off. I thought it to around. I bet.
And they had exciting. We got to add Mr. Nutris system in there. I've been hearing that's all Mike talked about all week is about our Rogers. Been eating 87 meals out there every morning. Uh huh.
And breakfast and brunch and another breakfast and a little lunch and all of that. He looks happy. Yeah, he looks so content like Bonsi to cow. Anyway, last one at WIO.
D Johnny Darks here. Yeah. Way into day two. Yeah. Oh, yeah, you better run fast like around a building 20 hours. Okay, nice to see Roger briefly. Anyway, we have one hour to go here.
We're just kind of biting our time. Have a little lunch. We thank Joe again for a tremendous spread. I have a feeling that our friends in Jupiter probably heard that we had all this coming today.
And if you will bring the pizza another day because it would be pointless to bring it on a day when we had all this other food. That's what they should do. And I am on my best behavior.
Believe me, this is a. I'm thinking with my fruit. I had little chicken salad there with the honey mustard dressing was mouthwatering sensational. And what should we do?
Oh, this is Orlando. Yes, Neil. Hi. What are you doing? This is Eric and I'm from Boka normally. I'm right now in the middle of Disney. So to speak world. Okay, let's just straight this on up in the audience is Eric who is normally from Boka, but today is in the middle of Disney world with our general manager Mike Disney.
I know what he's called and wants you to make an appearance upon this community. Oh, yeah, Eric. Boy, this could be a real short Orlando call.
Don't worry, don't worry. I was up here and I wanted you to I want to do you know, I'm here and I felt you should put a pin in the map. Okay. And also I got some news that I don't know if you knew this, but Gene Cashman is on she now.
That's right. Somebody else told me that gene cashman. Yeah, she. Yeah. Wow. And also the other day I was watching the Morton Downey.
And well, you're hanging out with all the big towners aren't you? Morton Downey, Gene Cashman and Alan Burke and Alan Burke and Morton Downey.
Oh, I saw a little bit of Alan on Morton Downey. Those two are just inseparable. Yeah. You know, Eric, did you know that Gene Cashman? Oh, here we go. Got higher ratings when she was on the breakfast club in the morning, unzaited and then they're not this time.
The panel has a one six. Can you believe it? Yeah, drove down the Tampa yet last night and we passed by Lakeland. Yeah, did you stop? No, we couldn't stop. It was late at night. But I did see some of the highlights on I four. Like, for example, I signed for Lakeland and I signed for the municipal air. You know what I might try, Johnny, a little bit of that rice might be good. You don't want to say not the rest of that. Those are the highlights.
I'm not paying any attention to what you guys are talking about. Like I said, on what? I'm improv tonight. One night. Improv. Johnny Dark was on improv tonight. That's not the same. Johnny. Yeah, I know there's only about 700 Johnny. Okay, Johnny Rabbit and Johnny dark and Mark in the dark and Mark Melody and Mike Melody and Mike music and all those other fake names. Michael's. Okay.
I just want to get a great hearing from you have a wonderful. I'm a real fast. Dr. Bukowski. You're a dousta. Okay, see Eric. That Eric. That Eric boy is a piece of work. And then we have an open line in Palm Beach 655 WIOD. By the way, is anybody seen Cheryl in the hallway? Where's my check Cheryl? Where is my check? It's Friday. If I ever get if ever Friday comes, I get paid without having to ask for my check. I'm going to home and write in my diary. Go through this every Friday.
every Friday and thank you for having such a good time today i think she felt
that i would forget about uh... a share a lot brought you that stupid
cassette yesterday i took at least thirty seconds of my valuable time at home
the double the cassette of all that stuff that you wanted
and i brought it and handed to you personally yesterday morning i would
have thought that you would have been in here with bells on with my
uh...
yes i'll admit it's already twenty after one and i don't see there she had
empty handed
all you get it for me that would be very nice because otherwise i want my
tape back
uh... or she's eating our strawberries to
if she knows mom's listening she's eating strawberries okay even hungry
book are never saw so many strawberries
anyway it's one twenty and wio d bokeh hello
how you doing all right congratulations on the numbers thank you about
data you know that that paramilitary morning show
it's sort of drop in like a pair of trooper without a parachute
yeah
i thought they got a pair of losers on the show
here i
all right
good day
okay good call
yeah
how do i have a nerve from paul harby junior yet today
well he's you got a nervous about calling it
my amie hello
hello nil yeah your numbers unbelievable
i know
say
uh... i called you last week
i have to how you handle that crap with holland a little on and on and on
i don't know if you remember
yeah i thought you were talking about my dogs when you said how you have
i have another very gently
after the show yesterday i listened to
how you handle the crap from these mongrains that call you all the time
well ordinarily i pay no attention to all i must say yesterday was a little bit
disconcerting they were a little crazier than usual but it's a full moon
i have maybe a solution
when your days going like that if you just shot fifteen minutes of the billis
and everyone started that stuff
that was right in the mind you're right
that when they convert
they can take that useless material they got and send it to colonel douche bag
to help
well let me put it this way couldn't hurt
it's yours how it couldn't hurt what's going on over there
now we're having a party
it sounds like it
it's a real hot
we also have one every Sunday
all right tell bolder to come down
it wasn't that bad
tell me it'll be alright
but you have a good one
okay you do i think we better get them off before anything dire happened
here
we are the fantastic
douche kebabs
gladdened
cland
and the faster
are you ready boys
you're absolutely
yeah
yeah
well I'm all you ready
yeah
I don't know
let's all do
my glam sound
hunker
done
two, three
four, four, four
the bird is back
and it's gonna hear a cackle
and love
the bird is your way
the news
but you can bet it won't be factual
and love
and love
the bird is back
he just flew out of his closet
and love
and love
and it's on your car
he will leave you
his deposit
and love
and love
and the bird is back
yeah
you might say that he's in my frame
but he ain't never stole the phrase
every time he reads the news
he gets himself a trouble
oh
oh
the needle is always right
the person has a bubble
oh
listen
and see the bird is back
and I heard that it's official
you love
but next week they're gonna send it to a sentery
a red wall
and he lost
the bird is back
all right
let's hit it boys
I still haven't got it
here
Harold says pull out plan
boarder definitely will vacate
of the piece agreement
suggested it may rather do
evaluation of the piece of the
evaluation or evaluation
sorry it's a back evaluation
the piece agreement
and it will teach you how
to make thousands
secret take record
and the CIA
would have to assess the
countries or the
countries
new vote
new vote
new wave
1920 movie star
and kids and judges
for all
buddy Roger
and
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
f
y
the
the
the
the
back
time.
It is so long.
Yeah, that usually does it.
Okay, 128 of WIOD.
And let's take a call if there's anybody still hanging through that.
Miami, hello.
Hey, Burst.
Yeah.
That was a good show about you last night on Inside Story.
I think I caught a glimpse of Neil in the background.
Yeah.
I didn't even try to keep it that way.
I tried to keep out of his way.
Yeah, and I know you were brought, Neil.
Yeah.
I want to hear on my head.
Why do you think they call me Tweety-Bull?
Oh, that's it.
Hey, you guys look Carlos and Pembroke Pines, right?
We want Carlos and Pembroke Pines?
Carlos, yeah.
You remember him?
Sure.
Well, I like to call him a douchebag.
He's a good friend of mine, and he's on his way up to West Palm Beach for the weekend.
Oh, is he?
Well, listen, have a great time up there, Carlos.
And he's here for the women behind, okay?
Carlos likes, he doesn't like to share.
He wants all of them.
Yeah, I know.
I know how it is.
Yeah.
I get stuck.
Hey, um, we don't want to talk about that.
He's up there to meet some of his rich friends from Connecticut.
You know?
Wow.
But, um, that's all.
That's why he doesn't talk to us anymore.
He's a, we're not, uh, you know, he's, you know, he's, you know, he's, you're not important
enough for him anymore.
You can get pissed at me, but a lot of times he calls and he doesn't tell you a term.
Yeah, really?
You don't recognize him?
Yeah, sometimes.
Yeah.
Now, he always sounds so depressed that I don't want to one mask him in front of the audience.
You know, probably go over the edge.
Yeah.
Well, listen, Carlos, if you're out there driving, have a safe trip and have a great life.
All right.
I'll see you later, then.
Bye.
Bye.
129 at WIOD.
We still haven't heard from Paul Harvey, Jr.
And we've had such ratings that come out.
They've been just tremendous.
And Jada's ratings were in the toilet and WLD got so old that they just about, um, two
feet in the grave and, um, everything's been wonderful.
Joe brought the tremendous piece from Tatsy, rotisserie.
Uh, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was here.
Diving all kinds of stuff on the cart that we couldn't dub because we have no place to
work.
And they're actually cutting my paycheck down there.
Do you, do you understand the thing?
What a dish.
See, they could pay me like everybody else every other week.
But of course, in my case, they don't want to have put out one check that, that moment
this, I don't think they could afford to cover it.
So this gives them like a whole two weeks.
You follow what I'm saying?
To pawn a bunch of stuff and sell it.
So anyway, they, they evidently decided they're going to pay me every week, which is fine.
I mean, if they wanted to pay me a little bit every day or however they want to do it,
I'm easy to get along with as long as I get it.
But it's like every Friday, it's a major project.
Isn't it?
Thank God it isn't every day.
And they're down there right now cutting it.
If we listen closely, no, I mean the check I met.
130 at WIO.
Did we got a mobile in Miami?
Hello?
Brian Cal, we're going to play the four on their brand new DJ.
We got ones.
We turned that corner.
We throw a plastic rock and roll.
We don't brand new music.
That bread over there.
And he's getting a little impudent, don't you think?
On the bread line.
Oh, Bill and even say that.
I know what he says that I'm a Dave line and on the bread line.
I always think to myself, Colonel, you had it, baby.
And obviously with these numbers here, the Colonel is really doing it, isn't it?
They're going to be so happy over there.
I guess they're now they're right on the corner.
They've turned the corner.
One point six.
They've turned the corner.
They've got a number that they can relate to.
And look, they didn't like it because we had a big audience in a more timoyum said
to me, we'd be much happier if you were number three instead of number one.
And I looked at him like he was out of his mind.
And the one great thing about it now.
They don't have to worry about any gigantic disproportionate on balance kind of thing.
Because now right across, man, you're like right there at a one six.
The gods are couldn't quite keep pace, but he's always, you know, they late in the
dollar short.
He's at a one five.
But one six almost morning noon a night.
They're right right across the board.
Well, congratulations.
And like I said, if you can't be successful, if you can't be good at least because this
is okay.
And they did it.
They made it.
One six like almost a straight line or just a little wobble in there once in a while.
And one of the people with the diaries, you know, you can't just sit by the radio all
day.
Once in a while, you make a mad rush.
And I guess it was during those periods of time.
Well, when Gans is on, you get that feeling, you know, you start getting that surge in
your stomach.
Boys, that's it.
And you have to like run, yeah, recovered.
But anyway, they're really doing it.
We congratulate them.
And we knew they could do it.
And of course, if they want to borrow some other music now, if Pete's listening, and
I'm sure he probably is.
Blasting.
We have, you know, I loan them all OCDs.
But if they want to change, I have some incredible Chinese melodies that I'm sure that they would
love to borrow.
And it would be different, you know, unbelievable, unbelievable.
Well, I'm so glad we're out of there here, though.
Yeah.
Real.
Yeah, I'm too.
I don't want to, I don't like bothering people, you know, 132 at WIOD.
I'd like to tell Johnny Dark about nutritious stuff right now.
Johnny.
Okay, now, no Steve is here to hear this.
But, you know, there's some days when it just fits right in.
I want to make, we usually don't think dedication, but a special dedication to my dear friend
Tim Williams and all the upper and middle-elemented people over there in Carroll City.
Nice job, well done.
Well, I was driving down 9.95 the other night.
Somebody nearly cut me right off the road.
I decided wasn't going to do any good to get mad.
So I wrote a song about him instead.
It goes like this.
We're even more than asshole.
Or did you work it in your whole life?
Either way, it worked out fine.
Cause you're an asshole tonight.
Yes, you're an A.
That's that fake, so Ellie.
And don't you try to blame it on me.
You deserve all the credit.
You're an asshole tonight.
You were an asshole yesterday.
You're an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole the rest of your life.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
And I was talking to your mother just the other night.
I told her I thought you were an asshole.
She said yes, I think you're right.
And all your friends are asshole.
Cause you've known them your whole life.
If somebody told me you've got an asshole for life.
Or you've born an asshole.
Or did you work it in your whole life?
Either way, it worked out fine.
Cause you're an A.
I don't do my job as well when I'm kind of stupid.
It's a nice.
You think you should have gone ahead a little bit, too?
That's a little bit.
It's 140 at WIO.
I know you have young children and all of that.
Just like Alice.
Oh, they're picking on me to try to ruin my life.
Just a radio show.
You're on a dying radio station with an audience.
It's all over the age of 500.
Oh, God.
You didn't hear Alice's numbers?
Maybe you were listening on a speaker.
Now I got to dig through this whole thing.
I just want to tell those late-tuner inners that Zeta Force morning show with the kernel.
Got a 1.6, which is lower than the number they had with Jeep cash and in Scotland.
When we started over there, they had a 1.7.
Now it's a 1.6 in the morning from R55.
Let me just do these as we go along here.
For example, men 18 plus.
Just a minute, relax.
Many 18 plus, 3 to 7.
Boy, they got so many pages here.
It's disgusting.
I can't even find a page anymore.
Persons even 35 to 64.
They bit the big one.
They had a 1.9, Alice.
He was 19th in the market down from a 2.9.
That means their whole audience is over 64.
Exactly.
That's the point I'm trying to make to you.
Persons 35 to 64.
They're like invisible.
They don't rate over 64.
The name should be fair.
Why are that at Sandy?
Yeah.
That's right.
Sandy probably brought Alice way down.
Well, Sandy had a 3.2.
Sandy, when we came here, Sandy was doing what?
A 4.
I can't find anything that means anything here.
This is also a general breakdown.
Well, I want to find a good stuff.
Well, here's Persons 18 plus.
Okay, 3 to 7 p.m.
Steve's got a 4.
And Alice, not on the second page.
We're down to the third page.
Oh, oh.
We just went by Zeta.
Oh, my.
I'll wait a minute.
What's going to be on here somewhere?
I mean, they showed up, didn't they?
We'll start at the bar.
Oh, here it is.
A 3 to 2.
Oh.
And Persons 18 plus.
But that's as close as he comes to you anywhere.
I mean, like when you get into the more reasonable living and breathing demographics, it's like they're not existent.
And I will find the 25 to 54 if it takes me until 3.15.
Okay.
I will find it because it's just so interesting as somebody who used to work here used to say,
it is so interesting.
Here's 18 plus.
Man, you gave me so much stuff here, Sharon.
It's just phenomenal.
By the way, here's a check for Camilo-Saus while you're there.
Thank you so much.
Here we go.
25 to 54 afternoons.
Steve had, if we can find it here somewhere on the page, I know it's here.
Trust me.
Steve had a 4.9 in 25 to 54, which is outstanding.
In fact, that's the highest number you've ever had, I think.
25 to 54.
Great number.
And Alice, not on the next page.
Oh, God.
Oh, my God.
Oh.
Yes.
You know what would more to fund me more than anything in the world is if Zeta beat me in some time period somewhere.
You're telling me Zeta beat out?
Winds had a 1-8. Zeta had a 2.
Oh, that's a wrong category.
I knew it was just too good to beat out.
Boy, that really, well, maybe he's not on any page here.
Is that possible?
No.
Oh, this stuff is so ballic stuff, man.
It's been brought in here in just sections and like all over the place.
Okay, let's take a caller to while we're fishing around here.
While we're searching through just thousands of pages,
trillions and tons and...
Let me just mention again, 25 to 54 in midday,
Magic had a 7-7.
We had a 6-9.
We were number two.
Yeah.
And that includes two weeks of Alan pardon me for destroying Philadelphia Burke.
Did you hear my story yesterday about the GM and the sales manager both got canned because they were responsible for bringing him up there
and he's doing so poorly that they lost their job.
That's a very strong rumor that we have from our Philadelphia sources.
Alan is still working, but I don't understand it.
I don't know.
He's well more down.
He's keeping him alive.
Pembert Pines, hello.
Hey, new.
Yeah, how you doing, Joe?
Pretty good.
How you doing?
Great.
Well, I congratulate you for your numbers.
You guys deserve it.
Thank you so much.
And I saw your little show yesterday and I taped it and kept it.
You saw my little thing yesterday?
I saw your little show.
Oh, I see.
Oh, wait a minute.
Here we go.
3-7 PM, 25 to 54.
Oh, I had the wrong number.
Steve's got a 4-1 and Al has got just a minute now.
Here's Zeta with a 2-1.
I was right.
They did beat him.
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
A 1-8.
Even wins beat him with a 1-9.
He's got a 1-8.
Yeah, 1-8.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, I'm Tony.
He's dropping like an atomic rock.
Go ahead, Joe.
I'm sorry.
We're getting emotional now.
No problem.
I can understand.
Bird, I don't know what you complain about.
They had a nice big 5-second thing on your face.
Oh, I'm not complaining, sir.
It was great.
You think they ignored me enough?
Oh, no.
Well, you know, if you feel you've been ignored, just go to Toyota Hollywood with Neal.
And me and my friends will come down there with a video camera.
And we'll do a little piece on you.
A little piece on him.
Hi, here that.
Steve's still there?
Yeah, he's right here.
He's eaten.
Oh, tell him I can get his Woody Allen poster for him.
All right.
Well, we're going to be down there.
Now, seriously, we're going to be there a week from...
No, wait a minute.
Two weeks from Sunday?
It's the 12th, isn't it?
At Toyota Hollywood?
Yeah.
Okay, two weeks from Sunday, the 12th, we're going to be Steve and I'll be back down here again.
And the fact we actually might get the bird if somebody wants to get him some money for it.
Doubtful.
I'll pay him.
But don't wait that long to bring me the poster.
Well, they can't give me the poster until the movie comes out, which will be March 10th.
Well, that's great because the 12th is when we're going to be there.
Okay, that's cool.
No, it's on good.
So you can bring us both something.
Sure.
If you follow my...
Is that a stand-up thing?
If you follow my drift, Joe?
Yeah, I do.
So Steve, do you want to stand in the poster?
Oh, yes.
Yes, he's holding a stand on the air.
He's trolling.
I'm trolling for posters.
I can get you out of my way.
Yes.
I can get you both of them.
Super.
Okay, let's see it at the 12th.
Yeah.
Neil, I liked everything about the show last night, except for after the last little piece of material you did, you know?
And you said, have a great day and you know, like that.
Yeah, right.
The lady means sort of like a weird gesture, like a weird face.
Well, she's kind of a weird lady.
What do you expect?
Now, it was good, though.
I can't knock anything about it.
It was a fair thing.
You know, compared to the last thing Channel 7 did on us with Denise White and Steve Dawson,
where they just ripped us a new bud.
I mean, this was beyond belief.
It was great.
Okay, you guys have a great weekend, I'll see you.
Have a wonderful life, Joe.
Bye.
147 at WIOD.
Charlie.
Okay, it's 150, and I almost forgot this.
An anonymous coworker inside the building would like me to dedicate that song that we played a couple of minutes ago,
the I-95 song to Michael Luris of the WGTR sales department.
So we just mentioned that in passing.
It's 10 till two at WIOD.
Steve with another one of his obsessive abortion shows with Merle Hoffman,
who is Dustin's full sister, known as the female billbeard.
Well, I'll tell you this tender thing.
It's just, it's getting to the point you don't know who's what.
It's what's what?
I guess this is the new thing for the 90s.
Yeah.
And of course, we know it was started by Michael Jackson and his sister with the plastic parts.
Wouldn't that be great?
I think they're going to come out with a Jackson doll where they have all interchangeable parts where it can be Michael
or it can be what's your name?
Oh, you build them like the robots.
Yeah, it can be any other Jackson's.
Okay, and it's got like mix and match parts.
And if you want to really get cute, you can, well, you can just conjure up in your mind all the neat things that you can do.
But you could make Latoya with those big plastic, you know, and then she could also have, yeah.
Oh, God.
Okay, let's go to for Lauderdale.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
How you doing, Bird?
Okay.
My little tough on this rating.
Thank you so much.
And point us to you, too.
Let me ask you a question.
What can we do about getting you on these UM games?
I mean, if I hear it's not in the air, it's not in the ground.
It's in the air one more time.
I'm going to go crazy, you know?
I mean, can we do something about that?
That thing was from, I think that was from a Yankee game or something that, that part of that promo.
No, it's not going to happen this season, I don't think.
Can we get you on the air?
Or is there any way we can call it?
That's what I just said.
Well, you can go ahead and call him.
I don't think it's going to do any good, but, you know, give it a try.
And that song you had on a while ago about my boyfriend's back, who was that in the background?
Sound like Ann Bishop in Heads or something?
Well, that's who it was.
Ann was thinking about that Glenn Rinker story that Craig had.
What a story.
Congratulations and Michael Tuft on the TV show last night.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Good-bye.
Bye.
Now, the Saltwater Cowboys, it says, oh, this is the second day in a row.
They sent me this back.
So all the guys in the band was wondering why you haven't played the song we sent that was delivered personally last week.
I don't remember it, but there's stuff that comes in every day.
And the problem is the reason it hasn't been played yet is because I haven't had to listen to it yet, and it isn't carded up yet.
Just like Jim Scholar sent us a thing here today called the bird in the boon, which is probably a sensation like all his stuff is.
And the Saltwater Cowboys are great, but it takes us forever.
That's why we had to have Johnny Dark come in today so that he could steal one of the production studio.
Well, the production studio for a period of time.
So it's just these little things that prevent us from really doing a kind of show we would like, but we'll always have a little handicap.
Wherever we work, we like to be, you know, give everybody a little edge.
Like, say, oh, you're going to cart that up for us. That would be so great.
So Nick is going to cart that up for us bird in the boon.
He did.
And we could have that for Monday, maybe.
Yeah, I don't know what that other thing is with all the jingles on it, but burden the boon sound.
But I met you Mike in the audience.
You love playing.
I would love to hear this.
Oh, we can play it right now on the thing there.
And then you could play it.
If you would please.
Oh, I would be great.
Anyway, it's 153.
Here's a call from Boynton Beach. Hello.
Good afternoon, gentlemen. How are you?
Great.
Listen, I called you about a month ago.
My wife was listening to you while she was in labor on the way to the hospital.
Really?
A member of Amanda Christina.
And Boy, she was almost born listening to you.
And I want to let you know she's the happiest baby we've ever seen.
Well, that's great.
So we'll try to get in the second time around.
Okay.
Secondly, last Friday, I called WPBR, the Jim Ackerman.
And I had a call.
He was on something about free speech.
And I called and I said,
you know there's a radio station down south of Tuvenport,
problems with that.
And instantly he said, you must mean Uncle Neil.
And I said, yes, sir.
You're really?
I said, yes, sir.
Let me tell you something.
You are all a bunch of hypocrites here.
And I just went on and on.
And guess what he said at the end?
What's that?
My friend, stay cereal, and it's getting ponderous.
Oh, no.
No.
That's exactly what he said.
Good heaven.
Wow.
So next time you get a chance to let him have it, by all means.
Let him have it.
Okay.
All right, gentlemen.
Have a good day.
You too.
Bye-bye.
You believe that?
Boy, those Palm Beach guys.
Those Palm Beach people, man, they're really original.
They're there.
They're there.
They're there.
They are really something.
That is some kind of radio market.
Okay.
Anyway, Tuesday we got Tom Jicke coming on.
And the trends are all out here.
Yeah.
And what else just happened?
Tom was on that show last night, which we haven't even mentioned.
Tom, we thank him for his usual.
He interviewed him.
Oh, wonderful comments.
Because you don't know that Tom and I have the insesctuous relationship
that goes back years.
And, you know, there are all these sour grapes in the business.
Ah, how come Tom has always saved these wonderful things about me?
And how come he's always, because it's a great show.
Okay.
That's the answer to the question, because Tom has excellent taste.
It's a great show.
And that we, you know, do knock on wood very well.
And we thank our loyal audience out there for, again, coming through, man.
It's just like in no time, we brought him, dragged him over here.
Yeah.
And we did a 5.8 and 12 plus.
And then 25 to 54.
We did a 6.9.
And we're washed up.
Really?
Yeah.
And we're washed up.
And the Colonel didn't want 6.
Let's hear it, Bert.
We got that thing ready.
The bird in the pool.
No, we don't have a ready yet.
Oh, it's bad.
Ooh, ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Oh, my.
Oh.
Oh, it wasn't just like regular, but like, odious.
Yeah.
Remember Paul Anke and odious Cotes?
Remember that record?
Yes, I do.
Well, evidently, this was in that category.
Who said so?
We'll just kind of like hold it in a band for another station, I guess.
Miami, hello.
Oh, Nia.
Yeah.
You know, I'm talking about Glenn Rinker.
I'm calling you from this office, and I got these rug burns on my butt.
And I had these whip-welts on my back.
And it's kind of for me, dude.
Oh.
Oh.
That, Anne, is just a piece of work.
And she has something else.
Oh.
Oh.
No, you don't know the truth, but this, uh, that's really Walter Cronice in the background.
What, what is this?
Why are you bringing this to me?
What is that?
April just brought me this super silly.
Is why are you bringing that in here?
Blumers.
Oh, I couldn't read that.
Oh, isn't that cute?
Bill Wise.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, if I wouldn't have seen that, it wouldn't make any sense.
I thought that April was going through his second childhood.
Look at the little kid there on the far right, under where the caption says Bill Wise.
Now, if that isn't the spitting image, it's like the same stupid grin on his face as Spike always has to.
And they, oh boy, oh boy, that must be, you know how we have the cart young Neil.
That must be from young Spike.
Oh, God.
Doesn't it look exactly like that?
That is shocking.
It was shocking as what it is.
Okay, should we take one more?
I don't think so.
Now we got a mobile and curl spring.
