Shame, but there's no going back to that kind of thing. No, so the met suck. Yes. I'm really disappointed. Well, I'm glad
I'm gonna send you did you see the Sun Sentinel today? There's a little article about
jukeboxes. I'm gonna send you the thing on the facts. It's got the top 25 jukebox 45s all time. Well, that's great
That sounds like something you could kill a good 15 20 minutes with. Well, Roger's got it right here's matter of
You don't have to send it. Okay, Roger just pulled it out of the waist basket. It's pretty interesting. It's a roll out a lot of a
Real misschmass of different kind. Yeah, we can play them all here. Yeah, that's why I was gonna send it to you
No, what a good way to kill the next two hours and 44 minutes. Well, you play good music, though
I won't be disappointed. Well, you answer me a question. What's wrong with these people here? What is their story? Well, I don't know because
You know, I've been talking to some people are you ready for the hurricane? They're like what hurricane?
You know, I like to go blue. No, they're talking about football season. Oh, well, I'm at Gabrielle
She's gonna win today. Yeah, she's playing
Well, now I just wanted to say I'm so glad you're back because last week was like total it was like a break and continuity
It was strange. Yeah, well, I'll tell you these people have made me feel so welcome back today
It's just there are no words to describe it. I'll tell you Steve. They deck eyes for lunch. Really? Oh, no wonder he's got
Indigestion. Okay, have a great day. Yeah. Okay, we're doing screenless today
We've got three open lines on a screenless which really should give you a real good indication
This is a tough fine remember what I said during the summer about after labor day. Oh, yeah, then everybody will be coming back
And we'll go back to rare more have these days when people you know have to be begged to call in and things are really get
Back to usual and they are
Oh the top 25 jukebox singles of all time number one
Well, wait a minute. Yeah, you know, where's um
Her friend when you need them. Where's super David?
He's a great guy. He's his thing. What do they call it?
Rimsha, I don't like Sam
Real nervous rum roll
We'll save it for later. Ah, ha ha ha ha ha
1118 at W. I do what we don't want to use all the good stuff here in the first hour
Let's save that for later when we do a
In fact, Reneerie left the birthdays for tomorrow. I think we're going to use those at the end of the show today
Why not? I mean anything that'll kill some time today
We're doing screenless and we got three lines not ringing on screenless
I'll tell you how bad it is in town today even the cranks don't want to call today
That's how bad it is after the Labor Day weekend brutal day
Boca
The bird and Alex Bennett made our aunt Helen Charlie Maddo seem talented
See what I mean good calls in Boca
Who's who's doing Alice is sure today? I forgot somehow I just didn't wander over there again
Oh, let's see it was Terry Maryman yesterday. We heard and I forgot about him to this point
I have some reason station doesn't come to my brain. Yeah
This is a good CD
I'll stow it. Wow, it is a great
Okay, time to talk about Arnold's now. Let's do the break early while Nick is a loss somewhere in the building
Well, I tell you one thing he must have something going on on the side because he's last two days
He's been out of that room far more than he's been remember I remember yesterday. He got locked out of the building
True story true story. What did he go outside for?
To see if Steve those guests were here. Oh, yeah, and he got locked out of the building and I'm sitting here
I'm saying weren't what he what happened. I mean he usually goes out for a minute and fat rich had to go let him back in the building
It's true and I just want to mention that fat rich isn't here today. He's busy putting together his WIOD newsletters
I
Wanted pages that his the end the newsletter
17 pages in full color in color and boy I'll tell you he's
Become like a legend to own my head. He's just out of his gourd. By the way, where's the food?
Meek a lot's coming today, and I don't want to overdo it. I just want you
I just can't go nuts
You know I might have a little something because this audience is just a dragging on my nerves
Speaking of food Arnold was here yesterday in case he were busy like doing living and breathing things on a holiday like most real people do
And he didn't get a chance to hear the show yesterday Wayne Arnold blesses heart
He and his lovely wife came by with lunch from Arnold's royal castle the only
Royal castle in soft lords the only one left
So if you year a year and for those great days of yesterday year
When you used to go in there and watch them slap those little
Things on the grill with the onions and all the good stuff
Then you can still get it right now just the way it was years ago at Arnold's Royal castle at
125th and northwest 7th Avenue North Miami just like a stone throw off I
95 so even if you're in Broward or way down in the Yenomsville town in South Bay
You can get up there and back in no time at all and while you're in the car
You can just gourd yourself on those great little Arnold's Royal castle burgers or those Nelly
Nelly burgers those great little bacon cheeseburgers and don't forget they got a great breakfast too
They serve breakfast 24 hours a day and that BLT is a great sandwich
What's that good?
It's not just an ordinary BLT. It is something really great like everything
They have an Arnold's Royal castle the one and only left in South Florida
Don't forget that great birch beer in the frosted mug waiting for you to and the great news is just like yesterday on Labor Day
They never close every day of the year round the clock 24 hours a day
They're waiting to serve you those great Royal Castle burgers and all the other goodies to an Arnold's Royal castle
12490 northwest 7th Avenue right off I 95
We're in area here for Discovery one. We're gonna do Club Mike at sea now. We've cruised
We've cruised on Discovery a bunch of times. We've done shows from there
But this is the first official Club Mike at sea on Discovery one. We have a lavish breakfast buffet a full lunch buffet
They're gonna do ice carving they're gonna do vegetable carving
We may even carve up some of the patrons. We've got napkin folding
Then I have cooking classes during the cruise the Caribbean lounge will be in full swing
You can board at 7.45 in the morning
It promises to be a great time. We'll be shooting a little trap off the fan tail
Which is always fun hanging out at Mike's at sea which is one deck below the pool deck on Discovery one
Now the number to call if you want to join us
And I sure hope you can is 525 7800 in South Florida or 1 800 2 2 6
7800 anywhere in the state of Florida this momentous event Club Mike at sea is going to happen on September the 7th on Discovery one
You will have fun or else
22 past 11 at W.I.D. Look at that phone. We're doing screenless even that isn't helping today
Nothing there is nothing that we can do to turn this into we show. Well, don't say we didn't try
You know what this is no clue. It's a sound effect CD
There are 65 sound effects on each disc and I think we've got like 10 of them
Now if this can't kill two hours and 37 minutes then nothing can okay?
Did you like that that was a woman coughing was that what that was not to be confused with cut number six which is a
man talking
No, a woman sneezes. Oh
Now this one they must have they must have recorded this off a Steve show a couple of weeks ago Friday
What's that called
woman sign she's watching the Joey Reynolds show no doubt
Wow that's good boy
Oh
Whoa
Now this is off CD later and it says it has something to do with KO Pecta is not it's not what you think it is
Oh, yeah, it's like the clarity
Okay, so for everybody it isn't gonna get to see Geo's Alpha and Anders do the news today
I think this is a CPR course
And of course for those who have already seen the first half of the Joey Reynolds show today
What is that called
I
There's a title of that
Get it woman belching. Oh my oh
Geez good
Oh
This is a good cut this will upset a lot of people in town. Oh, well in that last cut. Oh, yeah, they don't like that
They don't like that and the best one this was recorded in boy Geary's office this morning
Oh
Wow giving new meaning to the expression. He didn't know whether to scream or eat a banana
Aren't these good they're sure more entertaining than the call that's very much though
And we got a lot more of them than we do calls I'll tell you that so
Well, it's sure nice to be back in town. We're really oh here's a good one too. This is excellent. Just a second now
Lord and in a course for Phil when he calls in next time we pick a horse it's or when he just calls in to bug us
That to be his introduction
This isn't that great
So we'll continue with some more of these in just a second
It's 26 past 11 at w.i.de look at that now they're all starting to light up on that phone
We're gonna do screamless today, but even that doesn't seem to be working
So we've tried it all we pulled all the tricks out of the bag
And we've done everything that we know how to do and you just didn't want any part of it
So call up Steve tell him he's got to come in early today to make up for yesterday
Oh, okay, like at about 11 30
See is there anything else good on here? There's a pig squeal
Anybody go for that any green acres fans
I know
And then for the bill wise fans both of them who are left in south florida
Oh
That's not a girl of that's the point here. He's new us sibling in there. He's your lemon
You're a lemon 27 past 11 at w.i.o.d
Let's so should we punch some of these up or not? I don't really care. I whatever
Makes everybody happy. I'm more than willing to go along with today
I got my paycheck and I don't really give a damn about anything. Okay?
And if that reaches busy making phone calls. Oh, we have a party prepared. Guess what rich
It's just a joke
Mark my words. He's gonna call on that bat line any second. Is that him?
Is this bill? Oh, it's one of his personal. Oh, he's doing some business in there Nick. Uh, Boca. Hello
Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Well two things number one
Right. I have to say it chronic. No, no, no, no, chronic. I need. Oh, I haven't called you in six or eight
months. Okay. Uh, that show yesterday was probably the most hideous show I've ever heard in my life with Steve
Yesterday afternoon. Yeah. Well, I wouldn't be so bad, but he keeps doing that same show like every other day
It seems to be between that. That's replaced the abortion shows now is let's kill all the homosexuals
Well, maybe if he clicked doing those kind of shows, you wouldn't have to have therapy
Now come on now. Don't start pick it on Steve. I mean, there's a lot of truth in what you say, but you know
The other thing is I want to talk you I was listening to him. He's rise on therapy. Don't you understand?
I guess his life would be empty without it. No question about it. But then that's sad in itself
But uh, the other thing we're talking about you we were talking baseball about a week ago Monday, sorry bird
Um, and you made a comment somebody talked to you about the royals and you made a comment that you didn't think the royals were a bunch of a baseball team
I don't I know they're closing in there. I don't I don't like them. They just don't show me that much. Well, I mean
Well, you said they had a bunch of nobody's on the team besides George Brent well, you've got
You don't think you apparently don't like Bo Jackson and Bo Jackson is so overrated that I'm embarrassed
Okay, well, they made such a to do about him in an all-star game. You think what what is he really done? Okay?
What has he really got to make him a superstar? Well, and you know the only thing I can tell you is that in a in a recent
Survey of all the man here we go
Well, in a survey of all the managers in major league baseball
Yeah, but he was either number one or number two on all their lessons who they would choose even Don Zimmer said
That he was number one or number two on who he would choose to start up a franchise ball isn't that great and
You know highly overrated
Troutable was an outstanding. He's alright. He's an outstanding ball player. Tony. It's not that good of a ball club
I'm not saying they're bad, but I don't consider them to be a great ball club
Well, I think they're I think they're a real good
There's only one team in the majors with more wins than they have and that's Oakland that's Oakland
And there's what does that mean? Well, it means they're damn good team. Everything is relative. Okay. Look who they're playing
What do you mean where can league is so weak and and not only that for the American League schedule this year
You realize that in this last month that they're still doing interdivisional for example the Orioles
Uh, we're playing the white socks over the weekend and now who the hell did they play last night?
Well, I think they know they're playing in the division now, but they still got a lot of interdivision games left
And it's all screwed up. It's a mess outside of the giants in the cubs
Who are some good teams of a national league?
Who are some good teams? What's wrong with Montreal? What's wrong with the Cardinals?
And what's wrong with Houston?
Montreal makes the title, man. Looks like you like look like he's at the top
There's no question about it. I'm sure that Kansas City wouldn't like to have Langston or Dennis Martinez or Tim Burke
What the face Galaraga or Tim Reigns. I'm sure that the Kansas City wouldn't want any of those guys
Well, I think they want Langston that by the same virtue
Uh, don't you think the cubs would love to have
Saber Hagen or Gordon? Hey at this point the cubs would like to have anybody who could stand up and get the ball to the plate, okay?
Okay, they'd like to have Danny McClain at this point
Yeah, I don't think the Royals are a fine team. They're good
I underestimated them, but Ed Kaplan still knows nothing about baseball
Well, I can't when there's nothing about anything. Well, that's true. That's that was my point
I don't have any extra grind with the royals
I just think Ed Kaplan knows nothing about sports. Well, what can you say he's a met fan? Oh, well air goes, you know
I hope you enjoyed the game last night, but I hope I hope the cubs hold on and I hope
Oh, who the hell are they going to pitch tonight? Now they're saying Steve Wilson's going to pitch tonight. He can't get anybody out
I heard Audrey Dawson. Well, there you go. At least he's got a good arm. That's right. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Bye. Bye
What the hell we getting all in broiled about this is just a ball game, right?
We'll be like arguing about the tennis
It's just a tennis match exactly like Conner's what does he get so upset and hysterical about and that that idiot
Mac and roll what does he get all worked up about? Huh? It's just a stick in tennis man
200 years from now who's going to know the difference? That's that's a nice. Why is he short on cash? Yeah
You can't know that word. I house my check
Pipsqueak where the hell the denim bird go haven't seen them since you what I'm sure ask him about 1132 at W.I.D
We're doing scrimmous and we can't buy a calling Palm Beach County. No, seriously
There is nothing going on today. This is the word is this the way it's going to be from now to the end of the year
No, this they this particular day after the labor day. This is a brutal
Really tough day is it really?
Was this gentleman out on work release now or what what did they just do let him out?
Can't believe it look at that. It looks like an ax murderer with a suit on anyway. Let's talk about the melting pot right now
Blompton you want to get away from all the grief and all the
Traveils of the world just head for the melting pot tonight and sit there and have that incredible
Cheese appetizer and nice chef salad just drowning in that honey mustard dressing and a great entree of either beef or chicken or
seafood or combination array of the great new entree is like the teriyaki sirloin or the filet menu on fun
Do and then of course top it all off with one of those chocolate desserts that you dip all your good fruit in do if we can say that here on the air without somebody getting
hysterical and governing himself accordingly and you're just going to have a hell of a time the melting pot don't to be fooled by the
imitators there's only one melting pot chain and there are two great locations waiting to serve you right now in South Florida in South Miami
1935 Sunset Drive in Coral Springs on West Ample Road right next to the pizza hut just east of Pine Island
Well, what a great idea good way to start off the post
holiday depression by getting yourself out of that depressing frame of mind and cheering everybody in the gang up with a great evening at the melting pot
is
Not even song that didn't I say we got now there was this man standing in the window and we get all kind of shleppers that they bring in at stand in the window there and most of
Maran work really so I had no idea who you let me tell you something I've never seen you I paid 50 cents to take that tour
I looked in the world to see what you look like let me tell you something was it was it yeah they already said range look that's correct
Well listen bring the mirror and sure I went to this cousin Brucey Bruce Marrow is here. But when I was a little tiny kid
No, here we're gonna go. I was listening to wabc near when I was like in diapers and you and the joy Reynolds was in Buffalo at that time
I don't want to pick on Joey because he's got that big hot TV show now. Oh Joey's I'm so happy for Joey come on
Yeah, exactly you have you not a lot of talent, but I'm happy for you
But you have his photograph right here. Yeah, and with no clothes on his matter fact. Did you see yesterday?
He came on with almost no clothes. Oh, I love Joey
I'm so thrilled that he's yeah that he's finally got a job and then of course he blames me for driving him off
Mornings on she because I kicked his ass real bad and it was embarrassing, but the Joey's he's a good guy
I'm very glad to me. Oh Joey. Don't really person. What do you mean you're glad to me?
You know how I'm I'm so little buddy who was
I don't know you don't come on stop playing with it. You're in a tuxedo here. You're sitting 20 feet up
Don't tell me that you fool. So how's got me on you? Is he really only two feet tall? God so is very strange
Well, I tell you we could share Rick's large stories. Couldn't we or Rick came down and screwed up a whole bunch of stations down here
Was great. He's a hell of a guy. That's what a consultant's both exactly man
He came down to Zeta and look at they got what about a point three now since he came in is incredible
He's doing well. We only think I did the only bad thing about wabc's you guys didn't have enough production
That was the only problem. I don't have reverb. Yeah, not enough reverb not enough production
I mean we didn't have the we were making the bugs. We were very struggling station. Yeah, that's true
And Charlie Greer and her boss granderson boy these are memories from like ages. You don't we just had a you look like a young guy
What did you start about ten doesn't he look good? No, I just man. What is he trying to do? No? I'm serious
You know when you were a happy guy seriously. No, don't be serious for a moment. What is that? What is this?
This is a lot of all roll night and gale. Which one is this? What do you want to motivate you in the station now? Well, you're a happy guy. You got it
Let's just talk about it. I wish I did have it, but that's another story what else? Health. Oh, hell. Oh, oh, geez
What is he on with that Gary Noll or something on it to boom? Would you say you look so much?
What are you working now? What are you doing? I'm doing cruise in America, which is a network show. You're cruising America. Yes, sir
For me outside and I'm on a tour now the tankery rocket rolled time capsule. Ask me what that is. What is it?
We're commemorating the 25th anniversary of the Beatles and the British invasion to music music to me of the United States incredible
Well, I'll be damned. It's great. Anybody in this business that's still working at camping all that right? That's why I feel good
Isn't it a brutal business? This is a killer man look at all the people who have been just decimated and look at this
Just did honor a cousin Brucey being here. They would have a lot of
From pizza lock Jeff you really know how to do it. Yeah. What do you have on the pizza? What are you doing down here?
By the way, I'm doing media. I just was interviewed on the stage. Wait a minute. You got a book. What does she do with the book?
The least we can do is plug the man out. I just wanted to see what you didn't really what I looked like
I mean, I'm not
Yeah, I am getting pretty old in fact since you came in I'm making rapidly. I'll tell you that
But at least we get fed well. I'll tell you that
Yeah, isn't this great? Well, that's well. This goes on every day now. You know, I'm such a fat slum
It's just impossible to lose the weight. Oh, this is so good. It's incredible. Brings it slow. Does this guy?
Look at you know cousin Brucey. Do you know cousin Brucey? How do you know he's too young to know you though? How do you know?
I'm not from New York. No, we we have people all over the country. You know, this music I play is multi-generational everyone listens to it all ages
All ages really not the age from down here. They don't listen to it all you say. I you can't have all my cousins listening right on the win-more-in-century village
Don't we have cousin brissy to a talk up?
Did you play there? Oh, they can we find a little talk a record up for us?
Absolutely. By the way, how do you like the way Deans coming back? You know we had Dean on the show a few weeks ago
And his album is going through the road. Joel Frankie is doing all Frankie's now
I posted Dean about a year and a half ago talked him out of retirement here
He was doing Christian great guy and I put him into radio sitting music called with CVS FM
And they sold out two shows in 90 minutes. You'll listen to that. You know what that means?
That's phenomenal. Yeah
Hey, he's a good guy. In fact, he brought his guitar in here the day that he was on the show and he just sat in that chair there
And he is incredible. Here's a guy who has completely screwed up his life
Hood himself badly came down here
God God know to his father-in-law married to the same lady Susan and found himself and now he's combining
Christianity which he still has a great feeling with
With capitalism the jazz kind of like Jim Baker
Didn't work to that for Jim, but Dean will be all right
Come on, do it. All right. We got a little bit of locomotion coming up here ladies and gentlemen
This is cousin Bruce and I OD with the music you know
But you know the same just a hair just a little like her toenail. You know, just a toenail
Now you're not gonna tell us Robi young stories today
I'll leave the ball already. We're
Geez the guy
On CBS in New York, I played the tape where Robi was on the s tell everybody that Paul was dead
Yeah, and her rickshaw right into the studio and grabbed by the clock in the neck and threw off his editor
Yeah, yeah, he was on he started the room with the York that Paul was dead now
Talking about Paul McCartney you know guy Paul I know what I said Alex minute yesterday last week said that was all happened on his show
New York
Alex now Alex
Five person what is going on look at this service
We just did this impression having people
Puppety folks now I want to hear more about Alex better. I want to hear you. Uh, yeah, Alex better was
Nice guy right nobody has talent in this place. What is it with you? No, you have talent. I do now I'm worried
You were one of my idols when I was like a little
Get on W a B. I your mother used to listen to the ground. My mother. She was she would not into that stuff
Look at that pizza then I look at that. I bet you at ABC you guys never got
I like this like this when you still have a guy with a tuxedo wheel things in we got staked and we never had good food like that
You had steak how steak roast beef?
These don't have it catered by the airlines every day. We had airs standing from doing. What are all these guys doing?
Stating room
Got you. He's got some kind of a
God is a w any wf am is the operations manager
Daning room now it's not on the air any longer, but what he does he's working with the unions
He works with after and works with screen actors guilty
You know we just said this sentence you about a month ago
We had a rock and roll radio grace reunion in New York City for three days on the air
We had we brought everybody back Charlie and remember Hobosko Anderson course, right and Dan was on the air and Jack Lacey
Not is a name from the past remember Jack likes her singing that was the best. Oh
There's my
S.A.V. Village let me ask you something. Well, he's got a problem. You have a little people. Let's discuss this
Oh, how is the well? Well, my money about your pair hold it. Talk to me about your parents. Do you like him? How long have you been down here?
About 10 hours 10 hours
Well stick around a couple of weeks and you know all of a sudden you don't like you would be doing the voodoo dolls
Trust me geriatric voodoo dolls
Another round with old people. It's a state of mind. You can be 20 and be like a prune in your mind
You can be a hundred and be a vibrant person, but unfortunately we have a lot of like the walking dead in this town. Okay? Trust me
If I give him a tourist out beach take him out and drive him down south beach
What does that mean so I can be a little more in a situation here?
Outdoor funeral parlor is what it is that all these people
I don't even think about waiting to die
We have this time capsule. We're going to be over at a place called American Classics tonight
That's in the quality in which almost burned down. I said, but everything's fine
This is you're the by the way. I do. How you doing? Have a swing on some pizza. Look at this service with it and
We're going to be there from 68 o'clock and the public's invited to come and see this rock and roll time caps
Where is it at the place called American Classics at the quality in and it's a six day. It's a
An open to the public thing. We're inviting the media down and we have this time capsule with a lot of the
Mementos and artifacts from the British invasion. We have
John Lennon's constitutes Charlie Watts shirts. It's a world of the rolling stones
John Lennon gave me a wristwatch when yellow stone or yellow submarine opened up and that's in there
All kinds of things under where stuff like that. I know we couldn't get that past the big county board of hell
That's
I believe it
Fantastic
I do a little business while you eat you
I'm gonna drive you a spot. No, you're not in a replica
I don't know you're a fraud. I'm talking. I'm having a good time here and you're not beating you
And you tell me I'm rude they have never fed I've never fed anybody in my life had him tell me that I'm rude
I'm sorry. I'm sorry
Take the piece your way, okay
Husband Brucey and I create a see you you stuck your head in the window and I didn't know who they have you word you called me an axe murder
Will you look like an axe murderer with a lid on six to the window through the window now look at them in there through the window
Don't they look like I do look like I do the thing about them is even an inside here. They still look like axe murder
That's the incredible especially Nick
Anyway, just have a little something there okay to honor us
We just brought this in because we knew you were coming and if you believe that probably we'll believe almost anything
Oh Joey is we miss Joey show today
We actually turned it on yesterday right in the middle of our show and watched it with the sound down
And it was gruesome man. It was incredible credible with the sound. He's my friend. He can't do this. He is my friend
He's a good guy for friends. Well, so to speak. Oh, he
Comes in on the show
Wait a minute good. He thinks we're kidding around here doesn't it? It's just like oh no
He was gonna have a cheer for this you know he invited you and I to come on the show
And Bruce morrow sitting here ripping us a new answer
Oh
The car is re-killing here the car's like in the middle already
Well, you recognize that music don't you do you recognize it doesn't know that music from hunger, okay?
He thinks we're playing old WBC and singles now he'll do one more talk up for it
Oh
Oh
For Jason
What a show that's what they also
Well, I hope he does why I hope he makes a million you want to make a
So like how come more down? He just don't give the guy a couple million dollars
He's his best friend. He used to be roommates and Syracuse or whatever the hell I was on
I think one down he had him out of check. He has no problems. No down he has his own problem. He has to know. He's out of his albums
You know unique he made 40 million bucks last year in a bet you spend 60
You think so excited. That's the problem
It's just in cigarettes and Zack. Yeah, you have best cigarette smoke. I've ever you know
If you ever quit smoking the economy's gonna go to hell and a hand best gonna lose millions in revenue
Okay, 1146 at WID just eat and relax. I got a little sponsor new here because that's what it's all about citywide insurance agencies
And Dave Broward in Palm Beach counties
Want to make sure you know about the new Florida law regarding car insurance the new law says you must carry minimum liability coverage
In addition to the previously required PIP so don't monkey around with this new law because you can bet
That the local pigs are gonna bust your real fast if you can uh caught without minimum liability. You got liability?
Uh-huh. Thank God for you boy. They'll be waiting right outside the door
The North Bay Village cops will be waiting right outside the door and listen to the penalty if you can't prove minimum coverage
They can suspend your driver's license and tag plus slap you with fines ranging from 150 to 500 bucks
Depending on how many times you've been caught at citywide insurance agencies
You can avoid all that hassle and get started with a new state required liability
Who was little as a hundred dollars so called your nearest citywide insurance agency right now
Just call information and get the number of the location nearest you
They're all over Dave Broward in Palm Beach counties remember at citywide you can get coverage for as little as a hundred bucks
So we'll pay this new law now and avoid big problems later with citywide insurance. Hi everybody
It's Mike Rineri beginning tomorrow morning of my program from 5 30 to 10 a.m
We're going country. I'm gonna be playing and singing for you songs like
The killer bees are coming going by you all of your body
You better watch your sale
See tomorrow tell tell tell tomorrow morning on new stop radio 610 W.I.O.D
1147 at W.I.D.
But you're part and there must be some interesting one I said I asked bird here cousin birdie of you guys
Why is my customer? Cause you do for all calls and I said he said yes, and I said it's gotta be some very interesting
All right, everybody that wanted talks to Bruce talk to Bruce
Great he wants to talk on the phone. I'll be damned
It's a day after the Labor Day. It's kind of embarrassing because usually we're just flooded with idiots had called in on the show
But all my career
They're all from New York just like they county hello. Yeah, what's up, Neil? You want to talk to cousin Brucey?
You don't even know cousin Brucey you idiot. Roward. Hello. Hello. Yeah
You don't know cousin Brucey you're not old enough. Are you?
Get out of here you check in roward. Hello
Come on get women
There's anybody in this town even knows who the hell you are
What are you doing on a show? Okay, what is he doing here? We can do nothing today. We bring in cousin Brucey a
There's a lot of bush in the studio today. Oh, we can have the burning bush in the studio today
And nobody would know what the hell is going on here. We go brown or hello
Okay, that's one of your listeners. What are you? Yeah, Howard?
Yes, no, how about cousin Brucey isn't that good enough?
Bruce morrow w a b c chime time
cousin Brucey
Hello, how are you? You don't know who you are. How are you doing? You're rift. What's your first name?
Let me ask you something. What are you listening to this for? This guy is wild
Are you as huh damn right? Did you find him warm and sweet exactly? It's like home, huh?
Why actually is
What does that say about this town?
Ha ha ha
You know who this man is
He's a giant in the industry. He's a monster in the business
Oh, there you go many years ago, right?
I want to tell you no, I'm just now just see I'm just about to pay your compliment again. He looks great
He really does I know
Doesn't look at day over 40
What
How well do you know him it sounds like this could be something really interesting
Yeah, I have a lot of my cousins down here, right?
Yeah, that's why I want to come down to a little research at a little survey
See what's happening. I want to make sure that Neil and everybody like Neil
Tweeting my people right. I'm I spent a lot of my my young years energy and blood getting you guys straight
That's guy takes you down here and he ruins you. We don't take straight on this show
Okay, listen, thanks. It'll be Maryland
Have a great life
Remember Peter trip on WMGN curly had a kid in the second role exactly and he went to jail for payola
Well, I don't think he ever went to jail. I think you got nail for payola. Yeah, love this stage by Mickey and Sylvia
It was like number one and it wasn't even in a record store as yet
And that was the record that got him in trouble
Mickey we get you that in dirty. You know, I was in dirty dancing. Uh, I have a part in dirty dancing
You did yeah, that uh, that's you see him dirty dancing
I remember I remember hearing you on the car radio. I played the magician slip on another 50
You'll say he's all you know, right? I was on the radio throughout the thing. Yeah, I'm the magician in the dirty dancing and I'm the
All stores poor little Jennifer grade baby and I didn't pick that up sure
And the price that to work do you have your blue cross this a lowly hurt for a book?
That took eight days but I remember it and they drive it in the car. You're on the radio. Well in its
19th summer 1963 cousin and we played the four seasons. Yeah, well, that's pretty exciting. Okay, let's go
Broward Hello, hello, hello. Hi. Hi
Do I say hi to cousin brucey? I'd love to he's right here. Hello. Hello cousin brucey. Hi, who is this?
This is Anne from Girl Springs. Hi cousin Annie. How are you? Fine. Thank you. Good. I would love to know is does anybody know what happened to
Warm press got out of Boston
No, I don't know if that's funny. I was just in Boston about three days ago and
Somebody else called me wanted no sorry. He's not there. So I've had only moved out of town
I do I don't have an adventure car hop already gives me a lot of money in the back in August
Now will you come from originally? Yes
I used to baby said for his children
Oh, all right everyone sort of why I mean a babysitter of mine
You know that they they was come up somewhere Morgan town west Virginia one of them recently. Are you happy down here?
Well
It's a rock town is Neil says yeah, it is it's rust. It is a rough. How how could it be rough?
I come from one of the roughest towns in a while. I mean it's survival
You know what you come from that's the problem. Okay. We like to take some of them back with it. Why is it rough?
Explain that because of any York kids as Neil says wait the wait a minute, but you you are northeast that are too
I was in a wing, but they're not there's a big difference like Neil says is the difference from a New Yorker and a New York state person
Exactly
But as a me I'm from New York people say to me I'm from what I'm I think I'm from the city
Wow
But I but I but I beg to do because I'm a New York city person that I don't consider myself
You know a person I can irritate or why do we irritate is no doubt about it for many years
But I don't consider myself part of that clan. You just
Discussing is that the catering got some pretty nice people there too. We got some we got some stickers
You know, yeah, got some nice folks in Brooklyn too. They're a little tiny
Barbie all the fingers come down here. Oh
All the local
A lot of nice New Yorkers down here at least two or three
Well, thanks me. I love you show. Okay. Thank you. Bye bye. There's a lot there right that they have to come to Florida at a certain
Oh, yeah, what they get to be like 55 they got to come to Florida. I
Move into a condo. I should have quit when you call me in a neighborhood male. I do what I was good. They county. Hello
They know yeah, I pulled off the road
You said nobody knew cousin Bruce and I grew up on his music in the 50s
You threw up on his music
The best even better than Murray the kid he was great
Absolutely, they put that Murray Decay to shame trust me
Bruce you are the best and I'm telling you the people who moved down here from New York have never had anybody like you this place
I'm getting a feeling of a negative is a down maybe I better move down here
Don't tell me something let me put this in perspective for you. Neil is the best dish. I'll eat down here
He's not even close to the moon. Now I'm a big jockey. I know that's what I mean. Oh, and you're not even a good
You know what I'm gonna do I have a show when we the Neil talked about two moments go cruise to the America
I'm trying very hard to get a
An affiliate down here. We're in 200 markets. I'm not in this one, which I should be because I have all my people out here
Absolutely, and I'm gonna get it down
It's at least I'll give you something you can listen to and bring back some good memory
And then Neil can rip me to pieces every week. I will I'll be looking forward to it. Thank you
Drive care about by well, what up bunch of mission glam we got here bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yeah
This is Scottsaw and Scotland yarn
Hey, that sounds better than Scottsaw. Scottsaw sounded that good. He's still be doing pretty well. How do you spell relief?
He's what how do you spell relief? Oh
G.A.S. You got it great call excellent. See these are your people. That's good. Jake County. Hello. Yes
Neil yeah, yeah, I remember
Uh cousin Brucey but I remember cousin Brucey from Jamaica because they used to have
Indicated programs. Hey man. No problems. You make a man cool running fun. Yeah, we saw syndicated programs off of your your show
Well, I love let me tell you I've had a romance deal. Uh, what is your first name sir? Danny all right
I've had a firm a romance with Jamaica the island the nation of Jamaica for many many years
I love it down there
I'm down there every year and I work for the uh
I do some work for the chamber of commerce and I do a lot of work for
Dino and Gettys you're a rents write and Pepsi and I still go down into grill bump
Yeah, and I love the Jamaican people. I love it down there. You used to come down with um
CB Chad at Bobcock
Right? The word for the British Jamaica. Do you remember plate called the glad?
Do you remember place called the glass bucket in uh king's uh bucket in king's son? Yes, right
That's why I used to appear in you know down there in those days. The other five period on the nantura radio
Network sound there was RJR which is private and the other one was JBC which I told by the government
It would appear on the public one you had to go on the private one. It's a vice versa
So he's go to the glass bucket. You remember the dance I started down there years ago in Kingston
It was called the Carolina one. That's right. Yeah. What happened to Jack spectrum
Jack Spector he's in the eyeglass business now
Literally, you look levy so this guy is oh this one's tough
Why I hate him to be my brother-loved about Arlene Francis. That's Arlene doing
But anyway, uh, I love you country. Are you happy here? Yeah, that's not the year. Well, that's good
I'm glad we got one
Yeah, that's why he's happy. Let me ask them to you then if you approve of this yet
I mean you approve of this mr. Neal here Neal is up need is above number one. There's nobody is number one
There's nobody is back new here
I'm gonna be sitting here. We got only sick of fans calling underlying the sick part. Okay, pal
You're a great American and they're good here and from you. Okay, okay, Adios. Uh Palm Beach
Hello, yeah
Yeah, uh, is this like cousin Bruce you being here. It's like the coming of the Messiah very close to it
You're gonna blow the the Rams Horn and in all the New York City people are gonna follow you back there
I'm gonna wave a magic mazza
Oh you guys you guys are irreverent
It's terrible here. I'm not just in disgusting. That's why we they like this. Why how can it be terrible?
I lived here. What are you? Are you finished? No? Yeah, you're finished. Go ahead
I lived here for you. It was love that people seem to be living away happy here. You live on a beach?
I loved it. No, my amiss city. I live down a bus came boulevard. I think
Uh, no, that's the cause by a wise guy. What do you mean?
29? I think the one of these 20. I don't remember
The line and I left
You know, I love you. I love you. I love you. How come you left because I'll be tell you why now. Let's be careful
I'm gonna teach you see me in this business now
I was driving down this came boulevard to the beautiful
This came terrorist motor hotel, which we used to be on w and z
It's where the state used to be. I remember that right and that's where I really started my career is my second job
And I was driving down it was about December 23rd and there I saw standing against the pink wall
Somebody I admired Santa Claus in this red suit now. What Santa Claus against the pink wall was a palm tree and a damn flamingo
Now, New Yorker can't see Santa Claus with a lingo. I had a leaf at one year. I had to get out at Santa Claus with flamingo
It's time because I'm losing to go home. I went home
I went home and that's it. I cannot see Santa Claus with flamingo. Answer me please don't just chew
What am I gonna say to you? I mean my right or old like those people that say I sure missed the change of season
Which means being up to your ass and snow. I don't miss it. What do you
We had 40 foot drifts of snow and upstate New York
I wish to that the only time was good when it was you were in school
You didn't have to be able to school half the time. Look what it did man. Look at it prepared you for it
I look how much I'll go you're tough you are a survivor look at you
I'm a hard bit in son of a bitch. There's no question about that
What did you say on the radio?
You heard what I said. There's gotta be a tape. There's no way that's going on live
I would never say
We don't ring a stupid balance in here. Never wait a minute. It's like right out the way the people on the level of the people out there
Okay, no I do not believe you just said that I will not I would not accept that into my body
Okay, I'm not on the radio. Okay, you know, like that was schlock shock
Like Howard Stern. We don't do that kind of crap. You don't hear that right? People do spags and sell a question on
Well goodbye folks nice talking everybody
All the way we are we're at the end of the hour you're gonna stick around you that are gonna leave
What are you gonna do? We're going
This was a pleasure to be here
You have an hour? Glustin Karanhenk? Because there's gonna be a lot of people
A lot of people I'd love to call. Oh really? There's a little food left over here. We're quite
And we're dead. There's not any air live of course. Oh no. Tell me it's not
Oh, in fact, this is only a dry run
Okay, Chuck Meyer standing by with the noon W.I.D. is
cousin Brucey is here with us, which is an unexpected treat and Blontany on this day. Thank God you're here believe me
And the steve is afternoon with him. No one knows a contrived debates yet to be announced in sports talk tonight
More top analogues at 605 tonight
