For pay for a meal Steve have you ever known it says he never pays for me ever we never we keep waiting see I could do that
I don't have I just
Don't have the guts to do that. I mean there's too much shame involved you know to keep going back
I could eat at sponsors seriously. I could never pay for another meal as long as I'm in this business
Okay as long as I'm here you don't have it in you. I don't I can't it just do I some people have no shame
You have to do when he reached over and kept grabbing more and more of those char-hunts are difficult
So I thought to myself this is shocking okay
shocking
First it was a couple then it was a couple more and then it was like a part of a stack
It would like a chunk you know off the top there. Yeah, I didn't take a one. I didn't need it in the listeners
You know I could be free
I'm hearing always wanting food. I just don't have it. So anyway, you're a great guy Hank and we love you
But stick it in your ear. Okay mind your own business and tell all your butt liquors on your support talk
Just a stick this sports. Okay, leave the valley talking to us and stick this sports
For a lot of Dale hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today? Okay?
Bird how you doing? Okay, this is Reggie Manel's good buddy. Who Reggie Manel's good buddy?
How long does something forget?
Energy Manel Reggie Manel bird you should know who I am no, okay any more hints
Okay, I'm so glad we finally went back to the phone
Hey listen
You were talking about fat rich and joy in his food. I'm at the meds fans won't be able to have any lunch with us today isn't it?
You were talking about fat rich and joy in his food earlier. Yeah, well he enjoyed my food too on Saturday
Did he had a plate of
Couple slice of pizza there
Went to a picture with me and he took the pizza right off course
That's where you got to watch him at every move man. I was watching every turn what how are the meat balls were
Scented that's all I had I had a meatball and I had some sausage and peppers and a one slice of pizza
I would have liked to have had another meatball, but there was some the guy with a hair net
You know the one I'm talking about yeah sure do standing in line. He shows up every time that very weird guy with a hair
And he ate all the meatballs really yeah, well what they did thought it was say these buffet
After you guys were done they put the rest of the tray over to the other table
And there was a meatball on a half there and the dog man I
Guess the guy with the bad shirt that they were trying to get rid of him
He was just putting stuff in his pocket. It was unbelievable. Yeah, he wouldn't golfing it all up a real
Yeah, he first of all he starts it all up then he starts screaming
He stands out in the middle of the crowd starts screaming about how little food
They're not enough food for everybody and what a rip off this is so we finally had his ass kicked out
Hey, listen, we had to wait a little bit for the food, but it was just sensational. Yeah, it is he did the
Salvas up quite often got a Hank's tank spy report for you quite overdue in fact, but
I'm a seasoned ticket holder down at the arena for the heat games and I sent the whole
Using with the privilege of hanging tanks sitting right across from me, you know in the press area with Tony Sarge and so and the like and
That man can eat yeah, no two ways about it. Absolutely. We take best before every game
You know how many times tanks gonna go out for food and the total food is gonna eat
I went quite a bit of money there. I don't want to be roses and listening right now because I know that's illegal
But I'm man. Yeah, some people have to win money and that's to do something you might recover their gambling losses
I guess the win money to cover his eating losses
He's something not shows in a hand
Or drink and beer and slapping no then brighten on the back and
Sports people man, they know how to suck it up don't they well, I think I'm gonna I'm gonna change my career
I'm gonna become a sportsman. I understand it didn't cause me anything. Yeah
You got it
He really isn't like that. I work he'd stop killing for the track and for the dolphins
And you know just tell it like it is
Don't claim to tell it like it is really telling like it like Joe the gucky right there you go
Okay, yeah, this is jug head all right. Oh, it's jug here. Of course. How soon they forget that's right? Okay, jug
Okay, juggie
Next month. See you. Have a good life. Okay. Yeah. I remember now pressure pack first out
We got a lot of stuff in a battle. We didn't get too much about this new story about the
Pathetically low pay
It's embarrassing and humiliating and speaking of that how do we grow?
Is
Don't have to drive you to drink
Working all those years getting paid like some kind of a slumber Henry Barrow standing by with the 11 o'clock WIOD news
And we're gonna come back with our number two at 1105 Steve has another one of those
horrendous condos stories a but a still hurlwitz and their little dog are gonna be here with
The condo meanies from carriage hills. Okay, because they don't want them to have their little dog
So it's gonna really be something and they're gonna be throwing dog bones at each other and having a nervous breakdown
And we got sports talk tonight sunny and
Whatever else at 605 followed by bush beanband
Steve K this afternoon and two on new stock radio 6th and W IOD
It may call call out the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those stations now
Here's Neil Rogers on new stock radio 6th and W IOD
Oh
You can't be dead you know you're right. I've heated that when the pretty as much as I like Dion that music right there
You can't really grow on me anyway
7.06 to W IOD we're just having a great Monday here and we covered a lot of ground boy in that first hour and
Can't wait till Hank is on here again, so we can you know take a little shot back, which I'm sure he will
I just don't understand it. I mean what is the mind is on stinking business?
Okay, I had a bad experience. I agonized about it on the air didn't I and I said I didn't want to hurt the
Image of all the other kids who are good and honest and don't do it
I didn't have a problem out there before but when two people get ripped off back to back on the same day
It looks like they're developing a problem out there, okay?
But one thing about a lot of businesses in this town in this state in Florida. It's a Florida way to the business
Don't confuse us for example up north
And I guess here too if it's a good restaurant you go in and if you have a bad experience you go to the manager and tell them and they're happy to
Hear about it
Because they want to know of course and a lot of places down here you do that
They look at you like get the hell out of here and go to hell don't ever come back. You know that kind of thing
Don't I'm saying but to be fair
It would be like if somebody called the show and said we don't like that you eat on the air
That would be like my saying get lost or ever call a show again as opposed to saying okay, we will never do it again
Right which we always do that don't we?
That's not a good example
I thought we were the back
Is it all that?
Thanks anyway tomorrow we're doing a four-hour. We're gonna bring a psychologist in who's gonna talk about Steve's obsession with getting everything for free
Right
I've been waiting for this movie passing food
I mean Steve really just has this little hang up. He's got this obsession
With getting things for free
I think the Chinese called out of snores. Now what they call it?
It's 11.07 at W.I.O.D. We'll take a call in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
I'm like oh look at the power of this ring. We are on a thank you for posting that little thing on our death
Everyone who comes in my office to see that I was really yeah, yeah
You were there. I can testify to that
I
Don't
Look up
I was there
What
Of course I do
Don't he was occupied he had he had robin there the first half and then he had to do it the second half
He wasn't he wasn't talking anybody else. He was mindlessly signing autographs on pictures paying no attention to any of the people
A lot of a ton of nice people out there including you
Exactly, but he just was totally oblivious because he had to do a group. He's there sitting there salivating on their
That's not really correct. There were a lot of people talking to me. What you have to do is just want you just say something
Yeah, yeah, why did you do that?
Yeah, well, I don't know. I stopped like that. I'm not a goofy mentality. Well the way it looked to me is you didn't speak to me
I'm sorry, right? You know this is an interesting clock is in person. You were great on the phone
You're just this maybe it's the phone. You know, it's a bad phone
Because you never did speak to me. Yeah
You broke your heart you broke her heart
You broke my heart. That's right. Isn't that cute?
It was pretty cute. It was pretty cute. It was really pretty. It's also a pleasure being the block lady. Yeah
Yeah, she was really very impressed. She's nice. Yeah. Yeah, I'm thankful that you're my idol. Okay. Have a wonderful day
Yeah, okay. She's interesting
1109 at WIOD is Suba Sports Super Grand Opening Sale celebrating their new sunrise location and
Starting this Friday you can get up to 50% off on every item in stock at all Suba Sports locations at
Sunrise be sure to register to win a complete Sherwood dive package
Including regulators boy and seed jackets were a dive computer from Orca
Get a free t-shirt with any $25 purchase and be sure to check out their new huge indoor training pool
Investible get fantastic savings on every item and stuff
It's Suba Sports Super Grand Opening Sale and it starts this Friday and then on Saturday
Me factory reps from Sherwood sequests Crescent Oceania Quinoca and underwater kinetics with thousands of dollars of prizes waiting for you to win
Huge savings on all items free t-shirts with any $25 purchase bring your bathing suit and experience the thrill of scuba diving in their newest training facility at
Suba Sports in the Sun plans that that's on university drive just north of sunrise Boulevard
Okay, no see that wasn't just a mindless jingle
That was for a reason and that's cuz blind Mike
Blessed us with his presence. He did everybody was there on Saturday. I couldn't believe it me the hearing showed up and Nick and
On and on and on and on everybody I just was shocking everybody you'd ever hope to see in a few you hope never to see it
Bob was there from Cooper City, right? So he better govern himself accordingly and Joey was there and Joe
I didn't see Joe was Joe was there with a friend of his they were like backed up against the wall because they were keeping their eye on
They're a truck they want to make sure they had a Terry Claude thing over their license plate so nobody could take them
And it was just amazing. I've never seen anything like it in my life
We don't want to keep boring you with this because obviously the rest of you who didn't show up didn't couldn't care less
Right, but I think I finally had an impact when I said let's get some different and new and people to show up because we had a whole
tons of people that we've never met before right included a few of the chronic regulars
Who just enough to spice it up? Yeah, but a lot of the chronic that we had never met. Yeah, oh, yeah loads of new people
Which was great because who now wants to do those things and go out and see the same
Hundred people every time, you know, I mean some of more nice people and then again some of Marriam morons, okay?
Here's a mobile and Broward. Hello. Hi. Yeah, how you doing now great?
Listen, I didn't get a chance to see you in the bird. I guess they could I wasn't there
And well, you know a lot we weren't there yesterday either so
Saturday
That was a one I didn't see yeah
It's like going out to the call today in fact I guarantee you the Valley Parkers won't touch anything
Yeah, they're not racing today. So I have to call their go out to the highline. Yeah, there you go have a nice safe day
Right, I just a couple things like the cup stock
With a lose three in a row
Well, they scored one run in three games. You don't win too many games with a third of a run again
That's true
Well things, you know, they have that way, you know, I love the way everybody's seizing upon is they had one five in a row including two
Montreal
Yeah up until these three the fact is they don't play well at Wrigley Field
They suck at home. They're great on the road, but they stink at home
Well, it's time to clear that stadium down exactly. I'm off for that. Yeah, don't stay in there some
Yeah, play in the winter with artificial turf. They play well on the artificial turf with all those stolen bases
Yeah, but then they got all the old timers won't be able to play on that kind of stuff
So I have to start getting some more new players
What old timers in the old
Andre Dawson, Rowan. Yeah, he's a real old man. He's 34 years old. He's the oldest guy in the team problem here
Well, you've played 15 years or an old man, right? Okay, whatever you say
Okay, and also just want to say Mac the hack is a douchebag and having a day. Okay, bye-bye and the same to you
Okay, 1115 at W.I.O.D.
Yeah, if there's anything you don't like about the show just call in will change you immediately
Okay, we don't this business about we're not
Interested what kind of crap is that who said that like I was talking about some of the restaurants. Oh
If you have a complaint they should kiss the ground. I mean if it's a legitimate complaint if you're just one of those
Panning-ass people like complain everywhere. It's like people like go into a restaurant order steaks
Okay, and they eat 90% of the steak and then they call over the waiter and they say now this was too topper
It wasn't cooked around not gonna pay for it
Okay, those are just more people looking for a stinkin' free meal
Yeah, that's like watching 80% of a movie and then walking out and saying I don't like the movie
I want my money back. Yeah, and people do that
That would be like listening to this show till about the till the lightning round and then saying you watch your money back, okay?
Let's go to Boca. Hello. Hello. Yeah, I got my money back. Okay, right now as a matter of fact call a bank
There's a number listen, you know, I read that article too about the caller. Yeah, and you mentioned he's in town today
Yes, is there any chance he's coming back? Yes
Well, what do you think he's doing here coming to buy a house of course he's here with a chance to get the located again hot
Damn, yeah, of course of course. I'm one of his oldest fans. Well, he's a great guy. I talked to him on Friday
And he's still he's still you know got a great sense of humor
I don't know how but I I told him he really ought to write a book
He thought I was joking, but I'm not he should write a book as he's had more nightmares in his business than
Anybody could imagine I mean just beyond belief
Yeah, he really ought to including the way they screwed him over at this company
I want to underline that several times because they screwed him here so bad that it's just pathetic
Yeah, they ought to hang their heads in shame
You know and then the nictrugones that the gall to say to me when I first came here
Well, you know what bill does is pass away that well if that's the case
Which isn't true, but if it were the case how come they would hire him in the first place, okay?
That's a douchebag
Yes, he is funny guy. He posted on what he's doing. I'll do it. Okay. See you
51117 at W. I. Do what I'm getting excited about I took I would be off my radio button when they fired go call
There and he got and I'll tell you another guy that really really screwed him over badly badly
Was Howard Prima over at KAT I mean Bill you know he wasn't happy working overnight
Nobody you know had me working overnight to the I. N. Z
But at least he had a good thing going you know we had that thing back in fourth
I was on 8 to midnight he was on overnight and we I used to stick around every now and then we had a terrific thing
on and he had giant numbers he beat the crap out of witchner and of course at that time
Witchner still had good numbers before most of his audience died and
The bottom line is Prima comes along and hires him away in fact
It's in this article about how they were gonna resurrect the great entertainers. Oh, yeah
Well, I don't know if I ever told a story on the air
But one of the guys who's got a piece of the action at KAT
Invited me to dinner one night here a couple of years ago
without telling me what station it was and
Then give me this big come on he's gonna give me a piece of the station and was gonna do this and that
To resurrect KAT. I wish they would just and of course now that it's brokered radio
They just broke her the time which is which is the smartest way now don't turn it down again
It was so cold in here. We came in it was 60 degrees. I put it on 70. Oh, please please
It's so cold. I mean if I'm cold. You know, it's gotta be phased you've never complained these guys are not
It's gonna be a new thing now with a studio over here
Oh, maybe they need to open the fence up and they're gonna do something because it was so cold in here man today
I thought I was gonna die and I look at the thing and it was set on 60 degrees
I need people not
60 degrees you can work in an igloo
And he reaches Mitch reaches his hand in here and he's got a ready to crank it down again. Don't do it
It's just nice now isn't it almost up to 64 now
It's my breath is starting to in fact my my mouth is frozen together my lips
Anyway, what was I saying about K.E.T. and
Boy if I would have ever done that they come along with all these grandiose ideas. They've got any idea what they're doing
Just like the thing with Jim Kelly remember that with the leather jacket covers and
That lasted about 10 minutes the old East Asian. I mean, you know, here's somebody his father will all whatever it is somebody in the family
Bob Howard the station. How are you supposed to be a news flunky when I first went over there?
He was Joe free the system really and he sat out there in the lobby one day when Mrs. Herndt that remember the a senator from New Jersey
The whatever the hell he was the state senator herndt that and
He sat out there. She was ready to fire him and the new PD who would just come in quit
So she brought Howard and instead of firing him she made him program director
It gives you an idea how they run at radio. Yeah, that's like over here
That's a true story. He was waiting that he didn't even know it
He was waiting it hired and she made him program director and then all of a sudden like his father were lost somebody
I bought the radio station for $45 whatever it was and all of a sudden he's a programming expert and what they've done over there
I mean what they're doing on the years bad enough. Okay, it's pathetic
But the bottom line is what they do to people's careers
I mean callers like and not not a child out on the street. He's a guy
You know, he's a human being with a wife and responsibility and they give him a big song of dance and he went over there
It's all too much personality, you know too
I don't mess around with a traffic guy and don't do this and don't do that and they just made him miserable
And then they were gonna let him go that weren't even gonna pay him off. I always the one
I'm always the one who has to be involved in these things
I said don't you dare leave without forcing them to pay off on the rest of the country they were gonna just screw him all together. Of course
It's just pathetic. So anyway, it looks like things are looking up and like he's gonna know what something's gonna happen here
So I'll let you know. I guess I'll probably be gone, but we'll see what happens. Yeah, well no
Bill could call the book do not get in this business. Wouldn't that be a good title?
They're pretty close. I told him the name of the book should be stay out of the
See what I'm saying laugh. Do you think I'm joking? I mean if our good friend can keep writing these stupid books
You know, he used to write checks now. He writes books
You know the one I mean I come just desperately looking here. I can't they're not here. I don't know boy Roger
Just got nuts here with these cards. I can't find anything
Like I said our good friend the fake earthenwright all these books by the slurry King. Yeah, that's a one worth waiting
That's a one
22 past 11 at W.I.O.D. and to take a little break here. I guess we'll be right back
26 past 11 at W.I.D. went. Yeah, I heard yes. I heard
Well, we can take care of it
It's like I'm losing
Good enough to play the whole thing, but we just don't have time so very busy Monday, isn't it boy?
And I guess 26 past 11 at W.I.O.D. we do have an open line in Broward
We haven't given any numbers out here today yet. Isn't that shocking?
It is and if anybody's got any more free food that they want to send over for Steve please do it
I guess we should be the last ones to talk, but you know we do it with people that are desperate to send it over here a little different
But it's one thing to like gravel, you know what I mean?
All the weed gravel down here at times when it looked like we were gonna get shined
But just not the same. No, it isn't the same. Not quite the same genre
Miami, hello, what's the question?
Long time nearly me. How are you doing Larry?
Okay, I've kind of got a Mickey Dane Spire Report that ties into that
I was on the train in Washington DC that was boarding. No, I guess about three weeks ago and
Here she comes waddling down the jetway and
Seems to be having some difficulty and she told the flight attendant it was a long show. Oh, what show was that man?
Larry King and five out of way to tell you
Great. Yeah, that's your fits in together, and that's yeah
He's fun to listen to for about five ten minutes, but he's only fun to listen to when a people from here are calling him
That's what it's really fun. Yeah, I don't know who that is. I don't know who that is. What's the question?
Hey, I picked up your show on the ground and Viral Beach and on the ground
Airplane. Oh in the airplane. I thought maybe just in the air no
On the ground and Viral Beach loud and clear well, not so loud, but clear great
Then a I'm on the ground in Viral Beach. Well, there are a lot of people have been on the ground
By the way, when I get done today, Mitch
I'm gonna cut all those spots in that little room. It's gonna be empty right when I get off that little ugly room in there
Wherever you want. I don't care. Just done a big reel just to get it over with like real fast like in about four minutes
Viral Beach terminal plate. Yeah terminal. My mom lives there nice town, but but but also
Listen now understand Robin was at the aromotive Robin was there a
Terminal amount of time. Okay, just forever just on and on and on but luckily somebody handled it was great
And I didn't know it was kind of like a pseudo psychological conversation. I heard little bits and pieces in the background
Oh, yeah, yeah, hey Glenn. Yeah, I robins age weight size and IQ all the same number. Yes, I see as she told us that she had come out the
Saturday before and we weren't there. Yeah, that's a true story. That is true. I love it
So she's a little confused, but she does live in plantation so she she's got an excuse
I really enjoy talking. Yeah, she was all right for a while
Okay, well I would say it's about the same
Okay, great day. See ya
past 11 at W. What was that?
At W. I. O. D. Well, that was strange. Well, now here's a great record
What's they also don't play? I don't want to start in on magic again
And I know that the trend went zooming. They had these enormous numbers. They're music has gotten so sour so bad
I don't know what's wrong with them. I don't know what's wrong with them. Their music sucks compared to what it used to be
It play all these like sleepy
Dreamy it's like gloves 94 oldies. Okay, you know, they played Bobby Vinton again Saturday night
I love how you love me by Bobby Vinton. Oh, man
I think that I must have a Polish program director over there
Well music director or something. Okay, because you know those Polish people in Bobby Vinton. They just go nuts
I haven't heard this record
I can't remember the online at least every half hour power rotation
Never will hear it
Really pisses me off too
Anyway, it's 11 30 at W. I. O. D. Here's Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah, Neil. I haven't heard that song since I listen to cool 105.9 last week
Well, that was a good station. This sure is. That's wonderful
You pick that thing from four pairs all the way up to Jacksonville. I'll take it back into great station
Absolutely great. They have these little things that they do once in a while to which makes it nice
I you know when you have an oldie station like that. You know about things you like to have a theme for everyone in your shows
I know yeah like our theme today. Yeah, you know, we need pirate radio this week. They'll go to play in the cups
Yeah, thank you for that boy. I wonder how we get to play the Phillies. That's what I want to know
I don't know you'll play the Phillies after they trade for a Guerrero guys like that know whenever game in the world. Yeah, probably
Yeah, I hear that some of the people with Pete roses in a little bit of trouble. No, that's just a room
Oh, okay. I just thought I own sports on the other side. No, no, no, in fact, he said don't bet on it
Yeah, well, I know it's it's you know, it's nice when you can do cocaine you can write people you can murder
But whatever you do don't gamble. Well, see that's what really kills me
I of course I can understand if you're involved in the thing you can be betting
You know, there's a conflict of interest there obviously there's always the fear that somebody is throwing the game or something and it you know
It's dangerous for the integrity of this for but on the other hand
You hear all these people sitting around who are who are betting with bookies and we're giving the odds on high school polo
Water polo games and they're like decrying this terrible thing. He's got this gambling thing
And I you know, I just I just don't understand that whole bookie thing to begin with you know
That's a one thing in America everybody just winks and laughs and everybody does it
God forbid some guys should get caught like with a prostitute on a biscuit in Boulevard
They're gonna crucify him and destroy his life and put it on the front page of the newspaper
But if you bet illegally in this country no problem at all. Yeah, yeah, I don't understand it
I don't know. Don't get me wrong. I'm all for gambling, but why the hell is it illegal? Yeah
That judge I was pretty funny watching that yesterday. Well, the judge. I don't want to say it
He's already got his comeback line for next week though when they suspend Rose for a year or whatever
The people to send he gonna climb up the steps of the court out
He's gonna say hey, I never promised you a rose party. Cute. Not bad. Have a great life
So all of that to get to that line. Okay, what it was all right wasn't
My own moderate. It's 1132 at W.I. The it's over. We have an opening in Palm Beach
I guess we better mention that huh and now I'm gonna start this spot a little bit early because it's gonna take me a little bit of time
Because I want to we already discussed this with an earlier caller who unsolicited called in right in first call
I think yeah about the melting pot and
And you know, I have to laugh when I listen to my colleague in the afternoon going on about this other second rate
Fondue place because it's a joke at all at a melting pot
And he noticed he never mentions the melting pot by name. I'll be glad to mention St. Gregory's because I we're not paranoid at the melting pot
Okay, in fact, you notice on national TV a lot of times they mentioned the competitor by name
That's that's all had if you're not paranoid and
The bottom line is that the reason they don't serve the old for example fondue with the melting pot is it doesn't work
Not everything is mentioned is meant to be dunked in the fondue pot. I can think of several things right off the bat
and
Lobsters are the same they tried that originally the first place to try it with the melting pot
They tried it as a special I think for father's day year or so ago
Mm-hmm, and just they didn't like it. It just didn't work out
They want their product to be fantastic to be sensational to be orgasmic
And that's why they go to great lengths to use the very finest meats and the greatest seafood and the freshest crunchiest vegetables
And of course that great chocolate fondue for dessert including the unparalleled white chocolate with amaretto
Without almonds in a fight away. You won't find anything bumpy or lumpy in your chocolate fondues at the melting pot because they don't melt up
Nestle's bars with almonds, okay, just just not the way it's done
So you can go to the other place and you can get you know
Oh, you get something for free
Which of course is Steve's idea of a great place to eat as if you get something for free the melting pot
The prices are so reasonable and the food is so great
They don't have to give food away for free to do a tremendous job which they are and
So the bottom line is if you want a great experience
tremendous service and
Delicious fondue the one place to think of is the melting pot with three locations
98.35 cents at drive in South Miami 31.43 North East 163rd in North Miami Beach
And West Apple Road just east of Pine Island and Crayol Springs except no cheap imitators you had for the melting pot
Speaking of shameless I don't believe this man fat rich just walks into our Monday no less Monday
Monday
Straight from his
incredible display
At Toyota Hollywood on Saturday in which he ate an entire tray of meatballs while standing up
We're shocking
You hear the guy call and said you ate his pizza ripped off the guy's pizza is that a true story?
Oh, not that he remembers right when you go when you're about where you've eaten so much you're ready to go into a coma
You don't always remember everything that you stole okay
So he doesn't remember it, but I'm sure it must be true anyway
He heard that we had Arnold's coming in today
So we just happened to come in a little bit early today and I noticed the barks. You notice I brought my own today because they brought it in the other day free
Steve was happy about that
You're getting the hang of it okay, you're really getting the hang of it, but anyway the barks diet root beer is incredible
And it'll kind of probably you know weighing he'll probably bring in some birch beer
So you'll have to help them because we got that container. We got to give back to them
That the frosted mug which they do now have frosted mugs over there in the birch beer
Okay, so you don't have to water it down with ice which dilutes the quality of the birch beer you have to be a real kind of
Weird for that stuff. Anyway, what was I gonna do before he came in and just totally threw me off?
I had something very important that was gonna pass along something shocking
Just flip by
Slip right on by we want to congratulate Zeta by the way and that tremendous remote they did
How would you feel if he went out to do a thing like that?
And we're like six seven people showed up and right next door yeah
We were there with people lined up as far as the other was a bitter pill to swallow up that there was no one there
You know I drove out a big girl to swallow not a person. Well, this whole audience was there. Yeah, no one a person
What a shame
But like I said we're gonna be speaking of gambling. We're gonna be taking up office pool on when Mark Cune and Rosefolds
You're both get it at the same time. I mean how can how long can that go on amazing?
Maze is me. Oh, I know I rich showed up today
Of course we'd had big smile on his face because here's another one of these smarming New York met fans
Alex say hey, we need the billies. We need the billies. Oh, oh, oh, oh, big deal. Okay, the Rochester Red Winds could be the Phillies, okay?
Did you win this one? Yeah, we lost three games. Okay, they forget about the five and a row we won before that including two in Montréal
We'll see how the match do in Montréal the next three days. Okay. We'll see just how great they do up there
Meantime it. It's like there's three teams within a half a game. So it's anybody's race
Anybody's race and I'll grant you we're falling apart at the seams
But they'll be put on a good show for a while anyway for a lot of day. Hello
Great. I don't bury
Okay, no, it's not a cup. He's all upset because he we had a let me tell the audience a little story
There were a lot of people who came by on Saturday who were Cub Spans and they had you know shirts on or caps or whatever
Every time and he wasn't even paying any attention
He's talking to Robin and the dark lady for three hours. Okay, but anytime anybody mentioned baseball all of a sudden his head started
perspiring and he got right in the face. Oh, are we gonna have to hear about this for three hours?
Nobody was even talking to him about it. Okay, but it's just it's like a Pavlovian response. Okay. Like an automatic reflex
A little bit of exaggeration. He could be sitting at home down in Kendall and somebody in sunrise could be talking baseball
And all of a sudden he starts sweating and getting computations. He doesn't know why but he gets upset
Well, I was there outside. I tried to get an autograph from the bird. He was a bit too busy
He was busy, though. He was real busy
Yeah, I got a I got my picture taken within the oh, I don't know if you remember me
I was the hippie type with the add-on whatever you say. Yeah, I was wondering if I'm gonna get that into an eight by ten
I was wondering if I sent it into you with a return envelope if you could autograph it. Of course no problem
Just in the 50 or 100 bucks. Okay. No, no problem. Okay. Um, I was also wondering did a
The D lady show up there? Of course. I don't know. I don't want to say her name not the dork lady, but you know, oh
Donna
No, no, she never showed up. She's another one of those all talks. She didn't show up or if she did
She didn't we don't know who it was yeah, I know who she is
Unfortunately the blotcher named bambi did not show up with her panties and a lot of guys really pissed about that true
Like there were guys taking off their underwear in a hallway and they were getting upset
Good with that. I mean great. What is gone? Yeah, you must know that lunch is coming from Arnold's today
Yes, it was
Uh-huh. Okay. Well, that's about it. Neal
Star struck down. It's about what I don't know. Just seeing you in person. You know, you just
Yeah, it's shocking isn't it?
That's why we stay inside most of the time
Okay, have a great day. Okay, let me call a Robin Todd. You're both a couple of douchebags. You're right. Okay. Thanks Neil
Bye-bye.
20 till noon at WIOD boy. It's a great day for the Irish isn't it?
Hmm, that's the old saying isn't it's a great day for the Irish? I don't know what the hell that means
Uh, glory fades for radio news. We haven't had too much of a chance to get into this in depth
