Neil Rogers, on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD.
It might not be as bad as everyone says.
Hi, I'm Sue Nallison.
Notice you haven't seen me in movies for a long time.
That's because I always wet my pants.
Remember my love scene with Jimmy Stewart and that moddy strat and fixer?
I was so...
Do you know Gene Kelly's famous dance and singing in the rain?
That wasn't rain? That was me.
But I'm back.
Thanks to deep-end adult diapers,
they're so absorbent it's like having two rolls of toilet paper in your back pocket.
Oh and each diaper has colorful pictures of the great stars of the forties.
Fred Astaire, Donald O'Connor, and there's me.
Do Nallison, I still wet my pants.
But thanks to deep-end, I'm working again.
You're a bastard.
Okay, it's a 1006 at WIOD.
That is a little preview of the kind of day it's going to be.
It's going to be great.
Okay, because I'm not pulling any punches today.
You know, we had the holiday on Monday and I was sick as a dog.
And then yesterday we had the air was still out.
And the audience was celebrating Monday all over again.
Oh yeah.
And today I hear the rumor through the grapevine is all the big shots
in a building got their golfing shirts on today.
So you're going to be able to get that one.
They didn't have a long enough holiday weekend.
Okay.
I mean, let's face it, three and a half days just it doesn't do the job.
Now do you think if the AC was off in the bureaucrats part of the building
it would have been two days to get it fixed.
Do you really think?
Two minutes.
Two minutes.
Anyway, how about those cubs?
Boy, I can't, I don't think I'm going to make it to the All Star break.
I just don't think I mean, I win a three to two and I have to bring in Mitch Williams
at the end of the game.
I can't take him, you know.
He always gets the job done or usually, but boy, he just makes it exciting.
Okay.
We got an old bag and then the meds.
How about you, med fans out there?
How they, it was close.
There was only 10 to three.
They lost to the giants last night.
And then I made the mistake.
I was fishing.
I couldn't sleep because well, you know, the pressure of the game you paced the floor.
And so I'm pacing the floor and I turned on the Canadian, in Montreal,
I can get what was the French telecast.
We didn't come in all that good on anic one on the Canadian satellite,
which is a very weak satellite.
Comes in okay.
And I was watching it and I turned it on just in time.
And the Dodgers were ahead four to one on the night thinning in Montreal scored four runs.
That Dodger, bullpen, he couldn't get me out, okay.
And so I just didn't work out.
But anyway, it comes there two ahead, but I have a feeling they're three and a half ahead of the meds.
Now, wait a minute.
Let me get this clear.
Now you are up to all hours of the night watching a baseball game in France.
And the cardinals lost two in French, yeah.
Now that ladies and gentlemen is a true definition of a sports nut.
In France.
Anyway, we're going to very important call.
Got to how you passed it.
Okay.
That's her, isn't it?
No.
No, that's how she's more like.
You're a best fit.
See, similar.
It didn't have the same flare.
What was all the feedback on that call?
Did you notice that all that?
Are we going to have one of those days again?
A Roblo spy report? Hello?
Neil.
Yeah.
How about the McBean on Negotiating now as we speak to get the video.
And they're going to go to some bar one of these days and show it.
Who cares?
I care.
I'm going to ask.
I'm going to ask.
What do you call it?
You know, I'm recovering addict, sex addict.
A pervert, is that what you're trying to say?
You know what this is going to do to the 16 year old girl population here in Top Florida?
If they show that video.
First of all, they've shown the video was on the Murray Puppet Show,
did on television.
But they're going to show it.
Steve is doing a whole show on it tomorrow.
They're going to show it in it entirely.
Entirely.
It's entirely.
Let me please start with with your IQ and a bottle of Bud.
You ought to go all the way.
I can show it to you.
I can show it to you.
And it's entirely.
Anyway, I must confess, you know, I'm not usually swayed easily, especially by Steve,
because generally if he says, you know, especially like with his abortion thing,
which is so, I just, when he keeps talking about our freedom of choice,
and then he wants to take away women's freedom of choice over their own body,
I don't like that.
I really don't.
I think it's a cop out.
You know, and he makes all these, well, he's decided that life begins at 40 or something.
But anyway, the thing with the Blockbuster video, I have really bad feelings about it.
Nobody has spoken to me.
Don't get the wrong impression, but it's just, I think I got sucked into something
that I don't want to be a part of, and I'm going to tell you why.
You know, he gave me this poor sob story about how well, you know,
they did it for religious reasons, and they're pontificating the public,
trying to pass their morality along to everybody else.
But then we had that call on the bat line from somebody who had spoken to a woman
at one of the Blockbuster locations down there, and she said that it was the company.
The company owned stores were the only ones that were doing that,
and then the individually owned franchises were going to stock at some of them.
In other words, it was up to them.
So they weren't dictating to the other franchises, and the boycott,
which is what effect this is, what people are tearing up their cards,
would have hurt everybody.
You know, if you tear up your Blockbuster card, it isn't just going to hurt, you know,
certain stores, it's going to, you're going to stop doing business with any of them.
Yeah, of course.
So it reminds me very much of the Exxon thing, which it seems to me that Steve,
just like I was, was knocking at all these idiotic tacos getting on her,
you know, sending a cut up your Exxon card, because all that did,
that didn't really hurt Exxon.
It's just like dropping a, you know, a tinkle in the ocean.
Yeah.
But that hurts the independent dealer, you know, the, yeah, the service station guy,
you know, when people stop buying their gas, it's not going to hurt the company that much.
You're not even going to notice it. It's a joke.
But it seems to me this is the same thing.
I don't, I don't think I want to be involved in it.
Okay. I really don't. I think it's a mistake.
Everybody loves to jump on the bandwagon on these things.
And I don't know, like not for me.
I don't know.
So if you cut up your card, you send it to me.
Don't do it anymore. Okay.
Because I'm going to, I don't know what I'm going to do with them.
Turn them over to the CIA or something.
But don't send me, if you want to send your cards and send them to Steve.
I'm just, Steve loves to do that.
He really does.
And what kind of cinched it for me today.
I looked at these schedule.
And again, I'm not trying to interfere with anybody's show.
But I didn't I predict this?
Absolutely.
Remember when Roger gave me the thing out of the paper a few days ago that this douchebag got fired,
which is long overdue.
He should never have been on a year in the first place because he's, he's so far transcend.
This guy is such an anti-Semite and such a, such a hate-monger that there are no words to describe it.
And he wouldn't deny that. He revels in it. Okay.
Fired conservative Cuban radio commentator Felipe Rovero talks about freedom of speech,
the Holocaust and much more on the cane show this afternoon.
Didn't I predict that?
I just, I find that so reprehensible, I have no words to describe it.
The Holocaust.
I mean, they finally got this guy off the air.
They finally got him, even they had enough sense to get him off the air.
And we're going to give him four hours of air time to spew his hate.
Oh, sure.
He's another one of these, you know, the Holocaust didn't happen.
Oh, no.
Or, you know, one of those, I mean, I don't want to put words in his mouth,
but he's just, just obsessed.
Well, you called it.
Yeah. And I predicted it. I knew the first chance they get him on.
They'd put him on the air and give him air time.
I just, I can't deal with it.
I just can't deal with it.
But anyway, I'm not having anything to do with the blockbuster thing.
And if everybody wants to have a good time with that,
I just, I just don't believe in punishing business people over a nitpick.
And that's basically what it is. Like I said,
there aren't 15 people in this entire audience of this radio station
who give a damn about last temptation to Christ.
I mean, I don't, so it was nominated for Academy Award.
So was Roger Rabbit, okay?
That's true.
I don't want to see either one of them.
To me, they both have the same social relevance,
okay, because they're both fairy tales.
All right.
And I just, I'm not going to, I don't like getting sucked into those things.
Well, we first came over here.
There was a thing going on with WOLD, remember?
And it was some thing of, oh, yeah, it was about Alice and Sandy.
We're getting their contracts. We knew.
And all of this.
And we got sucked into that whole thing.
And then it turned out not to be true.
Let him keep it on his show. How about things?
Exactly. I mean, we don't ask anybody to, you know,
come in and eat our food except the newsroom.
You know, we do our own lunch and they can eat their lunch.
Is that, is that a good parallel?
Yeah.
I like that.
By the way, after the break, I'm going to tell you the real story
about the lunch, why there's been a little nervousness in the newsroom.
But after the break, anyway, I want to tell you,
last night, for example, I stayed up till the wee hours of the morning,
watching the Montreal Los Angeles game in French from Canadian satellite.
I saw the Dodger game or the Metz game.
What you, I guess, just about anybody, because it was on WOLR.
But if it would have been on the sports channel, I would have seen that too.
Saw the Cubs win over Atlanta on WGN.
I didn't have to listen to the imitators in Atlanta.
And the bottom line is so many of the sporting events that you love.
You're going to get to see if you have your own.
My, because Dorothy made a comment to me last Friday that she was going to be on vacation this week.
And she said, I'm afraid the kids in the newsroom are going to be nuts.
Right, you mentioned that.
And I said, don't worry about it.
They're, you know, just fine.
In fact, some of them are really fine.
But so there's a memo up there.
Part of a memo where she says she's going to be on vacation and so forth.
And what's going on, just all that says is, feel free to get food from Neil
but keep socializing to a minimum.
That's all.
Well, I don't like that.
I think there ought to be a lot of socializing, all depending on who we're talking about.
But of course, Ross is not your type.
Anyway, um, a lot of people talking about that by the way.
You're the talk of the town.
Right.
No, I'm not joking.
What are they talking about?
You are the talk of the town.
Oh, come on.
Even fat rich was like, oh, he was.
Yes, he was.
I spoke to him last night.
He was apoplectic.
He was facing the floor.
I bet you even watched some of the meds game last night.
He must really be depressed by now.
He was hysterically said, well, what he said?
I thought there was a major announcement coming.
I did not come out.
Yeah, right.
So, uh, Ross, whether it isn't, how about Rob Lois?
See your time?
No.
Oh, because you got a whole bunch of, well, he's got all this Rob Lo information here.
I thought we check it out first.
That has nothing to do with me.
What?
What has to do with the movie again?
Let's see.
Yeah, I'm going to show on the show.
See, that's more like it.
The Rob Loat tape tomorrow.
That's more like a show.
This Felipe Rovero, we need him like hemorrhoids.
We need, and of course, I'm sure that within any day now, we'll be doing a show with the
Ellis Rubin and a guy from the Navy, you know?
Any day that's coming up on a cane.
Trust me.
You can bet your lungs on it, even more of a lock than Northern Wolf.
Wow.
All right. Now, what's the Rob Lo thing here?
Well, this is the new star, June 6th star, and it's got two pages of fascinating information about this tape.
The headline is the sex, the sex capades that Rob Lo filmed in Suite 28.
It's got 24.
Can I see the pictures?
Sure.
Because I'm one of those who can only look at pictures now.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
When I started doing this kind of a show, I'm reading this to you.
Low and Princess Stephanie were hot and heavy.
Oh, come on.
When you people stopped this already.
When you cut the crap, let me...
You think you're fooling somebody?
This is like Michael Jackson and what's your name?
You know, with a fat butt.
What's your name?
That.
Discuss this last week.
With the jeans.
Oh, Brooke.
Brooke Shields.
This is the same chaserite.
I guess it is.
Get out of here.
Rob Lo has a roving eye for a pretty girl such as this beach beauty he met at the Cannes
Film Festival just days before the sex video scandal broke.
I see this is all part of it.
It's working brilliantly.
It's all part of a PR campaign to butcher up his image because a lot of people are concerned.
What is that?
It's in People Magazine.
What is their conclusion?
They say the verdict is still out probably.
Or Rogers got people.
See, he's everywhere.
He's getting all this publicity.
Oh, yeah.
And people actually think he's more butch than Marlon Brando now.
Yeah, bring that all.
Look at that.
Rogers got tons of stuff on it.
Good.
We can look at the pictures.
Go ahead, even though he's not your type.
Jeez.
Anyway, it's a very poor choice of words yesterday.
You really, you really blew it, if I can say that.
A video romp in the buff gives heartbreaker Rob Lo.
A little too much southern exposure, it says.
Yes.
Oh, well, I wanted to read you this.
Well, we got a whole bunch of them.
They all thank you, Roger.
They all tie in together.
Oh, I know.
Or do you want to have an exclusive?
They're like a well-apparice.
There's some things in here.
Are you trying to be the Loella Parsons of W-I-O-D?
Now, look at this.
Princess Stephanie.
She's got an outfit here.
She looks like a guy.
I know.
Did you see that?
No, he looks butcher that he does.
Other pictures over.
She's, yeah.
Looks the alley.
Fawn Hall.
Wow.
Belinda Carlyle.
Uh-huh.
China Phillips.
Now, look at, I want you to look at the shadow
with that picture over there over here.
Yeah.
Doesn't that look like ET?
It does.
That doesn't look like a human.
I mean, they've shadowed it out a little bit, you know.
But it looks like ET.
That isn't human.
Maybe Rob is doing it with extra terrestrials.
Is that possible?
I think it's a lot more likely than this other story.
Oh, man, they are really living in a dream world.
This is accomplishing just a look at this.
He may face felony charges.
Rob could get 20 years.
And boy, I bet you they'd like him in prison a lot, you know.
He might be right at all.
I don't know.
See, I don't really care.
Do you care?
No.
I don't care.
Of course not.
Do you care?
No.
Oh, okay.
Hold on.
Now, you're not going away already.
No.
Okay.
Let's take this call from plantation because it's about blockbuster.
Hello.
And they hung up.
Well, they obviously cared a lot.
I was going to get them on first because I just saw it on the screen.
And they were going to talk about something that I mentioned here a moment ago.
But because we took at least two minutes about Rob Lowe,
it was just more than they could handle.
Is that I'm calling back?
No.
Well, screw them.
Okay.
Must've been one of those people who cut up their cards.
Save your cards.
Okay.
I don't want anything to do with it.
I don't, you know, when you go on the air and you do something that can ruin somebody's business, you know.
Yeah.
Just nitpicking over one.
I, you know, I do agree with part of the principle.
And it's always the lunatic right that's, you know, dictating what we can see and what we can read.
And that the rest of the so-called mainstream sits back quietly.
But it's not like there's some big tymos over this, okay?
You know what I'm saying?
It's not like there are people scurrying at the door to see the last temptation of Christ,
which was not exactly what you call a blockbuster movie if I can say that.
Well, here's a mobile about it.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
You know, the thing is, is that blockbuster video, like other disseminators of free information have responsibility
to the public to provide the information that's available.
And if they, if they give in to any sort of a special interest.
So you didn't listen to what I said.
They're allowing all their franchises to carry it or not carry it as a case of a family.
They're not allowing it.
They just, they have to allow them to do it because they're franchises.
These people own their own stores.
They can't stop them from carrying it.
Sir, you're out of your mind, okay?
Because any company can set their own rules.
It's like the fast food, the outfits.
There are plenty of independently owned ones, but they can't put different items on the menu or just do their own thing.
They're all governed by company guidelines.
So don't tell me a, you know, a song and a dance.
But a lot of, but they can't sell their own thing if they want to.
Just as long as it doesn't compete or directly in a fear with the menu that they make dials as.
They can't sell somebody else's hamburger.
There are another type of french fries.
But they can put other, you know, trinkets out there in order to...
No, they can't.
You're wrong. You're absolutely wrong.
All of that stuff comes direct from the company.
Okay, it's all made by the company.
Well, they, they can.
I'm depending on the franchise.
Well, so this is the world according to you making it up as you go along.
I guess, you know, I mean, what kind of a conversation can I have with a guy who just makes it up as he goes along?
I'm telling you, I guess they're going to start, they're going to start carrying a Wendy's at McDonald's now.
You know, I don't know, I don't know what you're talking about.
So if they're...
The bottom line is that it's not a major stimulus.
There are a lot of these independent stores that are going to carry it.
And if people start carrying, tearing up their blockbuster card,
it's going to hurt people at heart part of this thing that you are all upset about,
sir, and I don't want to talk to you.
I mean, I'll talk to people who want to be reasonable about it.
All I'm not going to change my mind again.
Okay, it must have been a, it must have been the heat in here yesterday.
It caused me to keep it so easily.
Yeah.
It's a 24 past 10 at WID.
Let's talk about char-hut.
Now it's an excellent time because I just mentioned it all.
No, it is a perfect time.
Because at char-hut, they really do it their way in your own.
The night after the Roblo party, the two redheads came back into the club,
all bubbly and smiling, and very pleased with themselves.
One told me we went back up to Rob's room,
Rob set up his video camera, and he told us what he wanted us to do.
But Rob made a fatal mistake.
He allowed the two women to call a friend, the girl who turned up with a guy,
was a young teenager.
She turned up with a guy.
Doesn't that sound as you read more of this?
Doesn't it sound much more realistic?
Just something here that's missing, okay?
Something that doesn't meet the I.M.
And a guy turned out to be a David Cassidy Jr.
Anyway, it's 1028 at WIOD.
We got a Cubs call.
We better get this out of the way so you don't get upset.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
I'm not really a Cubs fan, but I listen to every day,
so I kind of start to follow them a little bit more and more.
And I thought they were on, they've planned to praise me.
How about that Greg Maddox boy?
He didn't have his best stuff last night, but he pitched a great game.
He did, but the play I was amazed.
That was when Dunston was a second, and Maddox popped it up.
That's Dunston.
And Dunston ran all the way to third.
I was saying, I was...
Sean Dunston, on a sign over half, is checked at Dunz Zimmer.
Whenever they get paid every week or every month,
they have to sign half it over to Zimmer, because Zimmer has given him more chance.
They got this kid, Domingo Ramo.
He's not a really kid who's played great.
Every chance he's gotten, he hits the ball, he's a good fielder,
and they keep insisting on Dunston, man.
This guy, he'll never hit over 200 again.
He'll never see 200.
And I don't think he's going to steal out of base, is he?
No, because he gets picked off or he gets...
He's stretched the single into a double,
and everybody's all excited, and then on the very next guy's up,
Maddox pops out and he gets doubled off second base.
I never saw a second baseman pick off a runner who had a big deal.
Did you see the pitch he struck out on his last time at bat?
Even Harry was apoplectic.
Harry was doing a tap dance in the booth.
He was hitting Steve on the head with a microphone.
All right, and that's right, because you were a good dodgy,
and I was watching a TBS.
Well, see, you don't have your satellite dish,
but so you got to settle for those fakers, okay?
The last pitch he struck out, that ball almost within his eyes.
And he's...
Oh, he's...
Don't knock Mitch Williams, sure.
Don't knock Mitch Williams.
He's taking 10 years off my life, but he gets a job done.
Let's not get too intensive here, because somebody's pounding already.
It's really...
Hostel, he's hysterical, okay?
Can we get away from sports talk for a few minutes?
No.
A couple minutes, I mean...
Well, Barablo is going to be on the team.
I mean, if that's...
Oh, okay.
Well, there he goes again, sir.
He's really serally.
Well, it comes, he got a lot of good-looking guys on the team.
They're just not his type.
Have a great day, Pat.
You did.
See, even Mark Grace?
I don't know who that is.
Well, see, it's a learning experience.
Oh.
You're broadening your horizon.
No, no.
It's 10-30 at WIOD.
Okay, now let's get back to the Roblo thing, because you obviously got some heavy-duty stuff over there.
Well, wait a minute.
I'll give you just to make one for the...
In temperate remarks of this last caller.
Listen, if all you can do is call the show and say, hey, Neil, how about them cut?
Ami, please, not today.
Can we have one day off from there?
In other words, it would be better if they call it a glib.
How about Phoebe's boobs?
Are they bitten around?
No.
I mean, it's either a case.
In both cases, if that's all you can do, would you please get to the...
How about if Phoebe's played on the cup?
How about if she was the Batgirl?
So that's a serious question.
If Phoebe's could get the job as Batgirl on the cup, would you take a little more interest?
I realize it's just...it's strictly hypothetical.
But again, we're talking about Roblo and women here, so you know it's a fantasy show.
Seriously, if Phoebe's was scantily clad as the Ball Girl, you know, teams have Ball Boys and Ball Girls.
The hurricanes have got Ball Girls.
They do.
They're out there in Omaha.
Believe it or not, I hope they got a lot of chaperones too.
Seriously, they got Ball Girls.
If she could be on the cups, would you take a little bit more interest?
If she was on anything.
Oh, okay.
So the answer is yes.
Well, there you go.
I'm going to call Jim Fry this afternoon, Alabama, Atlanta.
The General Manager.
And I'm going to tell him to sign up, Phoebe, here at the Ball Girl, we can have a whole new core of Cubs fans.
Yeah, well, you would.
Yeah, and she'd like hanging around with Mark Grace and Ryan Sandberg and Maddox and Balucky and Damon Berryhill and Hoi.
Gary Varsho.
I'll talk about hype.
This almost made the fans fine.
Well, we got a lot of good-look guys on our team, okay?
And even now that he shaved that beard off, Mitch Williams looks almost human too, okay?
Now that he shaved that schmutz off.
So anyway, getting back to your...
Now, which magazine have you got?
Star.
You got the star.
Roger gave me...
Is this the inquire?
Yeah, the inquire.
And the people.
Well, I would...
It's the one that's in People magazine, you know it's not gonna be true.
I would like to compare the stories, because the star gives the story of what happened also.
Now, this happened at the National...
The Democratic National Convention in Atlanta, okay?
Last summer.
The girl now 17 told her friend she met low late one night at the bar of the Trendy Rio Club.
A hot night spot frequented by politicians, lawyers and local people.
I just heard an analogy.
I'm Fabian by the way he was on hold.
She told her friend, I was pretty drunk by then.
His friend asked me, you know Rob Lowe the actor?
He liked you and he'd like you to join him.
How about it?
I had no objections.
And so I said, sure.
He led me back to the booth and introduced me to Rob.
He was charming, we had a lot more drinks and did ecstasy, a sex stimulant.
We were all having a lot of fun, laughing, joking, getting high.
Finally, Rob asked me back to his hotel, must have been early in the morning by then.
I told him I was a lesbian and that my girlfriend was at the bar, could I bring her along?
Oh my God.
He told me to go and get her.
The owner of the club, Joanne Fernandez, says Lowe was in the club during the Democratic Convention
and one night he left with two women, I don't know who they were.
Lowe had been at the club on a previous occasion and I easily recognized him.
The friend claims that the girl said the party finally went back to the Hilton Hotel
where Lowe had booked Suite 2844, which cost $650 a night.
When we got to the suite, Rob showed us some videotape of himself making love
with lots of female Hollywood stars the girl later told her friend.
I can't remember who they were but their faces were familiar.
One woman I remember recognizing was Bridget Neelson.
Rob told us he had a whole library of videos of him and bed with famous women.
He certainly had quite a few in the suite.
After the video showing the two girls, but they all had their clothes on, all right?
After the video showing, comma, the two girls were encouraged to undress
and get into the king size bed together.
In the audio videotape made and later viewed by the Fulton County District Attorney
and all the major TV networks, the two women are seen making lesbian love.
Lowe is clearly seen naked and heard and seen at one time approaching the girls
and directing them and cheering out lesbian acts.
The camera was the type which took the video automatically.
There is no doubt it shows actor Rob Lowe's assistant attorney, Louis Slayton,
who refuses to identify the women in Bob because one was a juvenile at the time.
The girl told her friend the orgy lasted until they fell asleep,
but she and the other girl got up.
Lowe wasn't there.
The girl saw the tape which they knew had been taken the previous evening
and decided to take it with him.
The 16 year old girl then hid the tape in the bedroom of the home
which she shared with her divorce mother in Marietta, Georgia.
The girl's friends said the mother had been suspicious of her daughter's relationship
with other girls.
She searched the daughter's bedroom and found the videotape.
She was appalled when she saw its contacts.
The tape was shown to various people to see if she could take legal action
against Lowe.
It is believed that someone copied the tape.
Now at one point it was shown for a month at Stagnight's
at a very upper class country club near Atlanta.
The requirements is the video of Rob Lowe and the women
is a big hit around Atlanta.
It's at a police source.
Besides Rob's scandalous sexual life sports
that they've also showed him, listen to this,
walking around the room drinking beer and sharing a cigarette
with a woman in bed.
Wow.
That is shocking.
That is really heavy duty.
Well that's the story.
Oh man.
The inside story.
I don't think I'm ever going to be the same.
It's 1036 at WIOD and Steve is doing a whole show on it tomorrow.
Yeah.
Isn't that great?
Yeah.
And he's going to have the sister of ET in the studio.
Look at that picture.
That's got to be ET in that.
Not a human form.
No.
Not a human form.
It's true.
Anyway, I want to tell you about Nutri's system.
29, 21 before 11 at WIOD.
We have somebody dropped off in date and I hung up on it.
Fabian again.
Fabian, I don't want to talk to you.
Don't you understand?
You're a chronic pain in the ass.
We don't want to talk to you.
We've got heavy duty subjects here today that are far beyond your
capacity to discuss.
751 WIOD in date.
Steve is doing a whole show on Rob Lowe tomorrow.
So we don't want to steal his thunder.
This is kind of like a little preliminary buildup.
Is that what it is?
Do we show tomorrow?
He showed today we don't want to dignify with that.
Oh my God.
Discussion, okay.
Shocking.
It's beyond belief.
Anyway, so that covers the Rob Lowe thing pretty well.
I guess lunch today I think.
I hate, I don't like to be presumptuous.
Okay, because I know these people have got a life.
And they got a lot of work to do with all these different places.
But I'm in the mood for royal castle burgers today.
I know that Wayne Arnold was just here on Monday with his lovely wife
and they brought tons of food.
But I was sick as a dog and I didn't eat a bite.
Now you know I was sick if I didn't touch the dough.
Yeah, no.
Because boy, those are just...
If I got to have to say between the Italian sausage
and char hut, which is my favorite over there.
And the little cheeseburgers at royal castle that's a tie.
That's not a cop-up, but I just love them both.
Anyways, so that would be my choice.
If of course they could find it.
I mean, they're up there on 125th and northwest 7th.
That's not very far.
No, not too bad.
It's like 20 watts, 46 blocks.
Plus over the cut.
I mean, I don't want to make it sound like I'm pushy or anything like that
because they've been very, very nice to us.
Yeah.
But I'm Jones in for those little cheeseburgers.
And of course Todd's probably going to be in the newsroom today.
And you know him, that's about as much as he can deal with.
What, three Fabie and what? He's on again?
Don't you take no for an answer?
No.
Don't you understand we don't want to talk to you?
No.
And don't take it personally.
We just, it's not your day.
But Amara's the first of a new month.
We let, on the first of each month, we let anybody call all the chronics.
Can't you wait till tomorrow?
Can't you control yourself?
No, I'm just too much of an idiot.
Can't you find something constructive to do?
Aren't you, don't you work?
I'm on work release.
You're what?
I work release.
Yeah, I believe that.
But I'm over here, right?
Maybe, maybe if you release it, you'll feel better.
Maybe the blood is rushing to your head or something.
Hey, Neil, I went over to the Pensacola for a moment.
In other words, you're just going to go right on the head.
You're not listening to me.
I'm trying to be reasonable with you.
I didn't hang up on you again yet.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
Fabian, what do you want?
Well, I just called to say hi.
You know what I mean?
Well, how you doing?
Well, I'm over here hanging on.
Well, good.
See you.
All right.
Is that it?
No.
Well, what happened about going to Pensacola?
I was over there. I was trying to get an EM station.
There's nothing open there.
Well, Captain Dave used to be up in that area.
So I think that says it all, doesn't it?
I guess pretty much so.
Yeah.
Is that it?
Well, yeah.
Well, that's good. See, I let you get it out of your system.
You feel better now?
Yeah, well, thanks a lot, Neil.
OK, put it away, Fabian.
Later.
See, incredible.
He is something, boy.
He just doesn't have to say that.
What's that on the bat line?
Is that for us or is that, I get nervous when I see that
family?
Oh, it's for you.
Oh, it's another one.
It's probably Rebecca Paul.
1042, W-I-O-D.
And if you want to call in and argue with me about the blockbuster thing,
you're going to waste your time.
I mean, go ahead if you want to, but that other guy just didn't want to listen to me.
I don't like hurting people who aren't responsible.
In other words, the basic premise I agree with,
but there are a lot of the individual people who are not making that choice.
And they're going to get hurt too.
Believe me, OK?
Because the people that dummies out in the audience, they're not going to look at their cards.
Oh, well, I don't know if this store is a franchise owned or if it's independently owned.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
They're not going to do that.
They're just going to like a bunch of little automaton's on there.
They're going to, you know, cut up their cards and send them in because they think that they're really making some kind of a statement.
And I just, I don't like doing those things.
I mean, I've run plenty of campaigns in my time, but I would prefer to do it when there's really a need for it.
I don't see any desperate need to try to put these people out of business, you know.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, boy, does that look good?
Look at that.
Tex-Mex Meat Loaf.
It's a velvita recipe in this magazine and his paper on the left.
Doesn't that look good?
It's meatloaf with cheese.
Yeah, looks great.
Chives?
Oh, boy, does that look good, huh?
With onion and parsley?
Maybe my mother would make that next week.
She wouldn't make something like that because I mean, she makes everything great.
Don't get me wrong, but she just wouldn't do that.
Meatloaf with...
Galvita Mexican Process Cheese Spread melted on top of it.
Oh, boy, does that look good?
Now I'm really going nuts.
Doesn't that look good?
It does look good.
Looks damn good because it's getting close to lunchtime, too.
It's already 1043.
Okay, let's, here's another.
I'm taking these out of order because I want to see if there's anybody who really is paying any attention
in what we're talking about.
It's a Rob Low call on, too.
Hello.
Neil?
Yeah.
Long time listener, first time caller, how you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, I used to live in Atlanta.
And you know who Rob Low used to date?
At the time of the Democratic Convention up there?
Andrew McCarthy.
No.
Head Turner's daughter.
Wow.
Yeah, there was a lot of stuff going up there about that.
Boy, oh, boy.
Yeah.
How old is she?
About 10.
She's about 28.
Oh, 28.
Yeah.
That's a little old for Rob, isn't it?
Yeah, he was way out of his league.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, the guy called yesterday about called her.
The fourth floor.
Mm-hmm.
Wait till you go up there and see that place.
I'm going this weekend.
It's incredible.
I mean, it looks like Caesar's Palace.
Really?
Yeah, you'll be amazed.
I'm going to go see Mickey and Martha and just have a wonderful time up there.
Oh, yeah.
That's great.
Well, if I see up there, I'll stop you in the hell.
And if you're going to say hi to my friend Jimmy at the ice cream stand down there downstairs,
then he's a great guy.
Yeah, I know Jimmy.
Jimmy's a terrific guy.
Yeah.
Well, I enjoy your show and you guys do a great job.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, take care.
Bye.
So he was dating.
He dates all these very important people.
Mm-hmm.
So to speak.
So maybe the bottom line is Rob is a lot butcher than we thought, right?
It's unlikely.
But he certainly haven't a tremendous effect.
You know, he's convincing people.
Now, you think he's going to jail?
No.
No.
I think we could take up an office pool on it and we wouldn't get anybody putting in money on the go to jail side.
Mm-hmm.
I just have my doubts.
Now, if it would have been like Joe Schmerrill, Joe Schmendrick in Atlanta,
who had sex with a minor, you know, and made video to everything, he'd be...
he'd have a battery of lawyers already and he'd be up against the wall and he'd probably go to jail for like 15 years, you know.
But I just have a feeling that Roblox, in fact, he'll probably go, what was the Roman Polanski?
That's the country.
He'll probably go back to France with Roman Polanski and the two of them will go out there looking for a 12-year-old or something.
Poets pathetic.
10.45 at WIOD, we have an opening in date and one in brown.
I guess we're getting a little bit too heavy duty for our very intellectual audience out there.
We've got a couple of open lines now.
Well, I guess we usually don't have topics on the show.
We usually try to avoid that very...
assiduously.
Not at all.
Don't let us tell you.
And if you don't understand that word, I'll be glad to spell it for you later and you could look it up in your little Don Web dictionary, okay?
Anyway, what a great day to be out on the water, huh?
Man, if I had...
I'm thinking about getting a boat from Boatsur Us when I was down there.
When we were down there that day, I took a look around at that boy.
I know like looking too hard because you know I have no sales resistance.
For me, we're a couple of boats.
Not the real big ones.
It's 10-11 at WIOD.
We've got this very important Roblo mobile call here.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I was a delegate to the Democratic Convention.
And the first weekend I stayed at the Holton.
And all the big shots were staying up on the 28th floor.
It was the security floor.
The lobby was full of young girls waiting to see these celebrities.
James Bond and Rick Helwell were there.
I haven't seen them, but I had to move up to Dunwoody for it.
That's where the Florida delegation was housed.
On Tuesdays, I unfortunately wasn't back when I had all the exciting events going on.
I have found you a wonderful house in the grove.
Yeah, good luck to you, sir.
There's that Campbell.
Yeah.
On the same street where our good friend Freddie lives.
You remember Freddie from the studio residence?
I sure do.
You could go over and ask instead of for a couple of figures,
you could get a couple of strutles or something like that.
Yeah, that's just what I need, Jack.
So I thought you liked to hear about that.
And down here in South State, or South Miami, campaigning.
And I thought I'd get in before all of the cooks start calling tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Isn't that June 1st?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, we had you on the list.
I was an Asian provocateur the last night.
Yeah, something like that.
Well, just remember, Jack, what goes around?
See you later.
All right, thank you.
OK, 10.51 at WIOD.
And it says here she's a 16-year-old sophomore student
that lasted her high school.
Oh, my name forgot her.
She's gone to club Rio several times or so,
but she gets in easily because she looks much older than 16.
And you have to be 21 again in that club because they serve booze.
And she had a fake ID.
Yeah, he's a thing.
So I think that they're going to be some mitigating circumstances
because she passed herself off as being 21.
Yeah.
OK.
And she was there.
In other words, nobody dragged her in there.
She was there for her own volition, passing herself off as being older.
And I don't know what the law says.
Well, in the star article, it says that Rob regularly picks up girls
at Beverly Hills High School where he goes to Georgia.
Female students leave their phone numbers on the windshield of its 928S Porsche.
Seniors, of course.
Of course.
Anyway, it says here around 2 a.m.
Rob called the manager of the club and told him,
my friends and I are hungry, we need some food.
The manager told him the club doesn't serve food, but Rob shouted,
we want pizza.
Get us some damn pizza.
Yeah.
The manager gave in and later told me if it wasn't low,
I would have booted him out onto the street.
I was checking and begging for booze.
Huh?
What was that?
He was shaking for a bush.
Is the president on the suit?
We're back in Atlanta, according to Roger here.
The word is that the video is going for $500 to $1,000.
Yeah, that's been on the TV news.
Yeah, I saw that on the news.
Now, do you think they're going to be carrying this at Blockbuster?
I want a great idea.
You think that would pacify Steve and Steve would call off his attack
if they carried this video at Blockbuster?
I think that might do it.
I thought about that.
Okay, well, that's what it takes.
1053 at WIOD, Miami.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah, about this Blockbuster video that Steve can is promoting.
I think my personal opinion is the only reason why he's doing this is because he has no material whatsoever.
And he has to stoop as low as possible.
Well, now let's not turn this into a personal attack, and Steve, even though that's probably true,
but let's not go overboard.
Yeah, I just, I don't like getting sucked into somebody else's.
That's a one thing about Steve that's still, we get along pretty well, but it still irritates me
as he loves being the Ojón provocateur who stirs the pot and in lights to drag everybody else to jump into the cauldron with him, you know.
Right, but the thing is, I mean, he probably doesn't even care about it, but he's acting like he does just a promoted show.
Well, it's a cost-celebrate.
I mean, you know, more than somebody did with a spray paint.
Somebody with a spray paint.
Steve can't probably go down to the Miami International Airport.
Spray paint, swat, because on a face.
No, he's going to have to leap a Rivera, do that for the afternoon.
Okay, sir.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
Obviously a big Steve came face.
Yeah.
We have an open line in Dade, one in Brown and one in Bocca.
So the Rob Lowe hour here is really generated incredible excitement.
The fever pitch is just building out there, man.
They're bubbling.
They are?
Bubbling.
Are you sure?
Bocca 278 of a YOD.
Well, we don't want to talk too loud.
You know, we don't want to wake him up.
So what's the verdict on lunch?
You think we're getting any lunch?
No.
What does that mean?
No.
I mean, here's the guy sitting in there who's been fed more free food in the last seven
months than Carter's got pills.
And he has no confidence in us.
Okay.
Somebody will do something.
I mean, I don't want to press Mr. Arnold down there because he, there's such wonderful people
and they brought us enough of those castle burgers to choke the whole barn area at Calder.
I'm going to say to choke a horse, but a whole bunch of horse.
Wow.
But I just, I'm just in the mood for that today.
I don't know.
Oh, he's not in today?
Well, I guess so that's takes care of that.
I guess we're out to lunch on that.
So to speak is a little plan.
Words are, so I guess we're not getting fed today.
That's all right.
We'll survive.
That's right.
We will.
Yeah.
I will.
Well, see, I would have been all right, but then I saw the picture of the meatloaf.
Oh, man.
Yeah, see, that's what.
No, I'm serious.
Because meatloaf is the kind of thing I like once in a while.
It's a real goyish kind of a thing, but I like it once in a great while.
If it's spicy and if it's got something neat on it, you know what I mean?
Like if it's not the best.
No, that's good to be.
And that had that Mexican cheese on it.
Oh, man, it looked good.
I'm trying to put the hell with this Rob Low crap, okay?
See, he's one of those people you really don't care.
I'm sure that there are a lot of people in the audience who care because they live these vicarious lives
and you're all excited about people that they're never going to meet and never going to see.
You, of course, on the other hand, having been a very, very famous.
Movie critic.
I used to rub elbows with all of these people.
Nothing else but elbows.
That's correct.
This is why, of course, he hasn't watched his elbows in many years.
He once rubbed elbows with AJ Dewey at the SNS cafeteria several times.
West Palm Beach, hello.
Hi, how are you doing?
Great.
I just figured out, I might as well tell you that I want to start by saying that I'm not really from West Palm Beach.
My girlfriend was up here, so I...
Okay, we won't blame it on you, pal.
Okay, thanks.
Just so I can be clear to this city.
You can have been hanging out here for the past couple of hours and it's really just a nightmare time.
Yeah, even just being there a couple of hours is enough to turn your life upside down.
You're not kidding.
That's why I'm going to end off the Rob Lowellr with a very special report for you.
How much did you say that the video was going for?
500 to a grand.
Okay, I have the video.
You do?
If anybody over there wants it.
I have the complete...
Well, actually, I've completed it by 20 minutes.
I got about 20 minutes of the video.
And let me tell you something.
If you take a look at this video, like anyone who sees it will have to be convinced that Rob Lowellr is going to get off because...
Well, wait a minute.
That's a play on the hard side thing.
I think that was the idea, wasn't it?
Basically, no, but you have to see it because there is no way that this 16-year-old girl was this nice and modest,
a little innocent girl who got to do this by Rob Lowellr.
Some of the things that she says to him in the video are well-shock-shocking.
Absolutely.
Well, how are we going to get this?
In other words, you're going to sell it to us?
No, I don't want it.
Do you really want the video?
I'll bring it by.
Oh, my God.
That would be incredible.
I have no qualms.
I don't give it to Kane.
Okay, I want this because if Kane gets it, I'm going to be upset.
He's probably got his zone already, but I want it.
Okay, I want it.
Just, of course, for only four scholastic purposes, okay, just so we can study it for on a year to come.
You're in the office, yeah.
Absolutely.
I can't.
In fact, we can probably all get together in Disney's office and watch it on his VCR and you're on the TVN.
Just, you know, strictly journalistic.
Yeah, that's the reason why I got it.
My father's a journalist.
Yeah.
I sort of, I guess I wiped it with the good word.
Fabulous.
Well, I'm going to look forward to it.
Okay.
When are you going to bring it by?
Well, let's see.
Like I said, I'm in Palm Beach at Nightmare Town.
If I can get down there today, I will definitely drop it off today.
If not, I promise you you'll have a 14 does.
Great.
Thanks for million.
Okay, take it easy.
Bye.
I mean, it's not like we're in competition with Steve on it, but I just don't want anybody else in the building.
Get their grubby hands on it.
Now listen to this.
There's a word in here which is amazing.
It says, the inquirer has obtained a portion of the video which shows low performing shocking acts with a female.
A lot of other men looks on.
Really?
Now, I don't understand.
For a form of shocking acts with a female.
Interesting choice of words, isn't it?
What does that mean?
Yeah, I'm not exactly shocked.
Yeah, in other words, not just because the inquirer, it would take a lot of shock.
When you read about the eight-year-old boy that's had his second baby in the other page, you think it would take quite a bit to shock these people in the last panel.
But it says it shows low performing shocking acts with a female while another man looks on.
Huh.
Boy, it just sounds a little bit bizarre, don't I?
Well, you see, actually, what happened is the pressure of that Ducakis campaign.
When he was out there on that train with Michael Ducakis and waving and smiling and really believing that Santo was going to happen.
And then his bubble burst and he just never been the same.
He's going through Ducakis withdrawal.
I see.
Anyway, we have an open line in Brown and one in Palm Beach for the big 11 o'clock hour.
We're definitely not going to eat today.
So it turns into a real bummer again.
I thought it was going to be a great day.
I really just...
I never learned my lesson, do I?
Anyway, Henry Barrow's got the 11 o'clock WIOD news.
We're going to come back at 11 o'clock and Steve this afternoon.
Boy, do I have to promo this?
No.
Fire conservative Cuban radio commentator and famed anti-Semite.
Philippe Barrow will be on the cane show from 2 to 6 this afternoon.
New stock radio 610 WIOD presents Neal Rogers.
To get in touch and talk, call 751 WIOD in day.
524 WIOD in Brawler.
Or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach.
Other areas make all collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neal Rogers on New Stock Radio 610 WIOD.
This is very impressive.
It's a great deal.
It's not even quite cut.
It's 11 o'clock WIOD.
He went on his a lot of pressure building here today.
Yeah, there is.
A lot of pressure.
True.
Now this is incredible, Fulton County.
I'm so choked up about this.
Portland County District Attorney Lewis Slayton says that
Lo has been the focus of a criminal investigation for weeks.
Although the age of consent in Georgia is 14.
Wow.
He could face the prosecution under a law that prohibits the use of anyone
under 18 in a pornographic movie.
The age of consent in Atlanta.
Oh, Andy, a news on on conversion of the tape of channel seven.
Really?
And.
How is it?
And he doesn't have any comment?
Well, why doesn't Andy come in here in Philosin?
OK.
I didn't believe that.
From our news department.
Well, our news people are right on top of these.
Obviously.
So to speak, I didn't get invited.
We got three open lines, by the way.
All of a sudden we were doing just great.
And then all of a sudden, I guess, too much of this,
it deals too much with the subject, doesn't it?
Oh, yeah.
They're not used.
And we don't want to take this away.
Because Steve's doing a whole show on it tomorrow.
So don't get the idea that we're going to talk about Rob Lofor four hours.
Oh, he's busy and he'll be insuredly.
Well, excuse us.
OK, it's like lunchtime now.
You know, when the food gets here, we tell him you can come in now.
And then they come sheepishly and whatever they feel like it.
But I don't think they're going to have that problem today.
Because I think we're getting shine totally.
This could be the first day in weeks that we
don't have a particle of food coming, isn't it?
First day in a long time.
I think.
It could be wrong.
Since the day after my birthday party, we only
didn't eat today.
Oh, yeah.
But there was a reason for that.
Yeah.
Palm Beach is open 655WIOD.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I know it's pretty ridiculous.
A bokeh call about blockbusters.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yeah.
I agree that you don't want to hurt the franchisees.
But up here in Boca, there's three blockbuster videos
and they're all corporate stores.
So everybody up here can cut their card in half.
OK.
Taiwan missing the point.
Yeah.
Boy, so ridiculous, you know.
It's really good.
No, I really don't.
I don't like the whole idea.
It's just so arbitrary and just can do so much damage.
So if they, I'm not going to get into it.
Because if we do that, then I'm going to do a whole show on it.
And we don't do that kind of show anymore.
OK.
Thank God.
I just, you know, Steve wants to do that.
He's got his right.
Of course, more power to him.
Let him do his thing.
Let him run his own campaign.
I don't want to get sucked in on anybody else's campaigns
anymore.
OK.
I'm not doing campaigns unless it's something
that I really feel strongly about.
In fact, it seems to me that every time in all the years that I've
been in this market and Steve's been in it, every time that I've
done a campaign, whether it was Save Our South Florida or anything
that was accused by him and others of being a bigot.
And I was doing it for all these other sinister purposes, which I was
not.
And I think history bears me out very well to see the tracks that have
been left by the way the Murray all vote lift was handled, for
example, and a lot of other things that have gone on in this town.
But, but now all of a sudden, I'm over here.
You know, there's this attempt to just, it's like Norm Kent with
his rotisserie base.
Norm, you're a wonderful guy.
But if you want to continue behaving, you know, in your baseball
life, like a five year old child, that's fine.
I mean, that's great.
See, I just watched the games because I enjoy them, you know,
because I'm a Cub-Span.
I love the game and I just have a good time.
I don't have to have a bet on a game.
I don't have to have some financial interest.
I don't have to take, you know, die jail after the game.
Just a game.
That's why they call him that.
Isn't he sent me a letter?
Did I say this on there?
Send me a letter a few days ago about how they inviting me.
They have a team open in a rotisserie league and it's only 130 bucks and
on and on and on.
It was shocking.
It was more shocking than Rob Lowe.
Whoa.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, we have both the Palm Beach lines open.
This is getting me really peeled, you know?
We were, we were off to a pretty good start.
Seems like we got Monday out of the way yesterday.
And Palm Beach now is crapped out.
I guess this is as far as we can go on this show with the discussion
of any substance, okay?
Other than dying over here.
That's about what we can do.
Okay.
Why don't we admit it?
All right.
Steve, you shouldn't feel bad because this audience can't deal with anything.
Even semi intellectual anyway.
All day dying over here.
That's the best they can do.
Okay.
That's all our callers could have speaking of dying over here.
What do you want Spencer?
It's Spencer.
Yeah.
I think girl pan take some more.
I got it like that.
We're good.
It's shiny glass out there.
Shining like glass.
Well, that's good.
It better be shining like glass.
Are you going to have a shining ass?
Okay Spencer?
Don't be my please.
Don't hit it.
My friend.
I love it.
Did a good job.
I'm you checked it out personally because I know it couldn't have been you
that did it two weeks ago.
I put my glasses off and look.
Oh, did you?
For the first time in years.
Spencer even sleeps with glasses on.
Okay.
Got to.
Yeah.
Let him know.
Yeah, Spencer's here today and it's his last.
That's the last day of a May last Wednesday of May and the last day of May.
And so the last day for that $30 special if you want if you're in the building
and you want your car washed and waxed if you want a good hose job from Spencer.
It's 30 bucks today.
Okay.
30 way to put it.
Yeah.
I think it was an accurate way to put it.
So the vet is looking really good.
No smear.
No smuts.
You sure now?
You checking out all those bugs are gone now?
Yeah.
Well, that was you let me down Spencer.
That's the first time ever.
Yeah, you're going to hold me up.
Yeah, I bet.
Okay, Spencer.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
We'll see you around the old barn.
Say goodbye to our friends at Zeta to next Monday.
Okay.
Because they're going to be leaving real soon.
It's 12 minutes after 11 at WIOD.
We have it opening in Boka at 2789463 278 WIOD.
These phones should be blazing.
They shouldn't they?
They should be blazing.
No, I said get out of here Spencer.
Get out.
Man, the man is all in here for his own show.
So he's almost as bad as the guy that called you and invited
himself on the show and I'm on vacation.
He's I'm serious.
He's right in the running there.
So anyway, in the last two days we've discovered some really
amazing things we found out that Ross is not the birds type and we found out
that Rob Lowe performed shocking acts.
Now you put those two things.
Are they really equal?
Well, I'm really equal, but they're just overpowering.
I'm more repupping may come to town.
He may just come to town to cover all of this.
Anyway, it's 11 12.
I think I said that at WIOD we'll be right back.
This is Steve Cain for the East Coast Fisheries restaurant and market more
than just a restaurant.
The East Coast Fisheries are commercial fishers.
They have a fleet of 38 boats that go out every night and come back.
We're getting all.
The good one word goes.
I think I'll speak just dark.
Did man be louder?
칠 dinner scene when talking about
the generation.
Ian or Christian.
Do you arrange on like a.
That's what the author is.
It just goes, huh, huh, forever.
How much will you offer for pain?
I need taking a presentation.
Wish we could hear what we all say.
I'm not here to be seen.
Wait, you're all for porn and cake.
Just wanting a maceration.
Talking about degeneration.
It's degeneration.
It's degeneration, baby.
It's degeneration, Baby
It's degeneration
Baby, mates, keep preaching.
Talking about my association.
I'll give you.
Talking about yay
What's every quarter in the sun, right?
Is it over?
It's finally over.
Love it's shocking.
Anyway, it's as low as first movie in two years, ironically called Bad Influenza,
getting pulled towards building this summer.
Oh boy, talk about a hype job, huh?
Well, anyway, I guess this puts to rest all those ugly rumors about Rob being not even
as butchers sell many.
I guess he turns out to be a real viral, all-American red-blooded guy.
A surprise.
Yeah.
So he's okay and everybody's booked now, huh?
Yeah.
Even though he's having sex with minors, he's okay.
Let's see, Royal Castle's later.
What does that mean?
What kind of a message is that?
Royal Castle with an L.
Soon.
Oh, they're coming with food?
Oh my God, how do you like that?
Really?
Isn't that incredible?
It is incredible.
Probably their day off.
They're open 365 days a year.
They work 24 hours a day.
They're even open on a holidays and the Arnold's have probably dragged themselves off the floor
because they work so hard to schlep over or send over a bunch of those great little Royal Castle books.
Incredible.
You're amazing.
Oh God.
Well, listen, you know, when you beg real hard, although it doesn't always work.
19 past 11, it depends on what you're begging for.
Yeah, it is.
Miami, hello.
Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
I got a question then.
You are not in competition with Steve to see who can feel like the most blockbuster video card.
What?
Steve came with me yesterday.
You're in competition with him to collect video cards for blockbuster, right?
No, I've dropped out, sir.
I don't want anything to do with it.
So that means you don't want my blockbuster video card for Oklahoma City?
Keep it.
No, send it to from Oklahoma City?
Right.
You don't want that, right?
No.
Okay, and I've been listening to Steve came the best of on Sundays.
Yeah.
And I'm wondering, is there any chance I'm working here standing boom boom on that?
Unlikely.
Unlikely?
Yeah.
And I have one more, I heard a rumor that someone found a video with Rob Lowe, River Phoenix,
and Marty, is that true?
I think that's more likely.
Okay.
Okay, good luck to you.
Yeah, the good one.
Okay, boy, that's glad that guy got out of Oklahoma City.
20 past 11 at WIOD, we have, that must be one of those heterophobics that Stan used to talk about.
Do you ever hear that line of his?
Oh, that's right.
And tropomics.
Yeah.
Anybody who didn't like Stan's show was a heterophobics.
Which I'm not sure I know what that is, but Stan, Stan's got a wild imagination.
In fact, we don't know who the other guy was who came in and watched all of this.
Okay, who observed?
That's right.
So just keep an open mind on that.
So anyway, the guy from, well, he's not from West Palm.
If I say that, it'll change his mind.
A guy who is like a captive up in West Palm with his girlfriend visiting.
Is bringing that tape 20 minutes of it.
I think that should be enough.
Shouldn't it?
Oh, I think about double shot.
See, I'm reading that and I know, I know they used that word just to titulate their readers.
Oh, okay.
It shows low performing shocking acts with a female while another man looks on.
I just don't understand that.
What does that mean?
Like, is he burning cigarette holes into her flesh?
I don't, maybe I'm just too jaded over the years.
I don't know what sex act could be shocking.
You?
I can't think of it.
No, but I'm sure if anybody could rob can.
Okay.
Maybe too many movies with Andrew McCarthy.
Is that possible?
That could do it to you.
It's 21 past 11 at WIOD.
But once we have the evidence, so in fact, what we could do, we could steal Disney's VCR.
We could bring it in here and hook it up to little TV.
And we could screen it on the air and watch it together.
And of course, we'd have to be very careful about what we did, you know, how we do a play by play.
Boy, Gary has one in his office too.
Oh, but boy, better yet.
We steal boy.
Wouldn't want to steal Disney's because he gets real uptight.
Like Gary has one.
He's still boy, Gary's because he's never here anyway.
Like one day when they're out playing golf like me.
Can you believe it?
These douchebags, they take off a three and a half day.
They all leave like midday on Friday, get out as early as they can.
They got three stinking solid days.
While we're sitting here sweating our brains out with no AC.
And then they come back for one day and out of the day, they got their golf clothes on.
Like they're going out to play golf all day, okay?
Well, probably a real heavy lot of power meetings yesterday.
Power breakfast.
Oh, man, I'm telling you.
It's pathetic.
And to think that these people like control our destiny, they control our lives.
You know, I think boom boom is radio incarnate.
Don't you?
He's like the definitive radio beat up douchebag.
Don't knock boom boom, okay? He's okay.
He didn't always use to be that way.
It's 22 past 11 at WIOD Toyota of Hollywood.
We're going to be back there.
Steve and I, in fact, I'll tell you what, we're going to be there on the 24th of June.
That's this week's the third.
So it's like 310 73 weeks from Saturday, right?
On June 24th at Toyota of Hollywood, where we are every five, six, seven weeks we go back.
And you're going to be there too this time, whether they know it or not.
You're going to be a part of that.
Oh, oh, yes.
And anyway, they're going to have those great deals on the fact.
We got some surprises coming up, which we can't tell you about yet.
But we're going to have all kinds of great prizes to give away.
I mean, some really not, you know, we're not going to be selling Neil Rogers t-shirts anymore.
We're going to be giving some really good stuff away.
And hope to really get a big crowd out there.
And in addition, people can bring their cut-up cards to Steve.
And then they can come over to me and they can, I'll paste them together.
How is that sound?
Well, anyway, now is the time to buy.
I don't have to wait till the 24th because the dog days of summer are really here.
I mean, everybody's in the doldrums and people are just not buying cars.
And as a result, they are slashing humongous amounts off the prices on a great selection of beautiful 89 Toyota's
that you already know by now.
I hope that they've got waiting for you over there.
So if you've been shopping around or thinking about a camera for the family or a Toyota Supra or an MR2 for the little sports car,
whatever, whichever the Toyota you want to or a Toyota pickup truck, which is rated by the way number one in the country by Motor Trend Magazine, now is the time to buy.
Great factory rebates, tremendous deals.
And of course, the same nice knowledgeable salespeople that you always do business with at Toyota of Hollywood on 441
between Taft and Sheridan Streets, of course, in Hollywood.
We'll ride in view through the triple crown.
610 WIOD is called to have brought you the Kentucky Derby and the Freakness on Saturday, June 10th.
It's the Belmont Sticks.
And 610 WIOD will again be there to bring you the excitement.
Race and after Dave Johnson will be in the booth for the call and coverage begins at 5 p.m.
The triple crown, including the upcoming Belmont Sticks.
I saw Florida exclusive on New Stock Radio 610 WIOD.
This is Steve Cain from my good friend Joe Dubin at Florida Interestate Moving and Storage.
If you're contemplating a move anywhere, be it a cross-town, anywhere in the state of Florida, anywhere in the country or even in an international move,
the folks to call Florida Interestate Moving and Storage.
I have gone through two moves with Florida Interestate Moving and Storage and I can tell you I am really sold.
One of the great things, first of all, they're going to keep your costs down.
Number two, they're going to treat your property as though it were their own.
They handle everything with kid gloves and I don't know about you, but that's the important thing to me.
They'll even do the packing for you if you want.
They'll even store your furniture in their huge secure warehouse.
By the way, all their storages created sealed and guarded for complete and total security.
Call Florida Interestate Moving and Storage for all your moving and storage needs right now.
They're more than happy to give you a free estimate.
You'll be sure to mention my name and Joe will tell you all about the Steve Cain discount.
Florida Interestate Moving and Storage in date, 592-2044, and in Broward 7613-05, Florida Interestate Moving and Storage.
The 1125 at WIOD and lunch is coming from where I'll cancel.
So, we were uplifted a little bit, I guess you might say now, huh?
Sure. But you don't seem too excited about it.
I'm just...
I bet you the people in the newsroom are pretty damn excited about it. Roger looks happy.
Roger's happy.
I bet you'll be happy and I'm tickled at death. I'm just delirious because that's exactly what I was in the mood for.
I would never have asked because they were just here on Monday. I know it's not their fault that I was sick and I couldn't eat any of them
And of course tomorrow is Thursday and fat Richelbee here so we don't want to you know mess up his diet. It's 26 past
26 past 11 to W.I.O.D. and let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, Neil
Yeah, I'm listening up from Fort Lauderdale. Okay, sir. Congratulations. Yeah, I think you guys are really great, man
I think that club real open Atlanta. Yeah, yeah, there's a lot of weird people up there evidently a lot of weirdos
Now what do you think about that lie where it says he was performing shocking acts with the female?
Do you understand that? Yeah, well, it's a shocking act I guess
Well, maybe maybe maybe the fact that it was him that was doing it they were shocked by okay, because a lot of us have had our doubts
Yeah, a lot of us have had serious doubts. Yeah, I guess so I got you bumper sticker yesterday from char hot
Great. We'll slap it on pound. Yeah, it's on my truck
I don't I see a few of them around you know, but we ought to see him everywhere
You know they ought to be all over the place, but of course so we've got them all locked away and safely in a garage somewhere
But look at him out there. Yeah, I'd like to know when those squeeze bottles coming out tomorrow. Oh great
I'll get one of those two. Yeah, and with the shells last just think about me while you're squeezing it's here
Oh, yeah, I love the bottle later. Hey, Lysik, I call some of it my buddies douche bag here. No problem. Okay, amary and napi you're a douche bag
Excellent job. Okay, take care of the great first call by the way
Okay, great. See you. Thanks. Okay. Don't do it again too soon
I know that was for his first call. He was pretty you know, he had his stuff together
27 past 11 at W I O D an open line and brown where we want to just want to keep these lines smoking today
You know put on an act like you really care. We know you don't but just pretend all right like roblo
And don't forget Steve's doing a whole what does he calling it tomorrow? He reviews the roblo tape
So he must have it or else he's getting it from what I don't really care. I'm not in a contest
I just want to make sure that we have our own copy right okay
That we can kind of look at in slow-mo and freeze frame and just to make sure that you know things are what they claim they are
Yeah
Scientific sort of exactly strictly journalistic research. I want you to understand that because I have no interest in seeing roblo
Naked doing incredible in fact if you've seen any of his movies he already simulated that in every one of them already right
Now the one where he and Andrew McCarthy
Let's go to sunrise. Hello. Yeah, how you doing? Okay?
You're
Fascination it's great. I love it, but now it's June time for the June
No sir don't don't start them when you feel you this is a real that we've been doing all this without Dawson and
Sandberg missed a couple of games and they still one they got a real ball club
You know and even even the last two days when they've left all these runners on bay
They should have had six seven runs last night and they had a
Pormatics man had a pitches guts out and then sit in the dugout and watch Williams nearly give it away again
But when Dawson comes back it's gonna and and how about your own Walton?
He's also been out for about a month
He's coming back next week now the bad news is sir. Wait a minute
The bad news is that Mitch Webster's off the disabled list and he got in the game tonight to go and struck out
I want to really thank you for honoring my request that we have a day off from this
Thank you very much if we can give Mitch Webster to the best we don't want anything a return great
Just if the mess will take Mitch Webster that would mean a lot to me and now but after 20 years of rooting for me kind of get used to
This month of June, I understand
I don't watch that up for all the cause you might get from that fan
I let me tell you after watching the meds last night in their 10 to 3 loss to the Giants
I don't think they're gonna have any period of the season when they're gonna have it in a chance to call
You know, in other words the Cubs may not do it the team I'm worried about is Montreal now that they got Langston Montreal's tough
But to forget the meds the meds are in fact the only thing I care about is the Cubs finish your head of the meds
Okay, in other words if we finish fifth as long as the meds finish last I'll be happy
You know no matter what other thing miss it is Rob low tape only 20 minutes long
Well how shocking can you get in 20 minutes fight if I only gave my wife 20 minutes
The only thing to get shocked would be me. Yeah. Well see that's about as much as Rob
You know, that's about all he had in him
And laughing my drip
One way to draw a lot of people to tell you on a place there. Yeah, I guess that tape tomorrow
Make a few thousand copies and about oh
Yeah, I'm sure that would go over real big. Okay
Listen, I'll see you in Wrigley Field sir. All right. Good luck to you. Yeah, that would go over real big
I just can't imagine who would be excited about that 11 30 at WIOD
Can you just to see the letters going on now
Bapabapabapabapabap, just hysteria hysteria distributing photographic materials
Set him to jail
Anyway moving right along. Let's go to home. See hello. All right. Neil. Yeah, bird and a balloon and half the birthday to you
Thank you, sir. Well listen mine wasn't as long goes in November. Okay, even more brilliant half the birthday
Okay, okay, I
Hear Rob blowing rolling to last year getting together for a movie. We already use that did you?
uh... i miss miss uh... what is it what's point of the name of the no we have
a punchline i just think they were going to go off to europe together
yet called close encounters with the third grade
yeah that could be it
okay that's all i got thank you
yesy i don't i mean i don't want to speak about anybody else but you think
roblo with his looks and all his money and all his success you think he wouldn't
have to but again he didn't know right is not what they're gonna say she was
passing herself off as we have twenty one yet fake ID
he looked older than she was and she uh... fake her way in there you know
she does so who knows what else gonna have to get a lot of publicity in the
course that movie's gonna come out what's it called bad influence i had
that that's him a little bit to uh... you know blocker coincidence and
didn't somebody once they there are no coincidences
uh... yeah it seems just a little too coincidental and his new movies called
bad influence and will be as big as hit in here
oh yeah oh man are going to be lined up all the way in the can you imagine in
sunrise yeah god they'll be lined up to the early bird restaurants in sunrise
all that roblo he said that terrible thing
you see took all his clothes off can you look again just to make sure
afford a lot of the hello yes uh...
neil is roblo i don't know you have to watch the movie to find out
well i understand i have to be what is done knows sir
after the girl was uh... you know molested in her parents but he wasn't
molested well her attorneys advised her to lay low
oh i think
you already was a step ahead of them i think so too
you think we could consider her a uh...
a low-bound provocateur could be
can i say one thing about the game well if it's is
well i was good
yeah eleven thirty three at w i the same you was he was right on the edge there
with the other but then he just went nuts you know another big steve came
for him
but if we didn't ask him but a call in a rip steve today but about the blockbuster
thing if you have an opinion one way or the other that's fine you know
but i'm not gonna change my mind again i just don't agree because i think that
there's uh... you know it's a generalization you know blanket generalization
and there's some independent franchise people who are gonna get
hurt in the thing
and i just don't think it's that big of a similist i mean you know if there was
some real cost of like the farm store thing i agree with them wholeheartedly
you know that was a concerted effort by group of people to boycott them and
try to
force a whole bunch of material out of their stores because those people want
dictate public taste in public morality
the right wing lunatic fringe i totally agree on that and really pisses me off
yeah one point yesterday was speechless when i started thinking about this
thing
but now i realize i was getting
con that would do that the great con job that steve does so well he was
kind of me into this thing and i'd say it's not my deal you know
he knew i think to it he's a uh... major provocateur the master
i will have an open line in date at seven five one nine four six three seven five
one w i o d
what am i going to the break now i was going to talk about my
okay eleven thirty seven we got a very important mobile collar on six hello
that's not important
oh you want to go back on hold okay
i'm just trying to build you up it said mobile and i want to impress the
audience oh thank you i appreciate you're not going to let me down now are you
of course now okay i'm kind of worried on uh...
Detroit looks like i'm in the sky with this kind of talking it's Detroit
they do yeah after the eighty points they scored monday
well i'm just curious to start it here isn't it huh
here is a side of two yeah
i think if the i was probably a bullspan wasn't it
uh...
i mean you talk about i told you was going to be an important call to the
boy well i knew what i was understaffed my big build up
uh...
wait a minute
this is the first
rickie ticket just ran out of puke
you did
they're well i can't believe that you for the first time in history ran out of
what a day wow we might have to call boom boom in an emergency you get to do
the rest of the talk ups today
twenty two before noon at w i o d we have an open line in brown where we just
uh... roger got rid of somebody evidently at five two four
nine four six three five two four w i like that fact let's clear the board
no i don't care what's the one i like to do that but these people get really i
don't really know what they know they get upset roger can't deal with that okay
she looks really uh... that princess Stephanie one picture that you had was it
over there she look great
she got she's ugly
she is another boy big time she's here here is
now's yeah that's where she look good but you couldn't really get an idea what
she looks like yeah she's got uh... what's her name is
vassalina the camera yeah donna know exactly but uh... boy she looks really she
looks like she could play tennis
is she that but yeah wow he looks like she could play tennis boy those women tennis
players i'd say like ninety percent look really macho don't they
of course there are a few exceptions but most of them or they are really of
course you see those um... russian tennis players oh my god god almighty
there butcher than roblo here's a lady in a mobile hello
i'm a lady i want a mobile i've been to regly field i'm a cup of sand i've
met her i carry in a mama way to char-hut great
well you're perfect in my book
i see he just disappeared well i guess short but sweet you know
we have an open line in boka which comes as a tremendous shock to me even
veg hasn't called it a day to humiliate and degrade himself at two seven eight
nine four six three two seven eight tomorrow
w
i tomorrow od trust me he'll call tomorrow first the first of june so even the worst
anybody even might can call in tomorrow good briefly haven briefly are you
are you sure you know what you're saying and all you people are going to
pay back together your blockbuster cards can call in tomorrow to okay
don't be don't be some kind of a sicko fan some kind of a
underling who just every time somebody gets on the air and snaps their fingers you
know and you do some idiotic ridiculous thing that you know isn't right but you
do because somebody else said don't be a follower okay you morons
i we haven't gotten any mail yet because they're busy playing golf today but if i
get any of those cards in it i'm gonna be really pissed okay i really yeah
and i i confess i admit full fault full guilt i admit it i got i don't know i
when he sat down and tried to talk me out i thought to myself why is he wasting
his time it's never gonna happen and within forty five seconds he had me
changing my mind the heat wasn't that it i had toward the end of the show i was
almost about to pass yeah i think he took advantage of the fact that we've
been here two days in a row under tremendous heat i'd been sick of cell on
Monday and i had no sales resistance at all
yeah because they just know and i just don't agree okay i just do not agree
with them i think it's it's pathetic but be like my opening up the
the newspaper and reading just the most minimal thing that i didn't like about
something that some business did and then conducted now for example years ago
i cut up my bird i in car because they they donated fifty thousand dollars to
the anti casino gambling people really and the reason that all the department the
big department store chains were doing that is because they didn't want all those
people that work for peanuts in their department stores to be able to get much
in higher paying jobs and casinos really okay that was the only reason not
because they were so concerned about crying i had nothing to do with it they
just didn't want you know a whole new industry coming in here that would take
away their tremendous supply of cheap help or for like minimum wage or close to
it and they donated fifty grand to the anti casino well i i tore up my bird
i in car on the air i don't recall that i asked other people to do the same
or send their cards but i did it you would remember if you yeah no i don't
think i did i just did it personally because they pissed me off okay and i
have never gotten another one since yeah that's fine that's your
prerogative yeah i don't like that fine in fact all the anti casino i mean
they're entitled their opinion but the harm that they've done to this
community by their near near neanderthal stance is so embarrassing it's so
grotesque and out for example i was thinking to go
down to the Bahamas this weekend which i i don't like the Bahamas you already
know my feeding about the matter that murk Griffin has got a new place
and they've got their own uh airline and they got their own you don't have to go
through all that crap when you go to the Bahamas you got to go through such
grief at customs man it's enough to make you puke and and if you look at them
cross-eyed they get real hostile and sorry and uh okay you know they start
talking with a patoine they give you a real a real song at a day oh you bet they
really i don't like that you know and then and then they're going to take your
money and then fleece you for every dime you've got you know but the supposedly
murk Griffin new place but and then i was i was thinking of myself where i don't
you know it's like a few minutes away and there's like nowhere to get there
now and the only reason those and i know we have a lot of listeners over there
and you folks should be laughing every minute okay because you wouldn't have one
tourist on your stinkin islands over there if we had gambling here in his town
you wouldn't have even the dumbest of the dumb wouldn't come there okay
we got better beaches we got the same climate we do have air conditioning
uh when it works of course we do have air conditioning man when i walked into that hotel uh
that elevator i can never get over it man the shaggy dog carpet it was so wet you think that
somebody gave it a bath man it just smelled the mildew odor was so incredible
you almost passed out no air conditioning and i thought when i got into bed that first night i
thought isn't it nice they washed the sheets too bad they didn't dry on it they were so the
sheets were soaked oh my god how can i saw either either it's the humidity or rob lozban here one
of the other how can you sleep no air conditioning to sleep no oh air conditioning period
god didn't have a little fan nothing
haha
worse humidity than here it was incredible oh here's Henry Barrow ladies and gentlemen just got
an inspiration what is that generic oh great what did you find this oh the head he's got
things hidden he's got her in a whole show round today why are so many people listening to the
bill Mcwigs show one reason is guests like dr. Robert Ballard the man who led the expedition that
found the Titanic and often's owner Joe Robbie an Academy Award winning actress patty dude
another reason is so far we haven't told a single caller to get off the phone you
preton won't you tell a friend the bill Mcwigs show a great way to wind down from the morning rush
yeah
okay keep that thank you that was great wow that's my favorite yet in wackar radio man
1045 at wackar radio let's go to west pond beach hello hey Neil living in breathing up in
west pond beach well i'd a shocking okay that's even more shocking than roblo sex acts in
Atlanta well i couldn't i haven't seen that one yet well i'll be showing soon to the theater near you
anyway Neil i'm heading up to Atlanta this weekend to see a little different kind of horse racing
than you're used to what's that you're having the national frory meadow the year up there this
oh really this weekend i'm going to go up and see the prancing horses great yeah i know those
prancing horses they're in my garage right now boy it's uh those are the most expensive horses
i ever bet on i'm telling you don't want to plunge and puke on those no but supposedly like uh they
the increase in value so tremendously if i can just keep that sitting in a garage there for about
five years i should be able to get out of the business i think you're about right you probably
able to open your own horse racing track by that there you go okay well call us from Atlanta why
don't you worry in fact you maybe you get a little scuttle about while you're up there you know
all your friday okay all right bye thank you yes see what the mood of the city is on roblo yeah
interesting boy i bet you this is um incredible most shocking things since the braves won a game
Monday you think it's that big a story wow it's 1146 at wio d let's not get the audience too excited
here it's been a it's been a tough week for them okay it's been a very tough week we had the big
holiday yeah and then yesterday they thought was Monday but the good news is see i always lie i don't
like working on those days but the one good thing is that when it gets like to today and you think
it's two days already win that's fast we say holy cow yeah as harry would say and then you discover
the weeks almost over that's true and then when you find out that Wayne Arnold is bringing
in rural castle burgers then you just start getting all excited and goosey candle hello how did
bond is how are y'all doing okay bad nail hot bird listen i got a question when i ask you what
are you sure you're calling from homestead now i'm coming down here from uh
channel here i just want to know what type of two in the back y'all think dick fatherly
oh red man he's definitely doing red man on the way man yeah well i just want to follow that man's
footsteps okay i'll tell you what uh that man i just leave leave i just live and breathe by everything
he teaches great well look at us we just got the first dolphin digest of course that's what i'm
thinking about now the dolphin wow that's way heavily on my mind now that we're
leaving here i'm on it okay sir have a wonderful life i don't know what you said but i'm sure i missed
a lot thank you so much it's great to have a business with it there you go now you're talking
something that i might read eleven forty seven at w i o d oh my god here's somebody in hollywood
he's got an audio from the rod load table rod load tape alleged hello i think we're listening
good right now what was that good have you i heard that one one word there yeah well you heard
part of it kids yeah about like this yeah well we'll play it without the language okay i would
swear he said a word that i've heard before like recently it's eleven forty eight at w i o d we
have an open line in brown i do four w i o d five two four nine four six three you know it's
getting ridiculous isn't it's just getting ridiculous is there anybody out there really wants to see
roblo and bed the doing disgusting sex acts well now that i think look at this here's all a bill
look at this this is going to get you so upset even remember with the grief we had to go through
you know i know here's a whole stack bill mquig talk host w i o d seem to have mister dizzy give us a big
song of the dance about how they don't talent doesn't get business card now what it was was i
well then we have to embarrass the great and humiliate him and to spring it for the few bucks to
get a story of this card i went up to mic disney one day in the newsroom and i said could we get
business cards and he looked at you like you were not yeah and it's about to fell open he says
well i've never heard of that but yeah i guess bill mquig who came in on a bus from somewhere in
tennis who was a board off then became a newsman he was a newsman like i'm a rocket scientist
and then all of a sudden he was a talk show host doing these hours and he had business card and he
has a stack of business i'm gonna start handing these out in fact what we should do we should
get these out now seriously we should give these out of toyota hollywood great idea these could
be suit these could be souvenir collectors items worth million that'll get the people i mean
anybody can collect baseball cards but collect them ha ha ha business card if you got a
Paul aisle i'll trade your bill quick okay there you go
Michael sugar cookies that's the 11th story 1149 yeah so whole another story as he would say
ten till noon at wio d speaking of the show excited that we got the dolphin digest now he's a great guy
but boy i'm i don't i don't care don't you understand that yet it's like a hundred degrees in the
ship like that promo we're running with rick weaver the dolphin she's only four hundred weeks away
now everybody get to try i'm just not psyched up for it okay we had our seven hundred hour draft show
and what can i say a preseason is right i'm your sammy smith and louis all of her okay there they are
great good luck to you guys i hope you do terrific i hope we have a big year i hope the hurricanes
win the college world series is sunny gone out and he leave today yeah i do a fuck he says i really
am jealous of that okay not that i want to do the games i just jealous that i can't go on a trip
so i can go to those great stake houses rosses yeah and casios and mr c's i know it sounds
ridiculous but all m off the weather we're good i would live there really and everybody says but
that's the bible belt you know that's the it's a horrendous place but they're not they're not
like the people in Nashville for example we're like an Oklahoma city they're just like they leave
everybody alone i never thought of homahazim awful city i not at all great plays that's our
bend is uh it's not a great track it's uh the times are fast because of the surface but it's it's
that okay track they handle you'd be amazed at the handler like on a Saturday they do like two
three million dollars but then you know what i really yeah i did all these farmers come in from
Iowa and they were they were driving from miles around we i'm talking about people with some serious
money and pick up trucks oh i don't know and they're continental's i think but didn't you think
about Nebraska in February oh it kind of comes to my mind well even even when we were there in the
summer yeah they have these tornadoes you know the western that's right i remember one time we were
in the basement they had a tornado a warning and we're the basement of the hotel all the players
and everybody mingling in the uh in the basement and then roblow came in and okay it's 1153 at
w-i-o-d and we'll go they're working next door to that's what you're here listen to that we did
we open a dentist office door yeah now this of course is the best time to do that kind of thing
it's midday right next to yeah they're drilling yeah inch here all mixed must be getting the rest of
his dental work well good i'm glad for a lot of deal hello oh now yeah okay and in Omaha but you
also fly their own planes in this old rich i'm sorry but there's a little more skullbred on the
roblo thing i just came back from Atlanta well i seems like everybody's been in Atlanta right
yeah i'd have to add even a cubs are in Atlanta right in the high but i wouldn't get too much
to show about the roblo because the story is up there that he went soliciting for these lesbians
to put on a shelf for him uh-huh and he got it now also on this here there was a couple of
sweets up there and the story is this girl's mother was also in the hotel hill not that same night
not that she was in the sweet that we know but she was also placed in the hotel hill there isn't
that interesting now also in a sweet connecting there with justine baitman on the thing and they
had some stories to you through a little free bathing and the most interesting thing more comes out
who they tell her in charge of all the Hollywood stars that brought him to the Atlanta convention
happens that the time hadn't was in charge of what a lot more to this a lot more than meets the old
flight i i right yeah i just want to i don't let you know so but that's what's going around up there
yeah i think i think it's hard to swallow if i can use that expression right and this is on
all the radio stations all the tv all day long yeah so anybody's talking about man is roblo
right okay thanks a lot yeah he got what he wanted man he got all this public
all yeah okay it's a whole plant city music for you there yeah he's everywhere man he's plastered
all over well his last movie was a bomb yeah what was it at the um well that one on cable it
called illegally yours it's just yeah it's bomb just off oh look at this we have some fact
stuff that Sharon finally brought and she hasn't been speaking to us this morning because we've
been ripping her guest look at that there's Harriet might not be as bad as everyone thinks isn't that cute
what is this a most valuable programming tool for getting a record played bill wise not adding your record
bill hasn't added this record yet but you can indigo girls their debut album featuring closer to
fine and kid fears really on all these great stations it's got listed here like about 20 stations but
but uh in that way and this is our now it's got a big thing here bill wise not adding your
and here's the upside down picture now no this has got to be is this for real that's funny
look at that oh here's mr. Arnold and it's got bill spike wisers picture they're upside down
if that's real that's going to be incredible that's look at this big this is from the Budweiser
thing of the cub fan and but man is hairy bill indigo boy wise it's shocking and here's our friend
Wayne Arnold with I can't believe you actually showed up today man it's just too much for us to ask
thank you so much you got the day off today bacon cheeseburgers oh man well burn it at thank you
from the bottom of my parts okay thank you you have no idea I just you know Monday I was sick
as a dog and I couldn't eat anything and if I can't eat these then you know I'm on death's door okay
thank you thanks very much boy this is great I wonder if Todd's in the building is Todd here
not that I really care because we don't huh he's not here today well that's good have a nice
lifetime when you're shining this a lot and then of course Ross came in yesterday and he was just
getting over the thing with Sharon and then you made some kind of comment about he's not your time
oh well you forget about that and people are still talking about that at the water club
well that's all it is that time in fact there are more people in this part of the building talking
about that than Rob Loh and now what does that tell you exactly look at that these are a little
bacon cheeseburgers I didn't even know they made these in real time either oh my god you're right
these really are a hit in the spot hmm hmm Bill indigo wise oh god I love that wow now I'm
going to need some soda to go with it but what it's a good lot you don't think anybody's
going to bring soda how many we got three boxes full of that they might meet can't eat all these no
but after Roger and Nick have a few know I'll be a Roger will give me a sonar it's the least he can
do it's eleven fifty eight w i o d see I know how to embarrass people and well we've been feeding
everybody for a long time okay exactly because there are a lot of people not too crazy about the show
but they love the food you know they hate the show yeah but they love the food and yeah they're
a little confused about this room hmm like Nick he hates the show he loves the he loves the food you know
I was up in the front lobby up there yesterday you know seeing an old friend of ours you know the show
Andy and now Sharon and you know the show oh you mean the girl that got the scapegoes scapegoes
you know they say off prime said this will solve all of problem anything diet you know I'm like
anything that's wet and the show's on up there up where and the lobby I didn't know that
least it was yesterday oh so we can't say mention that sandy stole all that stuff yesterday
well he ends that's a bad word isn't it she stole she kind of requisitioned all those
us pops that came in the other day for all of us and look at this here's Mitch who just came in a
gut is the dental work finish we've been listening to the drilling it's must be so he's here
just in the nicotine we're going to pause now April were them has the new wio d news and we'll
come back at 1205 right in the middle of lunch
no deen brawler or 655 and 278 wio d in the farm beaches other areas make all collect the opinions
expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station now here's
Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 wio d hi ladies and gentlemen I ready to broadcast I love myself
and that was good because I got caught up in the middle of I like it I like it
205 at wio d we have an open line in date 7519463 lunch today is spectacular we thank Wayne Arnold and
his lovely wife for these incredible royal castles including little bacon cheeseburgers I just can't
get over how good they are okay is it for real the hard report oh my god look at his bill wise ads
into go girl headline biggest story who can blame him congratulations bill on the birth of your
brand new daughter yeah Abigail Jane wise the noise into go so he's doing kind of like a rob
low thing okay it's getting his name in all these magazines here from what is this the what
report the hard report careful Sharon what kind of publications have you been reading
was this has something to do with Ross does this have something to do with Ross your sure now
if you rip him again man I'm never going to speak to you again wzta my me has been at the center
of numerous formats which rumors the last month or so fuel to the fire out the new billboards
let's say watch this space and have local tongues wagging over the possibility that Zeta may be
lying for some radical surgery really it says huh well we got some heavy duty stuff here it's about
time radical closer to fine into go girls bill wise that didn't go we were looking at there's bill
was high-quiet with his little new baby girl isn't that cute boy you talk about really sucking
around spike he still a putt you know regardless of any of this is obviously the biggest story in
a oracle yeah big hype job yeah let's get the real story on it well see that was obviously a
prelude it's all a setup do you know yeah okay thank you so much 207 at w i d we have an open line
in date at 751946 9463 reading lunch so if we sound a little like you know messed up
hmm of course we are boy this is great this just hit the spot so perfect they didn't you were
right as you when you're a wonderful American and we just worship the ground that you stand uh huh
I'm serious boy these are tremendous so we take a call because I see we still got two open
lines in date county what happened what's going on here oh they know that the niggas on the border
handle hello nail how you guys doing great why how you doing okay um what's it gonna
where's the address to that place Arnold there at the corner of northwest 7th avenue uh huh
in 125th Street all right my my my right off like a block off i 95 yeah that's on the west side of 95
on the west side of 95 uh yeah okay on the west side of 441 all right I called to tell you that I
was I was in Atlanta for dinner during the democratic convention is there anybody in this
audience who has been in Atlanta no I went to there's a great Russian restaurant at the rooftop
I in the hill you went to Atlanta for dinner well I was driving back home from from the midwest
and we stopped there for dinner we had restaurant I see we had reservations that this place for
like three months in advance uh but uh I saw Rob Lowe talking to Jesse Jackson do you think that
might be interesting or something could be fascinating could be shocking yeah what could be so
shocking in 20 minutes I don't know well of course when you've been in Lantana all your life anything
I guess to be shocking all right when I decided to honor your request and not talk about baseball
today well I think you're the first one sir so I thank you for coming on you sir all right I never
never knew they made bacon cheese burgers I didn't even I don't think they do I think they made
me special for us oh you were incredible just for you guys yeah like so I need are they all gone
any Tom do you know I have one one any Tom dick and Harry can't go in there and get one
I don't ask for him see what they tell you all right and when they stop laughing then we'll
all right you guys have a good day and um say how to mr. blockbuster over there for me okay
bye see you 1209 at wio do we have three lines open on the board so I guess everybody else got hungry
and they're all out to lunch and that's our audience out to lunch what are you doing you're
already getting this oh I know what is the Disney can't read anyway it's Disney's copy I'm so
sick and tired of hearing about him I'm I had him up my ears already okay all these stupid little
memos he sends me copy of town to go mind his own business all right we're doing a radio show
oh they like it when they go playing yeah I'm just I'm just fingering them for the audience okay
just want the audience to know how little they do around here thank god for that that's the only
reason we're so successful I they were all the time messing around with everybody show we wouldn't
have any numbers well these are great well this is these are our last ones yeah they're because
they're all gone that's it Jared had some by the way and he offered to put some catch up on it
you know for a nice Jewish kid I don't I don't think he was like that when he came here I think
it's Sharon it's influencing him period he's saying incredible things lately 10 minutes past noon
a W.I.O.D there's an open line in Broward and one in Boka I just mention that don't feel compelled I
mean if you're out there having a busy new hour you'd have it around you haven't lunch or whatever
don't worry about us we'll be okay believe me now that we ate we'll be just fine yeah we ate
Mitch brought us some coats so it really isn't ad here you know this is all a big hype job for Bill
Wise with a picture and everything I mean Jay's come on spike this is pathetic you know what pathetic
isn't it just weird talk about contrives surprising but anyway if you're hungry right now I want you
to head over to char hut because do you hear that what Andy has been telling Sharon this is like
a soap opera here Andy has been saying the Sharon that we've been badmouthing her we haven't
said anything that wasn't true I mean when she said that Ross had lips like a duck-built plan
I put this disgusting thing like that she deserved to get ripped okay that was the cruelest thing
and if he said it it was true I mean that would be cruel but at least it would be true now but
Ross is like God okay even though he's not your type what must he think of me well I don't
really care what I mean he's a good guy he's got a good sense of humor does anybody know where he
goes to school does he go to you of him I don't know I hope he has a good sense of
he does have a good sense of humor he would have come in here and popped several people in the mouth
on including Sharon no she was hostile and vicious when she said it so she's got the no bones coming
well she's like that she rolls along sweet man great she has one of her screaming sessions would
Steve and she takes it out on everybody all day so Andy and he's a great guy we've been
trying to keep his job for him going to batting a whole campaign and we feed him of all the people
in the newsroom we always make sure Andy gets fed first because we know any meal could be his last
and he's bad mouthing us to Sharon how do you like that isn't that embarrassing so from now on
Ross comes in first then Jared then Todd then anybody else who's hanging out
because Andy's on a diet and we wouldn't want to interfere with we West Palm Beach hello
hello Neil yeah Neil I just beat a a transplant from Buffalo New York I just had to check with
the unsuspecting you guys get Buffalo style chicken wings right the blue cheese is not for the celery
oh oh well they always say that's a big debate about whether the blue cheese is for the
celery or for the wings it's not it is it's for the wings well I've never I've never tried that
but this is I love blue cheese so much that sounds great that is how you eat Buffalo style wings
you dip them in the blue cheese
well of course when you're dealing in Buffalo where the people's brains are frozen
amons out of the ear how come Joey never told this to that no idea do you remember Mike sub
huh do you remember Mike's soft while I'm eating I'm eating with my mouthful which is generally the
best we'd eat yeah yeah Mike's sub do you remember that yeah in Buffalo right the best they were
great they were great but that's it Neil I just I just had to clarify that so you guys would be able
to enjoy those I never heard okay next time next week when it come in we'll do it your way
try it thanks a lot so next week we're dipping it in blue cheese I'll do it I'll do it I'm never
having that way Jared said he was gonna dip it in blue cheese too next week
boy yeah good so Steve today's got that douche brang Felipe Rivera on dispute anti-semitism
for four hours now to cheer you up because of that there is a little item here in the star now
this sort of fits in with the roblo type of stuff it says here here's a surprise explanation point
Michael Jackson has a secret bachelor pattern oh no here we go this is gonna be as good as the
roblo's uh huh hanging out with a 16 year old girl and Obama now friends say he's a late bloomer
who recently discovered the opposite sex and has taken the parting and entertaining pretty girls
at the hideaway recently he and one girl and several guys dropped by an LA super market at 1am
for donuts vodka beer and Pepsi yeah and all went back to his place to party according to the star
with donuts and Pepsi so that's in Pepsi party a real party party animal man
haha any probably listens to GTR this bad I don't know why because they would never play his music
but he probably listen to GTR crop 17 to WIOD and open line in day just in case I don't want to get
pushy here today because I know it's Wednesday 7 5 1 WIOD Jupiter hello hello Neil hello bird yeah
and you need to talk to these guys with these calcaburgers and get them to open up a franchise in
West Palm man we don't have anything like that up here but you don't have anything period
hey a big guy well hey we've got leaf hour man like I said hey Neil I just wanted to call you
to tell you something I for one appreciate very much you uh not bomb-barting the audience with all
this controversial DS constantly like all the other talks of her yeah now I got sick of it a
long time ago and everybody else did too and there's some people who pretend they still care about
but they don't for example last night I was at my mother's for dinner and we were watching the news
and they had this uh was CNN was on and the the newscaster was interviewing some douchebag about
the NATO talks and bush and and I said to myself this is so boring I'm gonna pass out you know I'm
awful I don't think we need to be oblivious but she's it's just it's so ridiculous everybody in
South Florida is bomb-barting swattering each other and they're doing a same old crap and they're
cutting their kids up in pieces and putting them in trash can I mean the world is nuts okay the world
is a nut huh y'all we all know that too and everybody's got all the answers you know they're all
sitting you're gonna come up with the answers on a radio talk show they're just like those
pseudo-psychological shows dr. Tony Grant and all these other fakers that come on here and you talk
talk to him for three minutes and a poor woman on the phone is sobbing she's ready to blow her brains
out and the music comes up in the back well I'm so sorry but I certainly wish you the very best
in the click and then you can just imagine a woman on the other end of the phone
splitting both wrists you know yeah that's true she really gonna solve her problems in three minutes
on a radio talk show I listen I would eat for three reasons a renair Rogers and Miami Dolphins football
I just can't have a Steve came out I don't start attacking Steve okay I mean even if it's true don't
just start attacking God Neil I mean it's just unbelievable now you talk about arrogance man did
this guy must have a plate of arrogance before he could well he does as a matter of fact arrogance
and asparagus he loves him both yeah surprise they're here that you've been in the business for
30 years tell us some of the stations you've worked for before I hang out and listen I'm curious
okay great okay that'll be coming up in the next hour 20 past noon it doesn't some of the stations
that I've worked for the tavia the tavia new york alby and michigan sarasota florida calamazoo yeah
I almost went to work in done Kirk and Fredonia yeah but couldn't get the job 20 minutes past
noon at wiod lottery hill hello hey nail yeah hey bird yeah listen Neil did you uh catch the
mimey herald uh brown or the addition local news front pages morning no chance oh come on
they're talking about plantation again um what plantation I love plantation sir
harming I love plantay you know you must love the police department too they're just fine officers they
take it to the man of and he is the first one for being guilty of an obscurity a loose and obscurity
excuse me tongue twister but no they he was doing a tongue twister yeah but the plant it's
robbed low the plantation police proud of their first obscurity conviction in the county the news spread
so quickly that this gentleman started getting phone calls from the television news stations etc good
it'll probably be on more republic pretty soon and make a million bucks well the young man just
pulled up to a stoplight and they ticket him and the police uh he said to the officer he'll peel it
off but uh it costs him sixty five dollars and plantations finest are really proud of it well that's
great i'm glad i'm glad that you're doing something to protect all of us over there okay
hopefully that's your tip because they do have one of the uh they have more breaking and entering
in plantation than under the other uh the municipality so i was told i don't know anyway listen have a
great life okay see uh what was he talking about i didn't i didn't i'm stupid to start out he was saying
about isn't it great that we don't talk about all these seriously pressing things and then he was
talking about the plantation police i mean he was a good guy but i just it seems like there was a
little contradiction there wasn't there yeah because that was pretty depressing i lost it in fact
they may come and arrest him for a um and obscene phone call the one he just made here
hmm oh that was good i just found a little onion on the roblo's picture lucky well i guess none of us
are ever going to be able to look at roblo again straight in the face and um see i don't believe any
of it i still believe it's all a gigantic publicity stunt it's all but orchestrated it could be
i mean even he's not that stupid that he's going to do something like this by accident they're
going to be all as mag gigantic publicity you know get a big name lawyers will come in there
and then the girl will admit that she had a phony idea and that she wanted whatever was going on you
and that'll be it i see you know slap him on the wrist they'll make him do four hundred
hours of community service uh over in Beverly Hills you know pay a fine
to have to stand on a corner there on um hollywood and vine and hand out street maps of the
celebrity houses for free i'd see your point yeah see what you're saying and it's working like charm
boy yeah that be the you know because his last movie was a bum we started this a while ago we got
sidetrack this is the heavy duty story and uh he's been like lagging you know he was in a
low there so now he needed to get back on a front page isn't this a way to do it boy did he's
oh sure he's everywhere credible he's like stink on um yeah mong and the media just eats this up
mm-hmm so to speak performing shocking acts with a female while another man looks on it is um
and i think again it's within the context of his image i think any act with a female for
to be shocking that that's i still believe that i he'd he'd have to do it in front of me i'd
have to be the man watching to believe it okay okay i just am not convinced all right in fact maybe
we could set that up twenty twenty three past noon at w one of these and amazing we're going to do
the melting pot next because i was just thinking of roblo at the pod having dessert with a white
chocolate with amaretto and when it came time for everybody to dip their banana in a white chocolate
i wonder just what roblo's excuse would be huh would he give us the same lame excuse that michael
j fox gave oh no i don't know only only a real experience i guess could prove it anyway if you
want a great dining experience tonight then the melting pot is the place for you it's rated three
and a half stars by the herald of all people and you know those fakers at the herald men they
are so stingy with their stars they hang on to them like it was life and death you think that
dick capins very existence hinged on those stars that's how they squeeze them as tight as they can
but they hand it out three and a half to the melting pot that's about as close as perfect as you can
get it's also rated as one of the top ten restaurants but i'm gonna give it a try i still got
these stupid headphones on i was gonna i was gonna let the audience in on what sandy requisition
yesterday that we were supposed to take home but i was a little bit short here
oh
i think it was well intended but i just ran out of time but it was good that i had that little
thing there because it gave me a chance to to squawk it up sure in fact that would be a real good
one i don't know is it too long do you think to do to do oh yeah oh he's not
right now he's gonna run out of the
cool
that's bad give it a good shot i'll tell you he really gave it a good shot pretty good
sandy says she did not to keep the food she distributed it to the staff oh you don't get
surly sandy it's just a little joke okay see she's listening now who was the one that accused
her of was it Laura yeah Laura came in when nut she said sandy is hurting all the food
it's supposed to go to everybody in the building and she's got an all-footaway and she rolls a
freezer there and she's stealing all of our stuff it was Laura who said that we don't know we're
back here minding our own business sandy so don't get surly with us yeah it was Laura okay
and probably because Laura is doing too much monkey business with Ross and the loser him that's
why she's getting so psychotic lately okay hollywood hello hey good afternoon you all yes sir
listen i need a red rubber ball put that on for a talk up you want to hear what the circle i have
some trivia to tell you about him more trivia about circle yes we're this
i didn't complain for opening act can't open the park to be those last concert you know something
we already know it i didn't mean to hide it and he was talking with that you have to
i had my own no respect in walk all over you walked all over it sir you walked all over the
circle you're you're the third person that's told us is oh am i yeah oh that's okay i try to
check your Friday and i held up about 40 minutes and i had to hang out i'd be okay with them but
he stepped on the records so you know you won't do it again we're just never they played with the
you know that wasn't bad wasn't yeah Neil did you see major league no great movie is it yeah you got
to see it who's hilarious who's in it oh god i don't see too many movies i don't see movies uh you know
it's not otherwise nobody memorable it's very good okay okay see him well i would watch major
league but i saw the meds for a while last night that was the next best thing uh 29 past new
and but i'm gonna i'm gonna rub it in those meds fans man even though it may not last every chance
i get i'm gonna rub their noses in it they suck okay they're pathetic guess 10 to three they've
lost two in a row to the giants they've lost i think four in a row overall something like that
pathetic guess what is the biggest baseball movie this according to the star has the most popular
baseball movies and what they made what do you think it's the most you only guess what the most
popular baseball movie of all time is you know the tico kira skullster
i can't actually guess no according to the star the new star making 23.9 million the biggest
most popular way bogs during close the bad news bears oh yeah that was never any time wasn't
yogi bear in that one yeah 12 30 at w i o d and let's go to halendale hello niel how you doing
i have some very important information about steve came oh now there's not gonna be another shot
is it true yeah i have a bunch of friends at different locations the blockbuster videos someone
that looks very much like steve has been in there trying to check out a load of videos with cards
that have been glued together now we're beginning to understand this yeah i tell you
what you suckers out there in the audience when those bills start coming in don't stand why why he's
doing it i never had to be a valid reason somewhere we finally got to the book that i just
said it looked like him i'm not that's what roblos said to now about to roblos thing i have a
birthday uh belated birthday wishes for the bird i i gave a message with 2dp i don't know if
you ever got it i didn't but thanks a lot deep okay but i do have some from harry cahier 4
or 4 i leave it and you will permit but about to roblos video i suggest when you do get your
copy let tom dennenberg view it so he can gain back as two inches maybe yeah okay and also i
didn't well you know what raldauner said sir you don't know what you got until you lose it
there you go and that's what dennenberg's been singing that song in a half or two days now
now the red rubber ball stuff that was written by Paul Simon did anyone tell you that yes okay now
you're gonna have deonan the show soon well you say i don't hear anymore about the internet
bill mullin is handling that specie of course once bill mullin touches something
that you get it always in doubt you know you get him on he was one of the the previous
the fourth guy on the bill with buddy holly he was supposed to be on that plane you get him on
asking about that well i'm sure he'd like to a reminisce about that for now i have a birthday wish
from how we get you know play la bomba and uh big bopper and you know making feel right at home
of course i hear my birthday wish this is from harry carry for the bird okay i'm a
great a cup fan and a bird man and i trust you are too i'm a donuts man a vodka fan and a beer
and Pepsi drinker and i think you are too and if that wasn't enough sir why are so many people
listening to the bill make sure all of these in his guests like dr robberd fallard the man who
led the expedition that found the titanic and often zoner joe robby an academy award winning
actress patty do another reason is so far we haven't told a single caller to get off the phone
you creepin don't you tell a friend the bill McQueen show a breath when you walk down from the
morning rush
please stand double you are
be
who it's so good 12 33 at w i o d i love that mr food thing there yeah
who won't what that is that is mr food well mr food junior i see anyway we're really
rolling rocket and sock and apple i'll tell you since we got that red rubber ball call we've been
uh really doing it anyway i want to remind you that our friends from tell star
isn't this incredible the 22 year old car detailer in uh
uh in the plantation to go back to the guy called earlier got the ticket first driver and
brower convicted of having an obscene bumper sticker on his car oh that's what he was talking about
but there was a lute a literate of slogan suggesting the driver like to find women have his
way with them and forget them oh i see isn't that great great job plantation
police you fascist pigs you make me sick no wonder your cars are brown just like your noses
it said morgan says now he's worried about another sticker on his car it used to say hot 105
but i cut the numbers off he said can i get in trouble for that i just says hot uh uh uh uh
get the hot and plantation pal okay you have to get a motel outside the seat you have to go like
to sunrise 1237 at wiod let's go to Miami hello hey nil i have loads of uh four s club
yeah um you don't do a request on your show right well it all depends i mean if you beg real hard
and you promise to do exciting things okay uh i don't i don't want a harder request of glen said
this morning about talking about the cub please show is it anyways it's my show and i want to talk
about the cubs the whole show i'll do it see the go ahead let's see it gets sour and hostile and
because we're supposed to talk about phoenix and how big her breasts are the whole show no no no no no no no no
wait a minute now why are you calling up looking for trouble i'm not on i'm just giving his opinion he's
a great american and he wants to give his opinion you're interrupting that's right no i don't think
you completely understand sir do we have to shut his mic off again sir yes yes we do
not yet but we're working on it go ahead if time with he has to talk about the phoenix and
gabby sir i mean let him butch up a little bit yeah exactly wow you know ross isn't his type
oh oh that's right that's right well i thought i had to say Neil uh don't butch up a little
and club him five ahead okay all right bye see you what a sure good call 1238 22 till uh one
one is gone by real fast today now cubs game doesn't start till 7 30 so i got some breathing
who's pitching by the way now we got this board section waiting that last car
well it was roll long until he came on
who it is oh just step on the mermaids man i'll teach it he stepped right on their tails didn't he
well he just couldn't get it out you know he was too busy choking on those wings from that other place
uh let's see here uh today tonight somewhere exposed at the dodgers at 405 oh anal
herchizers pitching for the dodgers so hopefully he'll finally come back to reality and they can
win again that's thinking mantra y'all boy they pulled out game i last night it made me sick i was
pacing the floor all night his name is anal well i call his name is oral okay which sounds like
some kind of a mouth disease doesn't it so i call him anal herchizer uh comes oh paul kill
gets speaking of a disease against smolts smolts for the brave so boy we got some real
tourists coming up tonight folks wow wow is that a word smolts yeah smolts six and three for the
brave so boy and paul kill gets with that great earn run average is last three starts of 4.67
bohes see the cops they got three great starting pictures they got a terrific bullpen they got three
great starting pictures sucklif medics and balekki and then they got sanderson who occasionally looks
like he knows what he's doing but his media is shaky at best and then kill gets who like um forget it
you know every once in a while he acts like he knows what he's doing i'd like you could go out there
and put on an act you know but after a while gets sold 20 till one at wiod here's a bird translator
on four hello hello yes meal yeah i just wanted to clarify with the bird said just say when you
mentioned about russ what he thought about ross ross ross is his exact words were he's more your
type than mine and then he said what does that mean is that really what i said yeah exactly well what
yeah you don't know in other words in other words it begs the question what does that mean right
and i don't think we've had an answer have we not yet we've had an answer but i don't think it's
the right answer yeah we've had an excuse we've had a cover up but i don't think it's right now
we need to bring more e-pupig down here to get the right answer i think you guys have to do what
we you taught me long time ago consider the source i think that's the key to this whole thing
consider the source exactly yeah it sounds like a screen to me yeah it sounds like a lot of
smoke now i have one prediction here yeah i predict by the end of the year the bird will be sports
intensive because little by little if you hear your recordings day after day yeah there's
no question more involved yeah he is you're right he's with the horse racing first he hated that
with a pan and now he's like he's obsessed now he even watches now he's not going to have that
as well oh the race is the replays on sunshine and i don't get that's how obsessed he is with horses now
often i do the end of the year now when is now when are you in rich and i going to go out to
call her one of these thursday oh now guess one of these thursdays that's such a lame that's not
specific it like next thursday a week from the week from this thursday okay we'll go out do we
get there by the fourth race that's fine that's one of these thursdays isn't it yeah
Rick can drive us all in his big limo no is there any chance that the bird could be a guest on the
sports program they worked all yeah they they invited him as a matter of they did they
knew they knew they knew they knew more about the sport a lot of the sports than they do
i was gonna say he didn't want to show him up he didn't want to get in that view of what they're
doing on there so the bird would fit right in come on i'll hank those his horses okay
that he did you can rip sunny and joke is there on their way to Omaha's but it's a problem
that are they gonna stay there come on now be an ice guy i heard they bought him a one-way ticket
have a great day pal okay okay now starting to start that up with the sports people again
yeah better be nice or Rick we will come back in tomorrow morning now i know i'm actually he will
be here tomorrow that i think if it's on here he will be here we'll have a great talk with boy
no wonder he was surly the other day because that's unusual for Rick yeah
I'm gonna shock you again and he kept he was in that booth all along i never got a chance to speak
to him fact since we've been here i've never had a chance to speak to Rick but he was in the sports
booth and was i walked by he kept he was staring at a picture on a wall he kept saying mr.
Robbie mr. Robbie mr. Robbie i couldn't understand it mr. he kept saying mr.
mr. uh date Miami hello hi steve steve oh i'm sorry you talked about steve and i said steve
no we're not talking about steve i just said i didn't agree with the uh with the thing and don't
send me your cards and uh i don't want to get kind into that and now everybody's picking on steve
leave him alone after he does the show today then pick on him okay because he deserves it for bringing
his douchebag on here this is the worst well listen the reason i'm calling thought i'd tell you what
happened today this little wilder girl coming out of the parking lot shopping center hook and
roll i'm trying to get out of the parking lot big cement truck walking the way yeah i can't see
coming out right but finally i made it right i thought you know you're popping in the runs
in a bad place you go step please i had a call my asshole
well this wasn't in plantation was it no it was in cooking the grill okay well that's good you
can say that in the grove there are a lot of them in the grove okay okay have a nice day have a nice day
about to step all over that i what that reminds me of a cart that i haven't heard yet today i was
so close oh a talk up car maybe by far the most significant problem facing man today is the
production of food and fiber to meet the necessities of life even with the so-called food surpluses
that currently have plagued the United States and the western world if all the food in the world
were equally distributed among all the people in the world we would all be in a state of starvation
means somebody cheating somewhere i think we're the ones do let me just pass eleven years Bobby
Dare dream lover that's not a bad now we got to try that again it's a very classic program for the
entire family don't like to run over the records when they start singing okay here we go hello
there the rickshaw show to Sunday night wqlm here's Bobby Dare to say dream lover
yeah
gets me every time every time it is just as amazing as the first time i don't think shocking is
the thing not even close to describe that card you know what it is so embarrassing that it's just
humiliating and degrading and um mesmerizing even though i've played it a hundred times man every
time i still can't believe it every time i don't oh what an honor we get to call it day early from
mister a kvetsho over here what do you want i'll tell you what i'm going to do i'm going to cut up my
underwear send them to steve k there you go i made the mistake all you ladies out there in the
audience cut up your panties and send them to steve okay i'm sure you'd enjoy it a lot more than
your blockbuster card he went on and on about this pumpkin head yeah and i went out and rented it
it had to be the worst rip off harm i never heard of it i never heard i mean i've heard of it but
i never heard anybody else talk about it sucked really it sucked that would be all the more reason
to cut up any card or any underwear but anyway let's deal with everybody picking on Glenn
yeah and everybody's pan on glen didn't you hear that show yesterday no i missed you well if you
heard the show yes yes he's trying to slip out of this no i was talking about Ross our one of our
fine interns in the newsroom what happens to be at incredible wonderful guy a young
college student he has a nice guy and he's great looking guy i mean just on a scale of 10 i give
about an 82 okay he's a terrific looking guy and of course Sharon made these terrible insults
yet they said he had lips like a flat-billed douchebag platypus or something like and we got that
all squared away and then i made some comment yesterday about Ross when he'd come in here for lunch
and the bird said well he's more your time he's not my type and i said what does that mean
wow now since you are taking up the role here in defending him you want to explain that to me
well to me it sounds like he turned Sharon down to begin with oh don't you mean Ross oh yeah
i got news for you Sharon couldn't get near his puppet okay that's what that
because Sharon is obsessed with him she really is she's just obsessed with him i saw her crawling
on her hands and he's trying to get near him and he just like walks by in a lamp so that's why
she made those disgusting comment could see her philosophies if you can't get it
rip it yeah you know what i mean in other words pretend you don't want it
probably something Arlene would write yeah yeah but anyway i i can understand but we try to get
Arlene in the building but so all of it you horn wasn't big enough all of this Paul's i just
didn't choose my words carefully enough which you have to do right what it was a slip of the
tongue was a Freudian slip and the whole audience is in an upper right there we're talking about
this at the water cooler all day as today flip at the tongue and when i got home i was getting phone
calls and fattening called breathlessly and everybody was just up in arms and i think there's more
than this than meets the father isn't i was just trying to say something else because that for
example if i if uh Phoebe Kates came walking in here god forbid because that would be the end of
the show but she came walking in i wouldn't say she's cute but she's not my type
i would say she's cute well i'm kind of like today remember the script for the Phoebe Kates look
like came in there yeah how could we forget and everybody was agreeable yeah there were no cuts
that's right everything went smooth you're missing my point yeah okay well maybe she did too
but anyway have a nice day good night that cleared up nothing yeah well listen if i was in trouble if
i dug a hole for myself i can't think of anyone in the world i'd rather have come to my defense
from Paul Harvey Jr okay i think you got real problems now we have an open line in date 751946
three 751 W I O D it's almost time for the big one to two hour today right boy this is just
smoked right on by here this is great thank god are they not playing golf yet all of that
pure toy that you know that's how quiet it is i mean this is ridiculous okay and they got some nerve
they probably were upset because i went home sick on monday that's it yeah they probably were
piot about they probably had a couple of executive meetings well better not let them do that again
but uh... main time they don't do a damn thing in here nothing all they do is go out and play golf
and go to executive breakfast power breakfast in executive three hour lunches and then there was
a early mid-acted known liquid lunch and meetings that they have you know anyway we'd like to invite
you to stop by at toyota of hollywood and check out the great e-9 toyotas because like i've been
telling you now is the smart time to deal i know that leaves a lot of you out but if you do have any
you'll go over there and make a deal right now because the prices you just can't beat them with a
stick and if you're in the market for a quality
truck fifty two at w-w-odd that was one of the few Jewish groups from the british invasion those
of the holly let's go to a mobile call in Miami hello hi nil yeah how you doing great listen i
hate to call you with a beast but i know you don't i mean you're right i know but i really got
this is a serious beef i'm very upset okay i spent a lot of money to do something i've always
wanted to do i've waited decades to go on a cruise okay and i took a cruise with the line owned
by your friend and mine petty baby and you know what i'm referring to are you there i don't know
what you're talking about all right you know ted arson yeah don't get me started about ten
errors so okay because i don't i have nothing you don't look at me about cruise ships okay
because i don't have anything to do with cruises i won't go on another one i don't want to talk
about them so why are you taking that out on me well that's why i told you i hated to lay a bee
fine yeah but i had to lay it on somebody yeah you know i mean jesus christ i tried to get out of
my amy for a week and have a good time and what do i get i get bingo 25 hours a day but you could
have gone to the seminal indian right i'm i'd say i never eaten such dog foods in my life
i'm just i'm so disappointed well i didn't i tell you this a long time ago
haven't i always said that about cruise ships and all this big song and dance but i don't
i don't want anything to do with that stuff well i don't know if i'm if i'm going to go out
having a vacation or something and if i'm having a bad time i like to be able to move okay when
you're out there in a ship you're kind of like a captive audience yeah but it was you know the
ship is the ship of the ship themselves are all right but i tell you this dog food just really
got me down right okay well listen my two dogs are real hungry right now so send it over he was
right he was apologizing when it cost started he owes us another one cast they want to okay i'll
go we got the let me get there a little bit more compression going here with the love to help
ourselves the gravelers i got five spare hey 75 degrees in the magic city hey we're broadcasting life
hold on a second let me let me stop out of over 75 degrees in the magic city hills of a great storm
all over your radio dog come on down with it we're gonna get down tonight we're gonna
get groovy it's not a taboo but what they held up on talking about
if you if you held a gun to my head if you offered 50 million dollars we couldn't do that again
in the history you people i hit it did you see what happened i hit it and then i screwed up and i
hit the wrong button yeah and then i hit it again to queue up the record i just started it
i would never heard this card before and he still can do it what is that the old one i never heard
this card he just brought this in here it just brought the card in here and he it was perfect i
mean it wasn't close really nailed it oh nailed it beauty i i don't think i can continue i'm
gonna be another one of those days i go home early and there's not even a ball that you know i can't
take it it takes a lot to impress me that was i just stunned now those of you who wonder i mean
it where gets tossed around loosely with that yeah we're shocking okay roblo and a sex act
being close but this was shocking that was incredible i think the circle may make a comeback now
after that okay spike wise may start playing the circle after here and that was boy completed
this thought are we do we have this on tape just on the logger tape on do we have that we got it
yeah oh someday we got to hear that again i just got to hear what it sounds like that we repeated
it's unrepeated in a million years try try try would never be like that oh
that was i'm not can't recover i just can't get it back
pro 56 at wio do you're gonna card it up next is he's gonna get it off the tape yeah that would be great
we could really make some mileage out of that huh god oh my god how does he do it how does he do it
in he's an up to make me flip my lid okay we got an open line in date how can we have an open line
i see that's what you people piss me off okay we just heard something that you'll never hear a
gady won't hear that on a sandy patent show in a million years right you'll never hear that again
if you listen to every market in the world you'll never hear quite that accident again not even
on sandy well maybe yeah yeah don't be so happy fields doing talk up style jolson record yeah don't
be so quick bokeh hello did you eat it what did you eat it what the onion you dropped on the
picture yeah Arnold's burger yeah this is that rich junior okay rich um i was in there yesterday i
picked me up a neo-rodger six back what an Arnold oh it Arnold you were in there you well i'm a
little confused yeah just had that shocking experience and i'm still like info here when you
agree with me sure that that was mind-boggling it was it was fantastic oh boy i just i can still i
don't know what to say anymore go ahead i'm sorry i'm just i can understand your situation oh man
you can no you can i was i was listening oh i was the same way it was just it was like it was laid
right out it was like a one of those that they time out you know with the leader yeah and it just
was a miss i know it was planned right yeah it was controlled it was a contrived talk up okay
but anyways i picked me up a neo-rodger six back yeah it was fantastic right and uh
missus Arnold was wonderful great and yeah they're nice people yeah they really were they cook
them fresh right there why you wait yes they do you know they don't see these other places that
i don't want to mention any names but there's one other in i have in mind that tries to pretend to be
the old work and they have them in a steam thing and they've been cooked like 10 hours ago in fact
the one in my area went out of business yeah one in my area went out of there yeah because they're
they were terrible and in fact they also had hot dogs that were green okay right those were supposed
to be piano beef yeah well from Vienna Austria from 100 years ago okay yeah yeah that's a great
thing at Arnold's boy they are phenomenal so now i never got to tell you it was a pleasure meeting
well thank you remember remember out of pen dodge sure whatever you say yeah everybody thought it's
fat rich and you were oh yeah i remember you were there early right yeah yeah of course
feeling real bad but we still had a great time yeah i was getting sick that morning yeah you were
and that's because denimberg was out there yeah so i'm doing real good on my diet too good
well comms lose it up my Arnold yes in fact if tom loses another inch i think he's going to be at
the neutral i just want to let you know also my wife is a closet kneeling great and she doesn't
want light to admit it but she comes home from work and talks all about you and i go how did you
know that she heard it through the great time yeah that's what they all say and then she claims
she only listens to it because that way there she can have more to talk to me about when she gets
home right well she must she must be quite a conversationist okay listen have a great day good
time yeah my wife's not a douchebag okay have a good day yeah okay but she's working on it
evidently we have an open line in bokeh 278 946 3D gigantic massive one to two hour coming in the
wake of that incredible that i just i don't know what the hell to say anymore okay april
wore them has the one o'clock news Steve of course has uh you know what this afternoon and we'll be
back at 105
five
and so on to two hour hi april how you doing happy birthday and the i s and we're sure now that's
you're in such an instigator man she was so nice up until a few days ago she was always really great
and then all of a sudden something happened she was the instigator and she got me to kind of like
in a fun way i was ripping andy remember because yeah he allegedly said i was ripping her this gets
pretty complicated but anyway then i forgot because veneer he had it on the birthday was today's
and he's birthday we forgot and we forgot i never would have done that i just saved it for tomorrow
and his birthday cake is delicious so happy birthday and he and also Todd was there in the
newsroom with Jared and everybody else working away feverishly actually Todd wasn't doing a damn thing
it was it our time and he said what happened to you the other day i said i got sick
and he said oh i thought you got overheated and i said Todd would have had a been on today when
Ross was here that i got overheated and i don't think you know was he okay though about time
i don't think he liked that i think there's some kind of competition going on in here you know
that good luck to him although Todd does look very good today which is why of course he didn't come
in here because we don't have any more food by the time he came in the burgers were all gone so he
he like didn't come in to say hi did he no are you guys okay can i do anything and i get you
you know like anything i noticed that didn't come anywhere near no interest no food no interest now
i remember the one day remember Ross came in he had that paper what was the thing new times or
something that actually had to do with a show wasn't that incredibly no we had already had it still
yeah it had to do with anything like right over here and handed to me is it kind of like
well i didn't sit on my lap but close to it he got close to you close i saw i noticed not close
enough but close i watched so anyway Todd you're just now look at that sandy smiling and laughing
and to go falling out there because she knows that she didn't do anything wrong yes it wasn't your
fault it was that troublemaker sharing again or Laura one of those troublemakers we got so many
the best news of all oh guess who heard the rickie tiki talk yes theme season i ran it to
courses done all his great work he just i'll drill and you know the most incredible part
there's more what there's more i don't believe with though well i've had i didn't even know that
the great dogs on your great radio stages hey it's the rock and roll baby
what a card now that's a card you can't miss card yeah just a matter where you started
because i thought it was over but i stopped it just to be sure before and there's more
and he did it again he completed his thought as harry would say he did it again there may be more
on there could be more what goes on and on and on i ran into him downstairs he said he had heard
that he was just thrilled yeah i hope he heard that because that was probably did when we thought you
could never do it again that rickie never sell him short okay we used to say that about tonne
denberg but no more okay we got an open line in bokeh two two two on a w i o d two seven eight nine
four six three don't forget their dark oh geez i just dropped those stupid headphones they're dark
at the call today because they're raised on monday flight johnny johnny dark six order and a week
from tomorrow we're going to the track now don't go you you just i was back out of these things okay
okay in fact ross is here tomorrow i wonder if ross would like to go to the track with us next
through the with that change your mind would you be intimidated if he said yes well i would assume
that he has other things like this cool or go to school he's not going to go but i just said it
to see if i get a reaction to you just to make me crazy sure enough sure enough why would that make a
difference to you why is everyone looking for trouble today you could kind of hang out with fat
rich and all hang out with ross that sounds like a great match up to me it'd be okay with me
and you noticed Todd still didn't come in to say hi you're a far from you it's right everybody is
picking on me today well yeah i guess i'm fun to pick on huh well Sharon started it all
what happened to her anyway well it must have been when she went on vacation yeah it was right
to be just so great and all of a sudden she's like a bitch no that's that's a little extreme and
pretty strong yeah well let's let's put it in more reserve tone yeah 11 past one at wio day let's
do a little break here and talk about food which we really do on this show boy that ice cream cake
that dessert that um see i can't even talk anymore i'm so obsessed with those tacos oh that was
and he's birth wise yeah happy birthday andy andy is 20 today is he
what does that mean he's 20 today a great happy birthday it's a great age to be oh boy is it ever
yeah you're right good it is a great day he's a little too old for roblo but
yeah
12 minutes passed one at wio day let's talk about the salvo is right important i was going to do right
here at this juncture really what was it oh it was just card finished the card oh that card yeah
that was it that's it that was enough actually excellent job yeah great jobs there
i your your i'm damn i was she stepped out a little but it didn't matter yeah it still sounded good
to me yeah 115 at wio d my amy hello hello yes what are you talking about food what are you talking
about food yes we're talking about food it's great to eat pizza can you imagine grad what
be in a great to eat pizza when i first came to this country i didn't know what it drives i was
about 80 years ago yes now can you believe that yes i hear it can but you know i heard a classmate
that brought me a facility what was his name on the food list
otherwise i'll tell you and i'm sure are you sure about what are you cereal you said
i'm serious i'm serious i'm serious i'm serious wow okay well it's your nice here
they had pizza way back then oh boy yeah that's an even mithusley you have a great pizza okay
fact i think uh in recent months i've had some that he had his teeth into we have an open line
in pizza that is in date county 751 9463 751 wio d that was a call oh boy what a pressure pack
did it just what he thought it was going to be another you know just fly through the you four
hours and tense in here wow between roblo uh and uh boy now i feel good i hope so now i really
i had that great lunch from royal castle and i had nice piece of andy's birthday cake
got a big smile from Todd in the newsroom all the way did not come in here to say hi how you guys
doing there's enough food in here because there's no food in here see Ross at least comes by and
it lead maybe he doesn't mean it but he puts on the pre i think he does mean it puts on the pretense
of caring about this show and about us but Todd he makes it very clear that he don't have any idea
what's going on in here and couldn't care less and if we got some free child he's ready for it okay
if we beg hard enough he might come in here that's all right Todd we understand we don't take it
personally okay because i know you got a lot of important things to do with jirat in the newsroom
okay and Sharon said she'd like to watch here's a mobile in Miami hello deal play misty for me
oh jeez evelin how you doing evelin okay nice talk to you remember evelin um hm one 17 at
w i o d let's go to my that was in a mobile car mobile thing hello good afternoon ill yeah bird how
you doing all right we got a couple of things first of all i don't think you'd be doing a quad
pepper imitation just any type of please sure come on that was a terrible thing to say
i'm sorry well i got was you know look he was 88 years old okay nobody's happy when somebody dies
but he was 88 years old so i mean nobody lives forever okay exactly that is correct
uh tomorrow there's a horse in the seventh oh jeez what is it dikes image yeah i know that
now you may laugh but i was it caught her one day last summer and a horse came in paid about
sixty dollars oh yeah and of course i didn't have it i had a little little spy report here
the other day on the craig worthy show it gives you how i how desperate i was yes
yes go ahead sir we don't have to knock on the show yes you called it and said he was going to be a
guest on a show on craig show yes no well blind mic called in oh jeez bob martin and he said he was
going to be a guest on wk at oh mike yes oh boy maybe you'll get his old show well maybe you get his
own jingle first here's just something i was going back to the track maybe we could have
filled saltman inside a source man a couple of days ago apparently a horse lost a race and the
trainer was so upset with the horse that the trainer went up and punched his horse in the face
trooper don't be like that that's pretty funny well yeah if you weren't if you were the horse
you're gonna be like it's not funny it's pathetic exactly so that did happen maybe we can find
out from fill if he can find out if but any action was taken against the trainer or the horse
horse yeah horse was suspended for running too slow
the two the next two things here kind of like go hand in hand if i hate to admit this but that
was a porn movie that i saw not too many weeks ago oh the one with rob low in it well no i hear
they're selling in the blockbuster and i swear to you this is true there's a female porn
oh star that resemble a strong resemblance to our friend oh sandy i don't know you know maybe if
she's looking for other career moves here but trust me Steve can probably verify this story
yes Steve would know because he's seen every one of them exactly i've only seen two out of
when you get that rob low tape yeah and you review it for us yeah we're gonna have you
watch it on the air are you gonna give us like a blow by blow well as close as we can yeah
as long as the plantation police are listening well about that i can only say good day okay wonderful
twenty after one at wiod say well two okay i think we got the let me get a little bit more
a compression going here for the liberty help ourselves with the gravelers i got five spare hey
75 degrees oh my god hey we're broadcasting live hold on a second let me let me stop that over
75 degrees in the magic city hills over great storm oh love we already old time come on down with it
we're gonna get down to that we're gonna dread groovy it's the right time with it what what the hell am i talking about
oh oh oh oh oh my oh my it was better than i thought see if people knew the you hit the cart you
had no CD in the machine you took you know i had it in the inner but i punched it up to cut five i
started it and i hit the pause button the play button it went back to one there's always one
I had to punch up oh five again hit it on pause to get it cute up and then i started it just
anywhere as we never heard this cart before okay and then through the miracle of that blue cap man
the guy just comes through a lot i can't believe it boy that car is probably gonna get worn out
probably have to have several copies of that that that's a classic they'll be asking to borrow that
on stations all over this market you know the man himself might actually want to hear that you know
i'm gonna make like triple x's on there just make a special marking so we know they want to
okay i think we got the let me get a little bit more compression going here and by the way
before we finish this later we might let him talk up flies eyes okay let him do him all
self the gravelers i got five spare hey 75 degrees in the magic city hey we're broadcasting life
hold on a second let me let me stop that over 75 degrees in the magic city hills of a great storm
oh we already old time come on down with it we're gonna get down to that we're going to
dress groovy it's not that i was what they held up on talking about oh god that was uh
be on why we just put that on endless loop and played over again for 24 hours we get a 400
share doing that you know what people would be on the phone calling everybody calling
her relatives in Orlando and everywhere oh man that is incredible that was shocking in fact if
you look up shocking in the dictionary that cart will be right up to the word okay it's 123 at
w i o d wings plus man i am in love with the now i'm sure that the buffaloes 125 at w i o d and the
bokeh puke is getting a little practice early today how did you know because that's what it says
on the screen it says bokeh pukeh didn't introduce yourself no i did well by now nicknose who you are
and so does the rest of the world yeah what's with that guy nick anyway what do you mean what's
with him he has to do the cane show every day isn't that enough sir well yeah it seems like when
king comes on he turns into a gorilla or something you know well that's the idea uh my son tried calling
you know six times yesterday wouldn't let him on all i want to do is tell nick that he makes me puke
is that it that's it okay thank you by the way as they say in the network business he said the feeling
is mutual 126 at w i o d we have an open line in bokeh 2789463 278 w i do a lot of really sensitive
chronic side there and open tomorrow is the first of june it's the first day of a brand new month so
even uh maybe somebody we know would like to give us a jingle
the way that starts everybody do with the wck r twist
all the dk's are moved to the wck r twist
that's they want to okay i think we got a little bit more
thinking of it
the pressure's going here with the love to help myself and grab it
that's pipe where hey 75 degrees and the magic city
hey we're broadcasting live hold on a second let me uh let me stop that over
75 degrees in the magic city hills and all the great songs all of you're ready
you're
now come on down with it we're going to get down tonight we're going to get groovy
it's the right time we'll see what the hell am i talking about
thanks to the wck r twist
i don't leave it though well i tell you what here's another great song on your great radio station
hey it's rock and roll baby
i bet your mic loves this huh oh
you know i could be his favorite jingle
okay one more time for the west coast say want to okay i think we got the
let me get a little bit more compression going here with the love to help
ourselves the gravelers
that's right hey 75 degrees and the magic city hey we're broadcasting live
hold on a second let me let me stop that over 75 degrees in the magic city hills and all the
great songs all of you're ready you're done come on down with it we're going to get down
tonight we're going to get groovy it's the right time we'll see what they're
talking about you couldn't drop a road there in be in there it's just incredible exactly what i
was thinking oh man well something there yeah you couldn't drop a rollo pubic here in that space
that's what kind of is 129 at wiod my amy hello hello nil yeah i've got a disney spy report
oh is he out on the course now what's he on about the eighth hole no a Walt Disney spy report
oh okay i spent a memorial day week on a bit world-to-the-world
and by the way don't anybody call in the building for mic disney read any other head hunches
they're all busy playing golf and a rough holiday weekend and don't take this the wrong way
yes but but i noticed that a lot of the guys who work there are little say
yeah and disney world you just noticed that i mean every ride we went on the guy at the front of
the car was like and this is the world of energy that's correct and even the women who worked
there looked a little bit a little fake yeah i i don't i don't want to make any of it
in fact when you get to the magic kingdom they say what do you say i i've been there a dozen times
in the wild west the kingdom there they got the fey Wayne up until this trip i never noticed you
never noticed i've always noticed that fact there used to be a joke that maybe it was like a prerequisite
that's common knowledge i think oh yeah well listen i mean and they play up this big thing
we're the family oriented so what's wrong with that no it's not wrong but it's just like
well i don't know okay that's why i said don't all of the families sir that's why i said don't take
it the wrong way i didn't i don't think it the wrong way doesn't bother me okay anyway it doesn't
bother you we were at mgm studios yes and we're waiting in line and the sun is like dead i mean
this weekend was the hottest weekend in orlando this year and we're waiting for like an hour to get
on this little ten minute ride and the guy comes out to the front on his little microphone and he says
so how are we all doing in the Florida sun yeah and everybody was like groaning and well what do you
expect with people to hang around with mice and uh ducks and fairies all they what do you expect
so after all the groaning stopped just for the hell of it i shout it out i'm dying over here
and you wouldn't believe the scattered applause i got no come on no the people that the
way the applause was they must have been a few neilies up there yeah because they knew what i was
talking about when i yelled i'm dying maybe some of the help but it was a lot of fun yeah oh yeah
it's always fun you know have you been there yet oh you mean to the mgm now no i was supposed to be
there but of course uh somebody who didn't do it back in our sales department uh appropriated
that weekend for some other business so you know anytime i'm supposed to have a vacation or go away
or do something on my own they they decide that that's the time for me to go do a remote you know
it's true it's a true story i had it i had it set up weeks in advance
well we know little snot knows douchebag in the sales department screwed up my life again
which is her greatest area of expertise okay so uh how does person to find a date for it and do
her remote you're just the hardest person and you know she'll give you one day which would be
my lucky to be the only day of the year that i can't do it on and she gives me a big song in the dance
okay so now who am i supposed to mail my blockbuster card to umayla to roblo okay he may need it okay
yeah i mean i should want 30 while i'm in henley rob might need it because he's big in the video
132 at wiod we have an open line in pom beach which is pretty amazing at 655 wiod 655
9463 oh here's one we should have played on monday
when rick weaver was here promo in doffin football right here too right this is right around the corner
he's kind of like catching himself amidst dream there you know this just you don't want to step
on him again like bobby darren look what happened to bobby darren yeah about that yeah so you all
you amateur DJs out there don't start stepping on a artist because bad repercussions could occur
you betcha and then you'll have to take the blame for a 133 at wiod and she'll stop lord his
favorite restaurant for the best shellfish anywhere it has added fresh chargrilled fish to their menu
they have yes they have and she'll start each day looking over the freshest fish available in
and chooses only the very freshest healthiest fish to serve you each night fact they got the fish
doctor who comes in with little white coat and in a stethoscope and he sticks it right there and
they're a gills you know and if they're okay then they're okay and shells butchers these fish
into fillets weighing three quarters of a pound portions big enough to be called steaks and then
brushes them with a light marinade made with fresh rosemary thyme and saffron and grills it to
highlight the delicate fresh fish flavors the best and freshest fish in safford is also some of the
most affordable fish as shells is serving those three quarter pound portions are fresh dolphin only
seven ninety five and three quarter pound portions of yellow fintuna or swordfish only nine ninety five
a ridiculously low price shells a real seafood experience at dockside prices with five locations
all over the south floor the serve you including the shells in candle that's on hundred seventeen
and sunset and the tj max placid just a half mile north of kendal drive hi this is Steve Kane
inviting you to join me on the next Steve can show and my guest will be controversial spanish
radio talk show host filet bay Rivera recently fired that's on the next deep can show two o'clock
six ten w i o d the fastest boat in the world faith offers speeds of the two hundred miles per hour
this weekend June 2nd third and fourth with Miami marine stadiums the 19th annual Miami flood
wide-angle high-well plane regatta south floor is biggest in most exciting sports of a hit your
tickets now and make plans to see some of the world's most famous hyperplane scooper e-mid
new action on trial sequence all day Friday and Saturday and the main event starts promptly
of noon on Sunday and there's a net of the traction there'll be a water ski show presented by the
greater Miami ski club at 11 a.m. on Sunday for just $15 in good football Saturday and Sunday
action show number 12 on three Saturday and just five dollars on Sunday if your tickets now
welcome to see still remain in Miami marine stadium or at 814 at the Osborne and bring the entire
family to Miami marine stadium this weekend for the speed the sensation respected all the fastest
hyperplane sports in the world going for it all in the 19th annual Miami flood wide-well
plane regatta okay 135 at w i d now see these are the toughest ten minutes the show because nobody
wants to talk with the rest of the minutes that's right this is what you call building a frankenstein's
monster and throws them off when you you answer the their phone because they're holding on
we'll be back on hold for the lightning rod because all I could say is we're dying over here yeah
it's all Osudo intellectuals from New York you notice those real sophisticated
the only thing they can say dying over here
Miami hello hello Neil how are you doing today we're dying over here sir
sounds terrific Neil I know New York Med fan you are yes and I'm cool well that's great
the congratulate you good game last night and yeah we did terrible that's okay I'm
calling congratulate you and just your cargo costs are doing so well so far so far but I will be
calling you back in September yeah when they are where they supposed to be
see we even have the right music for it I appreciate that okay well just as long as we're
you know a half a game ahead of the meds it'll be okay with me well be for a short period of time
but I give you the opportunity to to gloat now right okay rag on you later okay but I do hate Bob
Murphy and Ralph Kiner well you have good taste here and I'll tell you it's even worse is
Fran Healy oh the Yankee no no he does the meds games well in the sport no he doesn't do radio
it is the meds games that you don't see because you don't have a sports channel or do a sports
channel do you get meds games sometimes yeah yeah well he's on there I like Harry Carey
it wasn't Chicago 1985 yeah and for a weekend the night so are two cubs games and it was
incredible great to date him out there yeah nobody like him all right Neil take care of
yourself yeah one thirty seven at W.I.O.D. we have an open line in date at seven five one
nine four six three and of course I become such a fanatic cubs fan I used to like like last night
when Mitch Williams struck out the last braves batter and a cubs one and Harry always says
cubs win cubs win screaming and but before that on a strikeout he always says he struck him out
I don't hear it anymore because I'm a screaming so I scream over it so I guess I should tape it
should night huh anyway it's why I knew you'd be very heavily and when he's not your type you know
let's go to a mobile in Miami hello he's not as type no boy what is it I guess he misses type like
Ross oh that's is Peter North is type oh you'd have to ask him where what do you say no
you know who he is yeah you know what he looks like uh huh he knows all those a pornograph
star sir he knows all those pornographic guys you got an answer still no
Billy but like if you decided that his type is like you're ever been a long flowing here who could
be anything you name it what I'll tell you what I'd defy you to find a girl with a bigger chest
of Peter North oh yeah I mean we got to be honest here well he does have a massive chest but at
you know hey well you know it's in a right proportion I don't I've been trying to call you for a
while about about Alice my our buddy Alice Alice what's he doing now if you're going to show for
that but anyway he um he was he had a show on one time about this lady who was some dating expert
this was a couple weeks ago and if he was in there she was saying now how if you would super
market and some girl came up to you and she said but I know that she's going on and I'm thinking
of myself if a girl came up to Alan the supermarket he probably took well this is what is
a lady I mean yeah I would take his cart and run over to the fresh fruit market and he's going well
you know it doesn't happen that often I'm like no kidding guy I don't know who I don't know one
thing about Alice boy he sure got everybody fooled yeah what did he say what did I don't want
you got a fool though with that yeah what did he get everybody huh huh huh huh huh huh huh
that couldn't show us I don't care what he had a nice life huh huh huh huh huh huh huh
21 to W.I.O.D we have an open line in day 7519463 751 well yeah but I mean let's uh you know
it's one thing to beat around a bush a little bit so that's the thing is to lay a giant egg right
in the middle of the radio okay Oakland Park hello yeah this is what yes hold on hold on
oh god you want us to hold on what yes um is it bird there no can I speak to him yes
hey bird what do you want um listen Steve Kane's getting kind of ponderous he's standing right in the
other room now so take your best shots yeah his show is getting pretty ponderous you know it's
the only good excuse I got to listen to music anymore oh jeez here was wondering if it'd be
possible to get the bird to fill in for Steve Kane next time he's well I'm sure Steve would be
delighted to answer if he had a microphone he'd be like well he's going to use the birds which
will make you feel better how are you doing sir I hear you're a big fan yeah I've listened to you
for years for years yeah well you have good taste sir yeah I agree about you know that though
so what is it you were so what is it you were saying behind my back that you what to say to my
face when he was in the other rooms all right what I was saying is I thought you'd make an excellent
sidekick for uh Neil I thought I heard the word ponderous somewhere sir ponderous did I hear the
I mean I might have mistaken what you said as I was walking through the hallway did I hear the words
ponderous come from your mouth did you see the bumper sticker it says mungu believable
sir are you addressing the question I'm asking you you know he's not even speaking to him at all
sorry I would hate to think that you're being evasive well I would hate to think not
like being evasive is one thing but I would hate to think that you were this big ballsy guy with
nobody was around behind their back but then when you came face to face with him that you would
kind of back off like a whimpering coward sir well yeah ponderous is ponderous I mean come on
yes I get that feeling and talking to you sir okay sir thank you for your call 141 at W.I. How are you today
it's great now they've been great today they have been absolutely incredible with this nasty
sub you coming you're talking me starts to pee down oh no he just uh tried to pretend he doesn't
know you're there don't you you weren't talking loud enough you just weren't loud enough
142 at W.I.O.D how do you do that I can't do that we're just gonna have to assert ourselves a little
more here I guess that's what it is well I feel uh almost human it shows almost over and unfortunately
Steve has got that Philippe Rovero coming in but I which I just can't believe I just can't believe it
just one of the most uh oh fairs the only word that I can think of when I think of it no I'm not
that only want to see him okay he's like uh walking expert on his what he is okay yeah he sure does
yeah I got a lot of strikes against me in his book I'll tell you that uh let's go to Miami hello
hello I want to hold for the lighting okay hold on sir good call good call that's the best
we're gonna hear of on that line we're gonna we've got three people holding already for the
lightning round we do well let's do the break now again over these people don't want to talk it's
you know they're getting antsy they want to stay want to do we dying over here yeah they do yeah
anybody from out of town I think the lightning rod is probably a good public service the chamber of
commerce doesn't like it too well but it's a real good lesson for you what this town is it's like a
microcosm of this entire community all in like 15 minutes it's really great you can get really like in
15 seconds in any individual call like a little um microcosm if I could find that cart boy we got so
much they must have brought in 8000 cars I know I know they went nuts I can never find this oh here
it is and so it says were and it spelled W H E R E where dying over here this is chronic
production okay so they did great work but they don't spell to yeah there's an H and W H E R E
yeah where dying over here oh man talk about brain surgeon they hire no wonder the weekends are
disastrous here wow 143 Toyota of Hollywood on 441 in Hollywood is the number one Toyota dealer in
the southeast and the number four volume sales Toyota dealer in the entire country honey like
that hmm so that should give you a pretty good idea of just how popular Toyota Hollywood is
and the reason they became so infamous is because they give you great deals they treat you like a
human being they give you excellent service and they have an award winning service department put
it all together it means satisfied customers who come back time and time again to trade in deal at
Toyota of Hollywood don't forget right now the Toyota rebates from the factory are humongous up
to $2,500 rebates on some model Toyota's so now is the smart time during the dog days for you
to find your best deal and don't forget the used car lot right across the street on 441 and
mark the date on the calendar now Saturday June 24th the Gonsa Mishbhaha the whole bunch of us
we're going to be over there at Toyota of Hollywood whatever you know the time I'm not sure but
whenever Linda's sides will be convenient for her we will be there on the 24th of June so mark
the date and encounter we're going to have some really special things going to give away the
Bill McQuake business cards yeah which could be collectors items in themselves in fact what you can do
is you can cut take half of the blockbuster video card and tape it to half of the Bill McQuake
card you'll have a collectors item worth millions something yeah that's Toyota of Hollywood on
441 just south of Sheridan in Hollywood this is deep cave for the East Coast fisheries restaurant
and market more than just a restaurant the East Coast fisheries are commercial fishers they have a
fleet of 38 boats that go out every night and come in and bring in all that great fish
every morning the fishery the East Coast fisheries restaurant market today was swimming
within the last 24 hours what delicious fish it is that fresh black and sea trout with a roasted
red pepper sauce my personal favorite fried group are so fresh so tasty so crunchy and delicious
and of course the Olympic salmon from an award-winning recipe fresh king salmon cook which is the
head of smoke and a delicious white wine sauce you are going to really love that one if you're
into seafood you're not going to find it fresher better that at the East Coast fisheries restaurant
and market located at the intersection of West Flagler at North River Drive on the river under
the Flagler Street Bridge in downtown Miami they're open for lunch and dinner when you're in there
be sure to tell them you heard it on the Steve Cain show you know what I mean 146 at WIOD and
anyway at that time I guess we just can't put it I'm so content now like bossy to cow we had a
great lunch yeah I had a little piece and he's birthday cake yeah the energy Todd did not come by
didn't even say goodbye he's probably gone by now because they've those in here huh there's no food in
here yeah he was working on a birthday cake I think just a little joke now you have the energy
to do it's not a little joke it's here it's a shot oh look at that Todd came in the control room just
to say hello to you because he hasn't seen you today yeah no just a wave high and say how say he
doesn't need food of course he didn't come like because he knows the food is long gone well that's
okay we understand what are you gonna say now do you have the energy to do this lightning round
I'm working on it okay you get ready you know you got the buzzer in there why what do you
gonna do nothing I'm not gonna do you have your fingers on a picture of spike wise well because you
were gonna do like a wiki board don't you understand yeah upside down picture yeah that fits so
perfectly man bill indigo boy wise there it is talk about it's ego talk about getting carried away
with yourself and after those trends okay let's start in date county hello cut Steve canon
happens sending me and that's an idea pombi chelo a Glenn not have some rolling paper
date county hello I am and they don't I'm still constipated
date county hello it might not be as bad as everyone thinks
pretty amazing start to that yeah weird I sure you want to go through with this yeah I'm having
second-throwered hello yes w i d those are my favorite oh man he must have been called from plant
city I like the pombi chelo hi I'm ill-run tells love town that's almost as good as the rob
low story isn't it Howard County hello Neil who is that jerk that thinks that face to face
confrontation is over the phone date county hello Steve canon bill our douche bags
who the bat line is ran again oh great should we take it well just have your hello
writing writing that was the hotline yeah the bat line probably from inside the building
well you know since the dennenberg lost those two winches bokeh hello
very much clear oh that's the mister s yeah mister s again by the way also if he shows up at toyota
of hollywood we'll have him personally escorted away they got a special pickup truck to take
him away on date county hello he'll I'm not ready to call me for my hoagie my mouth
or something yeah Howard hello big flyer please big flyer what I don't know a big county hello
does rob bro pombi chelo you bad the pander oh oh oh oh sick did you hear that yes that was
the scut them others another call on the bat line hello writing I got cut off before
you know you idiots who think we're gonna put you on hold even on the bat line are you out of your
mind it's the light around he wants to be put on hold are you some kind of a moron and it was
from inside the building I think kind of like that that anything sounded like Bill mullen to me
broard hello it green growth will you tip of the day
day they came out of yellow that was it oh boy he just copied in between the turtles there I get
oh that was so weak you know to have to waste 20 seconds to let it to the label up again
at least if you're gonna do something filthy do it create it okay nobody else here's it but
least we'd like to enjoy that was so weak when I just keep thinking about this hotline call he
must have seen Guyana race one times too long yeah it was his problem broard hello I congratulate you
to Alice you know yeah who did he say he owns a Corvette yes he did in that night I wonder what
color it is dead county hello there's people on hands home bokeh hello it's fallen and I can't get it up
yeah that was from bokeh yeah dead county hello best calling day broard hello satellite
dish provocateur that's me pambi chelo rings are not good
haha that's not like tricky dick junior yeah dead county hello your dick bokeh hello get back on your
diet you want her pambi chelo I wish there was a little bar is out oh god if only I would have known
and the bad line is ran again I just didn't work again uh oh since he had the operation man he
just can't control himself hello how they hung up thank god I think he got caught with his pants down
Dave County hello I yeah I called yesterday about the man I should draw yeah broard hello
John get back to work
yeah
dead county hello you're a mad wreck
yeah
broard hello
yeah this is the character
yeah
yeah
yeah
I don't know about that sir
yeah
yeah
dead county hello
want to get a run
yeah good luck to you all right with your speed you ought to be like any express
way bokeh hello
it's about a little dog mean
nothing
yeah
wasn't it yeah it was ponderous it may have been it could be it was
yeah
it was
yeah well I think he had a point though I think it was it was worth considering for a few seconds
we might actually play this again they want to okay I think we got the let me get a little bit more
compression going here with a lumpy almost self the gravelers
I got five spare hey 75 degrees in the magic city hey we're broadcasting life hold on a second
let me let me stop that over 75 degrees in the magic city hills of a great song
all of you already old dog come on down with it we're going to get down to the right we're going to
grit groovy it's the right time with what they hell about talking about
yeah okay one fifty two at w i t then I'm telling you they're going to be talking about that
from coast to coast that may make it on morey pupick show you know yeah everywhere
broard hello Neil the bag of one up two cents again
date county hello what do you think of the s that's a hole
pompi chillo ralf merry k want you back on the off
broard hello urban to make bean art of god
oh is that spike wise any chance he gets man he just desperate and of course we saw the trend
so we can understand why date county hello
broard hello the country pickup Tommy John
boca hello oh yeah this is the kernel from the classic run there you got
date county hello
okay big steep campaign fan club on lightning right today date county hello
all right only more no no what i'm talking about boca
they uh no they're there it just takes a little one wait a second hello like a lapse
okay there goes that bat line again hello i say we match up rob blow and dork lady and let the boca puke
that's gonna be next Thursday on a cane show date county hello you
bastard
uh
what you call broard hello you have the reason uh the birds hung like a second grade because
Neil did it off
date county hello i thought queers like poppers
broard hello
broard
oh i was just uh getting choked up boca hello
it's suck
haha
pombi chello
hey Henry open up another bottle
date county hello
this is Alice any calls for me
pombi
oh what the hell am i doing over here
the bat line
Jeff Clark uses a climate to fall to brush
yeah
that was from inside the inside of building okay does that tell you how much work they're
getting done back there yeah they're really good and at sales department really on a stick
date county hello
you get giggle yellow
broard hello
good girl
broard hello
bird come on come out wherever you are
leave me alone
pombi chello
he's more your tight than mine
i told him man you're the talk of the city
leave me alone you don't have to worry he said you're not his type
uh date county hello
sales people are anthems
well that was in brown we just want to make sure we attribute it's not important
you know no the people get the proper credit and they have a chart that they keep like pictures
chart pitches in the ballgame
date county hello
dad all these partners are douche bags
pombi chell nomen loves dick grott
giggle
date county hello
oh that must have been called from disney we're waiting for
broard hello
how is does where condom
broard hello
ever smacked my day
oh why
it hurts that word in a long time
it was do you know what that was do you
no i know clue i've no idea
just to be on the safe side
i am
it couldn't have been all that good you know
no that wasn't anything i could tell you
I didn't get anything out of it. I think it was something vulgar in Swahili or something. I'm not sure.
Dead County. Hello. Oh, they are really good today aren't they Palm Beach?
Like I told all you tourist out there who don't understand the area if you listen to this part of the show every day for like 10-15 minutes
It gives you a perfect outlook on what this whole market is about. Isn't it the only a little microcosm of what this town is all about?
Broward. I'm quite an over here.
Uh, did I read what part third?
Second from the bottom like a virgin with Joseph Gackie singing like a virgin to a ballroom crowd
Hank Goldberg hosted the 610 WIOD sponsored breakfast of champions to benefit the leukemia study over $15,000 was raised with attendees
Breakfasted with Sanfote sports celebrities may third
Is there anything about anybody else in here? I see the sports people got a little plug and
Reniri got a little thing here
Now there's not nothing about now. There's a thing about the ratings, but it doesn't well. I just
Doesn't mention our names in here at all. This is again boy Geary's yeah, this is boy Geary's newsletter and once again
We didn't make it okay. No, we never make it. What is that Larry? Oh, and that's marvelous. Okay
Let's go to Broward. Hello
We didn't make the newsletter again. Okay, never we only got 85 minutes. What the birds of milk
Okay, good point hotline. Hello
Isn't that pathetic they even hang up on a bad line? Volca. Hello
Your big fan in Volca
The book of you. Curd. Dead. Hello
Felipa Rivero is a communist
I like that call sir call us anytime. Okay two three times a day. Dead County. Hello
Palm Beach
Boy he tells you something's like a half an hour dead County. Hello
I don't have you see my pepper baseball
Broward hello. Oh Rob you shouldn't have
All right a familiar voice what's that?
No, but that's for appearances, but that has nothing to do with about anything going on in the station
Now it's like we don't eat. Yeah, you're in there with one on Toyota Hollywood
But it's like nothing's like we don't even exist
It's like we don't even exist okay and the boy Geary newsletter
He should only hang himself with his suspenders. Okay on his way back to Louisville
He's among brain a douchebag. It besides that wouldn't know. Huh? Is he packing now good? Well pack him sandwiches and
