I'm a cup fan
I know bud man and I trust you are too. Yeah. Oh
Man is this gonna be something? Okay 1006 a W I O D
It is so hot in this studio man in this building the air is out
We're working on a holiday. This is the last one. I'm doing okay real last one that I'm doing I you know Steve does trivia
On these holidays and I'll be honest with you. I don't blame him
That's the most effort that he should be putting out. Oh look at his rich got a fan a fan
Thank God just stick in front of my nose. Okay, man
I came in not feeling good to begin with I felt like I was gonna puke
I think it was psychological you know working on these holidays
See what they don't understand it interesting how like Friday midday after everybody got paid then place kind of bailed out
Did you notice that kind of and now it's Monday and all these all these douchebags are taking this long
You extended holiday. I even working in podung places. I never heard of working on a moral day and on the fourth of July and
All these other days. It's incredible poor him and and and poor him
Yeah, and on suckest they got to be out of their mind these goiam here man working on suckest their nuts
Yeah, just crank it up. Where did you find that? Oh, thank God for that rich boy. Oh, what would we do without that rich?
Is there any year coming? I think it's blowing the wrong way. Oh, it's making a lot of noise
That's good. Oh great. Don't stop
And you hear the thing God Wow
What you just barely hear it? I don't care if it sounds like a wind tunnel and making a difference to me
No, it's not working Henry don't you know just calm down
1007 a W I O D and Henry's been crawling around on his hands and knees all morning in the loo's room so that you give you an idea
This is it. This is the end. I'm going on strike on the next another fourth of July. I'll be on vacation anyway
That's easy for you to say
That's right. You'll be on vacation that weekend collection of highlands where the hell is highlands North Carolina
Well, we don't care about that. I feel like crap. I walk out the front door this morning. There's a snake on
my front
Thing there on my stoop whatever you call it in front of your door is a snake not a big one just a
Smallish one
Yep up what it's falling. Oh the fan is falling. Maybe we'll have a fire in here or something
God that would be the best thing that ever happened to this place
It's the only way we'll get any time off. I'll tell you that and we probably do the show from channel seven
Well, that's great boy. Thank God for fat rich. I just a little circulate the thing is blowing hot air
And we got enough hot air at W.I. already okay?
It's blowing hot air see now if the corporate
bureaucratic assholes were here today you can be damn sure they'd have the AC people in here and the engineers will be up on a ceiling
We're all here all alone and it feels like death in here man. This is pathetic. What the hell are we doing here today?
Good question and I got a Cubs game at one o'clock and we're trying to find WTBS playing the Braves in Atlanta
Why do you have to find a station? Yes on his cable three hours before the game?
Yeah, have you had to find anything on his cable system? Well, yeah, yeah, it could be a point
This this cable system is probably then have TVS, you know
KT LA in Los Angeles or something without good luck. This is this goal code. It's the weirdest way ever
Vest sparing no expense to bring you the very best. So this is gonna be quite a show
They're gonna get what they're paying for today. I'm buying over here. Yeah
Oh, man, I felt like puke coming in here, but now coming and sitting in this blowing hot air
From the vent so the fan is circulating the hot air
Feels like we're in a we're in a swamp like we're doing a show from the Everglades
It might be what?
Frozen up
Do you got a covered? It was turned off. It was turned off. It was turned off
Why was it turned off what kind of morons? So we got in this place. I don't wonder it wasn't
Geez, thank God for having like I said
Hey listen, is it really working? Yeah, it was turned off
What are they doing conserving now? They're trying to save money. Oh, GTR got cold
Well, I saw their numbers. Okay, they're as cold as ice screw them. They got cold. They turned it off
How do you like this?
Jesus
Yeah, some moron over a GTR turns the whole unit off so we can all just
Shritz over here all day on the holiday. What that nice. Yeah, thanks a lot. Okay. Thanks guys
I mean, I grant it you can't get much colder than your numbers. We saw them. I hope you go down to a one in the next trend, okay?
Turned it off and then when his when their shift was over they just left. Yeah, don't worry about that door
Nope, everybody else in a building can just shwitz. Yeah, I like it
I think it's sick and nauseous and puke. I'm glad when you hear that music on GTR. Oh
God
And you think this fits in
Yeah, your mama
Or somebody's mama
Showing you
What's all this crazy question is
This is the craziest party that could ever be
That's good you ought to see what we're watching on perfect. I wanted to yes. Thank you for
Like crazy to find the TBS, but this turns out to be PBS
It wasn't bad enough. We had mr. Rogers with this sneaker zone
Now we got some ridiculous broad with a what do you call it that she's wearing some kind of a
Pomona
Like some kind of a goy-ish or kimono that she's wearing with a thing of flowers around she's doing a little kazaki
She's doing a swim. Where's Bobby Freeman? Look at that. She's saying come on. Let's swim with Bobby Frida
Like that. Oh
And that's mr. Rogers is on there look at that. Oh, oh god nice. No wonder the countries all screwed up
You're watching this crap this idiot with a sweater and a sneakers and all these bombed out zonked out
His back is got on there. No wonder America's going to hell in a hand basket. Oh
God what do you want sir?
Deal. Yeah, how you doing? Well, these call. This is a good start. You hear the sound
Well, I'm on a cord that I'm sitting out here by the by the stream here by the stream
I'm about ready to sit on a stream myself here in a second
So I hear this and brother. I hope you don't get stuck
But I I got to know the what the regional
Up here the newspapers are my Amy wanted four to one they had to win three games in a row and then
There was a really interesting game Georgia Tech and Villanova was 18 to 16 in that game
It's a real good solid pitching
And in the Keynes a one two yesterday they beat Villanova four to one last night
So they're off to Omaha again. They won two yesterday. Yeah, who did it yesterday?
Going over who was the first game the first game was Central Florida where's this call from?
Highlands North Carolina. They don't have any news
No, bird you wouldn't believe it. No news at all comes one yesterday six to one. Bellucky had a shut out
And then it's thinking ugly Chris Sabo hit another home run for the reds
But it comes one it easily six to one and Sean Dunston drove in two more runs
So it's really exciting. I'm glad here as my two favorite teams of cover
Mike Bellucky when another complete game subcliff pitch the complete game on Saturday and Bellucky
Completely mess today now. We know that streak will end today because Derek Sanderson starting for the Cubs
And he never gets by the fifth inning
Okay, I never never never in the
The Lambo journal up here all eight there's eight regionals going on the country and they report on three
One from the
I don't know
Did you know there was a revolution in China? Yeah, I heard that bird. Oh, that did get up there
Did you know there was a revolution in the United States sir?
Nathan Hale is gonna be Steve's guest this afternoon
It's Fernando and then on sports talk they got Barbara Hale coming in was it Fernando's who beat the Gators?
In the first game yet the go the Gators. Yeah, yeah, and then he played for left field yesterday in the first game
He's just everywhere. All right. I'm glad to hear it
Okay, well, you got all the information we'll ever need sir and have a wonderful life
Okay, easy for you to say what the hell I'm serious. This is the last holiday
I mean I might work like Tisha Bob
I'm not doing it. I am not doing it. It's ridiculous even like in
West Palm Beach we didn't work on these holidays. Oh my god three day weekend, you know once in a while even the
Talent even us mung-brain talent need a little extra day to recharge our batteries the Sally Fitzwood say
Oh, man, this is this is pathetic. Thank God for Henry Barrow man and the only reason he did because he's been around here so long
He knows where everything is buried and I know that's who to go back the real reason he found he's got a bottle stands
Where the unit is okay, we were gonna tell everybody. No, it's no surprise fifth race today
The bird is picking capital ABC with Castillo who won his first start at Halea
Did he run since then? I don't think sounds a second stark and then I trace I see they got medieval victory with Steve
Gaffley on on top well, I'm passing him up as you would expect and I'm going with one of my favorite horses
Billy Osage with a famous no rider. Oh in the ninth race had called her today of course
It's opening day of called her today and I got my pass my little pin here my media pin
I wish I could get out there today, but the cubs come first. I hate to say it
But the cubs come for I guess I could leave about 12 30 huh?
I don't know why you're laughing. I'm serious. I'm hearted. I
Mean I realized I could see the first hour here, but then I miss a whole half hour in a way home
Wow, that's unacceptable isn't it? Yes, you possibly. I mean, then you won't be here tomorrow
So what are playing tomorrow night?
And there's gale out there wandering around in the hallway wondering what the hell is going on
Yes, wonder to gale. We wonder what the hell is going on see what it says on our clothes something about nasty boys
Yes, I'm a
Fascinating speaking of nasty boys Ross will be in about oh, I got to tell you an incredible story
Okay, well take the break when we get around to it. Okay. No hurry. We got no business today. It's a holiday
So what are we what are we doing here? Why don't they leave us alone already? Okay?
You idiot Disney. Why don't you leave us alone?
You don't see him here today do you notice? I could arrange it. I guarantee I could get him in here
You want to see me do that's okay? That's okay anyway, so I get a call
For getting to the phone call you see this piece of mail. Yeah, I'm curious about that has a return self-adressed stamped envelope in it
I'll do another story about Joe with seven ends after the break because he couldn't be listening to the his busy probably a wini roast like
See this holiday unfortunately has degenerated like all other holidays in America to excuse for everybody to get drunk
Yes, the only reason we have these holiday week area so everybody can get plowed
And then I hear on the news all these people got slaughtered in car accidents over the weekend and a great many of them
You know drunk drivers is that a surprise big surprise? I mean they've got you know every other billboard coming to work is a booze billboard
Okay, no, I don't get Henry upset because you got the air back on
Hi Neil. I enjoy you in your program
You always said don't bug me on the tapes for Christmas
But after hearing the blast you gave the guy for calling you the other day because he could call you about not receiving his tape
I feel I'm between a rock and a hard place
Oh, I see where this is going. Yeah, any of your houses canceled check and he did this and on and on and
So nice thing we got this when Rich was here. I like that
I would appreciate your checking on this for me. I check
We don't have it, okay
We don't know about it. We don't have it and we don't want to know about it, okay?
I'm in coherent. I needed I needed at least another three four hours sleep and I need to leave early to see the Cubs a glant of game
This is unacceptable is what it is. It's just unacceptable
And I asked you about all the other marginal talent in the market. They're working today most of them
Colonel. What does that tell you about the colonel is there? I said talent. Oh, oh, I'm sorry captain Dave was not there
Colonel has already had more days off. He's only been on the air like for six months over there
I already had more days on yeah, that's right. This is it for me never again
Never again in fact, I'm let me put it to this way any day that the high-level bureaucrats have off for some haul in other words
They won't take off for Sim Costa because they're all going anyway, but any day that they take off I'm taking off
Okay, so simple as that all right
1019 to W I O D
I don't do my job as well when I'm
Constantly today, huh? Does that fit in here today 22 after 10 at W I O D
Hurricanes are off to Omaha. I guess I mean sunny and Joe are off to Omaha. Oh, that's probably we I heard Rick this morning say the W I D will carry any
Evening or weekend games that the hurricanes play in Omaha. Oh, you know what that means. Yeah, means we don't get off any day
That's that's a crock of crap because I did the college world series for five years in a row
And I happened to know that they play many games in a morning like 11 30 games in early afternoon
Are you following me? Yes
now
All I know wouldn't make any difference anyway for us would it now yeah, just a little bit because Omaha's two hours behind
Oh, that's right. So they played 11 30 that would be 130
Well, if they had a 15-minute pregame show 115. I'll take that
Forgot there two hours. He would take it. That's right
But not here at the island dreams man. We're just doing the least we can basically is the way it boils down
By the way, has anybody ever seen the California Angels? I don't want to get baseball intensive but down KTLA
out of Los Angeles. Have you ever seen any of the Angels game?
They were in Fenway yesterday. There was no crowd noise at all
It's not like they were in a vacuum tube and a guy who does the game
He's got one of these dick fatherly kind of boy. He is so bad. I mean Joe Tories
Okay, in the color, but you think Joe is spectacular because you just wish this other guy would never speak he is so boring
And all he wants to talk about he's kind of like somebody else we know about the SNS cafeteria
You know all he wants to talk about is oh he had breakfast with
Morning and he said so and so and then he was in a hotel and they were all getting ready and
Somebody took a bite out of every one of the donuts on the table like one of the pictures
And while he join her told him that he had a cramp in his rear end and oh geez honest to God the worst
The worst well not the worst. He's no Bob Murphy
It's a 24 how about those meds huh? Yeah
Well now I'm starting to come back a little bit like those meds boy. They're looking tough
And I like that word that Rick Weaver had on the sports this morning. Yeah. How would you pronounce BALK?
BALK
BALK
BALK
Roger McDowell BALKed in the so
Well, no that was Rick's way I don't blame him of protesting being here on a holiday
He's sick and tired of it too. He's been here forever
And now Sunny and the share are off there in Omaha
So no doubt some of these other people gonna have to work their tails off and they're getting pretty tired of it
Okay, I can't speak for them, you know
Well Rico come in and clarify
And then I heard Hank on sports talk Friday night making some idiotic comment to some guy about um
His bookie wouldn't say in bookie about betting on the game in the spread and the odds and all this and then of course
They're all of course so you're gonna be calling Las Vegas because we know it's illegal here
That was a caustic response
That nobody else will respond to because in America everybody and anybody can break the law when it comes to illegal gambling
Then it's a big joke, okay
Somebody goes out here in 79th street and picks up a hooker
Then right away we're gonna put him in jail for 30 years and the probably you know have him on a front page of the herald
right
This is what I really appreciate you putting this puppet show on the TV for there's mr. Rogers
Well, it's the Roger show isn't it look at that
This is excellent. Yeah, they talk about this show being a bad role model for the kids of America look at him
Okay, he looks if he didn't have those heavy sneakers on he'd float away that sucker look at him
Hi boy, thank you
You have a sweater
25 past 10 to W.I.O.D. Look at all those calls on the board. Isn't that heartwarming? I couldn't give a damn less, okay?
Oh, isn't this cute
This Roger is a man here like this
Oh, you're gonna love this
Oh, and it's the whole thing too
And you know what he always says
I'm a cup man
I don't do my job as well when I'm constipated
I bet almost
Let's close
Oh, yeah, anybody can talk about fair Roger. Oh, it's there's something gonna happen. Yeah, it's gonna sing
The beautiful name is named for red a beautiful day for labor
Would you want to be my neighbor
Listen kids don't ever sit on my friend Roger's lap
Don't ever and if red Rogers plays Santa I run and call my daddy immediately, okay?
Scream scream for your life
What is Andy one here now? We got like an open show. We got the door open
You know
Somebody out there
Get out and handle it
Here's a really interesting story in the paper. It says trainer John P
Poochek Poochek
Who got into an altercation with jockey Steve Gaffley on after Saturday's featured 10th race was fine
$500 something by the highly astords
Now wonder where Steve finished in that race in the 10th race
Oh, I don't know which was his horse okay because Jabitinsky with Gonzalez wanted
And there were only six horses in the race. Oh was it try on the even money shot the finished
Fifth and a six horse race could that have been it try on try on you went off even money and ran fifth
I bet you that was the one that Gaffley owned head in the 10th race poor Steve, you know
He's a wonderful guy, but get serious
28 past 10 at WIOD and it's getting a little a cooler in here. Yeah, well, no, no, no, no
Leave it by the time I leave at 12 30
I have something here of interest to you today. This is out of that. I have the new
Before you do that is much more important okay, what I'll go ahead
It's a quote from our friend. Oh excuse me Martha. I haven't even eaten anything. No, I got a bad
I just feel snoshes from this room
I was a little under the weather when I came in. I think we need a class action suit against the company now for providing unsanitary
We're I think we got Legionnaires disease coming out of here. Thanks to the idiots at GTR. Okay. I can I can see the little
Virai running around there. Yeah, can't you?
Well, it's Memorial Day soon. We talk about Legionnaires disease. Yeah, I see or would that be in poor taste? Okay
It's just a joke don't all these veterans band to get so up high. Did you hear what what's his name with sand?
From GTR. Yeah, what is his name being the bean Jim McBean beans
The Jim beans Jason boy the veterans are really uptight today
Well, of course they're uptake because these two morons over here next door this morning were ragging on them
Said they should have all gotten killed in service or some nice thing, you know as they usually do uh-oh
What is that? Oh, isn't that oh?
Thank you guys for whatever that is, but I'm I'm not eating okay captain Jimmy 29 past
I'm if I ate man you'd have a mess in here
You would drown, but we appreciate the sentiment captain Jimmy's is here. That's wonderful some subs anyway our friend Martha
Plumpton now you know who she related to George Marty. We call her Martha Plumpton. Yeah, that's uh river river Phoenix
The husband well you're not can believe this, but Martha Plumpton has shaved her head
And I heard he shaved his head to for the new movie called silence like glass
Mm-hmm. She shaved her head
He did she
It did wouldn't it be great if both of them shaved their heads didn't you really wouldn't have any idea what was going
It's pretty touch and go now when you look at that pair
But if they both shave their heads in you'd have no clue you'd have to bring in like a gynecologist
Marty shaved her head
She says it's not easy to make friends in this situation people don't know if you're bald because you're a skinhead or because you're sick
That's the little quote from yeah Martha Plumpton. I think sick is the operative
Boy
10 30 a w i o d we hope you're having a great holiday weekend and uh if you're gonna get smashed
Just hang around the house. Okay. Just take a long chat at the bottom of the pool and stay off the road
There wasn't a lot of traffic this morning
But what was out there was really a mess man. It were real slow. Oh, yeah
Oh, boy, I really weird not much to the other holidays when it's like almost clear sailing this morning
It was like they were running a little interference especially on the 79th street in the causeway
Slow, I mean so slow you have no idea
So you can always depend on this town now. I can give you any breaks. I shouldn't know
My front door to leave for working. It was a snake on my doorstep. That should have been the first clue to stay the hell out here
You know
Not a bad snake just a little snake, you know a little snake
Yeah, I mean I'm not too crazy about snakes
But it wasn't one that I started screaming and running the house and through the dogs on to protect me
Wasn't that kind of snake? Oh, just a little snake in a little snake. Yeah plantation snake a plantation snake
There are a lot of snakes in plantation, okay? I
Shouldn't say that because I
Got my permit on my satellite. They like I said I love plantation and the politicians there are the greatest and I love them the pieces
And look at that there's a little
Isn't that great? I talked about a snake and we got all these reptiles on a TV. I'm mr. Rod
There's this channel. There's a lot of broadets. Sure. I'm my favorite a broadetsaurus. That was a Jewish reptile
That was the first Jewish dinosaur was a broadetsaurus
I like this channel. It's 1031. I don't like this channel. Okay, and the sooner we get it off
Can you go fish around here and see if we can get TBS because it's already 1031
And a 105 the cubs in a braid. Hey, you'll be okay. You can be too nervous
I'm not gonna be discussing anything. I'm gonna be watching the game on one o'clock
Okay, if I have to be here that's bad enough
But when the cubs play nothing is more important in my life than the cubs, okay?
If they never win another game the rest of the season so far. It's been so great
You have no idea. You're right. I have no idea
Even without Andre Dawson all the kvetshing about Andre Dawson Andre's like a week away from coming back
Well, I know I've been sleeping real well. I have to
Until last night when somebody came home about a quarter to three in the morning
And I still would have slept through it, but he closes the door and tiny jumps off my bed and goes running out into the house
And starts barking and screaming and puking and I wake up and I've had it's been a rough weekend
I got all these mosquito bites the size of cum quats. Yeah
They are man. They're small now, but they were as big as watermelons over the weekend
Look canus! Would you get that crap off?
And then I woke up and I'd been sleeping through it and then they started hurting and I got this meta quick spray and back teen and all this other and usually that works great
Not this weekend. It doesn't work at all. These are the play and get out there on holiday
So for two hours I lay there spraying and scratching and excruciating pain
And I think part of it was my Monday morning allergy known I had to come here to cover
Well, that must be TBS. It's got cartoons on okay? Is that TV?
Close. No, I'll not leave on MTV. I don't want to see that crap
They might have Steve Tyler on there and I'll see how bad he really looks
Oh, I saw him the other day boys. See ugly
Kimbo you need some help see I always thought Steve Tyler was pretty good because you see him like a
Flash, you know, I mean like a fraction of a second at the time. Yeah, now I know why real quick. Oh, he is so meus man. It's incredible
That must be it. That's Lucy. Lucy. Nobody else would carry Lucy especially now
Six is that sick? Good. Be I mean who knows if anybody knows what channel gold coast cable is on on
With TBS on gold coast you got flutters in your stomach. It's already 1034 games at 105. So you're real nervous
See when it's in Atlanta, it's always 105
Chris Ted Turner is you know a little bit different. Yeah, pardon that again. Okay. No, I'm getting sick
A collect call from parma Ohio of all places. Hello. Hey Neil. I haven't received those pictures yet
Yeah, good luck to you. It'll be in the mail with your tape
How you doing this morning? Okay. I'm sick as a dog. You know where parma is?
I know where parma Michigan is now. This is parma Ohio where big Wilson used to say that everyone wore white socks. Yeah
No, not here. He bet he didn't wear it. Do you want Jewish Federation television? No, would you please? No, give me that thing. I don't want to show
So anyway, it's a nice day in Cleveland. Yeah, I'm coming. I live in Davie not too far from where yeah, how about those Indians?
How about those Indians? Yeah, what did they lose a couple games? No, they won yesterday
Yeah, Ross for the row and this is what is it 25 oh wait a minute
We just found WTBS sir look at that. It's exciting as hell
That hours away from the Cubs game my god
And Scott Sanderson's pitching day because we want to give the braves a good chance and we will
That's great. Who's a point? Who's a comes playing today? Let me say it again the braves. We want to give him a chance
I'm not paying attention to him a little hearing problem up there in parma
So I know it's a long way I know it's pretty hard for these signals to transmit all the way from here to parma
Where is parma nearser is that near Cleveland? Yeah, near Northfield problem
These are simple questions for simple people let me say it again is in your north field where the racetrack is no
It's on the other side. Thank god. Thank God boy that racetrack. Oh man
Years ago. I was indietroid. We got a tip on a horse at Northfield
I've told a story before the name of the horse was mr. Z
I'm making it up. Yes
And I should have known then that anything named mr. Z from that point in my life would be a disaster
And we drove all the way from Detroit to Cleveland
We get to the track. We plunged our brains out. We've been him down to three to one
He had the rail it was the one horse. He never he broke away six from the gate
He never improved his position the whole race and it was a long trip back to Detroit
What does that mean did I have any money there?
I found a pigeon outside my door during the cubs game
And I said here take this over to high a league. They needed it for the handle
Had no for anyway, I want to thank you for as he left the track
He was smiling at the flamingos and said I just put everything I had on number two
Number two
Well, anyway, I want to thank you for pushing interest of my last 54 pounds in four months. Oh good luck to you sir
Well, it's too bad some of it was between your ears, but nothing is good
I can't hear too well such a long distance. Yeah, I know well. Have a great day now. Bye. Bye. Say how to big Wilson for us, okay?
Oh, boy. What a place this is okay. I'm we're gonna find out who the asshole is who turned the AC off in this building
All they had to do is turn the thermostat up to like 74 and there be as warm as they could spit their brains out
It could be like an a son of that, but that wasn't good enough
Okay, they couldn't just turn it up. They had to go to the main unit and shut the damn thing off
So everybody else could be uncomfortable throughout the rest of the weekend if it wasn't for the very astute Henry Barrow
I like the way they just left then if was a stupid
I like that just left. Yeah, I like that. Screw everybody else. Okay. I was warm. That's all that matters. Yeah
Boy
Those people over at GTR man, they can't get arrested now
Did you call that person did that an asshole? Yeah, she said well, that's very good a serious asshole. Okay. Thank you
Not just your regular ordinary run of the mill, but a serious
Okay, I'm so sick today man. You have no idea. I'm just nauseous
nauseous and I think it's like because yesterday I felt fine
All weekend at a great weekend it comes where scoring runs like it was coming out of a sieve
And everything was great now. Are you nervous about the braves? Is that what the bottom of this is you're real nervous
I'm gonna be nervous about the braves
They did beat the cardinals two nights ago and then
Three nothing they tied it up and got rained out so the you are nervous
Passing the cardinals are three games behind the cubs. I just mentioned that
nervous and then they're thinking Montreal man
How the hell did they swing that deal and get they get this incredible picture is gonna win about 25 games for them
Mike Langston
Mark Langston well, whatever the hell you can call them anything you want. He's making so much money
Mark Langston pitched a four-hitter
And struck out 12 yesterday in his first game with Montreal. Yes, Seattle didn't need him you know Seattle such a
stellar team
They didn't need him anymore
So Montreal are probably win the whole damn thing now
It's 1038 at W.I.O.D.
You know, that's amazing part of it. We got all his food kept in Jimmy's brought all his food and then Arnold's a royal castle bringing food later
And I have a feeling that nobody's gonna show up here today that first stunk in a Todd didn't he say he was working today
We're not feeding him anymore. Okay. He's been shining us. He is working is here. Oh
How do you know that?
How this guy knows everything. I don't we don't know we don't know anything. He knows everything. Okay. We take it all back Todd
You're okay in my book anyway
Annie's here and gale is here
Rogers here very briefly he'll be flying out of here the minute that the Nick walks in the door or is Nick may not show up
and oh look at that Matt's stick is running the boy an alias bourbon
And buddy hack it we've already made our picks the burger all our capital ABC in the fifth. I'm picking Billy O's age in the ninth
But boy there's a
Oh, I'm gonna get so sick
Salad. I mean don't take it personally the food. I is great, but I just I'm so sick to my stomach and just watching you making a pig out of yourself
Well, look at that my monodies is running today. Wow
All our favorites are running today. This is incredible quacking up. Oh in the seventh
Naval Academy spelled with an E. I like that
And
What is all this great? Well, I'd go out to colder today and just plunge my guts out
What a and then there's cymbal casting the metropol in the handicap from Belmont today. It'll be the tenth race of they got
12 races at colder today. My god. You could plunge your guts out
Mori puppet. Hello. Hi Neil. How are you?
Hello
How do you think my greeting formula is working?
Well, when I'm
12 races the tenth is um the big race Gary Stevens on the line is eight to five in a morning line
Proper reality with Jerry Bailey seeking the gold with Pat day. He should only finish dead last that pat day
Boy, do I dislike him a lot
Uh, trite and tree with Chris Antley finders choice with the Kent
Desermo how do you pronounce his name? That's a kid from um
Philadelphia that's so good hot hot as a pistol. He's gonna be the next Antley
The Sormo and that is named
Whatever the hell of it is dancing spree with no rider forever silver with Julie Cron
And it's academic with the famous no rider boy. All I care is that seeking the gold finishes way
Back with pat day then he'll have some excuse. Yeah, complain. Yeah, he'll he'll lodge a foul against the rest of the field for running too fast
But I really have really enjoyed the phone calls this morning
They what phone calls. Yeah exactly
Well, I am so out of it you have no idea this
This company man what they understand about giving you a little time to regain your uh
Sanity and of course remember I should have already had a week's vacation
But I had to postpone it because we've got that simple to back there in the sales office
I don't want to start in on a Lynn
Friday's but she had to you know cause me to postpone my whole vacation
And then she tried to pull it again
Yeah, she tried to pull it again. She said well, how about the week after this for a moment?
I said wait a minute
Doesn't it dawn on you that I already told you that I was gonna be on vacation that week no
She'll do anything to screw up your life that woman she will do anything in her power to screw up your life
Here's a tape that just came in boy. We just got all kinds of stuff coming in here. Oh, this is probably for you rich
It's called rob's moon
God poor rob
It's another roblo tape well
It's professionally recorded by studio 109
Or studio I don't get it studio 109 is it oh
It's Lakanto production so it's frank Lakanto so we know it's gonna be what
Specialty song yes, well produced for this show
1053 we mail an apology to GTR because there's somebody over there for turning the uh air off
Because maybe the unit is busted and they went in there and they shut it off on purpose because it's boiling in Roger studio in a control room
It's boiling yes, it's telling Henry thought he really had it fixed and we appreciate Henry's efforts says he staggers back into the news booth but
You matter fact that see gale is gonna be doing the 11 o'clock news Henry is a little
Electoral day so we probably ought apology to GTR but we aren't gonna give one because there are a bunch of douchebags anyway
Right
Well, yeah, they deserve a shot especially that spike wise who's a real putts
It's 10 in fact if you look up putts in the dictionary you see spike wise is picking right
Looks like silly grin idiotic haircut
1054 a W I O D we have an open line in bokeh we haven't even given the numbers now
We already got seven stinking calls on
Why do you like that we have a long distance calls are incredible from the big city like parma o'hio where they said
Murray puppet puppet puppet jr
And of course bills. Oh
Only two hours and 11 minutes away from broadcast time the game I guess be 115 uh-oh. Are you gonna be okay?
No
Then at two o'clock then I got a drive home it takes me at least 40 minutes and I can't hear it on a radio boy
What are you gonna do? I can't take that 40 minutes. I already imagine all the runs at sanderson could give up in 40 minutes
I can just see Murphy hitting one that's still on the way like to aintry Georgia
That's got sanderson boy and I hit an amazing part of it is he's got the best record on the team
He's five and two don't ask me how got the highest earned run average he sucks
But he's five and two so much liver right I guess uh. He's okay for five meat desperate innings five struggling desperate innings
But we want to especially salute shaw and dunston
For that clutch hit again yesterday. Shawns uh motto is I may not hit often, but I hit when accounts okay like once every tissue both
Stupid stuff on the facts. Yeah, you people out there who are stupid don't bother us today. Okay from papito
Great. Papito go away. Will you go leave us alone?
Will you bug you bug me okay? Go away and
Speaking of go away so Friday morning we had a call on the air from a stunned and shocked Joe with six ends remember
Sure, we hadn't heard from in weeks and weeks and weeks suspiciously with all these things we've been hearing
And he asked me was very frantic called me at home yesterday or a Friday afternoon
And wondering what I was talking about with a CIA and all this other stuff and I told him all these little rumors
I've been hearing about him being an ojohn provocateur
And then his story about this guy following him from my house to his work and the story keeps embellishing and any
Legitly got a call from the same guy at home
asking if he knew nea Rogers and the guy hung up the phone and
Where am I going on vacation and just a whole so I invited me go with me just to see what the reaction would be and what was the react?
Well, he's got another job
I just pretty strange you know pretty bizarre
So I think I'm going like to Lakeland on vacation instead. I'm not great. I changed it twice already
And I think I'm gonna change it again because I think I probably if I went to where originally was going to
I think I get on a plane and looking there be like 30 other familiar faces on the airplane with me
Just wanting to make sure everything is kosher. I just I'm not into that at all. You know, I travel alone
Oh, I don't know what history is, but it just gets it's a little bit too bizarre for me
Okay, I just don't know what it's getting more complicated and more
Intelligence each day goes by
So Joe it's been nice, but give it a rest 1057 at wiod here's my Emma
What do you want sir?
No, no, no, no
Be nice to do it now and go home. Yeah, not yet now. This is the perfect day for me to tell you this
You know my vacation
Now I think you knew this from the very beginning deep down inside
And I'm over here exactly
It's not gonna happen and I'm gonna tell you today. It's the perfect day to tell you upstate New York without going into all the details
You knew that
It's not gonna happen
Wait a minute we cart this shop is that what you did next?
Cart no it's bad
Oh
Oh
Yeah, tough day. Yeah, and they delivered it all the way over here. Well, we're sorry
So you're not going to didn't you know no it wasn't gonna happen why not I I don't want to go into all the details, but you know vacations
Are supposed to be fun maybe Joel go with you now. I hadn't thought of that. Yeah
I can kind of monitor your activity by the way
I like chose a little joke Friday that he's coming in here when you go on vacation to see me. Yeah, that's a real funny
Why he's gonna be busy with his new job. Oh, okay
So all these people that are going away. Please don't waste any time. Okay, like stem is going to sleep away camp
When you were almost 20 years old, did you always prefer to camp your sleep away
Sleep away camp in Jersey. Oh my
It's like going to sleep away camp in Tamarack. I had church in Tamarack when they go to camp. It's for a long rest. It is I mean a long
It isn't newwork is it
I think that good
He's going to sleep away
Where do I find these people you know, how do they find me that's the real question interesting. Yeah
But it's been nice knowing all of them 1059
No idea sick to my stomach. What do we have in a 1 o'clock hour by the way? We got a lot of life stuff in there that we could
Jam in before then I'm going home early. I'm telling you right now. I think he is. I really think everybody's gonna say
Oh, it's close to the cubs game. I got news for you. I may not even watch the game
I may just go home and lay down and sleep
Put the tape on I think you are leaving early. I may. I just do it. Just out of the hospital. Right. Go on strike
They got some god damn nerve bringing us in here on Memorial Day
Boy boy are they without conscience, you know, and even when they are here
They're out playing golf and jerking around when they are here, you know
Anyway, Henry's already on his way. I'll watch out for him if you're driving gale not so bright has the 11 o'clock news and
Rich and the bird will be back and maybe me at 11.05
Hey
Okay, it's 11.05 at W I O D and we're only two hours away from game time
Yeah, oh, man, we got the fan. So Henry, we appreciate your efforts, but it wasn't the
That was not the solution to our problem. Okay, the whole unit is becauc as they say in China
Yeah
Is it what Boon said the other one brought the food in there? He said something about his building you said it's pacac
And it's exactly like everything else that happens on a holiday
But we take captain Jimmy's for the great spread. They're wonderful folks. Yeah, brought by delicious stuff
Just numerous times
And I had a little slice of dill pickle there and I'm not sure whether I'm getting sick or better was very good as always
But I'm I am really a ranked today
You know, it could be you think that when you get these
Enormous mosquito bites and it gets in your system. No, no, I mean like a whole bunch of
I can't make you nauseous when you keep spraying it with that stuff for hours and hours. I know
Thanks, uh, and inhaling that awful crap when it doesn't help
But I woke up weird this morning too because I feel like I'm gonna breath any minute here. Yeah, I know
Like all over these CDs. Well about 105. I think you may come out of it
You know, no, not what sanderson pitching with you. I'm gonna get a lot sicker. Oh, he is deadly scot sanderson
Well, I guess they wanted how come mad at this and pitching today is there anybody out there who has any idea what's going on
The rotation is all screwed up now because Sutcliffe mr. Turn
With that back thing in fact Sandberg mr. Game mr. And we still want how do you like that? No Dawson no Sandberg in a cup still blew away the reds
How do you like that now is this like rotisserie baseball
If that norm can't don't stop bugging me about rotisserie baseball and alter cocker baseball
He's driving me nuts. He wants to be president now with the softwool to shuffle board league
And I said how about rotisserie shuffle gory there. Yeah, what a great. I want high me an Irving from windmore on my team
They're the best
Oh look at that Irving got a nine
It's 11 awaited W I O T. We may take a couple of calls this hour too, huh? Or we might just uh
Wow, you sure haven't heard from this guy in a long time. I'm he's finished into the woodwork kind of like holiday music you get sent
To my killer. My death or king
Isn't it low real low
It is
I
Got a crank wide open there's no feedback
I'm telling I'm going on strike on Mondays. Okay, you can go through Monday
I just this every Monday is traumatic. Yeah
Because the weekend crew has been in here. Uh, oh geez. That looks so good, you know, but I have a feeling if I eat it
May make you feel better rest all over the place. I make you feel a little better. All right, let me try one
Oh now look at what he's doing. You know you you may
He's trying to play mr hero here with the hero sandwich and he's like um
Scooping all the insides out and tossing the bread out like he's gonna impress us like Linda might be listening from neutral system
Well, I might take a little bite. Okay, just just one piece. I think it's gonna be a mistake. No, I don't think so
I really don't because I'm nauseous man. I am real not stabilize your little may help to
They're from yeah, I may stabilize you a little solid food
I mean, yeah
Well, we're on the countdown here. It's like an hour 56 minutes now. So, you know, you got a lot of pressure
ah
How about that mic bollucky, huh?
I got to earn one average of about 1.6 now, okay
And nobody there was one of these sports shows on last night. I think it was on
I think it was on this station. Uh-oh. It's on before that idiot costus
One thing I'll say, you know, I it's almost impossible to be universally dislike usually somebody likes you
I don't know anybody likes costus
Even big Dave hates
Costus because you know he stays up and watches Letterman. Yeah, so I guess he's seen some of that afterward. Yeah
And he hates him. Hey
Well, I watch a little wise ass snobby pseudo-ital
To all puts let's say I don't watch the sports shows. He does but oh my god. Do I oh?
So he anyway, he was doing the game Saturday because NBC
Murder god
Now do they tell of eyes that game here or would they tell by the Yankee game on
NBC
See because if you didn't have I didn't have the satellite dish. I would have missed the cubs game because it was not the primary game
But on F212, which is WXIA in Atlanta
NBC there was Bob costus no less. Oh, why?
And Tony pardon me for being a goofball Kubak
Since that ball hit him in the throat in the 60 World Series. He's never been the sees speaks with a quaggle
Dickie Don deke Don
It's 11 past 11 at WIOD. We're just having a hell of a good time and I'm so happy to be here
You can't imagine and we hope you're having a great holiday weekend wherever you are and don't forget
Make those wini's real hot before you pop them in your mouth, okay
Anyway
Then this is good, you know, but I'm just gonna have to eat it in real small
Exactly because I don't want to breath more even worse than that. I don't want to have another Oakland episode
Yeah, that's right now one good thing the building is pretty well cleared out. Yeah, it's right
It's a clear that used to really frost my something one and remember with the other building
Mm-hmm once in a while it'd be a full house
And they would say well go in the back of the building Ron Harrison's got his own
His own setup
And I'd say you don't understand I'm never gonna make it all the way back there members eddies to have their staff meetings in the
Public restroom remember that when you when we were on I&C and oh yeah
Yeah, if I'm used to have their staff meetings in the restroom and you couldn't get in with Jeff Chase used to be kind of like the a pivot man in that meeting
But it's true they had a locker room. That's what sport. He does on another on sports channel. Yeah, you're favorite
Yeah, my favorite. I think there's something symbolic about it. No, there
And
Okay, 1115
At W I O D
Isn't this interesting what I'm just looking at this little thing here
Anyway, let's take a call or two and then we'll do another break and we'll uh before you know it
It'll be comes baseball time. Mm-hmm. Now you're gonna do play by play. Can't do play by play. It's illegal. Oh too bad
But you could do it in the past tense. Oh kind of like wait what you should do with the reds
Past tense
Mm-hmm at oh talk about horrendous John Sterling and who's the goofball it does uh jay John Stone for the Yankee games on a station the absolute worst
The worst and they keep trying to be funny and they're not
Like a lot of people in this market on the air
Yeah, I wouldn't say they're the worst. They're not as exciting as
Harry Callison Philadelphia
He sounds like he went into coma 400 years ago. He's like a cross between Byram Som and Bob Elson
He's always talking like this
Oh
Nobody cares. Yeah, I'm looking forward to when you give somebody's name that I know
I can't help it that you don't know anything except uh Phoebe Ketch's boobs, okay?
Not my problem
Hollywood hello hello, deal deal. This is dick. Oh
Hollywood hello
Morning bird. Yeah, these calls have been well astounding. Yeah, Morning bird. I can't hear anything. Hello
What do you want sir? Hello morning Neil. You're almost early this morning. What do you want?
Okay, yeah, I hope you're having a good
Memorial holiday. Yeah, does it sound like I'm having a sick as a dog sir?
I'm ready to
Okay, it's gonna be some good material
Are you ready for that? We're listening already my god is somebody have to hit you with a with a doorknob
What's the story? Let's go okay on a wider slide. I heard Ricky Tickey on antique time and he wanted to know how much this campus worth
Boy like I see all you pain in the ass people are usually at work or doing something useful
Don't call us today. Okay, we got plenty of calls. Don't call in here today
Oh my god, I'm gonna tell you one more time. This is the purpose of calling the show is not to try to be a comedian. Okay, because you're not funny
Oh, man
God those people make me sick, you know, I was sick to begin with
Here's a starting lineup for today's game
You know
Leon Durham at first base for the Cubs Ernie Banks is short Glenn Becker at second
How many ends uh duty house six six ends okay go ahead
Juan Santa with third
How do you like that run who santo santo? Okay
Uh, he's a full brother to Jose santo's
Hmm
1119 at WIO doing boy hack Wilson behind a plate hack
Oh, bring it some of the old cubs back today
We want to give the braves a fight and chance
North Miami hello
Yeah, I've gone great
It's not I'm sick. Well, I'm sick. I should be home resting watching the ballgame relaxing
You don't see any of these bureaucrat assholes in the building here today. They're all off man
You're all on a long butthman's holiday and just like we're supposed to show up every stinkin day man
These people are got a real something coming
Even on Zeta they used to ask us would you like off this day? Oh, they'd name it on Zeta not here. Huh
Well
Scrum
I got a crappy attitude pal
Yeah, I got a solution for your cub game. I got two solutions here
Um number one if you watch it there at the station you can leave here hairy carry that way you just keep playing the carts over and over
Yeah, you know what I mean? Uh-huh
All right, what else you can do is when you get down to your car when you go to leave um have called big day
Have you know put the phone up to the team? Yeah, I never thought about that
That's a good idea that'll cost me about a hundred dollars going home. Oh, he's well missed nothing. That's true
You think he's gonna be awake at two o'clock while you're dreaming
No
Probably taking a long nap for about 15 hours
Can you hear anything on this overhead? Very little. It's not the fan. Is that can I be hearing it? It's just real low
I won't hear the fan. Are you sure in there today?
Mm-hmm
There's nobody here today. Huh you were just appointed in her what?
A special attitude what she said the other day about what's his name Ross on the air that's not you know
Well, I I forthorough to repeat it on air because she said it off the year
And I figured if she said it off the year the least she can do is repeated in you know not take shots behind his back
Yeah, but the worst part of it is Ross is a great looking guy and for her to say that
I mean if we're true it would be okay, but he's uh he's tremendous. Okay. He I mean I know what he's like
You know around the farm
Well, but I'm just saying the point is not only was it a cheap shop, but it's not true
She should only be so lucky to get anybody looked like that. She should kiss the ground if anybody looked like that even looked at her
Hey, I could remove just don't look at her
Sharon yeah, no you don't get out of here. She's what?
Oh, man, you really get out of here. Yeah, there's no idea what he's talking about
Sharon's a nice lady, but she's hot
He's no idea. She doesn't go to the remote does she was at one I won maybe he doesn't even know what he's talking about
One of the others which makes his comments even more embarrassing a salesperson maybe yeah think about it a little
Scorley one uh-huh
Kind of a female
Papa
Who keeps trying to screw up my life in my vacation? She just can't she isn't satisfied unless she's messing around
I've got a whole bunch of dates for this remote. I got a whole bunch of dates for this remote. I got a whole bunch of dates for this remote
And she gives me one. It's already booked, you know
There was the only date she could possibly give me that would have created a problem
Sure enough. That's the one she's got. Okay
Why she is she's even making Bill Mullin look pretty good nobody ever dreamed that can't know
No, nobody ever dreamed that could. Whoa
What does that tell you good heaven? Well, it's 1122 I got my shoes off look at all of my skitabytes
Can you see all the bites on my feet?
Well, they're kind of like subdued at the moment. I'm just to bitten the pieces. I'm a wreck a mess
Yeah, you are
Anyway, let's talk about the salvos now pizza and Italian restaurant. Here's the good news
We got I mentioned before trappers alley, which is implantation. Mm-hmm. The shocking news is we now have the salvos in plantation
What I know it's a shock in fact the best part of it is
It's right in front of my old favorite windixi there on sunrise in Pine Island
In Jacaranda Square and it is tremendous if you like a great family style Italian food then the salvos is for you
In fact, then we got some takeout from there the other day didn't make a big simmiss about it
But the day went by and picked it up. I had some spaghetti and sausage and we got some baked ziti
Tremendous and listen to their lunch special are incredible lunch special of the salvos
Serve from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. at all three of their locations chicken Parmesan baked ziti sausage and peppers eggplant Parmesan spaghetti and meatballs
All served with a large salad and the salvos special garlic rolls three 49
Or two pizza slices with a soft drink only two and a quarter you can go in and get lunch almost for free
How do you like that at the salvos? They're open Monday through Thursday 11 in the morning till 11 night Friday and Saturday 11 a.m
Some of their great specials that gourmet white pizza which is a special blend of cheeses seafood pizza their stromboli
All of their veal entrees made from milk fed veal cutlets and you're just gonna love these salvos
So the good news is we got to be salvos in plantation now
In there in Jacaranda Square right at the corner of sunrise in Pine Island and the original two locations in Davi
Between Sterling and University in the table supply shopping square and in Hollywood between taft and Sheridan streets right across the street from
Toyota of Hollywood so after you work off a lot of energy going running and rumbling for a new car
Get right across the street for a great Italian meal to salvos
I don't believe that one in God's name is she doing here today
25 past 11 weird at W.I.D. Was that Sheryl or mine?
Yeah, I know what he's doing
Crows almost the shockings when I saw spike wide
In here Sheryl and we don't have enough people to eat it here today, which is a first a first
And you better come and grab it now because the food this display the circus is gonna end real soon, okay?
I gotta stop. Yeah, gotta stop. Yeah, I agree
Don't be bashful Andy just there's only enough here for 400 people and the burgers haven't even arrived yet
Yeah, enjoy it while it lasts. I was hot hot coming in here today. Are we getting shine again?
He may be he may be a he don't show today. He's never eaten in this joint again
I'll tell you this cafeteria will be closed to him
Yeah, he has a lot of work to do. I'll write on his brain 26 past 11 at W.I.D. Lake Worth. Hello
Yeah, I was gonna tell you that on TV. Yes, they got the battle of the bulge. I guess you already found it
They got what oh we got it on yeah, it's good. Yeah, some of that great Ted Turner stuff boy. You can't beat it
All right, is it in color? Yeah, I just looked in the TV guy
Well actually in the middle of it Turner's taking a color out. Oh, okay. The bread the ballgame is gonna be in black and white
My bread won't say hello to the bird
You're your bird
That was good great. That's the best call we've had all day. So you're right
I have a suggestion also
Did you play running? Sure
Thank anything you want to know one second. Does that bird say any dirty words? No, not yet. Okay. You work in that and call a kernel
Yeah
Okay
See you around the old ballpark
27 past 11 but before we hear runny we got to try this
Oh
Oh
Excuse me
Wow
Whoa, I'm a skater by just starting to
What was that man? Wow. Yeah
Well anyway, it's 28 past 11 and W I O D
Yeah, that's how I feel
Oh
Oh
You think it's funny
But it's not
I'm ready to split for some places really hard
Winter
Get away
I'm very Zi Program Draining polynomial and day
But
All day Rod
I get frostbite whooping cops. No, but no more time. I swear I'm going south today today today today
It's 11 30 and W I O D and boy, we're sure glad to be with you here
All right, man. This is what life is all about. I'll tell you and those of you on Memorial Day
If this is the best you've got to do is to be hanging around listening to the show God help you
God help you
Miami hello, oh, great listen the Cubs are a lot today. Yeah, the brave satin that dug out for an hour and a half that rain delay
Let's not before they had to get on a plane. Mm-hmm. So they got to be pretty tired today
They're gonna give too good a performance. Isn't that a shame? Yeah, now listen
Don't forget those Scott Sanders in starting so everybody still got a chance
Well, yeah, no, but they've been ripping lefties all year the Cubs
One thing that's sunny is there a room and a sunny shave decided to say with a lightning bolt
Why didn't you see what happened yesterday with the McCain they shaved all their heads on the side?
Yeah, well Kirk dullum started that and then the rest of them jump on a bandwagon
I thought and then he had to home run that's right. Listen. What about skip urban dollars who tigers? What about them?
They beat the number one team in the country two games in a row yet today to win their
Well, I'm pretty excited about that. I know you with the end one thing
I mean when you consider the WIOD is gonna bring you all evening and weekend the world series games that the Cains play that goes to show you
The tremendous commitment that our sports department here has to the hurricane baseball program
Well, I'm gonna listen to one of those games
Neil did you hear when the interviewed Michael Jordan idea about the MVP given away to magic Johnson? No
He said and I quote he didn't want to be an O zoom for a long tour, but he thinks it was rigged
Yeah, how do I okay? I didn't want to be one I
Can't I can't hear anything on here today? Can you the level on this overhead is so low? Well that one I was kind of glad about but
I
Kind of wanted to hear that one you know didn't matter
Miami hello
Okay
You're in a whisper I can't hear you at all
If you're in a fan in this overhead, which is like on terminally off
I'll crank it up a little louder. I said okay. There we go. I was sick this weekend
So I stayed home both days and I was listening to the radio that best of cane is terminal. Oh, no, what are you were sick?
I mean that didn't help at all. That's like Sanderson pitching today. What what do you have on yesterday?
He had on some some rabbi who's changed smokes while he's doing abortion hero
What is that?
North was a hero like Oliver Norse and this the Ku Klux Klanman from Louisiana
The guy he said he was a hero also
Yeah, I mean the Colonel, but he was an honorary the Colonel what? Oh, yeah, that's a data Colonel
But uh, that explains it the Colonel makes me sick well, and then you know, then I was then I caught sports talk
Who hosts this sports talk this weekend these guys are up north?
You know, I don't know you think manage hum was a manage
He sounded just like Al Rantel. Oh come on. I'm serious. Manage is a good guy. I'm so out of great broadcast
It's a good guy and just as I was getting over it somebody called and said the cup sucked
It was the most incredible thing while I got news for you can see it all they want but they're in first place by two and a half
No, that was a game they lost the Cincinnati that read all again that they blew the seven it no they didn't lose to reho
They want to say lost that they blew the lead seven at two and they blew it and they lost 10 to eight well that's because
Zimmer left killgason too long, but you can't second guess Zimmer. Okay. He's been great all year
He's in first place. He's not perfect, but he's certainly a done an incredible job
It can't be as bad when you look when you look like that and you can win 27 games, man
You got to be okay my book that's right because it can't be as bad as everybody thinks that's for sure and
Just wait till you see Sanders in a day. She could disprove that sir believe me. I got nothing but confidence in him
Oh God Lord. Well, just call to give you a little little story there and Zeta
I talked to Kimba who works the the evening ship. Yeah, she has a sense of humor. I'm sorry
I heard she has a sense of humor. I wanted to know that's why they put her on it
They want somebody who has a sense of humor every Friday when she gets her paycheck. Uh-huh and
I I asked her you know, hey, you know, I called her Thursday day before you guys did the rating show I think
The baby for you did the ratio I can't remember what day it was and I go oh you can listen cuz you go no
I never listen I go right. She never listened to this show right well
No, Kimba doesn't have the intellect to listen to the show she wouldn't understand it. Oh
And then I go well, you know, you think if I send a tape to Rosefolder, he'll listen to me
Anybody who thinks that Steve Tyler looks like God
There's a guy with lips like a flatfish, okay? Oh, he has gruesome
The man is like she had me kind of to believe in it was good looking and then those videos you see him like for a
10th of a second, you know
And now that I saw him the other day for like actually sitting down and looking straight ahead for like 10 seconds
I think that's why I'm so nauseous today. He is gruesome. I want to add one to the all ugly team
But if I could he makes Yogi Barra look like Roblo
Remember Carmen Fungzone. He makes Yogi Barra look like Craig Bigio
Carmen who?
Carmen fun zone you can't say that sir. I you're on zone
I couldn't say I think they have that at the salvo is for lunch. No, no, no
This guy plays for the Cubs many years ago. Falcon. Falcon. Not fun zone. I'm sorry for giving me. Yeah, I love these cubs
No, I'm not a cousin, but I'm trying you know that's before I was a cubs
I don't know any of those cubs. Okay, you're any banks and all those other marginal players. I don't know any of those people
Well, I know I know you can't wait to leave because I know it's 12 30 you'll be gone
So I could be I might be I could be I am out of here
I like to tell my wife to get a life. Okay. Thank you sir for your incredibly ponderous call
It's 11.35. He was okay. Leave him alone. Okay. Killed some time. Yeah, that's true. This is murder today
man every minute is like an hour
It's kind of like watching the meds. We have an open line in Palm Beach 6 5 5 W I O day
How about those meds? I Dave maggot in at first wow and
And a Mackie sasser behind a plate
Well, they got some real heavy duty guys on that team and the doc just can't get another win
You know that they didn't lose the game yesterday, but he didn't get any decision
He just can't and they were hitting the crap out of him all through the game man. He's lucky didn't lose it
That the boat doctor. I mean when you can't beat Fernando Valenzuela who hasn't won a game since last June
You know you got a problem, okay?
It's called anemia badding anemia
And then poor Davie Johnson they kept slapping his face back together yesterday and it kept dripping apart
You know, and they had to keep running around around to pick the pieces up out there and LA was disgusting
It's 24 till noon at WID. Don't knock it man. The time is flying by take your vitamins and just
I mean, I don't wish Brian any bad, but nothing you know on a sick,
Squeezy stomach listing to Brian will know that Brian you're a great guy, but go back to bed, okay?
20 till noon on Memorial Day
1989 a day that will live in the halls of shame forever and ever looking at speaking of halls of shame
Just dig right in there Todd. We thought we're gonna get shined again today, okay?
Just don't mind us. We're all sick and ready to puke all over the place. So take it real quick
The air is off. Okay, man. The air is on that day. Oh, you're gonna take oh
Yeah, we got castle burgers coming later. Okay, so good luck to you Todd Todd's in here in his underpants
Isn't that cute and it doesn't even faze me so you know I must be really sick Miami. Hello
Hi, Neil. Hi. This is a Coleman
Oh, yeah, yes, right
They're one another one of our brain surgeon salespeople in the WID sales department
Uh, last Friday morning you said that you told you that you've partied or
Pucka me me. Yeah, well
E-Wide sure he's eating around eight o'clock
We saw him at
Hoppies and grow at what?
in the girl that's a gourmet wine and cheese
Face and face there. Oh, so he had something better come up is it?
Well, I got news for him boy. He did be a big favor because I had a great meal at Trappers Ali and they were very nice and
And you know, I eaten solitude and then peace and it was delicious and I didn't have to listen to any of his BS
You betcha was great
Okay
Not Coleman. Yeah, Coleman
All right, we have but you don't understand dinner was at five o'clock
Well, I didn't realize it's really I'm sorry then, but he was there so maybe maybe
Yeah, maybe his car did die. Well, we can only hope we can only hope so
Why did you turn that fan down? Don't you want to get it so loud? I don't care how loud it is
It's a lot more important to be cool and hear these callers. I don't think that personally
Okay, have a good one. You too. Bye. You have a point there. Yeah
Actually this crowd hadn't thought about that
No, you didn't you know, it wasn't still low when he turned it off. Turn it down
But I was thinking I got it cranked up much higher than usual. It's still low. Can't hear it
Harden hear us thinking it's a blessing sometime. Yeah
Well, it's Monday, you know, we don't have the engineers aren't here and all the uh
They had Maha Shafi's aren't here and all these and very important important people
And so you just kind of do like a slip shot pasted all together and hope for the best, you know kind of like the way Rick
Weaver did the sports this morning
Uh for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, I don't know great. Got a question for you. Are you track today? Are you gonna show the
Cubs game on the
Heavier Cubs game. Are you out of your mind?
So I don't know about tomorrow. They spent a renovation there to show us all right. It's possible
I don't know
Let's see there in North day. It's pretty unlikely. They probably unless they got their own satellite dish
They must have a satellite dish because they got the cymbal casting from Belmont. Yeah, so it's possible
What do they need? Therefore it's on channel 11 in Atlanta. So it's probably it's probably gonna be on
But it's on it's on Atlanta today. So next three days are on
TBS so it should be on there and if not tell them to turn it on
The basketball games on a three so just not even show the Cubs game. I can't hear this. I can't hear anything
As monitor is that why is that I got another thing?
You're from the sunrise area, right?
I'm from the sunrise area. I can't say you out of your mind. What what I wasn't I wasn't no
Oh, where do you live in plantation? Okay. You're from around there. Are you with them? Are you a movie theater? Is that a real? Yeah? Yeah, okay
Does it I want to watch the basketball game their
Tuesday night. That's Tuesday night, right?
I had a sports bar and that I'm not gonna give the name of it. It's in the area there. Yeah, that little complex
Go in there. They have a six-foot screen
They advertise themselves in the sports bar. They got the basketball shot pool tables for nine yards, you know? Yeah
Just one thing that we say they're not showing the game. We're showing a Clint Eastwood movie. Oh, that's good. They don't have cable
The sports bar doesn't have cable
Mm-hmm
No, that's a Clint Eastwood. He's a pretty sports intensive dude, you know. He's a good sport
How soon what I can't hear a word your saying is it me? How soon can we start seeing people wear a card?
I'm not afraid good
Beats a hell out of me, but I'll go out looking for him this afternoon after the game. Okay. Okay. Good luck to you
It's not the time to fall. It's the huh only sports calls
Does it make any difference what they're talking about you can't hear them anyway. Oh just places just so depressing and so debilitating
You know what for what a day to feel just not a lot better, but just a little bit better
But you can't hear a goddamn thing the air is out the places of toilet and they don't give a damn because none of them have to be here today, you know
Oh, we're out to have a little weeny rose to the backyard. We can't be bothered with that stuff
See on the air complaining again. He's a mouth content. That's all just complained you watch out
Maybe if they could you ever get their damn act together. We do you know now you watch out quick the air conditioning's fixed tomorrow
Oh, yeah, like like a shot like a shot tomorrow. It'll be fit by me at the over in Carroll city
I remember I never forget it the air was out in the whole building
It was like a sauna bath in there. Where do you think they were working first to get it fixed in Gary Lawrence's office?
Of course, they had it you could a hung meat near they had so cold by it within an hour
Okay, we were up in the other way to the building
Schwitzing our brains out okay
Schwitzing
Alan oh now come on somebody told us yesterday that Alan hates us
No, I don't hate you guys. That's what that's what the rumor was Alan that you hate us like poison
God who would say something like that one of your great friends probably somebody that spit on my car, you know
I hate them. I hate them hate people. Oh, I thought he did us. How you doing now? You don't know Joe do you? Joe?
With four ends
Four ends yeah, it claims to know you I think he went to Cooper City
He works at the Sheridan 7 movie theater. Oh, I know Joe. I saw Joe the other night. Did you?
What's his story anyways? He becoming a scoundrel spy or what is his deal? I don't know. What what was he doing?
I don't know something the something there that just doesn't meet the eye with Joe, you know what?
I just can't figure him out. I don't know. I just I saw him at the movie theater. He's like why'd you pay?
But um, I went to brick oven pizza yesterday
Yeah, now don't get surly Alan sounds pretty good. Is it true that you're selling fish?
I got fired today. Did you? I couldn't believe it. I got that shocking. Does that look what a shot?
I thought Alan and fish kind of related to real heavily together. I thought that made a lot of sense. No, I was working at a pet store
And I got to okay. I get up from work this morning like eight o'clock, you know
Drive all the way up the market in fact. I work in market and I drove all the way up there got there
And they told me they had to let me go for what?
For what? Okay, I
We um bought out like another pet store like all the stuff they were going to have business and um and like I don't know
It's just all this whole DS and BS that yeah tell them to screw off Alan
So now I need to know you don't need no you need a job. Maybe you'd like to be my houseboy Alan at
No, I just I just said that to give for pocket because there are people out there in the audience
You're real nervous when I say that because how old are you Alan? What about 11? No, no
I'll be 19 in July Wow and all you got for pocket two if there ever was one
I don't understand Alan. How can anybody who looks so good have so many problems? You know what I mean?
I just don't understand I don't know. Yeah, I've got problems all my life. I know it
I don't I don't know it goes to show you I guess that the life kind of evens its way out, you know
You can look like hell and just to fake your way through life with no problem
And you look could look just tremendous like you do and just be behind the eight ball your entire life
Trusted out beyond the way, you know, yeah, just uh stressed out. I think is a good way to put it
Yeah, well listen
I want to thank you for spitting on my car because that's the only place it's clean now
You know what's it be because out of your car man Spencer really messed up
He schmoots stuff my car last week in fact this week he's supposed to straighten it out
He messed up that Corvette. I was almost in tears
I just had my car clean the other day. I did really good job. Did he? Yeah for 28 bucks. Wow
Well, we don't pay Spencer that much. Maybe we ought to start paying a little more. He might actually do a job
I don't know, Neal, but I need a job now, so do you? Yeah, well we're here for a public service
Maybe we can land something for you somebody who's like a massacres to wants to put up with that
So when are you coming to visit Alan? I don't know. Can I come down to the station when I don't know whenever
Oh sure anytime you want any time I want no as long as I'm not here
I had to show for myself for a day. Alan like Sunday would be a real good. Yeah, Saturday or Sunday
Saturday or Sunday. Yeah, I think I can fit both those days. You can come down sitting on the best of Neal. It's on tape
Oh
I just I was really wounded when a guy called the other day and said you hated me with a passion
I thought what the hell did I ever do to what's his name? I don't get I how could I hate you?
I mean I really don't even get to listen to you because I work from 10
to three so how about those gators huh? Yeah gators
You know I'm a hurricane fan anyway. Well, that's good
You know, I'm happy something worked out well in your life Alan
Yeah, at least the gators are going somewhere
Well, listen you can come by anytime you like Alan. Just give us plenty of advanced
Okay, plenty of it. How many weeks do you need it at least a day's notice? Okay
Yeah, bring those good looking guys by here. It's okay to look Alan. That's what they always told me. Yeah, he's another time
No, another douchebag. Okay, Alan had a great life. Yeah, you too. I'd like to you. He better not come here
Well, you stop it already stop degrading and humiliating yourself. It's just a joke. He's not coming here
Takes it literally
Because they all take what you say literally and they believe what you say
Do you think on his worst day he could be any worse than Joe's friend that was here that day? Yeah
You do yeah, well, I think you're wrong. I think that quenella that day was pretty uh, yeah
It was and now I'm sure so what you weren't throwing anything
Well, that's because you've got a thing with Alan you got I think it's kind of like a little love hate
You know, I mean
No, it's a 10 before noon. I think there's something there that doesn't quite meet the eye. No anyway
I'm looking at the world to flies eyes looking at the world to flies eyes looking at the world to flies on
And you can just buzz off
Well, I think I'll buzz in the front door as a guy who buzz around the back door screen
The guy who buzz around your face
Then I'll land on the ceiling
It's 1153. I really appreciate you turning that off. You know, no who brought that in
Todd is bringing material now, okay
Now let's have a vote
Rob's moon or flies on
Now these people that uh, pernise this that they ever heard the W I O D
Mung off they ever heard this show in their entire life you leave him alone now you're gonna start picking on Todd. I've summed up both
Go ahead see what I mean
bears out exactly what I said before. Oh,
If they if he was old and ugly you'd probably be a big fan of Todd, okay
You'd probably want him in here all the time like a security blanket. Oh, yeah, right
But you're threatened by these young good-looking guys like when wrong comes when you start crawling under the table
Mitch says he's on his way by the way now we admit shouldn't have to come in here on a holiday
No, no, no, besides by the time he gets here. I'll be gone. Oh, it's you didn't have to do that sure
Well, nobody else is here today. Oh, it's still going. Oh, that was just a tail end there. That was good
I couldn't do that again a million years. Do you hear that? I potted it up and just the last huh?
Well Todd is from plant city doesn't that sound like his kind of humor? Mm-hmm
Absolutely no question kind of like that
Down home corn spun
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, almost Nashville humor, you know, mm-hmm exactly
But he eats a mean sandwich. I'll tell you that okay. Let's go to Miami. Hello
My
One
Yeah, this isn't him is it
But I got a friend who talk to you. No, that's not the real P.P
Oh, it's an imitator. Yeah, P.P. Jr
What it didn't work. It's like screw them
It's why yeah the monitor I got to cranked up to seven you know the more important and a Jesse AC that would the app when I don't start ordering him around
Like some kind of a petrion goof order. Yeah, I'm suggest boy the way he said that like some kind of who the how do you think you are?
Okay, this is America's premier engineer who comes schlepping in here on his day off to get some food a list and
I know you want to fix the air conditioning
Yeah, and you're ordering him around like some kind of a lackey like he was spike-wise or some amitches
He known me for about 12 years. That doesn't that's no excuse. How long did you know? Well, what's his name from?
My hot 105 that came in the morning and you shined that morning Jim
What's his name? Yeah, let's go through that name Jim Skyler. Yeah, I can never go through that episode today
It's been a while he insulted him. He treated him like crap. He came in the building. He brought us all that material
He treated him like garbage
Turn his back on him
Well, we need to go through that. Yeah, and you wouldn't have treated him any worse. How do you like that saying a lot if it would our Allen?
Okay, I didn't throw things at Jim
Now you got to admit Allen looks good. Okay, you've got to admit that
From a distance
Yeah, like a lot like like one into a football field or the other
Well, that's only a hundred yards. Yeah, that's about right. You want to see me run fast?
Now he does he's a great looking guy, but he just got like a thing over his head, you know? Yeah
Exactly a black board under a black thing. Yeah
Marguer Hello, I like that Brian will
Do you yeah, yeah, it's a great song. Oh good. We'll send you the CD and I get out of here. I can't hear a thing on
They're getting lower and lower. Yeah, they are it's like they're fading out. Sometimes it's a blessing
Who did that was it the stones did not fade away? Yeah, was that buddy hauling those stones?
Both you're right and if we had a version of that I'd play because I think that's what's happening to the colors
They're like fading away they each color gets a little lower and I got this thing cranked up if I crank it any louder
They'll think Rick's scar is programming the show. We got so much reverb
I 61 like Ricky Tiki
Not quite
61 yeah, you're that yeah, okay. Let's go to West Palm Beach hello. Hello. Yeah, uh-huh
Yes, I got a leak-fower spy report. Oh good
Okay, and the Saturday's paper an hour and eight minutes ago. This isn't Lloyd is it
No, oh you sound like Lloyd's twin something. Oh, I never met Lloyd
Oh consider kiss the ground sir kiss the ground. Okay. There's another good one. How about you Alan knows him too
Well, you took a pole. I think Lloyd went to sleep away camp with stem
And the pole was
Which local newscaster's and national casters he would want to see his viewers would want to see nude and a playboy
Santaful. Oh, okay, and Bishop
I know
But for Channel 12
They they pick Jackie bang and Steve Walford
Jackie bang
Channel 25 and his station. No, see now he's giving us all these Palm Beach people that we can't even see
Okay, go ahead
Conner for 25 and for Channel 10 Terry Maryman
And Channel 5 didn't come out, but however Jennifer Velopi who's now at W. R. R. Oh, yeah, they picked her. I heard they picked Tom done too
And for national they picked Kathleen Sullivan. Oh
Areas Shriver. Yeah, something sir. I'd rather I would rather meet my maker than have to look at Kathleen
Sullivan
Naked or dead and make it
Those that didn't make it with some surprised were Connie Chung and Jane Paulie
How about Jessica Savage how did she make out?
Not too well. Well, I know Lee's audience. You know, they're pretty sick about she might have been the top of the list
Also Linda, I'll be she didn't make it at all. Yeah. How about Arlene Frances?
No
Best Myerson
Ed Koch
No, okay, have a nice day pal. We sure appreciate all that really important
Information boy. They're so carried away with themselves up there
They think the whole world revolves around their little bush league town. I sure do
We don't know who people down here think the whole world revolves around this big bush league town
Anyway, Gail not so bright as standing by. We'll look at that only an hour and five minutes till uh, I think it's six minutes
Ha ha ha ha ha
Till airtime on the Super Amos Super Station and April April's got the new news whoever's got it go ahead and do it please
And W I O D
Oh jays
Oh
It's 1204 W I O D that's what we needed was to come back a little bit early
It's a minute early. Oh
God oh my well no the pot was closed because somebody you know that cart that we played about 20 seconds up
Mm-hmm. It was not about like a seven and a half minute cart
And our white to play
Well, I think probably it's just as well that didn't fire you know what yeah
Anyway
Well, this is a mess to me. I was just feeling under mess. I was feeling better for a while there. Yeah
No real relax relax. It's real mong it's real hot and uncomfortable. So Steve is by any chance listening
I doubt it but if he's listening
Oh, you might want to have second thoughts. Okay
Crawling sick and let him put some tapes on
How come if they can do that on Saturday they can't do it during the week, you know
Just slap some tapes on they can do it anytime they want yeah
How come if they can get away with it every Saturday and put the audience in a coma
With that embarrassing tape repeat crap how come they can't do it on a holiday so we can have off
Oh, and here is mr. Arnold with all those burgers boy
Perfect time wow, so I'm so sorry
I can't eat any of my it had a little piece of that sandwich and I just threw that away. I just can't do it
But I'm sure there will be real and then of course to top it all off
Andy and Todd they go under some stupid shooting or some you know we get shootings all of time here
And they're out there in the W.I.O.D. News car. There he is ladies and gentlemen with a whole what is that
No, but I mean what is that that's more of them? Yeah
For you went nuts today boxes and boxes and boxes. Oh my god
This is my wife. Hi. How you doing great nice to see you
The bird and there's that rich and that's a fan over there and uh
The moon in the stars. Oh in sodas
Great. I hope there's a lot of sugar and ice
Robby a diet huh? Oh, nuts. I'll have the real one
God almighty you guys just went nuts today
Okay, yeah, we'll put that right in the corner here. Thank you very much boy. That's great
I heard you want to eat
Well, great. Thank you very much. That's good. Thanks a lot
Okay, there they go mr. Mrs. Arnold on their way back to working their brains out because they're open every day over at Arnold's Royal Castle
125th and northwest 7th Avenue and North Miami and they brought us just tons now Sheryl
Are you gonna come and eat or are you gonna just keep or waltzing around the building and doing the Kazzatski in a hallway?
She gonna come and eat oh?
There she is. We only had a big three times
We got enough stuff and they've got some chicken soup there too. Okay. It'll be great for you
You might learn yet so come on uh April just
Chowdown pick out go nuts. What are those?
Oh, not for me. No, I can't eat anything. I'm sorry. I appreciate it
But if I touch that boy it would be breast city. I'm telling him. Thank you anytime nice doing business with you
And this is the last holiday I'm working over take tell your tell your fake boss in here tomorrow never again
That's my focus. Okay, he wouldn't understand what that means but take a box. Yeah, take a box. Just go nuts guys because we're a
box
Yeah, but he's trying to say is take a box and get out. That's what he's now. You are
I'm not either day to gale in April. That's not what I'm saying and they know it
That's exactly what he's saying take it and get the hell yeah go ahead
No, he's not
Surly
Notches. I know
Thank you. He said the Allen was unrepeatable anytime. Okay. Well, that's true
Anytime probably at W.I.D. I may be leaving in about 22 minutes
And now
Partly because of being sick and partly because of the cubs game
Mostly because of being sick. I don't know. We'll see
Maybe it would be fun to kind of watch part of it in here while it's well the show is on
I don't think I can make it that far though. It's too it's just so
Close in here, right? Very does not feel good in here at all
We didn't have the fan. I mean, I was sick when I came in and now we come in and the air is off and the building is in disarray
And this is the way it stays man as long as the corporate headhunchos aren't in the building
The place can be if they don't care can be burning to the ground. Don't bother us. We're busy on holiday
You know air be days of holiday for these people around here. It's pathetic
What is she running? Did you see Cheryl just running down the hall? What the hell is she doing? What could be that important?
Racing down a hall. What could be that important and we look at this we got three open lines on the board too
We were off like a house on a fire if you're part of that expression
And now we got three people dropped off. I can't blame them because if I were out today if I were not here today
I'd find something better than this no kidding wouldn't you then rehashing all the
The games or must be there must be something
More important
No, well
What a look
I guess I'm wrong
For you attack Alan okay that would have had enough then you started attacking april and gale for no reason at all like take the box and get the hell out of here
That's not what I said now you're attacking a cubs
No, yes trust me
Said on the facts or this just a note it says Todd says when he comes back
There had better be some burgers left for him. He's gone to a murder
Well, I got news for you Todd the next murder you go to maybe your own
Okay with another note like that
That's as early as your note or whatever you said before to Mitch
I didn't say anything surly to me you said it was it's early or not
It was said in a very disrespectful surly tone about I'd start working on the AC first
No worry about the levels on a stinking goddamn ceiling well, I think I was right. Yeah. Yeah
I know get this I'm serious. They got to get their act together here. They got to get their stuff together
This building is just impossible
I mean we had some warm days at Zeta, but this is like
Sultry is the word I'm looking for it's only 95 degrees in the shade out there. It's like
Well, you know how you always win this I'm sick to begin with you always want to do the show outside
Yeah, probably is a lot cooler outside. I don't doubt that
Oh, this is appropriate. It's the bokeh puke or hello a meal. Yeah
Hey, I just want to wish you in the bird a happy memorial day. It's captain breath
Yeah, I just hope you get to feel it a little better before
I see one of those sodas that they brought me before you drink all of them rich
Yeah
Or is that just nice?
What's inside?
Because this is getting a little pea warm here if you're part of that expression. What's that sir?
I just hope you get to feel it a little better. All right as soon as I get out of this building man
And I think I'll be out sick for about a week. That's the only way you can do it here
They won't give you any time off voluntarily
So you have to get sick
I'm gonna put the diet seven up over the ice there you go. Thank you mr. and mr. Arnold you're just terrific
They are see now. I think when nuts today they brought boxes and boxes of these little burgers and they brought chicken soup and sodas and ice and
God was that nice? Well, it's new. Yeah, I gotta go outside and I'll turn my ribs over so you guys take it easier, right?
Okay, get that finger ready to go down your throat now. No, not today. I got to keep it all down today
It's good food. Okay. See you. All right. I'm disappointed
12 minutes past I get on it right away. Mitch if I were you okay? Whatever
Just can't believe you you're so
Surly and crass and hostile you talking to me. Yeah
Well in hospitable my god. What what is the verdict? Is it think if he uses words that we can actually say
Well, it's not as dirty as it's not as bad. It's not as bad as everybody
I see but you know
I think it's worth listening to I think Neil will have a good time with it. Okay. Now you guys aren't working today
Are you while I'm here in the office? There's no there's no traffic is there no very limited service today
Yeah, I'm gonna have an easy time on the way home. I hope
Uh, well, you know don't go to any of the parts from the new game. You're gonna get some delays going to the park
Oh, I see no I'll stay away from them
But you should have a pretty fair day today. Okay, everybody's at home. Yeah, they have any brains. Yeah
Yeah
All right. Yeah, we'll see what what it sounds like. Okay, sure. I'll tell you what I'll tape it for you. I'll make a dub of it and
I'll see if I can get it to your studio sometime this week. All right. Okay. See you. Okay. All right
There they are traffic patrol who has obviously very very little to do today. Thank god
All right, Hollywood hi, Glenn. Hi. I was wondering did you have an accost the end of the end of 500?
I did see the why I saw the you know the highlights right on the news right and I must say they had some great crashes this year
Didn't they? Uh, well no crashes great, you know, no, but I mean, you know incredible
The one where they had the camera right in the middle really where it knocked the camera out that was unbelievable
I was being you know, I was being facetious of course, but ever but he walked away
It was this unbelievable crash with car parts flying everywhere
The car that was left was the engine. Yeah, and he just hopped out like nothing
You know, but I know that they have now it's just amazing. It sure is because that look you know that looked like the word
That's what what that's why I can say the crashes were great because nobody was heard apparently
Well one of them really
Frost my ass a little bit. I'd like to call ever some phyta Paul de a douchebag because
He fussed out answer junior there right at the end. Yeah, I saw that
I was able to lose the race, but answer didn't protest or anything
Well, I'd like to protest would you would you think he would have if he had felt he had been wronged?
Well, I would think so and he didn't
Well, I really wanted to see how junior I see okay, but it was it was a really spectacular race
The highlights. I saw were really good. I must say it was truly one of the best races ever
Yeah, I can understand why so many people go up there really is spectacular. Well, it is really happening
It really is yeah
Oh, absolutely just like Daytona, you know, uh-huh
In fact the Coca-Cola 600 was pretty high yesterday also. Okay, that came down to within just like split second
The two that finished
Uh-huh, you're fading away
Well, I'm really kind of disappointed that deal wasn't feeling well and he left
Well, it really is bad
Yeah, we're gonna do the lightning round you are can I hold please I have something I have to queue up for you really?
Oh, absolutely. So we put him on hold. I mean, so okay, well, it's only he's on five we'll put five on hold
So we will see how many lines we can get on the whole night field does. I don't know if we will or not, but uh
All right, let's go to Miami. Hi, how you doing bird? Okay. All right. Listen. So you're gonna have a lightning rear? Yeah, I think we're gonna do it anyway
All right, can you put me on hold too? Oh
No
I think you're gonna get a bunch of calls now. No, I was just kidding now call you have any problem now. All right, okay
Okay, you call back. Thanks. So yeah, we're gonna kneel didn't have the energy. I think I can do it. We'll do a special
Memorial Daylight. You know, I mean could I possibly go a day without hearing the dork lady? I mean, you know
Come on, let's get serious
Okay, he's gone now listen. What do you want?
Hello
He's gone. Oh, oh
Hello, what do you want?
Yeah, I just wanted to say I only heard of first of that rob moon song but it's your sound better than that fc
thief thing you played
Now listen that fc
Seathing is a classic a classic
Yeah, well, it's so bad. It's good
I
Have you ever heard it before now he got to hear it a couple times. Oh, it's a fortune me some more
Yeah, it's a spoof. It's a while I figured that yeah
Yeah, all right, okay, I'll let you get away with it all right. Thanks a lot boy. It must be a holiday
They're they're going really easy on me. We have time for one more
There's nobody on this line is there?
Now they're gone boy. The lines are clearing out
We're gonna have a one to two hour today. This is gonna be good uncle Neil left early
The AC is fouled up here and it's a holiday and the cubs are on and he had to get out of here rich
We don't have to watch the cubs now we have to listen to all that
Haas are I boy
What a we had a good day after all now somebody's in the newsroom. It's either gale or afold or somebody
You'll bring you the one o'clock news and we're gonna come back and we're gonna have oh no I'm a minute early. I'm sorry Nick
Oh boy
Palm Beach
They're not there and these lines are clearing out just because Neil left, you know, I mean come on
We're gonna do a one to two hour. Yeah, we're gonna do a one to two hour and Neil's driving home
You know, we have to do something that he'd keep that in mind kids
Neil's listening. He's monitoring. Okay. He's driving home. It takes him like 40 minutes to get home
So he's gonna hear like the first half hour one to one thirty. He will hear it trust me
So you can't slack off and you can't bail out, you know, you think Neil's gone, you know
The teachers away, you know, what's the cats away the mice will play no no no no no
Come on now. Let's let's get let's get that's get our brains working in uncle Neil's listening
He's monitoring. He's listening to everywhere. He's not listening to sandy now get serious now think about it
So you people you know, all right. I'm gonna give you a couple minutes. We'll go to the newsroom get the one o'clock news
Give you a couple minutes to get it together
Take a deep breath and then we'll be back and we will have the one to two hour
Dumped five two four W I O D and brawler or six five five and two seven eight
W I O D in the phone beaches other areas may call collect the opinions expressed by the host guest door collars
Are not necessarily those of the station now?
Here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio six 10 W I O D
Neil that man wiki up in the morning call you do you bag with out of
Morning
You hop out of bed put a comb to your head when the bird reads the news you wish you was dead
Jumping your ride down 95 behind Canadians and you're here's and all that
job
Why was it to get to work while you rush to get there and your boss is a jerk
Neil
man
Uncle Neil left kids bailed out of here left. I really can't blame him the AC is fouled up. It's a holiday
The cubs are on you know and
I gotta get rich when he gets back in there to get the damn cubs off our TV. Oh by the way before we go to the phones and everyone is lit
I know that's weird. So we'll go see that what they want but first I got something for you here
One of which happens to be Lee were sure what every morning from six until nine a.m
That's his problem actually you know we've been telling you quite a bit about this cat his personal life
So for the song he's got a big problem happens to be that he gets up every morning to be here at six o'clock
Yeah, that's not too bad, you know, but he stays around here all day and mess around making little things here
Little this little and it sort of gets to you everyone's well, you know, I mean
You can't you know put so much of yourself into your work
You should have a little time for play and rest of relaxation and stuff like that, you know
But even when he goes out, you know, what is why if it's tough like that they go out in the mobile unit and listen to police radio
These are the angels
That Ricky tiki. Yeah, he's a piece of work. Yeah, I'm piece of something. Okay, Palm Beach. Hello. Hey bird. Are you there? I'm here. Hi
First related birthday wish. Oh, thanks. Hey listen. I'm the one to send you those PBK pictures
I don't want to go. Oh, which ones? The ones with
I'm paradise and oh
Hi, oh, thanks once from the high side or whatever was yeah, oh the newtick. Yeah, yeah, the newtick
You put those in your shrine or not. Oh, yeah. Oh, no question. Yeah, unbelievable
I didn't know if you'd seen them before or why I neither were kind of old
Yeah, I think I may have but didn't matter. You know what I mean? I thought that 8 by 10 over that was
10 view might do
Yeah
Okay, I just want to say and
Right, so nice to hear from you. Thanks for the picture. Okay, but okay, bye. By the way, I want to thank
Hank Goldberg the shirt he gave me for my birthday. He gave me a
WIOD Miami hurricane shirt very nice really nice award over the weekend
Really nice shirt and the Hank thanks a million for that. I know he's listening because he is of course a newly
Neely's not here
And can you blame him?
Anybody with any brains is not here, I think
Miami hello, hey bird. Yeah, you know, Neil always tells everybody to get a life
Uh-oh well anyone that would go home on a memorial day to watch the cubs play should get a lot
I think I think I couldn't have put it better myself
How about extending that lightning round to a half hour today? No, no, no, but we will do it. We weren't even gonna do it at all
Well, at least for 10 minutes or so. Well, we'll see we'll do it. We'll do it. We'll do it good long when now
I want to think bird. Yeah, I just want to talk Kenny L and Hugo that they're moronic douchebags boy
All right, take it easy boys. That guy you think I'm surly. What about that guy?
Miami hello, hey bird has it gone all right
I'm gonna take some I ready to Sally fish in the supermarket. No, she had their shopping cart
This box is the sugar shockers
So we uh wow
Yeah
Uh-huh
Yeah, some calls for Uncle Neil today. Yeah, let's take our life in our hands now
Go to bokeh hello, hi Glenn. Hi
Uh, I'm calling about yeah in the news segment you're running a thing about uh
The tomb guards and the old guard the guys walking the two yeah, I used to be one of them. Uh-huh
Like you know what a prerequisite? We're prerequisite for uh getting there
They didn't care, you know, what you did and be up and on or anything is just as long as you never had sex with another man
Is that right?
This was what they were really interested in. Yeah, one of their main worries was uh that you had never had sex with another man
Oh my god, well you see they know what's important
It was sick me. I mean you they get in this big room and uh, you know trying to intimidate you and scare you at that
Hmm and that's the only thing they talk about what what city did you do it in?
Who is in Arlington up in Arlington. Yeah, what's that movie um
Garden's a stone garden's a stone. That's quite a movie. I saw it. Yeah, what'd you think?
It's parts of it are pretty representative. Uh-huh. It doesn't fairly decent job, but you know
It doesn't tell a whole story. I understand, but it's a pretty good movie. Yeah. Yeah, I would recommend it actually
Garden's even taking a buy in a copy. I rented it
Having been there. I thought about buying a copy, but I don't know. Yeah
Well that that showed some of the screwed up inside, you know priorities
That's what I mean. Yeah, it's better, you know how screwed up you were whether you were you know
Wacked out on drugs or anything just as long as you know you were uh
On the surface you you could look good and uh, yeah, they were real homophobes. Is that right? Yep
Well, I'll be damned. Well, I like you telling that story today. Well, I don't know why, but I
I you know memorial day they used to make us go out and do all kinds of strange things for the people and uh
And uh, I just thought I'd call you and offer that
Glad you did have a good day. Uh, okay. See you. Yeah, that was bokeh. Yeah
Okay
Miami. Hi, Glenn. Hi
You guys really didn't make me laugh a lot lately. We have or we haven't oh you have
I was wondering if I could make you all laugh a lot today too. Well, we'll see I guess uh, I guess we'll judge it
I've got about 10 seconds worth of material that I could queue up
And now you want to blow it here all at once? Um, maybe about 11 or 12 seconds. Okay. Okay
You're kind
Get it up. Well, thank you. Thank you. Yes, if they were you a big guy
What a did up till
Little preview there sort of sort of like uh, the lightning round just sort of uh like the lightning round headroom
Yeah kind of a little sample montage that we are gonna do today
Neil wasn't gonna do it. He didn't have the energy and I understand but I will do the lightning round. We'll go into that
And just about a half hour see say I have something to look forward to let's go to uh sunrise next
Hey, Glenn. How you doing? Okay. How you doing pretty good? Is it okay for sons of chronic to call today? Yeah?
I'm a meal gone. Yeah. This is very junior. How old?
Toledo how you doing? Neil just drove off of i95 sir
He wrecked about the rector into that semi attracted trailer exactly right. He just drove right off the road
Right into the yeah, what are you doing today? I'm doing good. Yeah
Dad's out of town. I'd give you a call. Is he in surrogate today? Oh, so you're sort of
Don't forget what that must have been grandma
Maybe grandma likes to get on the on the lightning round excellent idea. Don't you think? Yeah
Well, I have to agree with you with CVK. She is gorgeous. Didn't she? Yeah, I'm waiting for some new
Materials come out with her. There will but there is some coming out. She's uh there's a movie called shag
Yeah, I don't know if it'll be out this summer or this fall, but it'll be out there. There's more coming
Yeah, I think it was the summer late summer is supposed to come out. Uh-huh
But uh it's called to say hi basically. Well good. Uh can we hold for the lightning round? Maybe grandma? I'd like to get on it
Well in your case. Yeah. Okay. Okay, so now we have we have two
Unhold okay, we'll put very junior on hold we have two lines now out of eight
On hold for you keeping score at home
Okay, I'll say it again. Just we have two lines
Ha ha ha ha
Unhold and uh
That's so happy but I'm pretty confused. I say that. Hello there
Oh
You know, Pity, thanks for the hurry. I think he did the theme in the soundtrack. It's a matter of fact 14 is faster. Love at a clock. I'm
Oh, sound without Pity
Wow
17
16
W I O D
Depend on it. Okay, Fort Lottardale hey bird happy memorial day how you doing? Good. How you now? This is oh it's fort Lottardale
Okay, good. How you doing? You having a good day? Uh, no bad listen to you guys a good way to pass today
I had a party yesterday and ate a little bit too much
So I got a relax and dig you guys.
Yeah.
And I got a surefire way for Neil to avoid having to work on holidays.
Uh-huh.
I called you the last time Neil was sick.
Remember he was sick for about four days in a row.
At least a couple, yeah.
Well, now he was like really sick for a bit.
He was out for like three or four days and came back and he wasn't feeling well.
Right.
I called you and I relayed a story to you about when I was working on the beach in
Lauderdale and I said something about Canadians.
Right.
Canadians.
I got let go.
Yeah.
And then I had sent you a bit of information about me.
I was this track, you know, everything you said, ascending for me.
Oh, sure, sure, sure.
And you would keep it in mind for when Neil goes on vacation.
I don't believe in radio people working on holidays myself.
But me, I do it for the fun of it.
Right.
So when Neil needs somebody, no, I ain't trying to bump him or you are.
But, uh, I mean, hey, the guy doesn't feel good.
And then, you know, you people are the only people down here in the market that are really
worth a while.
You and I would get along great because I love baseball, but I'm not a Cubist band.
Wow.
I'm one of the few.
I mean, I watch the Cubs.
I'll watch any team.
I root for Texas.
Now, do you have a job yet?
Oh, yeah.
Not in Ray.
I've been DJing.
I don't know.
Various parties.
I work a few nightclubs, but I work a regular day job.
I see.
But the thing is how many Texas bands are down here?
Probably very, very few.
I never ever hear anything about it.
Well, there's a guy to play for Texas.
That's from the Miami area.
Palmeiro used to be with the Cubs.
So there probably are a few Texas bands down here, but not enough to make you upset.
Now, I thought when Neil left, we were going to stop talking about baseball.
Well, no, I'm just, you know, letting you know that such a person exists that would
come in and have a great time.
I don't use the word douchebag.
I've got another word that I use that I don't think I'd better say right now, but it would
go over pretty well.
It would be a new word for the vocabulary of the English-speaking people down here.
I have one question for you.
You can play something.
You had from, I guess it was GTR about two weeks ago, a collection of new novelty things.
And there was something about a grateful dead, something about Jerry Garcia or something like that.
Yeah.
Now, that's on the comedy rock network, which are on CD, and he didn't leave those for me.
Oh, well.
And we don't have any Q-sheets anyway.
I couldn't find it in any way.
Oh, that's all right.
I'll have to pass it on to Neil.
You still got the thing that I set you, correct?
Yeah.
Well, look, if the situation occurs that you need a guest for an afternoon or whatever, let
me know because I'm well trained.
I go potty on the paper, you know.
So I mean, Neil's not to worry about me messing the studio.
And I can't wait, I can hardly wait for Steve Kane's show.
I mean, that's going to be more exciting as having my teeth pulled.
Okay.
I'm not sure.
I want to be honest with you.
I'm not sure exactly what I'm going to do when he goes on vacation, which is the first
two weeks in July, by the way.
That's no problem.
Like four weeks away.
That is no problem.
So I'll let you know.
Yeah, I lived out.
I'm going back to Connecticut for a weekend for a wedding, but aside from that, a new problem
as my nine year old cousin would say.
I'll let you know.
Hey, well, thank you very much.
You've been here to show you're doing a great job.
See you.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
Somebody trying to warm their way into the show.
Yeah, we have enough problems with that.
Trust me.
Miami.
Yeah, listen, Bert, I'm going to send you my resume.
I'm going to send you my spancers feeling under the weather.
I'll be more than glad to come a villain.
This is the second time he's tried that with me, simply as resume.
I, I, I remember.
I remember.
I remember.
I'm going to be honest with you.
I think now, Neil's going to go out a way for two weeks.
OK, first two weeks in July.
This is for all the Nielies to, you know, like get your mindset, because Uncle Neil's going
to be gone for two weeks, OK?
And I think, I think I'm just going to sit in here with the callers and do the show.
You know what I mean?
You've done it before and it sounds great.
Yeah, we, you know, Johnny Dark may come by one day and we may do some little things like
that.
I don't think we're going to do anything real major.
That's what's in my mind that we're just going to, oh my god, spike wise is in the building
ladies and gentlemen.
Holy man.
Holy moly.
Is he coming in here?
He's got his kid.
Spike, wait, sir, just hold on, OK?
I got Neil's long court.
I'm going to walk around out to the door and see if I can get Spike wise to come in here
with this kid.
I'm over at the door.
Spike.
Hey, Spike.
He's checking.
He won't come in here.
Yeah, if you can find him rich, I haven't come in here for a minute.
He wants to talk about GTR, but we want to say hi to Spike.
Spike's here on a holiday, sir.
That is amazing.
It's, it's, that's why, you know, I made such a big semis about it.
We have a bureaucrat, the operations director of the radio station, he's here on a holiday.
That is to be commanded.
No kidding.
So I wanted to bring him in and commend him, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
So I sent that rich out, we'll see if we can get him in here for a second.
Oh, anyway, what were we talking about?
I forgot.
OK, by the way, what is the status with the, with that movie that Neil wouldn't see and
the Captain Dave kept pushing on him?
He never saw that was Blade Runner?
Blade Runner, have you ever seen that?
Yeah, I've seen that.
I saw when it was in theaters, you know, years ago.
I was thinking about 85.
I also think about 85.
I watched it again about a month or two ago.
It's very shaky.
Have you ever seen it?
It doesn't transfer well to the TV screen because the whites didn't see it on the laser
disk where they let their box didn't put that around sound.
No, that hurts, but you're right about that.
But I did see it in the theater back when it was new.
I remember liking it better back then, I don't know.
Yeah, it's a very visual movie.
If you don't really get the full impact of the theater with the sound effect on the
white screen, yeah, you're right.
Rachel Ward was also very good looking at that film.
Yes.
They gave her that 40's look that was really incredible.
Wasn't Sean Young in that?
Sean Young, not right now.
Yeah, not Rachel, or Sean Young.
She did look great.
I think that's her first movie or something.
Yeah.
Well, she was stunning in that movie.
I never recognized her to kind of do so her next movie.
Yeah, you're right.
That's one of the main reasons I looked at it was to look at Sean Young.
Yeah.
And she looks good, but she's nuts.
Let me tell you.
He can't find Spike wise.
He disappeared, man.
He disappeared on you.
Ha, ha, ha.
Man.
When to speak to him for a minute.
OK, OK, Spike.
97 GTR, OK?
All right.
We have to do that for Spike her.
By the way, Bird, happy to be late at 29.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Thanks.
OK, well, listen, I'll talk to you next time.
OK, bud.
Take care.
Bye.
All right, there he goes.
Now, since possibly we have a call from Homestead,
I'm going, every line is full.
How did Bird is half-f
supposed to, but you know what my friend is calling me?
Hey, how you doing, huh?
I'm doing great.
I just want to talk about that last call.
He's got about much chance of getting on that station
as I kneel there as a man and a woman.
Yeah.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Well, you have a way of making a phrase there.
I've got a good feeling of it.
It's going to happen.
Yeah.
But what I'm doing right now, I'm doing some almost legal.
I'm sitting on concert tickets.
You're what?
I got concert tickets for the hero.
I got a first for a center person.
I thought you said you had Gonzerticket.
Well, no, Gonzert, I know you got that right.
He won't let me talk to him anymore.
No, you're gone as soon as he hears who it is.
You're gone.
I was hoping he's going to be there
because I was going to try to ride him around today,
but what he's going to do.
Well, we are going to do it, and you will get through.
Thanks, Bird.
Take care.
OK, ha, there he is.
A very, very brief appearance.
But compared to Uncle Neil, that was incredibly long
and ponderous.
I yell ponderous as the word, right, Uncle Neil?
I can't believe he's listening to this while driving down
9.95.
You can't find Bill Wise on.
Now, he disappeared out of here like a bad out of hell.
Now, first of all, we want to commend him,
the only bureaucrat at WIOD in the building.
For that.
That's a can't.
Now, he should be up here for a coffee.
Are you a dark city?
He's a white, he's a black.
Oh, my God.
He from the top of the Empire stay a while ago,
but it was busy all day.
Weird.
Yeah, every line show.
I don't understand every line's full.
Yeah, I just saw Robin Williams in the park.
Good.
And with his kids.
How's the weather up there?
Today, it's gorgeous.
Yeah.
It's like 66 clear like 66 WABC.
Yeah, I couldn't find what's his name on the show.
How are you?
No.
He's on K Rock.
Yeah, but nobody seems to know what's the name.
It's low on the dial.
Yeah.
I'd say that it's a 92.
It's unlike 92.
Yeah, I was fiddling around.
Yeah, you can find him.
Look, way down low on the FM dial.
Uh-huh.
Well, we're heading out to back to Miami in about three hours.
Oh, well, then forget it.
Oh, well.
I couldn't resist getting through to my man.
Yeah.
Well, he, uh, he talked to me.
Yeah, you remember me anywhere.
I'm your old buddy, Jimmy Jr.
Jimmy Jr.
That's right, Glenn.
He said me here in 1981.
Of course.
Was that one who was 81?
It was 81.
Jimmy Cagney.
That's right.
Boy, those were the days.
Yeah, you're not kidding.
I sure remember you.
What are you doing these days?
Well, I'm still trying to get that big break, you know,
acting wherever I can.
I see.
You know?
Getting a little work here and there.
You know, they're doing something else at that theater now.
They have it open again.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know.
Four old movies and, uh, all right.
Yeah, they're supposed to be having a big film festival.
Yeah, that's right.
So we wish them all the best.
Yeah, for sure.
Well, great.
I'm glad you gave us a call.
Well, by the way, I got to tell you.
I saw the most gorgeous Oriental woman with the nicest set
of bright, unbeliever.
This was right up your alley.
You thought about me.
Absolutely.
Right before we got into the cat.
Oh, we had the most stirring cab ride last night.
The guy's going 100 miles down to the avenue.
Yeah.
I mean, we're talking major, major bouncing.
Mm-hmm.
I've had some cab rides in New York City, Jimmy.
I'm serious that I will remember till the day I die.
I'm serious.
I'll never forget him.
I mean, almost as good as a roller coaster.
Yeah, very similar.
Very good.
This guy's name had like seven concerts.
Yeah.
They all do.
Is that funny?
Total trip.
I'll tell you something.
As much as everybody's so in love with New York,
I'd rather be a Miami any day.
Yeah, I'm going to take the eating humidity.
Exactly.
And we got it here today.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Well, we'll be sweating our cars off tomorrow.
Well, sorry, Miss Neal.
Yeah, me too.
But hey, look, I got to talk to my main guy.
All right.
See you later, bud.
All right, talk to you later.
OK, call from New York.
Unbeliever.
Well, it's almost 130.
So we're going to take a break here in the lightning round.
We'll be on today, differing from what was previously
an out previous host.
No, I'm going to do it.
We'll do it in about 15 minutes.
OK, we'll be right back.
And W-I-O-D.
131.
And we go to point.
OK, now, first off, I want to, for all those
with your score cards at home, OK?
Line 5 and line 8 are on hold for the lightning round.
OK, you got that?
Line 5?
It's like Bingo, you know?
And line 8 are on hold for the lightning round.
OK, point and beach.
Hello?
Hello, bird.
You're a douchebag.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Also, a very, very long appearance with Niels not here.
Miami.
Hey, Glenn, how's it going?
OK.
Hey, listen, I'm sure Niels not listening anymore.
Do you have a copy of the golf game for when he goes away
on vacation?
OK, now, this is a big secret, sir.
Well, he's not me, so I'm by now.
OK, yeah, you're right.
Nobody's listening anyway.
Yeah.
He doesn't know that.
He knows deep down that I do.
I have got it.
I don't have it in my hands yet.
But I-
It's hidden.
I'm not going to tell you what city it is in.
It's in a city in South Florida.
And I'm going to get it before he goes on vacation.
I mean, you know, for when he goes on vacation,
which would be like in about four weeks.
Great.
And I will play it the first day.
Great.
Hey, listen, you know any good Thai restaurants in North
Dade?
The best one is Thai House 2 on 163rd Street.
Have you ever been there?
No.
It's almost a federal highway on 163rd Street
on the right-hand side.
If you're going east, it's called Thai House 2.
That is absolutely without question
the best Thai food in North Dade.
OK, I'll take it out.
My opinion, OK?
OK.
See you.
OK, and now we go to Hollywood.
Hello.
How you doing?
Good.
I'm sorry to bring up the subject baseball again,
but I think there's an expression.
Pat Mitchell probably agreed with me.
He had Niels forgotten.
And that's that if it's early in the season,
if the cups are on top.
I think even I've heard that expression.
Yeah, it's given enough time to cut the matter
to hang themselves early, too.
And I think the match will pull it back out
on a big match fan.
OK.
Oh, that bill wise.
Bill Wise.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
OK, sir.
We got a bullet.
And here he comes.
Here he comes.
He's got his kid.
Here he comes, ladies and gentlemen.
Bill Wise is coming down the hallway.
Bill, come on in here.
Come on in here, pal.
Now, first off, we want to commend you, Mr. Wise.
Hey.
Hi.
And Bill's one of Bill's sons.
You are the only bureaucrat at WIOD that's in the building.
Yes, please sit at that microphone.
You're the only bureaucrat.
In the building on a holiday, what the hell are you doing here?
How hot it was.
Isn't it?
It's the building.
It's like this room.
The rest of the building's like an ice cube.
And this room is like a sauna, right?
Near left, Bill.
About 10-1, he packed it in.
Now, who is this child here?
Is he going to talk to his Benjamin?
I don't think so.
How old is he?
How old is he?
He's shy.
He's shy.
He's like boom boom.
It's like his dad.
He's shy.
Now, Bill, I know some stories about you.
Uh-huh.
They had no body knows.
Would you like me to tell a couple?
It's a holiday.
Come on.
It's a holiday.
I'm looking for a car because I want Benjamin.
Now, what did I-
It's Mitch fixing this.
Yeah, they AC people are on the way.
Now, Benjamin.
I heard you're complaining about him.
Yeah, they give a bad water pumpers.
It should be done by sports talk.
Now, this is what we want you to do.
Now, listen, Benjamin, Benjamin, are you listening to me?
Now, listen to this.
It's the water to two hours.
See, that's the kind of stuff we want you to do.
The water he does are.
What in God's name are you doing in this part of town?
Thought I'd come in and see what Richard ordered for lunch.
Would you like a burger?
Like a sandwich?
A sub from Captain Jimmy's.
And we have burgers from Arnold's here.
Oh, is that-
Yeah, do you like a little hamburger?
Little cheeseburger?
No.
Are you going to talk to us?
No.
OK.
We wanted to be on the lightning round.
I was coming up in about 10 minutes.
You know, you know, did I say 97 GTR on that?
We get the best calls starting Friday Bill on the hotline
for the lightning round for some reason.
Yeah, the best calls seem to come in on the hotline.
OK, that's-
What's the good thing here at Business, OK?
Business.
Yeah, what?
It's a busy day around here.
Jason Louise, listen to these guys.
I'll forget to listen to Hermitim McBean of Warmark, 97 GTR.
OK, now Neil might still be listening, so get out of here.
The Cubs.
All right, there he goes, kids.
Spikewise, there he goes.
He's a departing the studio.
OK, at 136 for those of you keeping up.
Now, line five and line eight are on hold for the lightning round.
We just want to keep that clear.
Dear feel.
I've got that two sports reports, one for you and one for Neil.
OK.
First of all, Steffi, but one, six, one, six, one.
Really?
Gabby, one, six, love.
Oh, love.
Oh, my God.
Now, which ones do you like?
Which ones do you like for the open, Burrett?
Oh, Gabby all the way.
You like Gabby?
Oh, I have a terrible crush on her.
Yeah, me too.
Do you?
Yeah.
Oh, I mean, I have pictures of her.
A listener sent me pictures of her.
He snapped out at Lippton, I guess, years ago.
Unbelievable young lady.
Anyway, yesterday you probably didn't watch the Lakers game.
Me?
But the highlight of the game.
Now, why would you think I didn't want to say that?
I have a feeling you might have been out doing things,
but the highlight of the game for me
was when they made a special announcement
that Brent Bingbanger was 50 years old
and the entire crowd booed him when they brought the cake out.
Even I like that.
But that was quite humiliating.
Yeah, even I like that.
OK.
All right, sir.
You want a good job, Burrett?
Thank you, sir.
Hey, care.
All right.
Unbelievable.
OK, now, let's go.
This is a pretty lively, isn't it, Rich?
Miami.
Hello, Burrett.
Yeah.
Burrett, I've got a film report for you.
Film report?
Yeah.
You've got to go check out.
He doesn't know evil.
He doesn't know evil.
He doesn't know evil.
Now, that's the Richard Prior and Gene Wilder film.
It's funny, yeah.
A lady in there with the most gorgeous pair of legs.
You know that's Joan Severinson.
Is that?
Joan Severinson.
Exactly.
Yeah, she's beautiful.
I mean, the whole theater was going for boo.
Uh-oh.
And she's a Brunette, didn't she?
Yeah.
No, boy.
My type.
No, god.
You have to go check it out.
I like this series of calls.
It's like balance here.
You know, you know, this way.
First, we drew over Gabby.
Now we're doing.
This is good.
This is good balance for this show.
I like it too.
All right.
All right.
I'll talk to you later.
OK.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
Now we have another call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Every line is full.
Hello.
Len?
Yeah.
Hi.
How are you doing?
Good.
Getting ready for the lightning round, sir.
Yeah.
Before you get the lightning round going, can I give it a?
Can I ask you a favor to get you to play I-95 song?
Wow.
You know, I'll play it for you if I can find it.
OK.
And I'll tell you why is because it hasn't been on in weeks
and weeks and weeks.
Sorry.
Now would you like to talk it up?
Well, not really, because what I wanted to do is recorded.
Well, son, hi.
Good luck to you.
All right.
He wouldn't talk it up.
All right.
So we're playing this way.
I'll come think to holiday and get a kill some time.
And plus it hasn't been on in a long time.
Well, I was driving down I-95 the other night.
Somebody nearly cut me right off the road.
I decided wasn't going to do any good to get mad.
So I wrote a song about him instead.
It goes like this.
For you born an asshole, or did you work it your whole life?
Either way, it worked out fine.
Because you're an asshole tonight.
Yes, you're an A. That's that's H-O-L-E.
And don't you try to blame it on me.
You these are all the credit.
You're an asshole tonight.
We're an asshole yesterday.
You're an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling.
You'll be an asshole the rest of your life.
I was talking to your mother just the other night.
I told her I thought you were an asshole.
She said yes, I think you're right.
And all your friends are asshole.
Because you know that you're a whole life.
If somebody told me you've got an asshole for life.
For you born an asshole, or did you work it your whole life?
Either way, it worked out fine.
Because you're an A.
I don't do my job as well.
Disgusting program.
One-night.
Well, you know, Niels out here.
We can't. We don't have the perfection that we have when he's here.
But it was okay. It was good to hear that again.
Okay.
Now is it is a really line two?
Is that is that the next one on the yeah?
Okay. All right.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Okay. I thought it was line two.
Now this is the only one to go to.
Boca. Hello.
And I for the light in row.
You know, you know, you can.
And you know why?
Because it's a holiday.
Okay.
Oh, no, I hung up on him.
Oh my God.
See, you just can't get that perfection.
I hung up on the guy.
I meant to put him on hold.
Hit the right.
Yeah, there are no coincidences.
I hit the wrong button.
So you're just going to have to call in again.
I'm sorry boy, you know, that's damn.
That's a shame.
All right.
We'll take another call or two and then we'll take the break.
And then we're going to do a hold.
They're all going on hold for the lightning round.
That's what happened in Nick.
Okay.
We're going to update you here now.
As you know, we have line five and eight on hold.
They asked to be on hold for the light in here.
And line two now is on hold for the light.
You're an anline seven.
And of course, line seven is Boca.
Hello.
Miami.
Hi.
Hi.
I'm about to go grab it.
Okay.
Now we'll go ahead and take the break and come back
and do the lightning round.
It's coming up right after this.
The game in the Cubs.
The Cubs suck, you know.
Yeah.
No scoring the game.
All right.
Are we ready?
We're ready to go.
This is my first lightning round, by the way.
We have four four lines on hold out of eight.
And we'll take them first and we'll see how it goes.
I've never done this before.
So I got my fingers already to go here.
Can you?
I can't hear anything.
Hello.
Are we on the area?
Okay.
All right.
Here we go.
It's 146 and here we go with the lightning round.
Okay.
Hello.
Give me an L.
Give me an L.
Boca.
The angle of the dangle equals the mass of the S.
This isn't too bad.
Is it?
Okay.
Line two.
Hello.
No secret cards.
So many numbers.
I'm getting the hang of this.
Okay.
Hello.
Boca.
Boca.
Geez.
You know, we were rolling along so good.
Now I'm just going to take them in order because I don't know what to do.
Line one.
Hello.
That's going to be...
Let's see.
Okay.
You ran out of material.
Now it's hard.
Neal's right.
The levels are so low.
It's hard for me to hear.
So Rich, if you hear anything weird, let me know.
Okay.
Don't touch.
Okay.
We dumped that one.
Okay.
That's our first dump.
That one didn't get on.
All right.
Hello.
Is there anything that you chose that glen hill?
Okay.
Yeah.
I got to let the light build up for a minute.
The other one didn't matter.
Okay.
Hello.
Bird.
Yeah.
What do you call off?
Mid-sitz psychic that Boca had a gel.
What?
A small meeting at large.
That's not bad.
Hello.
Her mimic being on the greatest.
Oh, that's Spike wise.
You know, he's just insatiable.
Hello.
Sales people are anthuls.
Very good, sir.
Hello.
Bird.
Yeah.
You just got to play the wack or twist.
You know, I wish we had time.
Hello.
I got your mother over here.
Nothing on the hotline?
All right.
We'll start over again.
Hello.
You amateur.
Hello.
If you're a neilie when you listen to neil,
are you a hanky when you listen to Goldberg?
Excellent question, sir.
Can you believe this, Steve?
Well, what you have walked into, you have walked into hell.
You have walked into hell.
Hope you have a good time.
You playing trivial pursuit today?
No.
No trivia today.
Oh, you sure you don't want to reconsider.
Hello.
Hello.
Broward.
So far, the men don't wear panties.
Broward.
You were still a bigger jackass than you work with.
You know, I can barely hear these people.
I know I do what he said, but that's okay.
Hello.
Broward.
Yeah.
This is Tommy Suns at Remord over here.
Boca.
Hey, Roland.
Yeah, I told you to get back on.
No problem at all, okay?
Palm Beach.
Bird, you have the faith only a newbie and goat herder could love.
Still nothing on the hotline.
Dead.
Hello.
Pretty bird.
I like that one.
That was cute.
Dead.
Glenn, you're still the best, but we're still dying over here.
Dead.
Hello.
Yeah.
I've seen the glimpsies.
I've been waiting for one of those.
That's good.
Broward.
Glenn, tell me you'll put up a little bit.
Broward.
The land is in the top of the tall, man.
I fell off the fall and I can't get it up.
Yeah.
Broward.
Thank you, Rocky.
Boingles.
It's so nice to hear from Boingle today, wasn't it?
Boca.
Steve Kane makes me puke.
He's not doing trivial pursuit today.
Can you believe that?
He's going to attack somebody.
Palm Beach.
Mama, me, Elbicho.
Okay.
Dead.
Fat man can't stand that heat.
So he gets out of that kitchen.
Dead.
The most disgusting program.
Isn't the truth.
Dead.
Would you play the golden butt plug?
Broward.
I never did, man.
I don't get it.
Broward.
Killing from Pimbroke Pines is a brown nose chronic number one.
Wow.
Okay.
Broward.
I'm fiddin' to the toilet over here.
Oh, God.
You know, Boca.
I'm fiddin' to the toilet.
That's what I like.
You know, creativity there.
Palm Beach.
Burr, burr, burr, burr.
Burr, burr, burr.
Still nothin' on the hotline is dormant today, which is strange.
Dade.
XY, Sir Athol.
Okay.
Dade.
My, oh my.
We're heaven to the fuck up.
Yeah.
Okay.
Boy are we ever.
Dade.
But my friends still call me happy.
Broward.
It's the smartest program I've ever heard.
Boy.
All right.
Hello, Broward.
Really blissful playoffs in the douchebag.
Okay.
Broward.
I like to stick my weenie in Gabriella, 17.
Now I cannot argue with that whatsoever.
Okay.
Boca.
Boca.
Would you like to?
Okay.
I dumped that one also rich and we'll, I mean, you know, we can't.
And that's just too ridiculous.
We're gonna wait for the delay to build up here for a second.
And this will help kill some time here.
That's the water to two hours.
I think it's obvious.
Okay.
Yeah, we gotta wait for the delay to build up a second neck and then we'll continue.
Broward.
It's a stationery flood.
Over the moon.
Okay.
All right.
I can't hear half these calls anyway.
The levels are so low.
Broward.
It can't even make it.
I've never heard that one before.
Broward.
Can I clean up your nest?
No.
Boca.
Is this the Glenhill show?
No.
No.
Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah.
Bird.
Yeah.
Dr. Fager thinks that the olfidouish big.
Okay.
Now the hotline is ringing rich.
Look at this.
Hello.
Hello.
I did Steve Cain and Norman Kent last night in their Mount Eros.
I see we've been waiting for a call in the hotline for all this old lightning rather we've got one.
Wow.
Okay.
Now every line continues to ring.
This is almost spooky as we continue with our memorial day lightning round.
Dead.
What's the question?
Good one.
Dead.
The call is a shock.
Yeah.
I think we know that.
No score net.
Big game.
All right.
So Neil didn't miss a thing.
Dead.
I'm ruthless over here.
Broward.
The cops fought my ass.
Yeah.
Me too.
Broward.
You are a tilt-out.
You'll let that go.
Broward.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hey.
Hey.
We're here.
We'll let that one go too.
See which ones we let go and which ones we don't.
Boca.
You're the baddest you want to be, baby.
Palm Beach.
Funny.
I hate the hitting but I don't mind the swelling.
And thank God the hotline is what we're just going through.
I'm going to I go through them in order.
You know, just you do day.
Then we do Broward.
Then we do the others.
And then the hotline.
If it's ringing and thank God this round it isn't.
So here we go with another round.
All right.
Dead.
At the end of two innings.
That's the braids.
Ten.
The cops.
Nothing.
No score.
Dead.
I don't hang up on me.
Don't hang up on me.
Don't hang up on me.
Dead.
You are as bad as everyone thinks.
That's right.
Broward.
Dave and Bruce are a douche bag.
Oh, okay.
Broward.
Yes, Bird.
I don't know whether to scream or eat your banana.
I'm not going to let that one go, too.
Broward.
Broward.
Broward.
Yeah.
What do you call a person who uses hair spray six miles up?
I don't know.
And those on from Blocketour.
All right.
Boca.
Steve K.
He's not the quality.
It's the quantity.
And thank God the hotline is not ringing.
Now I just go through him, you know, just in order.
And I will see what happens.
Dave.
Yee hee hee, podcast.
Okay, Dave.
There once was a fellow named Chris whose balls were made out of brass.
It's enough for that one.
Dave.
Emory, clat to an hour lot.
That you'll bring your dangas.
Ha ha ha.
I know.
I don't know whether to scream or yeah.
Broward.
I'd buy that for a dollar.
Robocop.
Yeah.
Broward.
He's my ampita.
This is Elvis.
Broward.
He's your first picture to chop chop chop.
Good one.
Ha ha ha.
Boca.
I'm waiting for Neil Tapue.
Excellent.
What?
Pumbich.
Pumbich.
Yeah, preparation for Bacatora.
Ha ha ha.
All right, we did another round there and no hotline ring.
Thank God.
Okay, 156.
We got, we can do at least, we can go through him at least one more time.
Okay.
Dave.
I don't need a damn history lesson.
I need help.
Ha ha ha ha.
Dave.
I can't get this back some proper fine.
Okay, Dave.
Hey, Sean says Kevin and Dennis are both douchebags.
Okay, now let's go to Broward.
Thank you, Ruckian.
Oh, here's a boy called twice today.
How cool.
Broward.
So far, I'm in Delaware, Ben.
And another one in Broward.
Okay, Boca.
You got it, baby.
You got it.
Okay, ampumbich.
Where the hell's the door, lady?
You know, you're right.
I wish you hadn't said that because now all of a sudden the door lady didn't call me.
I'm doing the lightning round, which I've never done before.
And the door lady who I have a terrible crush on doesn't call me.
All right, Dave.
You better like you, old.
Dave.
I'm a lot of you.
Ha ha ha.
And Dave.
If you like my head going to blow, would you?
Okay, we dumped that one.
Didn't go on the air.
Broward.
My wife came to show, but I hate my wife.
Okay, Broward.
The video, the video, the video.
That's all, Boca.
And Boca.
The door lady makes me pu-
Now, pumbich.
Oh, you are, damn f.
We're smiles.
All right, can we do one more?
And we'll do it through one more time so we can find the door lady.
Dead.
Go ahead, he'll be a fruit cage.
Dead.
Where's that beef?
Oh, you talk about dated.
Oh, my God, dead.
Oh, you're super sure.
Broward.
Broward.
Hello?
Hello?
Yeah.
Jeffrey, get over here.
Broward.
Holly, remember how dumb I used to be?
Well, I'm better now.
Broward.
Jay and Domingo don't buy a house.
Boca.
Boca.
Okay, pumbich.
Hey, Glenn, you're doing a fantastic job.
Prabhakatur.
Okay, and the hotline is ringing.
Hello?
Okay, we had to dump the hotline.
Now, what does that tell you?
Yeah, that's it.
That's the lightning round for today on Memorial Day Edition.
When you have to dump the hotline, I mean, does that tell you anything?
Okay, well, if they get the AC fixed, Uncle Leo will be back.
And I'll see you two 10 o'clock tomorrow morning, right here at 6'10", W-I-O-D.
The news is next.
