stock radio 610 WIOD presents Neil Rogers.
To get in touch and talk, call 751 WIOD in day.
524 WIOD in broder, or 655 in 278 WIOD in the farm beaches.
Other areas may co-collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or scholars are not necessarily those of the stations.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on NewSort Radio 610 WIOD.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
What is this all about?
No, no, seriously.
What is this all about?
You're looking for a place on the tape for this place is just psychotic.
Now, how did I show you coming here 30 seconds before I'm going to go on the year and you
hit me with this psychotic, idiotic crap and tell Disney to take some no-dose, okay?
My God.
These people are just incredible.
Mind boggling, shocking.
It's 1006 at WIOD.
Good morning.
It's wonderful to be here again.
I just don't understand.
You know, it's got to do with this delayed thing again and something that they set out.
I don't have any idea.
I do four hours in here every day and she comes in here like I'm going to give her a
time that there was something that I don't remember anything that happened yesterday on
this show.
I remember what happened on Teen Show, which I'm going to be talking about momentarily.
Boy, you know, some of you people out there in the audience, if you ever grew up, it would
be one of the most incredible miracles in the history of mankind.
A Steve did have a fairly interesting topic yesterday, although I must say, interspersed
because yesterday was Tuesday, so it was at my mother's and she headed on in the background
doing me a great service so I could really digest my dinner comfortably.
And there were like about eight or nine people attempts, you know, to respond to what I
said yesterday, but the amazing part of it is none of them respond or did Steve to what
I was really talking about and that is, you know, the abortion thing and his obsession
with it and the fact that he was ripping surely Peters and others who become obsessed
with personal hangups and let it interfere with their shows and how he's doing the same
thing.
See, it's real easy to avoid dealing with something that you can't respond to.
So you try to make it into something else as if we were doing a personal attack here
for four hours, which we weren't.
But after yesterday, I'm definitely giving up.
I mean, if Steve wants to abortion every day, it's a show, more power to them and if that's
what he wants to do, we'll all go down and play this together, you know, what can I say?
Anyway, how about those cubs?
I had a whole regular thing to start the show here in Sharon Kim and it asked me the most
incredibly idiotic question I've ever heard in my life.
I've been sitting here for half an hour.
Why didn't somebody come and ask me about it before 30 seconds?
The theme is playing, okay?
The intro to the show is playing and she comes in and asks me this idiotic question,
which I still don't understand what they're talking about and busy up there changing
his underwear again.
Well, I'm telling you, these people here are just incredible, just astonishing.
I still don't know what you're talking about.
Now who sent the tape to whom?
What are you talking about?
Well, no, it's easy for you to say, now don't worry about it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You come in here, it'll be like coming in and taking your clothes off and then running
out the door with no explanation, you know?
Anyways, 10 awaited at WIOD.
The cubs beat the Cardinal's Sported 2 last night.
It was another real nail-biter.
It was just a traumatic horrendous, but they still hung on in one.
Of course, Montreal continues winning every day, so we're still three and a half behind.
The good news for cubs' ranzes though that the pirates beat the Mets's Sported 2, so
the Mets are in third place and it comes their full game ahead of New York.
So that's about the status of that.
Don't ask me about our show Friday morning in Chicago because I know absolutely no more
about it today than I did yesterday or last week or anything.
I have no clue, no idea what's going on.
Which I guess is perfect because when you were here, when you work in this place, it's
fitting that you should have absolutely no idea what's going on.
I have a note here from Joe Johnson who says I'm not plugging his show enough on Magic.
OK, Joe's on at 6 p.m. nightly and Monday through Friday, and that's Monday through Friday,
seven of them in that unsanitary.
OK?
Wonderful, Joe.
You're doing a great job.
But we wish you guys would knock it off with a rating.
OK?
Anyway, one thing about Steve, other than the fact that he has no sense of humor, it's nine
minutes past 10 at WIOD.
No, I'm not going to do a big number on that again today, but it just amazes me, just shocking
to me.
When I hear, for example, he had a guy called in the five o'clock hour who said, Steve,
I want you to know what Neil did to you this morning was unconscionable.
And I called him up and I told him, if you want to do abortion 20 times a week, you get
the guy never called this show.
There was never any such call to this show.
OK?
So there was some real desperate, I mean desperate butlerkers, and I know every one of
his listening right now, you're not fooling me for a minute.
OK?
You're a glued to the radio because you have no lives.
And then there was this young, a Latin guy who called in who claims to be a listener of
this show.
But on the other hand, love those old days much better when Steve used to defend himself
and now he's wimping out and he's not defending himself against me and these terrible attacks
and how I'm jealous.
Or just amazing when you listen to some of the first of all, it's just a radio show,
OK?
Some of you really need to calm down.
Maybe even Disney could get together and go to one of those, um, Pramson, Dental,
Meditate.
They still do that at TM or is it BM?
Maybe they need a BM instead of a BM.
I don't know what it is.
But for some of you people get so hysterical.
And I'm not taking back anything that I said yesterday or any time this week since last
Friday, whether it's about Steve's show and the abortion thing, which is deadly.
And of course, now he comes up with his, well, it's the lead story on the news and the
governor's called a special session, which probably will be a rationale for doing another
10 shows on it between now and October, you know.
But as I said, it's a show.
He wants to go down in flames based on an obsession or personal obsession with an
issue that he's not going to change anybody's mind about.
That's up to him.
But as far as what I said about the bird and about losing control of this show, I'm
telling you, I feel so great this week with him on vacation.
You never realize it being a little good, but being so complicated.
Well, it can be.
He's a wonderful guy.
He does a great job.
The only thing is he needs to go back into his cage and let me decide what we're going
to talk about.
And that's what's going to happen when he comes back.
What's going to be like the old times again.
And I'm not going to sit here and fight for the right to talk about what I want to discuss
every day.
Okay.
Well, I'm talking about the Cubs for the whole show.
That's it.
Oh, here's the guy I was talking about.
Yes.
Yeah.
How you doing today?
Great.
All right.
Listen.
I don't want to call you.
I did make a mistake on Steve's show because I called you to date before and I'm not
for you.
Oh, remember that.
Yeah, but you didn't tell me what you said on Steve's show.
Okay.
Somehow your imagination is running away with you.
Well, you aren't that conversation right?
Did you hear me call you obnoxious?
Yeah.
Okay.
But you're still listening to that.
I noticed right at the beginning of the show.
I love to listen to you.
Great.
You're the Edoist.
Well, I don't mind obnoxious is not a knock to me.
Okay.
If I'm obnoxious, people love that.
Okay.
That's one of the things about the show they enjoy.
Okay.
Now listen, why don't you get rid of her if you don't like them?
I didn't say, didn't I just see it?
There you go again.
You're just a professional troublemaker.
Well, I didn't say I didn't like him.
I said he's losing perspective on what is wrong on the show.
And you said that he's leading you around because that's correct.
That's correct.
And I said, now I'm finally getting growing some, you know what?
And I'm taking control again.
Well, I want to stand up.
I'm on a radio and do what you want to do rather than just doing what I want.
That's what I just said.
I'm going to do.
So I'm just telling you, see your problem, sir.
I think that you have a vaccine buildup.
Do you listen to waxy?
Because your ears have this very difficult problem being penetrated.
I think the listeners, when you do it, when these people aren't there, just wait.
Well, I listen.
I do it when he's here every day.
The people listen to the show know that every thinking day when Glenn has been here
the last month, I say wait a minute.
I thought this was my show.
If I want to talk what I do, and he doesn't listen, okay?
He doesn't pay any attention.
And the same with Steve.
When Steve butted his way on the show yesterday, I said right to his face exactly the same
thing that I'm saying now and that I said yesterday.
Okay?
So, you know, you again, one of these people likes to make these raw accusations, your
professional problem.
You're a great guy.
So have a great life, okay?
1013 at WIOD.
That's a cure.
See, now he's so confused.
He doesn't know whether the screen will reach your ex-planet in there, okay?
Speaking of food, we got one more here.
He's going to be gone.
We want to tell a public he's going to be there.
Okay.
Well, he'll be back on Monday, okay?
And as I said the other day, that'll be right after he comes back from Vegas, and I'll
be coming back from this Chicago thing this weekend.
And you'll see what we're going to talk about, okay?
I mean, delighted to hear about Vegas.
I hope he had a great time or is having a great time when he's a lot of money.
But I'm not going to put myself in a position.
It's interesting that that idiot called up, who's a nice guy, but an idiot from the mobile
phone, because this is one of the things I was going to mention.
I'm not going to sit here and apologize for my opinions.
In other words, I said yesterday and the day before, what's on my mind?
And if you don't like it, you can stick it in your ear or any of you, especially you
paranoid, insecure butt kissers, okay?
Boy, I listened to some of that yesterday afternoon.
I couldn't believe it.
Oh, don't listen to any of that stupid, he's just jealous, he's insecure.
That's not the point.
I'm trying to tell a guy something for his own good.
That's going to benefit all of us because it's TV, he isn't ponderous.
And he won't respond directly to that.
He comes out with his juvenile thing about how well I'm breaking the rules.
And I was upset when he had his listening to his father.
I didn't invite anybody to call and discuss him yesterday.
I did let the calls go.
There were a lot of people who called in.
And for the first time in a very long time, I let him go because I just want to make the
point that there are a lot of people out there.
The minute he starts with that abortion crap, they're gone.
They're gone.
And no, I don't believe the book is 100% accurate.
I think the whole station got a real screwing in June in the sample.
But I do think that there's a problem there, okay?
But boy, don't interfere, man, because I know it all.
And I'm going to just pile right ahead.
I guess that's his philosophy.
And like he said, it's his show and he's right.
So I'm never ever going to attempt to give any constructive, it's hopeless.
Because like I said the other day, the more you tell some people something, the more they
run in the opposite direction, to be contrary.
It's kind of a juvenile trait in some people.
And for example, at the topic yesterday, I'm just going to make this one last comment,
okay, and then we'll leave Steve alone.
He's got open phones today, so he's got another four hours to do whatever he wants.
It's a show.
But that thing about, you like this horrible movie, which just because it's a Rob Reiner movie,
everybody says how great it is.
People who have seen it that I've talked to said it, one for my mother, so I said it's mediocre.
And I have a friend who's so I've said it's horrendous, pathetic, very disappointing,
especially for a Rob Reiner movie.
Harry and the Deesh bag or whatever this movie is.
And the point of the movie is that these, the guy, Billy Crystal and a woman are living
together with this platonic relationship and how hard it, you know, and they're not having sex,
et cetera, and so on.
All evidently from the previews I've seen eventually they do.
And at point Steve is making that he's terminally paranoid, although he didn't put in those
terms about his wife having a good, a close male friend.
And all these other paranoid and secure people are calling him, which I thought kind of interesting.
I'm not going to show, it's fascinating.
Basically saying the same thing.
What do you mean he's still there?
The same guy?
Oh, it's a mobile.
Oh, I went into a panic.
I thought maybe that same guy was still on the phone.
Are you a mobile?
Yep.
Okay.
Hey, what are you saying?
I think there's more than one bird taking a bath away.
The Orioles are playing, huh?
Well, what can I tell you?
It's been a lot of fun, but we'll see how long it lasts.
Good thing is how many days you're going to go on about this?
About what?
Putting the bird back in his place.
How many as long as I want to?
Well, it's your show, like you said.
That's right.
Anyway, when you go to Chicago?
Tomorrow afternoon.
All right, you have a good time up there.
First of all, let me ask you a question.
How long did, in fact, I only brought that up as a response to the caller.
Yeah.
Didn't the caller bring that up?
Yeah, absolutely.
Oh.
Well, that's because you're a deep ag.
And you brought it up?
Well, only because I know you don't have to go about eight shows about it.
We all got the point already.
No, I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I think there are a lot of people out there who think that, like the one idiot says that
I don't like him and I want to get rid of him.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
Well, the good time is.
It's like I feel like I've been let out of jail.
Don't you understand?
Yeah, I do.
But the half the audience are more on it, like you said.
Well, I think you're being generous.
Well, what can you do?
Anyway, have a great show, Neil.
I just want to say, Jerry, you're a douchebag.
OK.
Thanks, Neil.
See you.
Excellent call.
OK, 1021 at W.I.D.
What was I talking about before he started in there?
I was talking about something.
Sally and the, oh, yeah, Harry and Sally and the Bridget and douchebag.
And the lobster, lady.
See, that's another one of the differences between Reneerie and King.
Is that Mike's got a sense of humor.
Anyway, Seattle, I really don't want to do another number on Steve for four hours today.
Do I?
I do?
Well, I got to be honest with you.
It's tempting.
It really is tempting because he just so frustrating.
He's one of those people he just like to look in the eye and say, you need a spanking.
Of course, he probably liked that knowing how kinky he is.
But just frustrating.
You can't tell him anything.
You won't listen.
He's stubborn.
And of course, Sharon has been through that boy.
I really, I sympathize with her.
Now I understand those closed door meanings they have in the facts machine room there when
they close there is screaming and yelling and ripping paper out of the facts machine and
having an nervous breakdown.
I just, because she tries to steer them in the right direction in the harder she steers
to one direction, the harder he pulls in the opposite.
But anyway, I just can't believe all these paranoid insecure people who are so terrified
of their spouse or their girlfriend or boyfriend having a friend of the same sex.
I just, I can't believe how insecure it's like you own somebody like you want to put them
away in an ivory tower somewhere and just separate them from anybody else who might be
a threat.
Seems to me that's a very unhealthy kind of attitude.
Of course, I don't know one of these people who comes on here does amateur psychology because
I'm not qualified to do it.
But that never stopped some other people.
I Sally Jessie, for example, counselor without portfolio.
I wonder how many of you people if you were looking for a doctor and you looked in the
yellow pages and there was an ad in it said, Joe Schwartz, position without degree.
Okay, would you call like that?
Would you go there for an exam?
If you need an attorney, if you had like life and death situation in court and you need
that attorney, would you look at the yellow pages and look for Harry Spiegel attorney
without degree, you know, without qualification?
And that's what Sally Jessie is and she comes on here and here these desperate people
crying and ready to blow their brains out and like in two minutes she gives them this
hot-eyed, half-assed answer and then the music starts playing in the background.
Well, I'm so sorry, but I certainly wish you the best of luck and it clicked, you know,
and you can just envision them on the other end of the phone, splitting their wrist with
blood running down the phone cord and Sally sitting there with her glasses wondering what
planet she's on, you know, just incredible.
That whole business, to me that's like psychics.
These people give personal advice over the radius like the biggest Charlton game in the
history of mankind and a lot of you people of course are suckers.
You're idiots and you call these schleppers on a radio and you want advice.
But anyway, it was a good topic but then it got to the point where it became depressing
because there were a lot of people calling in who were just, it sounded like Sally's show
at one point where it's on your freedman and boy, it got morbid.
All these people with their problems and there's some of them sounded like they were about
to break into tears.
I just couldn't deal with it.
Here's another mobile.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
You're going to Chicago.
Yeah, how long you going to be there?
Through Sunday, all the while we can.
I have a suggestion for you.
I don't know if you've ever eaten their place called Morton.
Great.
It's on Rush at Oak.
It is without a doubt the bent steak, sand or lobsters in town.
Let's start with those lobsters again because Rineria lose it in the other room.
I'm telling you, it's a fantastic place.
You they had one down here in Fort Lauderdale but it doesn't compare it to the original.
It's absolutely wonderful.
Okay.
It's more strongly suggested.
Great.
I have a wonderful idea.
I think that's all I'm going to do.
I'm just going to go to the Cubs Games, go to Sportsman's Park and in between I'm going
to eat.
I mean Chicago is the best.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Now, actually I'm not going to go back on Nutriest system.
My timing in my life is so bad and now they're dragging me off to Chicago.
And I don't want to sound ungrateful about getting to see the Cubs in the Met because that's
a chance of a lifetime.
I've never been to Rigglyfield.
I'm a nut come fan.
And so I think most of you should know by now.
I mean just obsessed by a toy that's show on Friday.
I just haven't got any idea what's going on.
Let me tell you about you.
We're just having a great day.
Everybody's in the mood.
They're going to call in and tell me what to talk about and what not to talk about.
I got new.
See it's not only for the bird.
It's the same goes for the audience too.
I'm going to talk about whatever day I want to talk about.
If you don't like it, get lost.
Okay.
Boy, how have I wimped out so badly over these pants?
And go on vacation and I come back and now I have an opportunity to really kind of like
reassess life.
You know what I'm saying?
To reassess everything from the show to everything right down the line.
And boy, when you just sit back and you let people kind of overrun you, you've got to be
nuts.
You've got to be crazy.
Speaking of crazy, there is an amazing article in the Aherald Trey E on a radio page
again today.
Boy, the Aherald is so on top of what's happening in this market that it's almost
frightening.
Okay.
Lordes, I'm sure Lordes is a wonderful young lady and I've spoken to her in the past.
But she has an article that says, New Signal and Style bring competition to country format.
And the first part is about this new station in Kilargos.
Just what we need is another station in the market, WKLG and a Go in Country and are raising
their signal and the operations manager.
What is he?
But whatever the guy is, he is the former station manager for WDNA.
The community station.
Remember WDNA that has like 10 watts and blind mic you to have a show on there and play
those jingles?
And then there's a thing in here about WFPL and the new format change which is going on
this week.
And it includes a little blur.
I guess this is the same stuff we read on the year only with an incredible misprint.
The 11 p.m. to 3 a.m.
Norman Elliott Kent.
It says, The May this hell and I'm not going to take it anymore talk show host with guest
and open phones.
I'm supposed to say I'm mad as hell.
I'll opt Howard Beal from network but it says I'm made as hell.
So your personal made Norman Elliott Kent will be hosting 11 to 3 on WFPL.
That incredible.
Are you made as hell norm?
I probably had a bad day in mortissory baseball yesterday.
Troy on the bat line.
Is this the real Troy?
Yes, this is him.
I can't believe it.
Did you guys ever get an apartment?
No.
Still not.
Are you serious?
Yeah, you got to help us out.
Well, listen, if you're coming out tomorrow, we've got a lot of food coming in here.
You guys tomorrow's Todd's last day, right?
Yeah, thanks.
Are you coming in with him?
Yeah, you don't mind.
If I don't mind.
Yeah.
Now, you got to be kidding me.
That was one of the great hours in the history of radio, wasn't it?
No, but I think it was.
Did you have a good time in here?
I had a great time.
Nobody molested you, right?
Nobody molested.
I mean, some people may have thought about it but nobody did.
Right.
And you got out of here unscathed and, well, listen, maybe tomorrow will really work on
getting you guys a place to live.
Okay, good.
Now, what I don't understand is where have you been living up to now?
Well, I've never buried.
I mean, we've received this right now with me in the paper.
Wait a minute.
In other words, you've been living on campus.
Yeah.
Oh, I got you.
And now you like want to, like, birds you want to get out on your own and fly, right?
Exactly.
And I can relate to it, yeah.
You need to spread my way.
You kind of crab in my style, you know?
Yeah, I hear that.
Yeah.
Well, listen, that's great.
So tomorrow we've got Armajillo Cafe is coming with food.
So we'll have lunch for you guys.
You can come in.
We'll get you guys in a part.
Minipeds the last thing we do.
It'll be tedious and fond, riskable work on it.
I'll say what I got to go trade.
I got to trade cars today.
So maybe I'll stick my head in the door and write, you know, just wave at you.
So I'm great and take your clothes off.
It's the way I don't know.
Or something like that, you know, great.
Well, listen, we'll look for you.
Okay, great.
See you.
Bye.
Fine.
That's Troy from Todd and Troy, which is a new morning team on the magic.
Finally, it's a 10 30 at WI of D and we have an open line in Brown.
Why do I say we have an open line?
We haven't started taking calls yet.
Have we?
We just took some mobile calls.
Is it a little warm in the building?
Perhaps I don't want to say, yeah, just a hair.
I don't want to go crazy because you know, Mitch from production will be in.
He'll turn down about 40.
Let's say, yeah, it's maybe a couple of degrees.
That should pass if I'm down to 68.
That should come down.
He turns it down about 40 though.
And I can't deal with it.
That man has got some serious problems.
So anyway, we hope you enjoyed hearing from Troy there.
I mean, I know it's not the adorquer lady and it's not Robin, but it's the best I can do.
Okay.
That's the, these are the kind of people who are attracted to this show.
These young, great looking, hot young guys.
Okay, here's a Power 96 spy report.
And by the way, I want to congratulate Gary Stein at the Sun Sentinel for really taking a great shot at Power 96.
What a cheap stunt.
That's what he calls it with the Oliver or.
Yes, he's doing it now.
Oh, is that what it was going to be?
That's what it is.
Well, that's okay.
It was a perfect lead in for you.
I think that's really funny.
I like Tanner's statement.
You know, these people are big on the North supporters.
Yeah, well, you talk about pandering to the Cuban community, man.
Oh, God.
Tanner's got some nerve talking about hot 105 or anybody else in their ethnic audience.
He is the worst.
He's a worse panderer than even a herald.
And that's almost impossible.
$150,000 that I'll ignore on the morning show.
Yeah, like I'm sure he's going to come down here just to, um,
Pandered a Tanner's right wing audience.
Oh, he's such a talent.
Yeah.
Great job.
Hey, he's like, you know, the next, you know, next to God.
He might, he might show up at the Minuto concert.
Oh boy.
That might be great.
If I heard Reneerie take-ins, I'm sure it's at the Minuto concert this morning.
If you don't want the tickets, I'll take them.
You know, I mean, just to see what it's all about.
Yeah, right now.
Yeah.
Oh, you.
Okay.
Well, I just want to know if you're going to regret that, Jerry Stein.
Yeah.
Hey, listen, we're so on top of it here this week.
Do you have no idea?
Yeah, I like to kiss my feet.
I'm a hero's for.
You want?
Well, in the article, it says, uh, it's called the Oli 89.
Kiss my feet.
I'm a hero's for.
Oh, yeah.
That's pretty funny.
It is hysterical.
Oh, yeah.
Well, listen, maybe what they put him in jail, it'll solve the problem.
They should have.
I know.
Okay.
Have a great day.
1033 at WIOD, we do have it open-lined and browored now.
It's starting to cool off a little bit in here.
Let us start.
Boy, Sharon is usually so with it and so together.
She comes in here and she starts.
Oh, is this Oli North?
Or Roger's got a cart for everything, you know?
He's got carts with people who haven't been born yet.
I never, ever heard about belly buttons.
Really?
Well, maybe George Bush ought to take him and sit him on his knee and give him a little lesson
or something, huh?
Boy, that kid at Oli North, man, just in the twilight zone.
Here's a call from our favorite city, ladies and gentlemen, Homestead.
Good morning, now.
Yes, sir.
Now, the first time called it before I make my statement, I'd like to say that I appreciate the
attendance and the courteousness of your producer.
He's really on the ball.
Well, whatever you say.
No, Roger, that's a great job.
I just did not show just the way you said that.
We're a little bit nervous.
No, I'm serious.
He really is attentive.
The reason I call it attentive?
First is my first time calling.
The reason I'm calling is because I appreciate the entertainment, qualities of the show,
the light-heartedness, the tongue-in-cheek aspects of it all.
It's fun.
It's nothing heavy.
And then you mentioned DM right off the bat, and it got me thinking a cane before you even
mentioned his name.
Oh, no, you're not going to sell ripping him off?
Yeah, I have to.
Okay.
Thank you.
Wait a minute.
I got a card for that, too.
So we'll have next Thursday.
Okay.
Go ahead.
You know, I'm perfectly content with Steve having his own show, as long as he stays on it,
and I don't listen to it.
I resent the fact that he comes on your show and those commercials and then sits in your
studio and irritates the hell out of me, so they're like, you know who's fault that is, though?
What's that?
Mine.
I wish it stopped.
It's part of the...
No, I didn't encourage him, but it's part of the same syndrome.
In fact, somebody I don't want to mention to you in any of these, but somebody in the building yesterday
asked me when I walked out, how come you didn't kick him out of the studio?
Good idea.
And it is a good idea, because let's face it, we don't...
We just...
Like I said, there's certain people over the years that I've done crossovers with that I kind of like
relate to.
You know what I'm saying?
In other words, I have a lot of things in common and I relate to them, and Stan was a good friend of mine,
but I didn't usually stick around because I don't know, it just...
There just wasn't the chemistry.
It was to a certain degree, but not great.
But Bill Calder and I, I hate to keep mentioning this because he's on QAM now,
doing mornings and I don't want to get Renéry upset.
But, although I love that promo, that Comfune Western promo, that's the Renéry Cudd,
which is just a stab at Calder, was great.
But Bill and I, he's got a great sense of humor and we just had a certain rapport,
and that's why I used to hang out on the show, not because I didn't have anything to do,
or I didn't eat any sleep, but it just worked out, it was fun, and it was funny.
Steve is not funny, okay?
I mean, when he's doing his good shows, he can be great entertainment, but he's not funny at all.
Is ammo carries into your program because he tries to talk over you?
Yeah.
Well, that's gonna stop.
Okay.
As of they trust me.
I'm building, in fact, my wrist is getting firmer as you speak.
But have a great day.
You too.
Okay. Now, he's right. He's absolutely right.
See, when I do something right, I'm not saying this to try to be Mr. Humble,
because that's, you know, then it sounds even worse.
But if I do something wrong or something that flops, I'm not beyond saying, hey, this is dying, I'm not gonna do it.
Like the lightning round, okay? It's a classic example.
That was a real hot thing for a while, but it ran its course. Trust me. Believe me.
It got to the point. It was horrible.
It was awful. It wasn't entertaining. It wasn't funny. It was garbage.
And I got rid of it.
And, but there are some people who are just so intractable and so stuck in their ways,
and who are just like horses with blinders on, man, and you just can't get to them.
You just can't get through to them.
And like I said at the beginning of the show, I'm gonna stop, because it is Steve's show,
and it's more power to him, and he'll rationalize it away. Find eight million reasons to continue with the abortion thing.
I don't care if it's a lead story on the news every day. The fact is, I mean,
Nick Orog will be the lead story in the news every day too, and yet he, just as I did,
used to criticize some of the right-wing talk hosts for being obsessed with Nick Orog will talk about nothing else, okay?
So just the fact that it's in the newspaper doesn't mean that especially the demographics
that we're looking for want to hear it every day, or once a week, even.
We have an open light and browned and one in Bokka. I just mentioned that in case,
I mean, don't feel like a lot of pressure is building on you.
We want to tell you about Toyota of Hollywood Movie.
They say that the birds of Lyre. The birds of Lyre. The birds of Lyre.
The birds of Lyre. The birds of Lyre. The birds of Lyre. The birds of Lyre.
The birds of Lyre. The birds of Lyre. They are good to hear.
They say the birds of Lyre. The birds of Lyre. The bird's of Lyre.
Could you hear it? Can you hear the CD just barely?
Because I would just play a little tom Doolian in the background.
Make it MY own thing.
Just briefly because Rineri mentioned it this morning.
Well, that's right. It was the birthday of one of the Kingston trio. Which one was it?
Oh no, you couldn't hear the CD. Well, I'll be damned.
Next one tells the story of Mr. Grayfield.
Level is pretty low, isn't it, Ron? Beautiful woman.
I've got to cranked up wine here. While that's the way it goes, we don't want to start because any engineers will come in.
And that's the last thing I need today.
Anyway, it's 1041 at WIOD.
What was I just going to get into here? I had something like life and death important and I got to let myself get side track.
Can't believe I did that.
Okay, let's just continue with the calls. It'll come back. West Palm Beach, oh.
Yeah, Neil. Yeah. How you doing, big guy? Great.
How? That's good. Listen, you know, for years I've listened to you and I'm just recently leaving my respect for you.
Great. And the reason is I hope you won't come to short.
No, no problem. Go ahead. I'll give you at least a half hour.
Okay, for a couple of reasons.
Yes.
Number one, when you were away, the bird really stuck up for you and he showed his allegiance and solidarity.
Yeah, solidarity.
Again, the people who were trying to, you know, give you a little shot. If you're a lawyer, right?
Well, we're going to send him over to do a show in Poland, as a matter of fact. So that's really good.
Well, anyhow, I'll just apply to you, bashing him.
I'm not bashing him. I'm expressing, no, wait a minute. You want to have a conversation?
Yes, sir. All I'm doing is expressing the way I feel about my own show.
Okay, can I do that?
You're out of control.
Well, do I have to ask your permission and his permission to express it? I'm not saying anything different
from when he was here sitting right in that chair, which I've said a thousand times.
That's true, but it's the way you go about it in your mannerism and also the surprise that you did the bad Joey Reynolds off the air.
I mean, you really ripped him heavily when he first came on. You were threatened by his, uh, his intrusion in the air.
What the hell are you talking about?
Well, when Joey ripped him off the air?
Well, you badmouthed Joey pretty good there and initially ran the surprise.
What do you mean off the air? How do you know what I said off the air?
Oh, no, I'm saying I'm saying that you ripped him on the air and eventually drove him off the air.
No, it didn't drive him off the air because in other words, oh, geez, this is another one of these guys who thinks the audience will listen to whatever I tell them to.
Well, you're a man. I carry a lot of weight around it.
A lot of weight. You're right. I'm trying to get rid of some of it. Okay. I'm like a male Debbie L. Is so, okay?
Yes. How many pounds have you lost the bitch?
No, no, no. Let's not go on to how many pounds I've lost. Don't try to change the subject now.
Okay. Well, I drove Joey Reynolds off the air.
Well, you did badmouth.
I'm going to tell you something. Joey Reynolds did a... I like Joey. He's a great guy, but he didn't have any show at all, okay?
He had numbers that were so fractional. How come I didn't drive all the other morning people off the air?
Well, you particularly invented heavy...
Oh, I see. Like we didn't talk about Budell.
Yeah, you did, but you did it in a nice way.
In a nice way.
We did, but we chose.
You made places and people in times that he...
It's 20 years ago that he was pretty hard on people.
And that was all in the past.
It was pretty hard on people. He only wishes he could be that hard again, sir.
Well, that's true. I guess...
You know, when I lived in Lightning Round last week, when somebody said you buzzed me if you followed me, that's it. That was a cute thing.
Yeah, we've had... That was real original. We've only had it about 30 times.
Well, someone... One of my friends told me the other day about it.
Right. Well, I hope that got you excited. Did you get excited about that?
Well, that's it.
Did you start trembling and, huh?
I thought it was kind of cute.
And what did I do after he said it?
You buzzed it.
I hit the buzzer right.
You can...
Because I wanted to make him happy. I didn't want to disappoint him.
Listen to you all provide a lot of entertainment.
No question about it. And it's obvious that this feels a huge void in your life, doesn't it?
It'd be a surprise. It takes a lot of time out of my day.
Well, that's good. But you're well worth it.
Well, I'm glad. You'll see you're... You have mixed feelings in other. We're just kind of a love-hate relationship.
Yeah, it's where else you can...
How old are you? How old are you, sir?
I'm 35.
I'm 35. Well, you're a lot too old anyways, so don't worry about it.
How old do I sound?
No, you sound like about 27.
27, thank you.
Isn't that nice?
You can say...
I'm not trying to butter you up or kiss your ass, but you sound younger than 35.
Well, thank you very much.
And you also sound old enough to know better than make this insipid call.
Or that's true. Listen, I...
Have you want to apologize for the shot at the beginning of the call?
Well, I don't want to see you hurt the bird like you do.
Hey, you know what's true?
The bird, okay? The bird... Listen, let me say something to you in all honesty, okay?
In all honesty.
The man is making serious money, okay?
I mean serious money to come in here and sit and eat and read the paper and...
...and shut up.
Now, would you like a job like that for four hours a day?
It's infrequently.
Okay.
It's unbelievable.
And it seems like you two are walking for four hours a day.
You get a free lunch and you're making double six figures.
It's remarkable.
That's correct, and I'm not complaining about it.
I know, I think it's great.
Okay.
Listen, have a good time and keep it up.
If you need a long good luck to you.
Call Joey, he's doing well.
All right, keep it up.
He's saying dollars money. See ya.
All right.
Wow, 10.45 at WIDC.
He's another one of those guys.
Didn't really mean it, but he wanted to give me a hard time.
Because it's more exciting than somebody calling him kissing your butt.
I don't like butt kisses.
See, there's a difference between somebody calling in and saying, hey, really enjoy your show.
And then they go right on.
I mean, there's nothing wrong with that.
I don't have any problem with that.
But when somebody calls in and doesn't have anything else to say and just calls into
and grace you at themselves with a host and just kiss as to the point where their lips are inverted,
then you've got a different story.
Okay, it's not interesting radio.
It's boring.
In fact, it's embarrassing.
Like several of those calls I heard yesterday afternoon.
Boy, just embarrassing.
And this coming from a guy who's all off, you hate me calling in if you disagree.
The first guy who called in and really disagreed was, I'll never forget that call yesterday.
It was in a mobile phone and a guy disagreed on this topic.
Which is like I said, it was an interesting topic about people being paranoid about their wife having a
close male friend or vice versa.
And the guy disagreed and boy, Steve, he went from a very low register from just talking calmly,
to screaming and yelling and getting hysterical and hung up on the guy and attacked him because the guy disagreed.
And I think quite frankly, the guy had a good point.
I mean, if you're that insecure in your relationship, boy, you've got a real problem, okay?
Now, I realize I'm hardly an expert in that category, but just being objective and looking at it from the outside.
If you're that insecure, then you just, I think perhaps it reflects something about you,
whoever the person may be.
You know what I mean? See?
Here's a mobile on eight. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Great. Just one comment I wanted to make.
I've been listening yesterday and today I'm one of those people that calls maybe once or twice a month,
but listen pretty regularly.
It's good to hear you talk the way that you do because I think people are losing sight of one major thing.
When you were over at INC, I started to listen to Sam because you were there and I happened to like it.
When you came over to IOD, I listened to King because he followed you and I didn't like it.
Why I don't like him is academic. I just don't like him and don't listen to him.
And I think a lot of people are losing sight of the fact that this is the Neil Rogers program.
Exactly. And if they don't like it, they don't like the Neil Rogers program.
If you go into a store and you don't like which there, you don't go back.
You don't go up to the manager and start to say, start changing your stock and change this.
And change that way. Exactly. Very good analogy.
And that's all I wanted to say. I happen to like you because whether I agree with you or disagree with you,
I do listen to you and find you entertaining and whether you're talking about it.
Don't go too far because then you'll be a butt-cissist.
But that's the only thing I wanted to say.
I like Glenn. I think Glenn is great, but it's not the Glenn Hegel show.
I think Glenn is a wonderful playoff to you.
But it is your show and the reason the ratings are so high and the reason people listen is because it is your show.
And no matter what you're doing, it's the personality that's entertaining.
And that's the way it's going to be. So take control back if you feel that you have to keep up the work.
And there's a whole bunch of us out here listening that love it and that's all I have to say.
Thank you. Thank you.
Okay. Real butt-cissist. But he was a good guy, but a tremendous butt-cissist right there.
We were talking, let's see. That's the card that Nick got out yesterday that the guy was talking about.
I don't go for that. Okay. It's not Neil Rogers and Glenn Hegel.
Okay. It's the Neil Rogers show with the bird. Right? That's what it is.
Now, Boy Geary evidently orchestrated or scripted that particular book.
Because, certainly, Scott wouldn't make that up as he goes along as they write it out for him.
So even in the building inside, some people are beginning to lose perspective of who show it is. Okay.
It's 1048. It was taking the day off today. Glenn Hegel is in.
WI-O-D in the Palm Beach. The opinions expressed by the hosts, guests or scholars, are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Glenn Hegel on New Stock Radio 610, WI-O-D.
It's going to be hot. We want to come from here.
Okay. It's 1049. 11 before 11.
You know, I know that the people who hate my guts who listen religiously every day are saying, well, see the minute friends go on, he's paranoid, he's jealous, he's insecure.
It's got nothing to do with it. What it has to do with it.
For how a Johnny Carson feel if he sat down after his monologue, you said, or even during his monologue, you started talking and McMahon from the sidelines who's busy with his divorce right now, but evidently had time to butt in and started interrupting and saying, hey, we don't want to talk about that tonight. That's boring.
How long do you think that would last? Okay.
The Clyde, the Budweiser Clydesdale's would be dragging it off in a sleigh. Okay.
Never to be seen again. It's 10 before 11 at WI-O-D.
How about those Cubs, huh? Another incredible game last night. See, I can say that now I don't have to put up with any crap.
And then Mitch Williams came in, boy, and it looked for sure like they were going to blow that game, especially when he brought in chiralty in the 7th inning.
Calvin chiralty, I'm sure is a wonderful guy. Never still afraid train, but boy, he is just deadly.
Deadly. He comes in and always walks the first guy. I mean, no matter what the situation, he walks the first guy.
But I don't want to go into detail because some of you people are really good upset, especially the women out there, right? You're the ones that hate the sports, am I correct?
Also, I heard another incredible thing I learned on the cane show yesterday. Steve said, you know, well, that's Neil Sticky.
Rips everybody, even his friends. He said, Hank Goldberg is his best friend and even Rips Hank on a year. Hank is my best friend. I hardly know Hank.
Okay. I've seen Hank in my life maybe 10 times. I run into him with the track. I consider him a friend, but only in the sense of like in the business kind of friend.
And we work together here. I don't ever see Hank. I had lunch with him once, and that's when he sat here in the studio,
and we picked out on the birds birthday that day. But according to Steve again, Hank is my best friend.
Well, you get some great information. That's sure no question about it.
Traffey, I've always said there's a lot to be said for consistency. And one thing about this place, man, it is so consistent.
For example, one another thing I did learn on Steve's show yesterday. There was a promo that they played for a new thing that Chuck Meyer is doing on Saturday morning.
And I don't remember the name of it, but nobody has, we don't have a memo about it. Nobody has told us about it.
We could be talking about that. Okay. But we know nothing about it. They're always talking about cross promotion and promoting the rest of the radio station.
Is it on there? Or it's on here now? Where? Oh, yeah. It's the bottom of the page. Yeah. I don't even ever read that stuff. Okay.
The 6, 10 weekend magazine gets underway this Saturday. Well, first of all, none of us have any idea what that is because nobody's talked to us about it.
They are so lax, man, they cannot communicate in this building. They cannot communicate. It's like hitting miz. It's like people pass each other in a hallway. Oh, by the way, don't forget where we're selling the building tomorrow morning at 3.
We're going to be broadcasting from the highest starting next Monday. I mean, with all the paperwork and all the memos and all the 85 names at the bottom of every page, you know, you think that somebody would know what was going on.
Anyway, Chuck Meyer. By the way, we are really very pleased to have Chuck Meyer here at WIB. He is an outstanding news guy. Sounds great on the air. He's a good guy.
And he's a real honesty, goodness news person, which is frightening. Okay. And anyway, what does it say? Chuck Meyer brings you latest news, whether in sports plus updates and what's happening in South Florida.
And that starts this Saturday from 6 to 10 a.m. Now, what does that replace? That replace the plant guy or the plant guy and whatever else?
Wait a minute. And the antique guy. Oh, that's all great. Well, I see I told you some good things are finally happening, but it would be nice if they would tell us, you know what I'm saying? So we could talk about it on the air since we have this gigantic humongous audience.
Most of whom think that the weekends have been embarrassing on WIOD and will be delighted to know that at least there's going to be something a little bit different.
Now, if they can just get rid of those awful and stupid tapes that they keep running like Saturday from 10 to 2, then we'll have something. Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I like to make I guess three statements on this subject. The first one I think now maybe Steve knows how Joseph Gackie felt when he did that show ripping him. Remember? Yeah, he did. He did a whole show ripping. I've forgotten that. I guess the shoes on the other foot.
Well, no, but you see now you're playing into his hands. Oh, I wasn't ripping him personally. All I was doing and I said it right to his face when he came in here was repeating what we've said all the time. Only more emphatically in the audience was calling in and discussing it that these chronic guests, the Ellis Rubens and the Bob Kunst of the world are a tune out. Okay, I believe that nobody will ever convince me otherwise. And the abortion thing is terminal terminal. Now I agree with you. But what I meant is he's he's starting to get the same effect.
It didn't start the same way, but he's starting to get the sort of the same feeling that perhaps the Gackie had when maybe when the whole thing happened. Another thing you got a caller who I guess it was a mobile caller. That you said that you made the statement about kissing ass until the lit turn. Right. Yeah. Two days came to my mind at that time. Rick, we were in to Robbie, but I don't know. Oh Jesus, you know, you're going to start on a whole new idea. I'm not going to
debate that point, but I mean, let's see. I'm going to leave it at that ease up a little bit. Okay. And last thing is, can you imagine this? Steve came coming up for a conversation. Hello, this is Steve came for Burger King doing the rest of the thing. I somehow I missed it. I don't get it. Well, he does all the pro all his promos for restaurants and he tries to make the listener drool. No, he doesn't he does a great job on working with the
restaurant. He does. He does a very effective job on restaurant spot. Well, I mean, we have a lot more restaurants on the show, but that's another story. No, no, he really does. I don't know when John want to do place. I like it. Well, no, well, that one, I mean, listen, what can he do for that place? Okay. When you're doing a subpar second rate,
substandard rip off imitation place, there's not much you can do for that, but ball always helping him. He's getting a more business. So that's quite an accomplishment. Yeah, well, he's accomplishing what they want. I would say that's almost a miracle. In that case,
yeah, okay, I enjoy your show. Have a great day. I can see him. Okay, there's a guy wants to rip everybody. I don't like these guys. I want to rip people. Okay. We have an open line indeed at 75. That's another thing. I really, I find amusing yesterday. Well, he doesn't rip people. Of course, that's what the show is. That's about 80% of the show. It's just a radio show. I rip stand on the show all the time. I see that he had no show, which of course is true. But I mean, I rip it. He's a great friend of mine. Okay. But he doesn't. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not
sure. I'm not sure.
at six o'clock and then Yankee's at Cleveland Yankee Baseball, I guess at 730.
No time on here, but we assume right around 730 for those who are desperate enough to
give it a shot.
Henry Barrow's got the 11 o'clock news and we'll be back at 1105.
Or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach.
Other areas make all collapse.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station.
Now here's Neil Rogers on New Stock Radio 610 WIOD.
Oh, is this going to be some weekend boy?
It's going to be great.
Anyway, it's 1105 already.
Look at this and here we are back again.
Just like a bad dream that keeps recurring and coming back over and over again.
Okay, and all you people out there that called in Steve yesterday were whining like infants
like little children.
I know everyone of you is listening right now.
Okay, so get your rattle and your pale and your shovel and have a marvelous day.
I'll use to stand up to him Steve.
He used to be so great.
I guess that one young Latin guy that called and sounded like a fairly intelligent, rational
guy who was making all those comments.
I guess his machismo was somehow being threatened.
You know how fragile the macho images of Latin young guys are.
And I guess his ego, his macho ego was being threatened by the fact that he perceived
that Steve was wimping out.
And look at this.
Here's Wayne Arnold again with those little burgers.
I'm going to try to restrain myself because rings plus and Arnold's are both coming in
here today.
In fact Wayne is here right now.
I'm just going to have to be real careful about, you know, because I'm going back on
neutral system when you do understand that, don't you?
You made it real simple.
Where your locale is at it.
Okay.
It's 1107 at WIOD.
Well, this is going to require such incredible wheel power.
He's just got boxes and boxes.
And ice for the soda.
Boy, you're a hell of a guy.
Wayne, you just continue, in fact, in January the other day.
The whole crowd in the morning was just going nuts.
He brought in an up breakfast for the Soviet troops in Europe.
Okay.
I mean, it was just incredible.
Thank you Wayne.
To get it exactly.
To get it cleaned up or else.
See, I told him the same thing and they laughed at me.
We had little Tommy Denemberd was working feverishly to make sure we're trying to get
him to clean up his act too.
Okay.
7 past 11 WIOD.
Steve has open phones just afternoon.
My best friend in the World Hankelberg on Sports Talk, Yankee Baseball at the Indian
730.
Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes.
How you doing?
Great.
What is without the bird?
It's fantastic.
Hey, I'm having a great time.
I mean, you know, I guess we all need to change a pace every now and then.
Absolutely.
No more cackling.
No more trot.
Oh, no, no.
The cackling I enjoy.
I mean, I'm why I disagree with you on that.
I like the cackling.
That's what he does best and that's what we pay him for.
Throwing things against the walls.
No, that I don't like.
That I'm not.
I mean, once in a great while, see what it used to be fun is it used to happen only once
in a very great while and he'd lose it and he'd start throwing things and get red in
the face.
And that was funny.
It was really funny as hell like the day Alan came in on Zeta in the morning show.
Yeah.
And he just went nuts and it was funny.
But when it starts happening every day because he's losing it and getting silly, then it's
just, it doesn't make it.
It really, really.
Thank you, Wayne.
It really gets pathetic.
Yeah, pathetic is the word.
Come on now, guys.
You want the newsroom is looking because they know I'm not supposed to be eating these.
Right, you know, I think I got maybe a little suggestion of what we could do if he gets
a little out of hand, you know.
Maybe we could send him over to Steve one day.
What's that?
Maybe we could send him over to Steve's show one day.
Yeah, that would be interesting.
In fact, I think Steve does need a sidekick.
Okay, maybe we should take a poll on that and I could loan him out for a few months.
Yeah, then maybe he could go to Alan's.
No.
No, let's not do that to the birdies.
Still a good guy.
We don't want to do that to.
Well, you're only going to take one.
What's for him?
How many do you need?
You don't want any?
Oh, this jurid boy, you are just such a maniac, you know.
What you can do either, Mom?
He's just into these bananas.
Every time you look at him, he's got a banana in his mouth.
This guy is just saying, what are you, a monkey or a human?
Boys, you only Jewish monkey I've ever seen in my life.
Go ahead, sir.
I guess so.
You know, well, you know, it's nice to call up and you can talk about the cows or whatever
you want to talk about.
Exactly.
And I know I'm repeating it and it's getting repetitious and some people are starting to
puke all over themselves, but I just can't believe it.
Like I said, it's like being let out of death row and they just open up the door, say,
hey, we made a mistake, you're free and you're walking around on the streets and breathing
the fresh air and all of a sudden you realize how great it is.
Absolutely.
I can't sit here and fight with him every day for four hours every time I want to just
mend.
And then it can be like in the middle of the show in some really good colors, some nice
color out there, call in good intentions, good boys sounding like a human being, perfect
demographic.
And they'll call and say boy, that Mitch Williams, it's incredible 25, saying, and right,
well, geez, not now, not now.
Sports stuff begins at 6 o'clock.
It's all right in the face and purple and hysterical and hostile.
I don't want to talk about tennis.
That's right, but it's the Neil Rodgers show.
I don't give a damn about Gabriela Sabatini's boobs.
I don't care, okay?
That's right, but it's the Neil Rodgers show.
It's not the bird show.
I don't even give a damn about Steph on Edberg and whether he's a good looking or not.
I don't care what he looks like.
I just wish they'd take all that crap and give it, set it backward, came from.
Absolutely.
I was watching our Let Him in the other night and his wonderful baby was on.
Yeah.
He's nothing great.
No, he's really not.
He's really not.
In fact, that whole thing about boyish and goyish.
I don't understand what that means.
In other words, if I were so inclined, I mean, I can see a beautiful woman from a mile
away, okay?
I can spot beautiful people no matter what they happen to be.
And she's okay, but she's got breasts like cum quads, I would say.
I mean, really not all that great.
And she's like a little boy.
She definitely looks like a boy.
I'll tell you.
I don't know.
Anything great about her or anything like that.
No.
But I mean, you could go in a broward mall and sit there in the food court in a half an
hour, see 50 much more attractive young women than Phoebe Kates without even trying
to look hard.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Okay, well, that's going to have a wonderful life and we'll survive.
Okay.
Now, see you.
Okay, it's 11 past 11 at W.I.O.D. I haven't yet opened any of these.
And he's got two boxes of these little cheeseburgers sitting here.
I don't know whether to scream or eat a banana, you know what?
Now Jared would bring his banana back in here.
That would solve my problem.
Anyway, it's 11.
Really?
I'm serious.
He thinks he's a monkey.
He's sitting those bananas all day.
I came in this morning.
He was done a cafeteria with a banana in his mouth.
The guy's incredible.
He's a monkey.
Okay, we have an open line in Palm Beach.
He got to be over a GTR, not on this station.
He got to be over the other animals here.
655 W.I.O.D. in Palm Beach.
Yes, please, Cheryl.
Would you please, you want to bake it or without?
Well, this is more draped than this.
But so you'll have one that's just got to meet in cheese, which is nice kosher sandwich
for an ice Jewish girl like you.
Here's a mobile collar and brown or vitamin.
You're still there, right?
See, I for Steve?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, well, I've fit right in.
Yeah.
I don't know what's going on any more than you do, sir.
I'll tell you what, you know, I listen to you to stand because of your show and then
I thought I was to this Steve because of your show, because it followed.
Never again, a guy.
You can never, you can't argue with a guy intelligently.
You can't be articulate with this guy.
Oh, you're the guy that called up yesterday.
Quite frankly, I thought you had a very good point.
I don't think you were being unreasonable and he jumped all over you and started screaming
about hysterical and hung up on you.
That wasn't rude to him and I wasn't raising my voice.
No, I think you had a very valid point and that is that anybody is so insecure that if
their wife has a male friend and you notice how it graduated from a friend in the beginning
to best friend, I don't think that was the point.
Obviously, the husband should be the best friend of the wife or vice versa.
You notice he never wanted to talk about, you know, he said this wasn't an issue of sex.
Okay, he never wanted to talk about the sex.
Well, of course it is.
And the point that I would want, if it weren't for the sexual part, then there wouldn't
be any paranoia.
That's right.
The point I was trying to make film is that in my current marriage, my wife doesn't like
my having relationships with women who I had a sexual relationship with before.
But if I didn't have a sexual relationship with them before, then that's fine.
Yeah, well, I can understand that.
That doesn't take a brain surgeon to figure that out.
No, I mean, you know, that's pretty, you know, it wouldn't matter if it was a man or
a woman.
I mean, you know, he must be so terribly insecure with you.
You have it, Emily.
He admitted so many things yesterday, you know, about that he cheated on Laurie and
he's talked about that.
He's been open about that.
Yeah, by me, I'm just saying, you know, which is fine, his honesty is admirable.
But the way he treats people, the rudeness and the end, yeah, he gets it.
Well, you know, listen, let me say this to you.
Very often there's a reason to do that.
Okay, like when he does it often and when I do it, I think all of the time there's somebody
provokes you into doing it.
But your call, I was kind of shocked because really all you were doing was disagreeing.
All right, well, the best defense is an offense like that, man.
But he just doesn't take, you know, if anyone has a point of view that's different than
he is, then he goes off on his crazy.
Well, it's his showster, like I said, he was an excellent politician and if he wants to
go down like the Titanic, that's up to him.
Okay, I'm not going to interfere.
Right.
And it's my choice not to listen to him anymore.
Okay, well, you will.
You'll be listening.
I will.
Yeah, you will.
Come on, you know, you will.
One of that.
Okay, well, we'll see.
I will because it's the waste of my time to be insulted that way.
Well, not that I'm taking it personally, man.
Listen, a little bit of masochism can't be all bad.
Yeah, well, you know, once in a while.
Okay, there you go.
Have a great day.
I say we finally brought him around a little bit.
He'll be listening every day.
It's 1119 to WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward and one in Palm Beach and we're trying.
I don't know.
This is kind of like a pre-leaving for Chicago.
I will be here tomorrow morning, but then tomorrow afternoon we're all leaving and I do
mean like almost everybody.
I have about 700 people going on this trip and it's going to be, I don't know.
They still have told me nothing.
I still don't know about anybody bringing coffee up there.
I mentioned to Cheryl, who's Disney Secretary, who's just a wonderful person.
I mean, Cheryl, that is.
I said, does anybody thought about it and I rattled off all these different things?
And like nobody is even thinking about it.
Because first of all, they don't understand what it takes to do the show anyway.
So that, you know, as far as the spots, they'll probably bring a log and then they'll
think, well, Neil's got all the coffee.
Well, Neil don't have coffee.
It's all in this file.
So Laura's going to have to make copies of all of this or we're going to have to put
the book together.
Something's going to have to happen.
But nobody is thinking about these things.
Now, little Tommy Devinberg is thinking about him, which is why he's pacing the floor
nervously like he's about to give birth to an orangutan or something and he just having
a fit and he'll straighten them all out.
See, these are the people inside the building who straighten these problems out.
Not the upper level management because they haven't got a clue, not a remote idea as
to what it takes to do these shows, which is why they're in management.
Here's a mobile on the Palm Beach line.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
OK, on.
Wait a minute.
Can I ask you a question?
What?
What street are you driving on?
I'm a taxi driver.
You driving at 9.95?
Yeah.
And you got pillows or a phone book?
I don't actually.
I was my dad.
Oh, you were with your dad.
Is he enjoying your driving?
Yeah.
Good.
Well, your dad's a hell of a guy.
He's got a lot of guts.
Yeah.
How old are you?
Six.
Six?
Oh, that's no problem.
If you're a six man, you can drive in this town.
Six or a hundred and six.
No problem.
OK.
Have you got a beginner's license?
Yeah.
Very smart.
Great.
OK, so what's the question?
Did you see the mic?
I saw my face.
My face.
My face?
Yeah.
That Egyptian guy?
No, I don't watch boxing.
It's barbaric and disgusting and for morons.
I don't watch it.
Did you?
I don't know.
I know.
You watch it.
You can buy.
What?
What did he say?
Couldn't understand it where he was sent, which is a shame, because I think it was a
really intellectual call.
21 past 11.
I wasn't at the fight that lasted 30 seconds.
Huh?
Tyson won in 30 seconds.
Dr. Mott.
I didn't watch it.
I heard about it.
93 seconds.
Well, of course, in a fight like that, many of the people who have paid enormous money to
see the fight aren't even in their seats yet and they sit down and it's over with.
Can you imagine how pissed you would be if you'd span, of course, the tickets are incredibly
expensive and also at all these different places where they go in a pay in the different
theaters and so on.
And you pay like 50 or 20 or 100 bucks to get a great ticket right at ringside and you
sit down and it's over with.
Boy, I would be apoplectic.
I'd be hysterical.
It would be like going to the Cubs game and wriggling field on Friday after the show and
like it's the bottom of the first thing.
They say, well, we just changed the rules.
This is all we're playing.
The game's over.
Okay?
The meds got a run in the first inning and the game is over.
Some stupid thing like that.
Anyway, how about that?
Paul Kildges, huh?
What a shock.
Now, the guy who called in yesterday of little faith, that cup fan who assumed we were going
to lose last night, didn't I have a lot of faith in Togas?
Didn't I say there's no problem?
No, I didn't say that.
I said, forfeit.
Well, he pitched a pretty damn good ball game last night.
Now, Calvin Scheroldy, that was another story.
But we don't want to go into that because they won't get a call from Vegas on the bat
line.
And somebody we know will be having a nervous breakdown.
We still have that tape of his that he left you put this together before he went away.
You know, I never realized it being a little good, but it would be no complicated.
Well, get used to it.
23 past 11 a day wild.
Another one time.
Oh boy, 27 past 11.
I knew there was something we'd be missing in a long time, right?
It's got to be at least three days we haven't heard from douchebag down there in Kindle.
But of course, fill the inform today.
Here's Evans.
Hey, Leo, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I don't know if this is brought up or not.
But one of the things that I noticed, especially since your day to day is all the recognition
that you fought for here for Glenn.
You are trying to get him to be paid to go out to the bat.
You bet.
As a matter of fact, about a month ago, I told him that I'm not doing any more remotes
unless he's part of it unless he gets paid for it because he's part of the show.
Right.
Yeah.
So like, you, I don't want to sound like you know, Mr. Premadonna, but no, I have fought
for him.
No question about it.
You fought like crazy to get him to go out to the remotes.
Yeah.
It's been being part of it.
Well, after his performance at Toyota, Holly was last time.
I mean, out of the, but done the right thing, you know, I think some of that might have
gone to his head though.
I think that's like, you know, I like Glenn's great guy on and off the air.
You know, don't waffle now.
I mean, you have something to say.
And if you want to take a shot, go ahead.
Oh, sometimes I think I'm not going to defend himself anyway.
I just think that some of that once was had that he feels that, you know, he's a bigger
part of the show now than he was saying.
No question about him.
No question.
You know, that might have been, that might be part of the reason that he's like,
yeah, it starts to like personally control the show.
Yeah, it was funny when that, when he started throwing a fitted Zeta.
Yeah, the day that Alan was there, right.
But that was hysterical.
He would have been better.
It was kind of like a swimsuit, you know, it had been more meaningful on television
if you could have seen it.
Yeah, definitely was incredible.
You know, I don't know why he gets off trying to throw it.
He throws it instead every day when he talks about the Cubs or anything.
If somebody from upstate New York calls, oh, geez, I'm going to have to go through this.
And the fact is there happened to be, I hate to break the news to anybody,
but there happened to be a lot more people living in South Florida from upstate
in New York than there are from Lakeland.
Oh, yeah.
In addition to which I don't care if he's from Lakeland, it's not his show.
I mean, you know, here I am repeating these things again, but I tell him these things
on the air and off the air.
And it just, it isn't sinking in.
So I figure if why he's away, at least for a period of the show every day,
I rip him a little bit and convey this.
His good people like Johnny Dark, I'm sure, will be on the phone with him just to be
huddled together in conference.
And I hope so because he's a great guy, but I'm just trying to find some way to bring him back to Earth.
Yeah.
Somebody should play some case one from last year shows.
Well, I don't want to go there.
Well, no, it's, I mean, this time of year last year, every day when he came on,
every morning, you spent like the first half hour talking about the standings and you
went through all the baseball scores and who got injured and what's going on trade-wise.
You're not spending one third of the time on sports now as you did then and he wasn't
as early before.
Yeah.
Well, that's because like you said, he thinks that we're going to talk about what's of interest to him.
And he's going to kind of set the agenda for the show and that's never going to happen again.
Trust me.
And many ads to this thing about that turn both my fans into Nilees.
Really?
And I've got my bird saying I'm dying over you.
Your bird is speaking now.
My bird is speaking.
Well, don't let that get around the neighborhood.
So you have a nice day.
Okay.
To the point that I don't become ponderous.
Yeah, keep it short.
And I can relate to that, Evan.
That's right.
Okay.
It's nice talking to me.
See ya.
1130 at WIOD, we're kind of agonizing together here, setting the agenda for the rest of the human race.
And there's two little royal castle burgers.
I had two.
I'm, excuse me, reporting to you very well.
Listen, they're great.
Very honestly and very directly.
But I'm not having any more.
Okay.
That's it.
That's my lunch.
Now, was that pretty good when there were two boxes full?
And I made sure that everybody came in here and grabbed them up.
But there are two sitting here and they're going to start getting cold and mushy.
And that's going to really frost my ass because these are too good to go to waste.
Now, would you like any more?
You had your little bag, huh?
Well, I don't see any great run.
And then, of course, when Jared comes in from the newsroom and he gives me this round of events, he doesn't eat red meat.
I mean, that's embarrassing, okay?
Doesn't eat red meat.
Just eats bananas.
He just eats bananas and strawberries all day, I guess.
What an incredible guy.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward.
655 WIOD.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Oh, Willie.
Oh, Willie.
Oh, Willie.
Oh, Willie.
Willie.
Oh, Willie.
You're a great guy, Willie.
You're a great guy, Willie.
You're terrific.
There you go, Chuck.
No problem.
Please, please.
I'm begging you.
Get him out of here.
Okay, we do have an open line.
Indeed, we're a Captain Psychotic Justung up 751-9463-751-WIOD.
Fort Lauderdale.
Oh, that's your wrong one.
But I'll take you anyway, okay?
I think.
Oh, they're gone?
Like I said, see when you take your wrong one out of order.
That happens.
Miami, hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
I'm really jealous of how you got up to that Chicago for those three games.
I don't know if my nerves can handle it.
Oh, it's good.
I was wanting to watch on TV because you can kind of get up and walk out of the room and rent your hands.
But when you're sitting right there in a ballpark, if the games are like the last two nights, I don't know if I can deal with the whole weekend.
Oh, yeah.
It's going to be great, though.
If there's nothing like Great Lake Field, you've never been there before.
No.
It's fantastic.
A lot of great plays.
My sister used to know the ticket manager and he used to get a seat right up in front by the dog outs.
Dog Alice, remember him?
Sure.
I sure do.
He was fondling my niece's calf one night when she was about 13 years old.
Doc Ellis was fondling your little niece?
Yeah.
She had her foot up on the head of the dog out and he came by and reached over and was squeezing her calf.
Yeah.
He was a great comedian at Doc Ellis.
She went into shock.
She was not the same ever.
You haven't mentioned about going to Arlington Park while you're up there.
Well, no, we can't go to Arlington Park because we're going to go to all the Cubs match games.
We're all going to be afternoon games.
The Arlington runs any afternoon.
That's too bad because I understand they really put their playstack together.
Yeah.
Along the satellite, I see the racing from Arlington and they have.
It's just incredible.
They did a great job.
Yeah, they spent, you know, everybody wanted them to, you know, everybody had a plan for that guy too.
You know, put up office buildings or apartments or something.
And he said, no, he took all the money that he got back and pushed the right bank into making it a real great facility.
Yeah.
Now, I'm going to go up to Sportsman because that's my number one love anyways, the Trotters.
And then it'll work out just great.
We can see the Cubs in a day time and Plungeur brings out at Sportsman's at night.
Well, I'm going to be going up there in the fall, but it looks like unless the Cubs are in the World Series,
I'm not going to get the chance to see that.
What could happen, strengthen the gravity, you know, Montreal can't win every day.
No matter what they say.
And they can't play, and they can't play the Phillies and the Pirates every day either.
They can't play them forever.
Right.
Did you see that game on Saturday against the Giants when the Gerardi scored, I guess it was the third run of the game?
No, I didn't see, I was at the track and all I saw is a last inning and a half, so I didn't see the rest of the game.
I saw Vance Lloyd as second on one.
I put it on video tape and that was, you know, you can fast forward to the stupid adults or is that way?
And he was going down, you know, after you scored, they showed him walking down the dugout giving high five.
It works like with Cosmetic goes give a high five and can't reach his hand.
So Gerardi's jumping up to it.
Yeah, it's like, it's pretty cute.
Well, these guys that like, I noticed the short stuff, what's the name of the name of his name, Ramos?
Yeah, the big guy.
I think he's not going to base it in Gerardi's, you know, I mean, having hit for big average,
but when they've been called upon, they've had to play, they've done a hell of a job.
It was like when they came back from three down.
Yeah, oh, that was, I still can't get over that.
And of course last night, I don't know if anybody watched the game if you got G.N.
But Sean Dunston, in addition to having a tremendous home run, he's just killing the Cardinals this year,
he made two plays one in particular that was impossible.
He threw the ball in mid-air on one bounce to him, a clenching and it was just,
I never seen a play like it in my life.
When he's hot, he's hot, which isn't often, but he is right now.
If they could just get his head screwed up a little bit.
Yeah, if he just stops swinging, it's so many bad pitches.
Well, he's walked 21 times this year.
That's pretty amazing.
Yeah, and only 18 of them intentional.
Okay, listen, have a great day and we'll be reporting for it.
Okay, bye-bye.
Yeah, well, look at this.
We're going to have to take a break, but we have a very important celebrity collar on a Palm Beach line, collect.
Yeah, hope it's me again.
Wow, from Sleepaway Camp.
Yeah, from Sleepaway Camp.
Well, that's great.
You just hold on a second now and the hang on to it and we'll be right back to you.
All right.
Okay, that's stemmed from Sleepaway Camp, a real celebrity in his own mind.
1135 at WI.
It also a metspin, too, by the way.
Probably shouldn't mention that.
Speaking of sport.
Okay, 21-till noon at WI.
It occurs our next caller would like to make a little announcement before we officially begin the call.
I have no life.
Yeah, we knew that.
Hello.
I didn't say that that wasn't me.
Where?
Sounded like you.
So how Sleepaway Camp stemmed?
It's great.
Boy, how's that royalty you were telling us about last week?
Oh, they're still royalty.
Still floating around, huh?
Still, still queen.
Still queen.
So what's going on down there?
Oh, not too much.
We're getting ready to go to Chicago tomorrow.
Yeah, they're right.
I mean, I mean, the last real cast of her.
He's on vacation.
I'm having a great week.
Oh, that.
Yeah, we're talking to sports and whatever the hell we want and nobody's throwing a can.
Yeah, that's right.
It's great.
Yeah, you got to cut out the Cubs calls, that's pretty boring.
Talk about the mental you want, but the Cubs have to get it.
Cubs have to get it.
Oh, one.
One.
All right, okay, I get it.
I get it.
I'm just actually...
I'll let him sing the whole thing if you don't watch it take up all your time.
Okay, so that'll be a good boy.
From this very important call.
Yeah, did you get the message I called you out the other day?
Yeah, your voice was on my answering machine.
We erased it immediately.
Did you?
Uh-huh.
No, I'll call you later on tonight, too.
Well, yeah.
Well, that's exciting.
Well, I'll step, of course, the Cubs going to be on, so it'll give me like a little break.
I'll call you correct, though.
I'll bet you will, yeah.
Yeah.
Because the house is pretty exciting up there.
Yeah, it's pretty exciting.
Mm-hmm.
It's like in, you know, it's an acting camp at Stuffin.
There's some famous people that appear to him.
Like?
Like, uh, this guy got you ever hear of Josh Charles?
No.
He's in dead poet society.
Never heard of him.
And Robert Downey Jr. was up here?
No.
Yeah, you've heard of him.
You get it.
I heard of Morning Downey Jr.
Well, it was brother.
Yeah.
And, you know, just a bunch of people like that, you know?
And so like, do you get the Metz games up there?
Well, some of them.
Like the one last night where they lost to the Pirates 4-2?
Yeah, it's beside the point.
Yeah.
We didn't get that one.
Oh, that's so bad.
It was a hell of a game.
Yeah.
Look at this wins-pusted stuff then with, oh my god, with a bag in a box, I can't believe it.
A bag in the box?
A bag in the box.
It's like a boon in the box.
Cool deal.
Wow.
Yeah.
Well, maybe we can get Jert to eat some of this.
Look at that.
A few mushrooms.
Twenty-goon or weekly tomorrow?
We're leaving tomorrow afternoon.
We're going to be there in time for Friday morning show, which is going to be an abortion.
Steve can probably do a week on it because abortions is favorite subjects.
Of course.
And then we're going to see all three games Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
You coming home Monday?
And let's see.
Maddox will be pitching Friday and Balecki on Saturday and then of course, a kill-guess
on Sunday, which originally I was planning on leaving early, but after last night we may have a chance.
Yeah, well, I guess co-impact is against the Monday.
Great.
And how about David West, do we get him?
No.
What a bad break.
He's out of the starting rotation.
Well, listen, he could never too late to change your mind.
They're on a, they're on a, they're on a forming rotation.
Well, that's great.
Yeah, they're just taking a half.
They're really doing it.
They looked in awesome last night.
Well, except for last night.
They know everything, you know, a little mistake happened.
You know what it is.
You know how it is with those little things, you can relate to that.
Exactly.
Okay, well listen, have a great time and talk to you later.
Are you going to be able to talk about that minute?
Sure, no problem.
Like it said on the card.
I had no life.
Right.
Love them 42.
Wings pluses here would just say disgusting amount of food.
I can't believe it.
And, well, let's see.
Doesn't he read me?
He sure it certainly will eat the chicken wings in, right?
Because that's not what it made.
Not that I'm obsessed with trying to feed him.
But he came in yesterday, he was giving me a song in a dance about how he's bloated up from drinking soda.
I'm getting the feeling that he's one of these nuts, one of these health nuts.
I mean, there's nothing wrong with eating healthy, but he's like obsessed.
Life is more than just a banana.
You know what I mean, Jared?
And maybe there'll be some other people in the news.
Or maybe even Troy will stop by in time to enjoy some of this incredible, uh, chow from Wings Plus.
For Tom Dettemberer, a little salad there.
How come you bring Tom a salad?
Because he's trying to lose weight.
And I'm ballooning up like an elephant again.
And you bring me all of that.
I'm going to eat a lot of celery.
Okay.
I'll eat this celery.
Thank you very much.
Thank you guys.
Wings pluses here.
Boy, not great.
11.43 is I'm finishing this little cheeseburger because it was going to go to waste.
Isn't this incredible?
Now, the audience, you are witness to this, okay?
Yesterday, did I eat anything here?
Nothing.
Zero.
I survived.
No problem.
My wife and my mother's had a great dinner.
Boy, she had an incredible meal last night.
And that was it.
And Dettemberer brought me in some Nutra system food to get me started again this morning.
And look at this.
Arnold comes in with all these little cheeseburgers and sits down two boxes in front of me,
which I only had three.
I'm in a process of finishing the third one.
And now Wings Plus shows up and they brought enough food for four armies, okay?
Enough food for the whole American League, including Wade Boggs, who does eat red meat.
I don't know what I just don't know what I'm going to do.
Seriously, I don't, here's a collect call from Baltimore.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
All right.
I think the operative word is fat.
Get it fat.
Fat.
I got a mouthful of the sprouts myself.
The sprouts?
Yeah.
Boy, you want to meet Jared?
Boy, yeah.
I'm like a bird's of a feather.
Yeah, I think a bird's of a feather.
A operative word, too.
Anyhow, both gone.
We could talk about baseball.
Yeah.
Isn't that great?
Yeah, I talked to you last week.
When he comes back, we'll talk about whatever the hell we want to talk about, okay?
Okay.
If he doesn't like it, there's always the joy rental show.
Anyhow, I was talking to you last week and you were telling me somebody was talking about how the Oreos were going to fall into last place.
Well, he was a little ahead of himself.
There was that cap wrong, QAM.
Yeah, well, gosh, they're on their way on their way.
Well, they lost six in a row now, right?
It's a spot.
But they're still four and a half ahead.
Yeah.
I mean, that's incredible.
Isn't that the biggest lead in the other vision?
Hey, listen to this now.
It's very great.
You didn't ask for my question.
No, what's that?
Isn't that the biggest lead in the intervention in baseball?
As far as I know, that's what they're saying.
I trust me, yeah.
So even though they've lost six in a row, they're still four and a half ahead.
Uh-huh.
And you know, Toronto's good at chokes.
Yeah, well.
So it'll be pretty interesting because that's the weakest division
by far in baseball.
But they'd be contenders in any division.
Where you record?
Right?
Well, I said American League.
You know, I'm not into that little league stuff.
Yeah.
Me neither.
I'm a brave man in the cup.
There you go.
How about those braves?
They kick in some ass or what?
How many of you have lost?
You see that game that's...
Wait a minute.
You see the game that kids smolts pitch the other night too.
And they've gone a lot.
Now it's almost as embarrassing as the game when Sid Fernandez struck out 16 and lost the game
to the braves, by the way.
Yeah, well, that's like Texas last night.
Yeah, Nolan Ryan struck out 14.
Yeah, and four others.
Mm-hmm.
Anyhow, listen to this one.
Front page of the Washington Post, right?
Use the traffic.
Okay, no problem.
We're used to it.
Okay.
Uh-uh.
Good sound effect, anyhow.
They've got a picture.
Sounds just like our show from Chicago is going to sound.
Oh, right.
We're standing out there on the street because the bar is closed.
Anyway, they've got a picture of the Washington DC police marching these prostitutes to the
Virginia State Line.
Right?
I mean, there's like dozens.
Page 16, they've got pictures of the prostitutes, getting in the taxi cabs to come back to their
working post.
I found it rather amusing.
I thought you might like to hear this DC humor.
Great.
Well, that's Washington for you.
Yeah, well, I haven't seen it.
You know, most of those politicians up there are a bunch of horse anyways, so let's try it in.
They say the prostitutes go from walk across the street to another three things when one three things
are acting.
They just walk across the street and they don't have to mess with it.
Great.
Well, that's the way to do it.
Listen to have a wonderful life.
Okay, I'd like to say hello to Hicks down there and hope everything is going good and everything is
as hot as it is up here, to this measurement.
It is.
It's so hot you could fry eggs on your brain here.
That's what Ricky Tiki said.
Is that right?
Okay, have a good one.
Thank you, buddy.
Bye.
747 at WIOD and thanks to Rick Eppel for coming in here and helping us out here with some of this food.
No, I'm on a diet now.
Oh.
Why?
Didn't bother Denonberg.
I look what it did for him.
Made him into a celebrity.
You want to play?
Look at that.
We got plates.
We got utensils.
We got everything here.
It's like, you know, he's pitching.
But get this food.
I'm sure I'm getting sick.
Just looking at it.
What?
You know, seriously, look at all this.
Man, well, too much.
There's nobody else here.
It's just me and I'm not eating it anyway.
But I'm sure I don't want the guys from things plus to get hysterical.
It'll go to good use.
Okay.
I'm having one piece of celery.
And that's because I'm stuffed.
I'm stuffed.
I wasn't hungry to begin with.
And I don't want any of this to go to waste.
So all you primadamas and I don't know where they're...
What's going on with them today?
Please, please help us out.
It's like I have to beg these people not to come in and eat.
It used to be we just have to beg them to stay on here.
Do we got at least one or two pieces?
Now we have to beg.
And the chicken wings are not red meat.
So where the hell is Jared friend?
The other people in the newsroom.
Okay, where's Dorothy and Henry and Laura?
Little Laura?
And I want to mention again, it was not Laura's fault.
She's not the one that wrote that idiotic copy that said Mike Kaskowski.
That was Coleman.
Right?
Wasn't that Coleman's fault?
Let's all blame Coleman because he's brain-dead.
And he's not here to defend himself.
Okay, thank God.
Boy, when he comes in this room, I just get hysterical.
He always asks me these idiotic questions.
And it's always like a multi-part like a jigsaw puzzle.
I want to talk about a new transistor right now.
I couldn't think of a better time because everybody's in here filling their fat face.
Okay, now that collar on line 8 is probably gone by now, right?
No, I'm still here.
You're still here?
I haven't stayed till lunchtime.
Boy, I must be boring to sell up there, huh?
Yeah, we're all there's going to do right now.
Let's be all the guys who are in the shower now, huh?
Yeah, that's true.
Well, they're probably not letting you win, right?
No, I don't want to go in, trust me.
Okay, well, hold on.
All right.
He's even more paranoid and insecure than he was before we left for sleep away.
Can't put them on what we're going to do with him.
Maybe we can send him with Steve to get some therapy.
Okay, here's a call from Lynchburg, Virginia.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Well, you sound depressed.
Yeah, because when I was home, when I was at my parents house a couple of weeks ago,
and I called your station engineer, and I asked them if there was some kind of radio,
I could pick up your station in Virginia.
Yeah, sure.
And he told me, I got this radio, you know,
I could pick up London and Cairo and Rome and all this.
Yeah, but that's shortwave.
Yeah, shortwave.
And I could pick up WIOD at night.
You know, I could pick up Larry King, you know, like I can't already pick him up in Virginia.
Yeah, you could go over and see him.
But I, you know, nothing during the daytime.
So I wouldn't spend $3 to the radio on.
And it doesn't work.
Well, it works.
I can pick up Rome.
I can pick up London.
I can't pick up Miami.
Why do I get the feeling there's like an echo on this call?
You can't pick up WIOD.
We're not on shortwave.
I know.
You could spend $3,000 on a radio.
You're not going to pick up WIOD.
Of course, Johnny Dark would tell you otherwise.
He would tell you that we come in loud and clear like in North Carolina, you know.
I think you guys are up in Jacksonville.
Really?
But, but, you know, I understand we're big in Jacksonville.
I understand they're having a little clan rally up there today in honor of the show.
That's just a rumor.
Well, you know, it was, it was pretty bad.
You know, and tell your producer, whoever he was worried about, you know,
Jerry Page for this call, you know, I'm at work right now.
Who played Page for it?
Jerry.
Don't you know it, but don't tell anybody it.
Okay. Well, that's great.
Well, I'm sure he can scrape it up.
Yeah.
We'll just go on and beg again for 10 minutes.
Well, he does it all the time.
You know, he's probably, they stopped doing his daytime TV show.
I heard that Jim Baker used to beg for more than 10 minutes.
That's what it said in that story in Penthouse.
But that was another story, right?
I know.
I'm a bad guy.
I just honest.
That's the problem.
People can't deal with a refreshing honesty on his show.
Why didn't Mike know that?
Well, I Steve yesterday, when we were honest about the fact that his topics are repetitive,
monotonous and are killing the show and killing the ratings, he just couldn't deal with that.
Well, so we tried to say that we were picking on him, which is a rather juvenile way of approaching life, isn't it, sir?
Well, you know, I listened to Steve for two weeks when I was home.
You know, I like Steve and I'll, but too many abortions.
Exactly.
That's all I said.
And Steve, a good guy every time.
He's a great guy.
And then that guy that called and yesterday said that I hated him with a passion.
That was the biggest crocka crap.
I don't know where that comes from.
I don't hate Steve.
I mean, there was one time in my life when I did and he knows that.
But I don't hate him.
I don't dislike him.
I just have, I don't trust him.
You know what I'm saying, sir?
Yeah.
He's a wonderful guy, but he just always looking straight at me.
Well, I miss Steve.
I miss, you know, I miss you to miss the bird, but you know, Stan, he needs to get a job.
You know, there's an AM station up here.
You can stand up here.
He linchpert.
Well, I'll call Stan right after the show.
Okay.
He'd be great up there.
So look for a more board operator in the morning.
Mm-hmm.
Perfect.
Right up his alley.
Okay, listen, this call has been exciting, but you know, life must go on.
See you later, sir.
Okay.
It's 1155.
A WIID.
We have an open line in Broward.
5249463.
524.
WIID.
If you're a Cub fan, don't be bashful, okay?
Because, you know, who isn't here and starting as of this week, you can talk about whatever
you want to talk about as long as I'm interested in it.
Okay, that's the name of the show.
If I'm not interested, you'll be going like, like lightning.
Here's Joe in somewhere.
Hey, Neil.
It's the real Joe.
It's the real one.
What the hell are you doing on this line?
I was supposed to have fake one.
I don't know.
What line am I on?
You're on line three or in date.
Are you in date?
Huh?
No, I'm in Broward.
Oh, but you're in Pemberg Pines, right?
Right.
So you can call us number for free.
Right.
You got that whatever they measured service, right?
Yeah, I guess so.
Well, that's good because we don't want to run you up a big bill because we know you're making big bucks.
Oh, yeah, right?
In fact, STEM up at sleep away, Cam said that they got an opening up there for you.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, well, I'll be sure to inquire.
Okay.
Oh, so what?
The bird's not here.
Of course, you know, when STEM says there's an opening, you're never sure what he's talking about.
That's true.
That's true.
Since the bird's not here, let's talk about how great the brage is doing.
Yeah, they're kicking some real serious ass.
They lost a game last night.
Right?
Three to two, was it?
Oh, yeah, three to two.
But they're playing them tough.
Yeah, it takes the picture for Atlanta to get a RBI that makes them five game left.
Yeah.
Well, we do that, too.
Kill just got an RBI last night.
He drove in the second run, which is a miracle.
He's only had two hits all year.
And the 84-Boleki beautiful squeeze butt to knock in a run.
So our picture in Maddox has been driving in runs all year.
Yeah.
Well, that part of the game plan.
So that's the Graves team, though.
We got people like Darryl Evans and Bruce Benedict who are batting like 190.
Well, Bruce Benedict, I think, died about three years ago, didn't he?
Yeah, I don't know what the hell.
Well, nobody told him.
Now it takes like 40-year-old people like Lonnie Smith to do great.
Yeah.
Now they got some pretty embarrassing guys in Atlanta.
Yeah, they do.
But as long as they keep the Murphy near, they're okay with me.
Yeah, me too.
But, uh, well, they beat Montreal.
We didn't know Joe is there something you want to tell us?
It's just a joke.
It's just a little joke.
I was by your house the other day, but I...
Well, how come...
Now, wait a minute, you were by my house like what, driving around?
No, no. I was eating dinner at the house across the street.
What, my new neighbors?
I guess, yeah.
Well, where the hell did you meet them?
Well, because their friends was someone I know.
You know, that kind of thing.
Wait a minute.
What's going on in this line?
Now, there must be the CIA tap on Joe's line.
Speaking of which, I caught an old lady trying to take my unbelievable bumper sticker off.
Really?
You believe that?
Well, you got more problems than you got people following you around and taking your calling,
your strange calls at home.
That's okay.
It's the Indiana Jones life.
I like it.
Boy, it's pretty exciting, man.
Now, you're not working at that movie, are you?
Yeah.
You're still working there?
I thought you had a different job.
I do.
I got two now.
Oh, you got two jobs?
Yeah.
Boy, that's great.
If you had a trouble.
Well, how come if you were right across it was I home?
No, you weren't.
What time of day was this?
This was that night and both cars were gone, so I didn't bother knocking.
Well, did it ever dawn on you that I have a garage?
Yeah, but it was like a Friday night.
Oh, no chance.
No, I go to shore on Friday night.
That's what I mean.
Yeah, I'm in temple for hours.
Right.
Or praying for anything.
Melissa, it sounds like you're out of material, Joe, which is unusual.
You're usually full of it, but I guess not, huh?
Well, the bird's absence has, you know,
Yeah.
I mean, Melissa.
Kind of cut into your material.
Well, listen, stop by sometime if you're in that neighborhood because I, you know, we're
desperate to see you.
Well, all right.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I know what you mean.
Okay, see you, Joe.
We'll talk to you.
Okay.
Well, I was, you know, one thing about Joe, he always sounds like depressed.
I mean, like, right on a borderline and not as depressing as Carlos, but Joe always
sounds like borderline depressed.
Anyway, we have an open line in Dave County.
I guess that's it for our celebrity caller, huh?
Yeah, I'm going to take off.
Well, it's really a shame, you know, but you're always one of these hit and run guys.
He comes late and leaves early, so to speak.
It's WJN, I want to share it with you.
WJN, you hear the leaf on, right?
Yeah, it's open your window up.
Yeah, it's open your window up.
Open a window up in a cabin up there.
You got it right there.
Are you like in a cabin?
Not really, because it's an old hotel.
You're an old hotel, huh?
You're making an old hotel.
And how many guys do a bunk?
Like four?
Yeah, I believe it.
Okay, listen, have a great time.
All right, I'll call you later on tonight.
Bye.
All right, bye.
Okay, there he goes.
The mysterious stem who just continues dazzling us, and we're so grateful that he's the way
it's sleep away, camp till the end of August, sports like a real vacation.
Okay, Chuck Meyer, who's Gazuntan Puppet now after a little lunch here, has got the 12th
on WIWD news.
I bet they didn't feed the news people like this in Seattle, right?
And we're going to come back with our number three at 12.05.
Steve, who's going to apologize for everything this afternoon, open phones at two, my best friend
at Hank Goldberg at six, and he anches at Cleveland at 7.30 tonight.
Hey, three out to the ball, baby.
Hey, three out to the ball.
Okay, just a little bit at the time.
Okay, 12.06 at WIWD.
Now, all you saying, Cheryl?
Okay, I just wanted to check.
And Todd is here today dressed like a New England berry farmer or something.
I don't know what the hell he's doing.
And we're just having a great time here from STEM, from Sleep Away Camp.
We heard from Joel with 10 ends and some of the other chronic surgeries who make the show
what it is.
And in the meantime, look at that.
During the...
Didn't this happen yesterday, too, right?
Right around noon time?
Right at lunch.
They are cramped out on us.
We've got like a couple of open lines.
One in day, one in Palm Beach, which is pretty depressing.
How's the wings, Todd?
Good.
Great.
How's standing?
You should have like the heavy garlic ones, because it'll make care growing your chest.
They'll be great.
All along, not in the hairy chest.
Good.
Well, let's see.
Okay, let's go to Hollywood.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Look at that.
Todd's taking his clothes off, man.
Yes.
Yeah, I just have a quick question.
Yesterday you mentioned the poll conducted by Cell Floor Magazine.
The magazine is not on the new stand yet.
I understand.
Dorky Tony Segredo is voted best.
Now, why would you say that about Tony?
He's a great guy.
He's a good friend of mine.
Not my best friend like Hank Goldberg, but he's a good friend, and he's great.
Do you think he's Dorky?
He's good.
He's good.
He's like the bird.
Well, no, you're true.
He's silly, but he's good.
He is silly.
You're right about that.
If he could just do it straight, he knows it straight.
Well, I think he does it straight, but then again, that's his business.
I don't know about that.
Yeah, well, it's kind of a...
That might type.
It's kind of a jiggly station, anyway.
Yeah, Channel 4 has become increasingly giggly.
There's no question about that.
Yeah, it's Ropper Room.
Especially since Anna a squeak started doing news here.
Well, the whole thing is starting to look like Ropper Room.
Yeah.
Well, that reflects the mentality of America, so I think that's probably whether doing pretty well.
Now, whether or not doing well, so I...
Are they doing poorly?
Well, it's probably that weather guy.
That guy that's got the weather map on his face.
He's the worst.
He's a joke.
I mean, I can count to over 100, but I could never count high enough to count all his zits.
I'll tell you that.
He's terrible.
He's horrible.
He smug with all his little aside.
Yeah, and he doesn't know anything about this area, and he knows nothing about the weather,
and he's not funny, and he sucks.
I worry what will happen to us if we ever had a hurricane.
Well, forget it.
But what?
We watch in Channel 10, I guess.
Or 7, of course, with our good friend Bob Soeper.
Yeah, he's...
Or he'd be hysterical if I left him out.
Oh, yeah.
No, Bob Soeper's a good guy.
He is a great guy.
Yeah, he does a good guy.
He knows nothing about the weather, but he's a great guy.
I think the word credibility is the operative word here.
But that...
Wait a minute.
Who's the licensed meteorologist Soeper?
Oh, I know Soeper is.
Yeah, well, here's...
With Morrison?
No.
He's not a meet...
He's the only...
All right.
Now, the lady said he's not.
Nick says he is.
Well, if I'm making a difference, what he is, he...
If he knows something, he's keeping it a good secret, okay?
Because he is a very difficult time conveying what the hell of weather is going to be.
He was unemployed before.
He came...
Well, I looked like it.
He came because he was a friend of somebody at the station.
He had no question about it, and they gave a real screwing to Bob Weaver,
who's a good friend and a great guy, and they stuck him in the morning.
Right.
And they put this douchebag on there at night.
Yeah, well, Weaver is like the ultimate weatherman,
and that's why I called.
I wanted to see if you remembered who was voted best weatherman in South Florida.
I was a Don Noe in Bob Soeper, and Weaver got the worst.
You're kidding.
And I ripped South Florida magazine.
In fact, I have a copy that just came in today, and I'm not going to open it.
And I don't want them to consider me.
I mean, I got best radio personality again this year from South Florida's readers,
and that's very nice.
But when you're listed on the same page with such outstanding people,
is that idiot that writes for the herald, that everybody thinks is such a great day.
Yoko, what is his name?
I could never think of his name.
He got best columnist.
You know, that Yoko, with a high pitched, whiny voice, that everybody raves about.
Oh, Dave Barry.
Yeah, Dave Barry's terrible.
He's a Yoko.
Yeah, no, no, no.
He's not good.
He's not good.
He's an idiot.
He thinks he's funny, and he's just a Yoko.
Well, he used to be funny, but now he's trying too hard.
You could see the way that Todd is licking his fingers in here, man.
It's the most disgusting thing I've seen, and it's almost erotic.
At least he's not licking your fingers.
Well, that'll be next.
Yeah, okay.
That's what I call for.
It's printed in the results.
Well, listen, it's South Florida magazine.
Like I said, I don't want anything to do with it.
Their readers are on no-dose or something, and it's pathetic.
Yeah, well, I'm allergic.
If you could see some of the, and some of the restaurants that God votes in there,
you would, for example, the best hamburger they voted,
Fudruckers, okay?
Oh, really?
Now, every time I've eaten there, I've gotten sick to my stomach.
I have like the Green Apple Quick Step for about a week after I go there.
Well, it's too bad.
A lot of people will, you know, go buy that.
No question about it.
They shouldn't do this, especially where people's livelihoods are considered.
Exactly.
Just like voting me best radio personality.
No question.
I can't hold a candle to steam.
It's not even a contest.
Yeah, right.
I'd like to hold a candle to them on fire.
Not just a little joke, Steve.
Yeah.
Have a great day.
Thanks a lot.
Don't take it seriously, okay?
Yeah, thanks.
Just a magazine.
Why?
They're not even a good one.
No, it isn't.
See you later.
Thanks a lot, you'll.
Or she was a little hysterical.
It's 11 past noon at WIOD.
We have an open line in Brown.
It's a Tony Stop Giggling, okay?
You're a great guy, you're a good friend.
But you giggle too much.
Of course, he's not as good a friend as my best friend, Hank Goldberg.
I mean, I like Hank.
He's a friend.
He's a great guy.
But I almost never see him.
And for Steve comes on yesterday.
Oh, Hank is Neil's best friend.
Then he rips him on, you know.
Steve, I think perhaps an overactive imagination is what the problem is.
Could that be it?
He just, um, he needs something.
He needs a good sidekick.
That's possible.
And I have just the guy we might loan to him for a couple of months.
You know what I'm saying?
Who's on vacation right now to give you a hint.
Anyway, it's 12 minutes past noon at WIOD.
Now, your brother's going to come in and be sidekick, isn't he?
Well, I would sure go for that, especially if he'd come in naked.
Anyway, let's talk about, now see that's just a little joke.
Okay, your brother happens to be a nice looking guy with a great body.
And he's essential.
Let's talk about science.
They put a lot of thought into these logs, you know what they do is they put all the spots in a hat and they pick them out.
I like the way Tom Birch does the ratings.
Boca.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Great shot.
It is.
It's nice when you can do what you want.
Yeah, when I can do it every now and then how I want it, I don't have to put up with some eccentric douchebag sitting over here getting all hysterical.
You like a calm day at the ocean?
Yeah, well, I was calm till Troy came in and I'm starting to give a little hysterical, but I'll do my best.
I'm going to have a quagmire.
You know, there's robberies they've been having at the restaurant, see?
Yeah.
Well, if you're a patron and you're eating dinner and you've got robbed, with the guy after the meal, you know, make you pay for it?
I would think so probably to make up what he lost, yeah.
I mean, you know, like you're sitting there and you don't have any more money.
And then the bill comes.
What are you doing?
No, that's a good question.
Maybe we can take a poll on that tomorrow, okay?
Maybe Lee Fowler can take a poll on that this afternoon.
Yeah, I mean, they'd say, or not.
Yeah.
What happened?
What do you think?
I don't know.
I'm confused.
Well, you know, it really indicates to me the fact that you have, you know, been thinking about that and indicates you've got a rich full life, you know?
Well, I was playing golf yesterday.
I was on the golf course and it's like...
And it just popped into your head.
Yeah, struck me out.
Because I haven't quite frankly really thought about that at all.
But the fact that you bring it up now shows me that you've been listening to Steve, I guess.
No, I haven't listened to Steve that.
I didn't feel like hearing him touch all day.
You know?
He had an interesting topic yesterday for a little while to all the calls stopped, but how is pretty good.
Hey, did you happen to catch a...
I didn't watch while he came there.
No, God forbid.
Well, last night he had more dawn, you know, more given his farewell than goodbye.
Yeah.
And we're more at the work-downing.
As more in town.
Wow.
You don't know more downing?
Huh?
Of course he's heard of me.
Yeah.
Oh, he's talking to Todd?
I'm talking to these guys here who are busy taking their clothes off.
Listen, sir, don't muscle in on my time, okay?
I'm the chance of a lifetime.
I don't forgot what it's like.
They're not looking for a job real hard.
It's just sitting there looking at you.
Well, real hard, I don't think is the expression of what I've seen.
I don't know what kind of job they're looking for.
Yeah.
Well, that's what I'm trying to find out.
Well, as last night on Larry King, as Mork goes away, then King sticks in the statement,
well, I know Mork, I've been your idol for many years.
Yeah.
And he even let you know, Mork was already gone when he said it.
Oh, that was a real surprise.
Oh, wait a minute.
He said he's been Mork's idol?
Yeah.
Yeah, he said Mork was, wait a minute.
Let me tell you right here.
I think are you a little confused, pal?
Just a little bit.
You don't go any better than Ango Bird.
Right.
Who's my best friend, by the way?
You guys go out and play hardball.
Absolutely, man.
We go everywhere together.
Well, I wouldn't say hardball because I don't think Hank is capable.
But I mean, you know, just about anything else.
Maybe a little squash.
Little squash.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, that's about it.
Hank was eating a little squash in here for dessert last night after dinner.
Hey, no, Hank.
Good old food.
Hank is great.
Hey, guys.
Steve's just looking to create trouble again.
You know, Steve is a professional troublemaker on psychotic.
You know how to get rid of the gacky and I'm telling you, Hank,
you can have like a four-centred tamish show and it really fill in the nighttime well.
Great.
Well, I'll suggest that to a boy gary, okay?
Okay.
Have a great life.
Yes.
Okay, boy.
There's a guy just totally in the bag.
1243 at WIOD.
We got an open line in Palm Beach County.
6559463.
6555 WIOD.
And let's go to Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil Chucky?
Hey, Chucky.
How the hell are you?
Boy, it hasn't been long enough.
I mean, it's been a long time.
Yeah, been a hell of a long time.
Yeah, it's been a couple of weeks, huh?
Yeah, let me take a break because if you see my name on the street,
you'll hang up on me.
So that's why I took a while to go.
Who hang up?
Wait a minute.
Who hang up?
But Nick, were you or the bar how do I say the bird?
Guy, are your birds not here, Chucky?
Yeah, I know that.
Why don't you try to calm down?
Take a couple of volumes and just relax.
Well, the thing is, the mixture winning, Neil, and when that happens,
I'm excited.
I'm going to speak for the moment.
Well, yesterday, you wouldn't happen last night.
Oh, okay.
So we lost one.
Yeah.
But we'll make it up when we go to Chicago.
Well, easy for you to say.
We'll see, Neil.
Yeah, we sure will.
Maybe you want to make a little radio better?
No, I don't bet on ball games.
Okay, I'm not some kind of a degenerate, like Pete Rose,
that has to bet on ball games.
Yeah, he's history.
And I do what he means is history.
Don't convict the guy yet.
He deserves to be heard.
I think he should still be put into a hall of fame,
but with a little caption,
gambled for something, you know?
Yeah.
So this would be with an ass to risk, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
So to speak.
Anyway, Neil, good luck at Chicago.
Have a nice time.
It's a great city.
Well, we're sure we're thinking about you, Chuckie.
Yeah, especially when they win.
Trust me.
Okay, Neil.
See you.
Shaboy boy.
1244, another one of those meds fans, man.
They just can't deal with reality.
Can they?
They just want to face the facts that they suck.
1245 at WIOD.
I mean, you're not like the Reds,
but you can't have everything.
Reds are going to make it come back.
I didn't poll or Neil get hurt.
Got some kind of an injury, a hang nail or something.
He's out for a while.
He's one of the only players they got.
He's the best ball player on that team, isn't he?
And a little Arkansas also hurt.
You see?
There's a good Alibi for losing night.
And a real man, they're all injured.
They're wounded, mentally and physically.
Here's a Danny Jackson.
He gave up only six runs in the first two.
What is he's terrific?
Got to earn a average higher than my age.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
You're talking about the most pathetic ball clubs
like Finch and Hattie in the Met.
You forgot to mention my favorite, the Tigers.
Oh, they're real.
Hey, I want to tell you something.
Like I said, consistency is what life is all about.
Oh.
And they have been so consistent this year, man.
They've been in last place almost from the first day.
What was it, 10 to nothing last night?
Oh, no, they won last night.
For the night before.
The next four of us, 10 to nothing more.
It's got shelved and...
Yeah, Morris really is great, isn't he?
Oh, it's been a nice day.
I think he gave him about six million a year
so he could come out and go three and 20
or something like that, he's terrific.
Well, he was here in West Palm a couple of weeks ago
re-agilitating in Singhala.
And he pitched pretty well, but that's against...
Yeah, in Singhala.
That's the last day, guys.
So I went to my first Cubs game last year,
opening Jay against Pirates.
It was a 13-3.
Boy, he just reminded me that their single-a team
isn't like them, but of course he could have been pitching
against Miami or Fort Lauderdale.
Right, and pitching against West Palm.
Again, oh, against West Palm.
See, so don't start getting hysterical, Troy.
You're jumping all over the collar.
Yeah, come on.
You see, they've always led the listeners
in your full craft, and it wants to hang up on you immediately.
It's already doing a talk to him.
Hey, you're going to get like the bird here, producer.
You're going to have the birds job in about a month, I'm telling you.
But I'll tell you what, rigly is great,
and don't have any worries about, you know, being there nine o'clock
because I didn't have any tickets.
Me and a couple of friends of mine went,
my girlfriend and other friend of mine.
We got there real early because it was sold out of its opening day.
It was about 13 degrees.
I mean, it was cold.
And there were people all over the place.
I mean, it was just like a, it's great.
They're going to love it, you know.
What do you mean there were people all over the place?
What the hell does that mean?
They were hanging out and crumbling.
They were hanging out.
They were, let's rephrase that they were.
Sounds like Mike had a crowd hanging out.
There's about 15, you know, bars and pops around there and restaurants
and people go in, they have lunch, and it's great.
It really is a nice atmosphere because it's like
it's great in the middle of a neighborhood.
Exactly.
In the middle of a dangerous neighborhood like Tiger Stadium,
where you get mugged on your way from the parking lot to the stadium.
Take my word for it.
It's nothing close to Tiger Stadium.
Tiger Stadium.
I love Tiger Stadium.
I love it.
The stadium is great.
It's the greatest ballpark.
I love when you're parked like about four blocks away and a little kid comes up to you.
You go, watch your car, mister.
Watch your car for a dollar and you give them a dollar and then they just totally rifele.
Everything out of that car.
Boy, Steve looks neurotic today.
Look at that.
He looks extra neurotic.
Are you ready for an ascending?
Why are you taking your clothes off, Steve?
I mean, I've got Todd and Troy in here already.
I mean, I'm well taken care of for today.
Go ahead, Steve.
You run a real role.
You don't have any choice with the dollar, with the kids, because if you don't give them the buck.
Exactly.
Well, if you don't give them the buck, then they just totally demolish the entire car.
If you give them the buck, they just steal the stuff out of the glove box.
That's true.
That's true.
It's just the kind of like when you park your car, it cold.
I've never thought of that.
No, it was just a little joke.
Okay, that was for my friends at Valley Parking who get hysterical when they see me.
What's the best thing about Tiger Stadium in Europe?
The best thing is that every seat is a good one.
It's close to the field, and you can almost reach out and touch the players.
You can.
The only problem is the Tigers are all so ugly that probably nobody would want to.
That's a terrible.
I thought a terrible.
They're all ugly, sir.
Trust me.
The family's an old man.
He's about 100 years old, okay?
That's bad, I thought.
The cops, if you could reach out and touch the cops, then it would be a different story, okay?
I don't want to mention Greg Maddox and Mike Balecki or Mark Grace, but then of course some of our listeners would start hyperventilating.
Oh, Ryan Sandberg, we don't want to leave Rhino out.
Okay, listen, have a great life.
Okay, I was just going to say you're going to have phone lines up there, huh?
Yeah.
Oh, that's great.
Yeah, you'll be able to call in and make fools out of all of us.
Well, I have a great time.
Okay.
Talk to you.
See you.
Wow, 1249.
Thanks so much.
It's too loud.
I'll be happy looking to camera now and say I've never been on baseball and I've been on Cincinnati Red Baseball.
Okay, good here from your feet.
It's 106 at WIOD.
And what can I say that we haven't said before?
Do they give me any cash to go up to Chicago?
Todd, you're in a dream world.
Don't you think I might have a little leftover from the check just to go up and gamble?
You know, sportsman's part.
Not going to be.
On other words, you're wondering if there's any leftover for you and Troy.
Is that what you're saying?
Sure it is.
Anyway, I don't know what kind of guys we've gotten in here.
We have an open line in Palm Beach, 655 WIOD, 655 9463.
It's a big one or two off.
You missed the show yesterday.
The lightning round is history because it degenerated and deteriorated into crap.
Didn't it?
It sucked.
And that's not my fault.
That's because we had a bunch of pinheads out there.
Okay?
Miami, hello.
I knew how you.
Great.
Good.
I was listening to the show.
Well, that's good.
Yeah.
That's usually a good thing to do before you call.
Yeah, I'm sure.
I just wanted to make one comment.
And to me, as I've been listening to the show since you got on this morning, you've been cutting down the bird.
Now, I'm not really totally sticking out.
Are you serious?
I did that.
Well, I think you did.
Anyway, why don't you guys drink this soda?
There's only one cup there, but I'm sure you guys probably assured more intimate things than that.
Go ahead, sir.
Because I think Bird did a fantastic job.
He does a fantastic...
Why wait a minute about the vacation?
Yeah.
Why wasn't he talking about...
He's a good one.
Why are you there?
What?
He does a great job when you're both together.
Yeah.
That's exactly what I said.
But it sounds like you were cutting them down.
I am cutting them down, sir, because he wants to take over the show.
Don't you understand, sir?
There's like an insurrection going on here.
And he wants to talk about Phoebe Kate's breast for hours a day.
Well, that's...
Even two minutes on each one would be a lot.
Would be stretching it if you pardon that expression.
Well, it's not a major deal.
We're just trying to find a way to bring them back to the bird that he used to be.
Don't you understand?
It's not a big thing.
You don't have to have a breakdown over it.
I'm going to get happy medium.
Okay.
One other question.
I'm going to get a wordy sing, would you?
Go ahead, sir.
Oh, because I'm talking with a bad cold.
Okay.
I'm going to get a wordy sing.
I had called.
I guess it was about a week here.
We can have to go.
And you said you were going to listen to some takes.
Did you listen to any of them?
Next week.
I'll say you didn't listen to them.
Not yet.
Okay, because I said one and I just wanted to give you a...
Got a chance to catch it.
No.
To your chance to catch it?
I was an answer to that.
So I had plenty of chances to catch it, sir.
I was very careful, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
I was just wondering if you happened to get around to listening to it.
Next week.
Okay.
See ya.
All right.
What the hell was that?
Boy, there's a guy who's really got his life together, doesn't he?
Here's speaking of that, here's Veggie from Boka.
Boy, it's been a long time.
God has it been a long time.
Thank God.
How are you doing?
Great.
It's really something to hear your voice again, you know what I mean?
I don't want to say what, but it's really something.
You know, I think you know, I leave you alone for a while.
So maybe you'll be interested in talking to me.
I got news for you, Veg.
I've been left alone for a long time.
That's a problem.
No.
So what's new?
Good call.
Great call.
Wait a minute.
Don't wait.
Hold on.
No, I know.
I'm glad you're back, honestly, from Veggie.
I have no life.
Yeah.
No, really.
I really can't wait to see what's going to really happen Monday because as you think Glenn's listening
to any of the show, he can't raise a lost baby.
I guarantee you that all of his yinter friends are going to be on the phone.
I said the other day his answering machine is probably loaded already with messages and with all kinds of hysterical urgent warnings.
You know, I never realize if we do good, I mean, you're completely good.
Is that answer your question?
Yes, it does.
Do you think he's going to be like coming in there real picked off?
I got news for you.
If he comes in, ticked off and he doesn't respond well to my urging about the, you know, going back to the bird that he used to be.
And we got people sitting at waiting in the wings here if you part of the expression, ready to take over his job at a much reduced salary.
But you don't want to get rid of him, right?
No, I didn't say that.
No.
Follow.
No.
No.
Okay.
Are you there?
I'm here.
I don't, I have no to see you're starting something that isn't there.
Like the guy called yesterday.
Why did you fire him?
But that's not what we're talking about.
I wouldn't do that on the year.
Well, no, I don't think you should fire him because look at this.
Of course not.
He's great.
Of course, like Johnny Carson and Eggwick Mann, they've been together.
Eggwick Mann, yeah.
They've been together for years too.
Mm-hmm.
All right, well listen.
I don't want to take up any of these.
He's full brother to Eggwick Muffin.
All right, this has been a pleasure talking to you again.
Neil, I'll talk to you.
Well, you were really good.
You were brief and you're saying goodbye and you see now you're a classic example.
You're just like what we're trying to do with the British.
A little reform act and you're on your best behavior, right?
Yes, definitely.
Excellent.
So what I'll do is when you want me to call you again next year.
About a year from Shivu, okay?
Are you thinking about that?
Okay.
It's 11 past one at WIOD.
We're time to talk about the melting pot right now.
It's been raised.
It's free and I can.
Okay, well listen.
For the right price we just won't mention it.
114 at WIOD.
Well, these are a couple of pretty for guys from plant city.
They're pretty wild guys.
You know what I'm saying?
Pretty wild.
No, seriously, back there, don't they spend all their time in church in plant city?
Well, no, the rest of the time there's a bar across from the church and they like kind of go back and forth.
That's just a little bit.
Plant city is kind of like a strange place isn't it?
Like a little, they tend to be a little clannish there, don't they?
No, no, no, no.
With a K.
Oh, with a C.
Strawberry capital.
That's great.
A lot of fruit in plant city.
Okay, let's go to a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Why am I?
Miami.
Hey, nice here, isn't it?
I'm from Miami.
Fort Lauderdale.
Okay, he's doing a little routine on the bird show and I was on vacation.
Miami, hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, it says Miami on here.
So trust me, it may look like Boka, but you're in Miami.
Miami, okay.
When you open a window and hear all the espionage coming into window, you'll know you're in Miami.
See?
How long away do you talk to you?
Long, long time.
When you sound a little Latin to me, sir, are you?
I am.
Well, there you go, see?
So you're in Miami.
Don't tell me you're from in Boka?
Yeah.
No, they wouldn't let me there.
You're not the guy that called Steve yesterday, are you?
No, no.
I give anything of that guy.
No, well, I wouldn't give anything, but I sure would love to hear from that guy that insecure guy.
Oh, no, no, no.
I don't talk to Steve.
Why not?
I only talk to people, listen to him.
Oh.
You're not going to rip Steve too, are you?
No, no, no, no.
He was pleased because then it come back in here again.
He takes over like a bird to go with it.
Yeah.
Okay, listen.
I got a couple things that you see you got.
I mean, you rip it off the birds and everything.
You are right to move everything.
What?
But, okay, don't forget that when you got a whole bunch of pinheads call it, call it in.
The only person who would ever kill you too, you can turn to, talk to this bird.
Right.
So I just kind of would really for you.
Right?
You don't understand him.
He still does a great job.
All we're trying to do is say everybody gets so emotional about these things.
All I'm trying to do.
And I'm, see, I believe in doing things the nice way first, okay?
And then you do it a little more strenuously, try to emphasize your point.
And if that doesn't work, you finally have to be brutal, okay?
That's the only way you get the job done.
That's right.
And I try doing everything in my power to convince him that we're not going to just limit the show to what he's interested in.
Which, by the way, is a very narrow scope, have you noticed that?
Yes.
I sure did.
Yeah.
But let me tell you, basically, it's what's your name?
The one that was at Power 96.
What is her name?
Vanity.
Vanity and Phoebe Case and other than that, there just isn't much there.
Did he ever show up at Power 96?
Did he run?
Did he ever actually go away?
Yeah, he was there when I was on vacation.
Did he?
Yes.
I'm a done concho.
No, you, man, right?
Which is a fireable offense.
Oh, okay.
I didn't know that.
I just noticed what I worked.
Anyway, I'll listen.
I hear you playing that KC and social dancing.
You know the CD?
Yeah.
I tried to get the CD I can get anywhere.
It's a very tough to get and it was made in Germany, believe it or not.
I don't know what the hell it was all about.
Gee, I went to your friend's back.
They did a great job trying to find out but they don't have it on...
Yeah.
Everybody else.
How did I do with it?
It's not...
Is it in this budge here?
Can't find it now, so...
Okay, okay.
I just wanted to know that whether he had a CD that I can actually look for,
I guess, hard and untried.
Oh, here it is.
It's just a second.
One moment please.
It's a sunny view records and it's manufactured distributed by telephone West Germany.
But it's a great CD.
It's the best of KC.
It's got...
Get down to night and boogie shoes and that's where I like it and shake your booty.
It's got all the great hits.
I used to listen to that when I was a few of them.
Yeah.
Kind of bring back memories.
Well, maybe I'll give you a KC's home number.
I've got it at the house.
He was at my house the day we did the show.
The morning show for my house about a year and a half ago.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Okay.
Listen now.
Okay, it's finally.
Wow.
So if you're a good looking guy, maybe I'll give you a KC's home number.
Yes, it's you all, Kerry.
Okay, listen.
Finally, right?
Yes.
So now I can Steve can't go over and take over your show whenever he wants.
But let me tell you what.
You keep talking about Steve's about it.
That guy has a biggest ego.
Well, we know that and he knows who.
Listen.
Listen to this.
You don't recall.
Perhaps you will.
His ego is better than Debbie Ellis's butt.
I haven't heard this in your show.
I've been listening to your show for a whole week.
Some on vacation.
And I can actually listen to you.
The guy went like two or three weeks on the same subject when the NFL went on strike.
I remember that.
You know, Chad.
Yes, I remember that.
And he kept going on and on just like a version.
I just know.
Yeah.
So I mean, why can you spend for the guy like that?
Right.
Going over and over and over.
The SSD.
You'll recall that, right?
You'll be listening to this afternoon.
You know it.
That was thunderous.
Let me say it again.
You'll be listening to every minute.
No, who is this?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
But I do.
Listen, you just quoting the chapter in verse of everything that he's done in the last two
years.
Now, you know you're going to be listening.
No, no, no, you won't.
I used to listen to Steve.
Right.
Okay.
Because I haven't.
I didn't know anything about that.
I may or at that.
Right.
So now you're listening to Steve.
No, no, no.
What do you got?
Like a direct line to his house?
No, no.
To be honest with you, listen to what?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Well, I can relate to that, sir.
Well, I don't know.
I think I've got better.
I think I've got better.
That's right.
We're off going on.
You're right.
I mean, what's great.
I tell you what.
You close it.
Okay.
If they get stand to go to...
They're not going to get stand, stand.
Steve isn't going anywhere.
And stand isn't going to work here.
Trust me.
You can bet your life on it, okay, sir.
Trust me.
That's not a good news, anyhow.
Well, I'm just telling you, I can either lie to you and make you feel better.
I can tell you the truth, okay?
Right.
All right.
Listen, listen.
If it'll make you feel better, stand starts tomorrow, okay, two o'clock.
Okay?
Seriously.
Okay.
You feel better now?
Yeah.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Okay.
Twenty after one, a W-I-V-C, have to tell these people what they want to hear.
That's a problem.
They don't want to hear the truth.
They want to hear a certain thing.
And you've got to feed them a lot of BS, okay?
And Steve will be doing that from two to six this afternoon, open phones.
And then my best friend, my very best friend in the world, Hank Goldberg, will be on sports talk.
At six tonight.
Steve, where did you come up with that about Hank is my best friend?
You said that yesterday.
Oh, and I don't come in here again.
I got to do a spot.
I got to do a break and I'll get way behind.
Hank is in my, I barely know Hank.
He's my best friend.
Steve is making guttable sounds in the other world.
Anyway, Steve's going to be starting to see me leave Friday for Chicago.
He's going to be just hysterical.
We want to tell you about char-hud right now.
He's just kind of like muscled in on the show.
That's right.
That's the way you have to do it.
You have to like inject your presence and then you don't leave.
That's true.
That's the way that Glenn got started on the show.
He just started hanging around and having another job.
And he just started cackling in a background.
Then he expected to get paid for it.
You know what I'm saying?
So if you guys just kind of like hanging around and keep taking and increasing them out in your clothing off every day,
and God only knows what could have happened.
Could work into a budding career.
Maybe not in radio, but you never know.
Okay, let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Yeah.
I got a 97 GTCR Spariport for you.
Oh, wait a minute.
Cheese, I'm so glad you mentioned it.
Does anybody know?
Oh, and just the perfect guy to check this out is Fad Rich.
Okay?
Because if Rich doesn't get it done, he'll beat the crap out of him.
We need to find out if they got the who tickets for Joe at Flores.
No, I'm serious.
I mean, like there's not a choice.
Like they promised the guy these tickets months ago.
And alas, I heard he hadn't gotten them yet.
So Bill Wise or boy, boy Gary's got somebody hiding in his somewhere, you know what I mean?
In other words, like if he stood up, they would fall out.
You need these back?
Who's are these?
Christina.
Oh, isn't that wonderful?
Good old Christina.
Okay, go ahead, sir.
I got to like my cigar.
Go on.
So they have just like oxy moron thing that they're doing in the mornings,
like things that sound like what they are, but they're in real life.
Who would I permanent McQueen?
Yeah, yeah.
Now, moron is the definitive word for that show, sir.
Exactly.
So one idiot caused in, some ten had caused in,
gives him the oxy moron, the best of neo-rodgers.
What do you think about that?
Mm-hmm.
Pretty low flow in it.
Mm-hmm.
What did they say?
Disgusting.
What did they say?
Just that.
As an oxy moron, the best of neo-rodgers.
Mm-hmm.
Disgusting.
Yeah, it's almost as disgusting as their sliding numbers over there.
It's almost as disgusting as the filthy crap that they say on the year
and the morning over there on that show.
Exactly.
Yeah, in fact, we got a guy who comes in at 10 o'clock when they leave the studio over there
who disinfects, he brings in like a lice-off spray and disinfects everything in that studio.
I'm serious.
Out of material.
Okay.
See you.
Wait.
Or here's a guy who, like, he knew when he was finished.
26 past 1 at W.I.O.D., we have it open.
No, we don't.
Look at that.
Boy, these lines this week since the birds have been gone.
The phones have been great.
You think that's just a coincidence?
Miami, hello.
Uh, neo?
Yeah.
Uh, one of those clouds is gone.
Hold, that you would be able to put it through.
I don't know.
What line was he on?
He could be, you know, something.
Let's see.
One through.
Now he's gone.
I went.
Yeah.
What he had to get his label machine going again.
He's not working.
Well, he's still.
He takes a portable label machine with him everywhere he goes.
He's just got to have that sound going.
Or it's like a security blanket.
Yeah.
All right.
Thanks for having me.
Okay.
Listen to that.
What a Carlos his friends wants to do like a little personal call here on the phone.
You know what I'm saying?
Don't be low on some pal.
I'll be back in three weeks.
Let's go to a mirror, Mar.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing today?
Terrific.
I was talking about the Cubs.
All right.
Now you're talking.
So you're now talking about a real honest to God, ball club.
I know.
And I used to be a meds fan.
You know, there's not too late to reform.
No, I have reform.
I'm now an avid cubs fan.
And I can now stand up proudly and say that the meds suck.
Exactly.
I didn't want to say it myself.
Anyway, Mitch Williams looked good from what I've been hearing.
Yeah.
I've got his rookie current.
I've got money from that now.
Do you?
Yeah.
Well, that's great.
He's got 25 saves now.
He leads the league.
He gave us a little scare last night.
He got the first two outs of the ninth inning.
And then he walked.
Let's see.
He walked a guy and Leon Durham of all people got a double.
But then he got out of it.
I love it.
Oh no.
As a matter of fact, then they scored a run.
He got a sacrifice fly made it four to two.
And then he got the last out.
Love it.
And we're shocking.
Matter of fact, you might remember me.
I mentioned the remote at Toyota Hollywood.
No.
I told you I had the Steve Stone and Michael Lekkey card.
Really?
That helped.
Not together, though, huh?
Yeah.
81 Steve Stone and 88 Lekkey.
Fantastic.
Well, Lekkey's been really looking good.
Pitching, too, I mean.
And all that to go along with my Andre Dawson autograph baseball.
Boy, Dawson made a good play on it last ball in the ninth inning last night.
He had to run a long way to get that.
Unfortunately, I can't see that.
I got the score.
If you, I don't want you to make your field bad.
But if you would have seen a play that Dawson made at shortstop last night,
it was the most incredible play.
I've been watching baseball 35 years.
And it was a high chopper on it.
It's an artificial surface at Bush Stadium.
And he came racing in.
And in mid-air, he bare handed it and threw on one hop and got it.
It was incredible.
How was it?
I was playing anything like it.
I'll probably see it on one of these plays of the week.
If Dunston would play only against the Cardinals, his baseball card be worth $100.
I'm telling you, I mean, he's just incredible against the Cardinals.
He's 10 for 20.
He's got three home runs against the Cardinals.
Unbelievable.
I would say so.
Let me also say that I was also hoping Carlos would be an economic, another one of his friends.
Really?
I didn't know Carlos had so many friends that all too now.
We used to go to school together before I graduated.
Why?
I asked you a personal question about Carlos because he's a nice guy,
but there's something that bothers me about him.
Sorry.
Why?
He always sounds so depressed.
I have no idea.
But does he?
He always says that.
In fact, Joe also, that call before Joe from Pepper Finds,
who's a good guy, but he always sounds real depressed.
Carlos, I don't know about how he's so depressed.
He just seems that way.
Yeah.
I think it's because he's a meds fan.
Oh, yeah, that explains it.
But I could be it.
OK, have a great one.
Are you too near?
See you.
Bye.
Now, what did you find out?
There are no more who tickets left.
You know, I want to tell you something.
I even went up.
I was sitting with Boy Geary and with Mr. Dizzy,
with that deduce bag that's the general manager of an
front Walt Disney's brother-in-law.
And I was sitting up there in the office last week.
Oh, we were talking about this ill-conceived trip to Chicago.
And I reminded them because they were talking something about
who tickets in Disney pulled out a pair and gave them to boy.
They were throwing them around like old baseball cards,
like Don Mossy cards.
OK, that nobody wanted.
And I said, by the way, Joe, over at Flores,
we have promised and Bill Wise has promised him a pair of these tickets
for like two months.
Because remember when Flores used to send all the food?
You remember.
Right, you don't know.
You just ate it.
But anyway, I mean, just tons of food.
They used to feed the whole building time and time and time again
at great folks.
They love us.
And we probably, they got baked for them.
And we promised them no problem.
And I was nervous about this.
Wasn't I?
I was having a, because I knew that Bill Wise, as usual,
is full of crap.
No matter what he tells you, it's an absolute falsehood.
And lo and behold, we've come to it Wednesday.
The concerts are the Who Concert Sunday.
And it's Wednesday.
And the word is, there are no more who told you that.
Boy, Gary.
I don't think I'm going to Chicago.
I think I'm going to boycott.
I think I'm going to, I'm going to protest.
What is this?
A memo?
There will be a Who Meeting in the conference room tomorrow.
This is a mandatory attendance.
This is the All the GTR.
Who told you there are two?
This is the same guy who told us that Cliff Morrison is a meteorologist.
Okay, which he's not.
There's a what?
Scott Schwartz has tickets.
But wait a minute.
That doesn't solve our problem, though, does it?
I don't give a flying leap about the people at GTR.
They don't need to go to the Who Concert.
They're already stoned out of their minds anyway.
They don't need to go to the concert for that.
The Meeting Tomorrow is at 11 a.m. in the conference room.
Oh, that's right.
You'll be here tomorrow.
You'll go in there and appropriate a couple of tickets.
And if they don't give them to you, you'll squash somebody's head, right?
Boy, this place, man, like I told you,
this is looking on to be a wee lie a lot at WIOD.
Boy, they've got more people here who tell tales and make up crap and just,
oh, sure, no problem.
We'll have them for you.
Don't hold your breath.
Okay?
As Pete Rose would say, don't bet on it.
Boy, I can't believe that they would do that to Joe.
Joe, we're going to do our best.
Okay, pal, I can't make any promises.
But tomorrow, we're going to raise a holy hell here, all right?
And if they don't come up with a hoop ticket,
I won't even take Troy and Todd in Chicago.
How do you like that for a threat?
Okay, it's 1230.
What do you want?
They just send this stuff.
Don't you understand?
They send us all this idiotic crap.
I don't know.
It's like all the rest of the mail.
It's well-intended, but a bunch of crap.
Anyway, it's 1230 or 135.
I'm not telling you another great thing about no lightning round.
It's not, I don't feel like we're kind of like backed up against the wall.
This last hour is like more relaxed and not hysterical and obsessive.
Wait a minute.
What do you mean, Charlie?
Did I just do Charlie?
Oh, geez, I missed that earlier.
Well, I can't believe that.
I can't believe they did that to them again.
Whoever makes this log, I hope that the bird of paradise drops.
Everything he's got on your brain, okay?
Miami, hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Great.
You know, it's really a shame that those guys at Florida aren't getting those tickets.
Because the day that you did the show that was right after you said it on the end
that they were going to get the ticket, I was in Florida's getting lunch.
Yeah.
Those guys are really excited.
Yeah.
And not only that, but it was how many months ago, it's got to be at least two months ago.
I thought it was years.
Yeah, it seems like it.
But you know, I feel wise that he's any kind of a businessman.
But he's not.
He's an asshole, okay?
Well, I have a whole lot of money.
He's just an absolute asshole and he comes in here.
Oh, sure.
No problem.
I'll take care of it.
And that means forget it.
That means he's not an least but interested man.
He never follows through on anything.
Well, he makes me sick.
You can give him a way out.
And the next time it's likewise comes in here to try to promote that stupid idiotic drug-oriented
radio station of his next door, we're going to shut off the mic, okay?
You know, the problem to give those guys, there's so many tickets floating around outside the stadium.
Give, tell Bill Wise to give those guys a blank check.
Yeah.
And they could pick up lots of tickets.
I don't understand what this is.
Maybe this is worth something.
That stamp that this idiot sent me in the mail, check it out.
You guys might be able to retire on that.
What is that, sir?
Tell Bill Wise to give those guys a blank check because it's less a scalper.
Bill Wise ain't going to give anybody anything except a headache, okay?
Trust me.
Well, it was a pain in the ass.
He's an idiot.
He's a douchebag and he makes me nauseous.
I'm afraid to go to plurus now because I think they're like, they're crying.
Well, they're going to hate us now and it's not my fault but, you know, we promised them and we, you know, did it with best of intentions.
And we thought that we could count on these people in the building to come through.
I mean, they had, because they're sponsoring the concert, right?
GTR.
So you know, they had millions and millions of tickets.
In fact, when I was in Disney's office, he and Boy Geary, the conversation was, oh, we got plenty of tickets.
They're all over the place.
I heard that with my own five years, okay?
So trust me, everybody inside the building is sucking up these tickets and they're all going to go there and have a great time.
And our friend down to our street who's been so nice to us, see how we turn our backs on our friends.
Well, the thousand are going to blame you.
I'm not going to Chicago.
I'll tell you.
Unless he gets those who tickets, I'm sticking around here.
I'll hang out at Todd and Troys house.
Well, you know, who's going to be in the bar at nine o'clock in the morning in Chicago?
Who's that?
Well, you know, like we guys have worked nine to five good and happy hour.
Well, it's like security guard happy hour.
They worked a great guard shift 12 to eight.
So there's going to be a bar full of security guards.
Yeah. Well, that's great. That sounds exciting.
That's what I've always wanted to do was to show it to a bunch of guys who are security guards.
Well, you know, it could be, you know, but we sure will love flying those planes up there.
I'll tell you that on Midway Airlines.
Listen, Neil.
You're supposed to be able to not go into someplace where there'll be some people.
What's that? Do you upload the birth of mine?
What's that? Like Tuesday when he's really bent out of shape from one day show.
Yeah.
I can't like you're trying to ease up a little and say, you know, like apologize a little and say,
listen, let's talk about Lakeland.
And then then start rally off the roster and the stats from the Lakeland Tigers.
No, we got a better one than that.
Our two guests here today who just kind of like are muscling in on the show lately.
They're, they're going to be here on Monday just sitting here in the two chairs
and the two empty chairs that are usually empty except when the fact reaches here.
Just to piss him off, just to make him paranoid and insecure.
Well, you wouldn't, you don't think that I'll drive him away, do you?
What?
Seeing a possible substitute.
Well, it'll make him real nervous.
So I'll tell you that I know definitely on personal experience.
Speaking of nervous, you're talking about the cup of weight season schedule.
That would make it easier for him to win a division.
Yeah.
Aren't you really nervous that Gary Carter is often disabled with?
Hey, that gives me more confidence than ever.
Yeah, it's not.
In fact, you noticed the first game he came back, then that's lost last night.
And that could have been the best thing that happened to them to keep them in a race
was when he got injured.
Well, remember there are no coincidences.
That's correct.
Okay.
Have a great life.
Yeah, boy, it's going to be rough.
Now, the Carter's back in here with his 125 average.
She is in cranes, especially with that great arm.
I think he threw a run around about two years ago, wasn't it?
Wasn't the last one about two years ago.
I think it was a picture.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Just the other day while I was getting the early break special,
I was cutting down Glenn.
He was on vacation.
Well, why do you do these things?
I don't know.
I can't help myself.
Well, that's just terrible.
I know.
Have a wonderful day.
All right, now.
140 at WIOV, 20 before, two.
That call was from sunrise, by the way.
In case there was anybody who had any doubts, let's go to a Palm Beach, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
That was incredible.
Wasn't that good?
First of all, a couple of somethings.
I think the greatest thing you've done lately is gotten rid of that light you've been around.
Yeah.
That was really beginning to hit ponder as well.
Very old.
Very old.
Very old and very, very poor taste, you know?
Yeah.
See, that's a problem with the public.
You give them an inch and they want a mile.
That's what Troy said in the last hour.
Anyway, back to the cup.
So you've never been to wriggly fields.
It's definitely a experience.
A experience?
Yeah, experience.
With the bleacher bumps out there, especially for weekend theories, with a rival like the Mets.
Yeah.
Well, it's going to be jam-packed.
Every game is a sellout.
And you were talking about how close Tiger Stadium was and how you touch out, reach out and touch the players.
When you get into wriggly fields, you're going to be shocked because it looks like a little ballpark when you get in there.
I mean, with the idea on the walls, it makes it look like centerfields around pitchers now.
It's really incredible.
And if you get a chance for a late afternoon lunch break or whatever, there's a place in Old Town over there called the Pico Barrow.
And it's just an incredible place.
It's an old-time tavern over there.
And it's a great place to go out and get a late bite to eat.
Yeah.
Late afternoon bite to eat.
But I know you'll probably have your time moving it out there.
Anyway, that's all I had to say.
I'll cut it short and...
Well, that's what the rabbi said when I was born too and that's the worst thing that ever happened.
Well, how a good trip.
Okay. Have a great life.
All right.
141 nuts. You think it's a joke boy.
You'd be in tears.
142 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Boka.
278-9463.
278-WIOD.
Well, that's one of the prizes you pay for being Jewish.
Miami, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Hi.
How can you keep letting Steve and Orypter show like that?
Well, you notice it was real brief today.
You notice that?
Yes, it was Carol.
First of all, it was an abortion if you pardon that expression.
I have a question.
And for a guy who's against abortions, you think he'd cut it out.
I have a question.
So you mentioned his name and a minute you mentioned his name.
Boy, he came in a studio over there.
It's incredible.
He's got like antenna.
I've been a city out of his ears now.
It's his life so exciting all he can do is hang around and be a shadow to hear him.
No, no.
He comes in around.
He's getting ready to do that show.
He's doing his homework and preparing that contract controversy.
He comes in about 1231 o'clock.
I mean, it's a repeat.
How much does he have to get to know?
Well, don't start ripping him now.
He's got four open hours calling him in.
You're so, Neil, you're so good at these things.
No, but listen, listen, see, I don't like these butt kisses.
I'm not calling you a butt kisser, but in other words, if you want to rip him and tell him that he's whatever,
he's got four open hours today.
No, I know, but he doesn't let you talk.
Well, you've got to be strong, OK?
Yeah.
Even when he hangs up, you have to still keep talking.
I just think it's your show.
It's your show.
It's your show.
And if he wants to talk and rant, maybe he'll know.
Isn't it amazing how like everybody wants a piece of this show?
I know.
It's your show.
I mean, you're nothing wrong with little piece.
That's what I've been trying to tell everybody here, but they don't agree.
But it's your show.
Right.
Stay out.
OK.
She said, stay out.
It's my show.
That's right.
OK, Neil.
What about Todd and Troy?
Can they hang out?
Can they hang out here?
Yeah, because they don't try and encroach you.
No, because they don't say anything.
They don't say nothing.
Which is the way the bird ought to be again.
Just sit around and shut up and get paid and go home.
Right.
Steps all in when every feels like it.
And if you're showing, Neil, everyone that knows you're show.
Know that when enough is enough, you'll tell them that.
So tell them.
Yeah.
Well, enough is enough.
No, like you do.
I'm from some of the Neil charm.
I know.
OK, have a great life.
You did.
OK, you're going to be all right?
Yeah.
See you.
Bye.
144, a WI.
She said it kind of like interesting.
Didn't she?
We have an open line in date.
751, 9463, 751, WI.
You might call it.
You're never going to get on because we don't have time for that many calls.
But it would be kind of fun to see it light up again.
Pumpano, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Look at that.
It's ringing out.
There's no chance.
Hold on a second.
Hold on one second.
Yeah, man.
Hold on.
Did you answer it?
Put that up.
There it is.
Now you know you're not going to get on, right?
Yeah, how about that, Neil?
But it's worth it, isn't it?
Yeah, but you actually did get on.
I know.
It's incredible.
So I faked you out, right?
Hold on.
I might go to you next because you sound like you've got something up your sleeve.
Oh, you better believe it.
OK, well, they'll let it out.
OK, you're still here?
Yeah, I'm with you, Neil.
William, I wasn't talking to you, was I?
Yeah, I hope so.
OK, whatever you say.
No, no, no doubt about it.
Was I talking to this column?
Yeah.
No?
No.
You with me?
Who was I talking to?
Boy, my Alzheimer's is acting up real bad.
Oh, hey, well, I got you now.
You know, I'm stuck with you.
Great.
Lawson's gone forever.
I got a clear, curious thing.
All this week when you were there, and this is not Ritzerberg routine deal.
But all this week, they were saying, and back to the Neil Rogers and Glenn Hill show.
We've already covered that, sir.
And a card has been destroyed.
We burned it right on the air.
How do hectives, did you have any knowledge of it?
No, I wasn't aware of it.
I'm pretty damn pissed off about it, too, sir.
OK, and you better never happen again, or I'm going to burn the building down.
You know, if it's a good one.
Oh, it's that.
You're like, Gary, it's our program director.
Don't you understand?
He's been on a bus from allure, Billy.
He picked him up at the bus station one day.
He's striking, and he's here now, you know?
Neil, tell me something if you can.
Real quick and easy.
You know, when I find I'm in a business of service business.
I get a lot of calls from radio stations wanting to have my service and my product
brought in, and they want to trade it for advertising.
I can respect that.
The broader system is very old.
Right.
It works great.
But they seem like the people in the business are now, now, for liars and hoars.
Hoars, I think, is number one liars just like kind of secondary goods.
What I wanted to was, if everything they can't add to my pocket and not see anything from me,
and just they want to, all they want to give you is their airtime.
And obviously, your time is money, but you're...
Right.
See, a lot of people think that prostitution is illegal in this country.
They don't know anything about broad-chanstead.
Yeah, right.
I can see it.
You know, I listen to you, and I turn around and say, you know what?
I made a wise move.
I've had a lot of, like I say, about good supply stations.
Major stations turn around and say, this is what we want to do.
And whatever I turn around and say, no, the last one and the fact happened to be in Y100
just after they did that for money.
Really?
No idea what really had happened until recently when I heard about it, you know, with you guys.
And the boy, I'm really glad because if they turn around and they stay there,
they're main people in the back.
What am I going to do to a little, you know, a lonely service company like myself?
Exactly.
They'll really give you a spring like I never saw in a question about.
I really say it with florist because I go in there a lot.
Well, listen, I am just filming at the mouth about that.
I'm not joking.
If they don't take care of Joe down at florist, Disney can do the show from the Chicago.
I'll just go see the ball games.
Okay, I just won't show up until you're in the ball.
You're an employee.
You're an employee.
They're like everybody else, maybe not.
But why don't you give your care tickets, put your hand to him?
I don't want any of this.
Well, that's an idea.
Yes, suppose I say I want to take it.
That's a thought.
Good, thank you.
Okay.
Okay, thanks for having a good one, man.
That's good thinking.
You have to be dishonest and devious like they are.
And then you can do business with them.
Were you on the line?
Yeah.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Well, he was such a good call.
I had to go to him right away.
Whad?
Who's Mike Disney?
And who's boy Gary?
Wait a minute, was I talking to you before?
Yeah.
Okay, I just want to make sure I don't do it twice in a row.
Who's Mike Disney?
Mike Disney is the general mangler who is totally lost.
Hasn't got any idea what plan it is on.
And boy Gary is our program director, the one who came in on the bus.
Is Mike Disney here, boss?
Yes.
How could you call him a douchebag?
Because he is.
Yeah, but are you all over the bunch of hype?
No.
But directly, a few months back, when you had some make believe restaurant, there was a food
for you.
Yeah.
You're waiting and waiting and waiting and glinting.
Yeah, you're probably the guy we spot.
You're probably the guy who set that up, aren't you?
Of course, thanks you.
Let me say it again.
You're probably the guy that set that up.
No, no, no, no, no.
I remember directly.
This guy, it's a rubber.
Sir, have you ever heard the word the term non-sequitur?
No.
Well, that's what this call is full of.
What does that have to do with, sir, when you shut up a minute and listen?
What does that have to do with Mike Disney?
Because, good news for the who Mike Disney is because Joe was very good to you.
That's right.
Go, what do you think I'm upset?
What do you think I'm upset about?
Let's think about it.
Kid, the guy.
If your voice gets any higher, sir, they're going to be convinced you had the operation.
The same one my dog's had.
I don't know.
You used to do something a boycott, though.
I'm going to play a dedication for this guy.
You're an old smoothie.
148, 12 before 2 at WIID.
I promise you, sir, when we come back from this break, you're going to be good.
Hey.
Is that OK?
Sure, I said there was Mr. Tremor and dragged there.
Boy, that was incredible.
It was kind of a drag, all right.
All right.
Hold on.
I see you didn't even think you were going to get on, right?
I don't know.
And now you've been on twice.
You're becoming like a miniature celebrity.
I'm a chronic.
Kind of like Tom Denenberg, a little tiny celebrity.
All right.
Hold on a second.
And we're going to talk about Charlie.
You're riding him in his business.
I can understand it.
If we ever started doing that, he accused me of ripping him off.
So I don't dare do it.
I just didn't do a few minutes today and one guy called me because
whoever he had, somebody was on the front of his,
don't ever let that guy call again.
He goes, there's a chronic.
His name's Bob from Papa No.
Oh my God.
Well, he hasn't called here in a long time.
Bill's got him now.
Anyway, yeah.
What the hell is he going to do?
No wonder he's been a little ill.
Yeah, he's got a real bad.
He was choking and broken.
No, he's a lot better.
Boy, Saturday we went to the track.
He was, so I thought he had pneumonia.
Yeah, yeah.
He was gasping and weezing and choking.
And most of his horses were two as a matter of fact.
Did you get stuck on that one that Hank the other night was telling me about
he better worse than they ended up scratching it or no, just qualified it.
And he said he loved to, he loved a lot.
Oh, you know, something Hank is always crying.
Okay, he's always crying.
My best friend, Hank Goldberg, he's always crying about a loose.
The audience doesn't care about that.
That's why they call it gambling, okay?
That's right.
That's what Pete Rocha said.
He said, you know, if you're going to punch your brains out,
you expect to lose a good part at a time.
Well, you're here at Article 10, other corner.
Especially on the reds.
About what, Ted Williams was the only guy that really said, you know,
what he did on the field, you know, that's why he should be in a hall of fame
and all these other guys were really, were really given it to all Pete.
Were they?
You asked me if I'd care whether Pete Rocha's in a hall of fame.
As long as Harry is in there now, we're in good shape.
That's right.
You know what? And they had this thing on the ESPN the other night didn't show one second of Harry Care.
Yes, they did.
They did?
At eight o'clock.
On the ESPN they'd call.
Oh, yeah, they had a lengthy segment about Harry.
It was great.
In fact, it was better than the special, the WGN did at 9 o'clock.
It was terrific.
But from the hall of fame, Thuramon?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Well, no, they didn't show his speech, but they had a great speech on him for about 15 minutes.
It was terrific.
It was the longest segment of the show.
Oh, I didn't see that.
I was watching all day and they didn't show anything about his speech.
Peter Cron.
Well, the speech, to be honest with you, you didn't miss much.
They showed that on GN.
I wasn't doing too exciting.
I bet you, uh, Skip was real proud of him.
He was here and Chip, his grandson was there.
Skip Chip and...
And Flip.
They got three generations of carries doing sports.
I like Skip too.
He's all right.
He's good.
I like him.
You know, you have the same...
I feel sorry for him, but being there with the Braves and with Ernie Johnson, boy, that's really a...
Yeah.
They were some death.
You have the same nasal quality as he does.
Not, you know, nothing derogatory, but I mean, you have an nasal quality?
But we know.
Just out of your voice.
You know, I really?
You know, I have the name.
Now, you don't know, you know, not like me, but like him.
And, uh, I'll be listening to Hank tonight.
See what he has to say about those horses.
Maybe he can come up with his horse.
Oh, if he starts belly-hacking again, Hank, if they call him up and give him a hard time.
Okay.
Tell him that's why they call it gambling.
Yeah, he was...
He was a trolling for food the other night.
In fact, I don't want to...
I shouldn't tell tales, but Nick Gonzalez up at the call to who's the PR guy.
When Bill Carter and I were up there a couple of weeks ago, he went on a great length.
And of course, Nick is the kind of guy who's kind of a boring guy.
He's an ice guy, but terminally boring.
Never says anything.
He went on for like 20 minutes about Hank keeps calling him at home and belly-hacking.
He can't cash with call to her.
And he keeps losing here.
And he ripped the hell out of me because I got ripped off for eight bucks in ballet parking.
And he, you know, like I wasn't supposed to tell that when I got...
My money was stolen.
Yeah.
But if he's up there gambling, nobody is forcing him to bet.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
So if he's punching his brains out, good luck to him.
Those horses got to eat.
Yeah, Bill, Bill would even cry and approve this money that he didn't cash the ticket yet over there.
Well, I got news for you.
Call to his life.
He's always the same.
You go for weeks, he'll never cash.
And then he'll hit some ungodly perfect.
He'll have like a $5 perfect and he'll pay about $6,700 bucks.
And then he'll have gambling money for another four weeks.
They'll go another month he won't cash your ticket.
That's called her.
He's got the same pattern ever since I've known him.
He's got a bet like that guy at a cost of $12.1.
The guy that was a friend of the jockeys when he goes $2 on a show.
That's the...
