five six six six six eight half. All right, Baba, what's up? Why do you ask me? Three drugs. Not a half-free drugs. Two two, part-off. Two two, part-off. Take it first. The longest to the highest to the small two. My fellow Americans, I stand before you tonight. Part off, growing, part off. Expanding, part off. Rising, I reach out line two. To all of you, a rock solid. Part off, part off, part off, part off. And that's what we've done. We've done three drugs. To not a half-free drugs. Two, two, part off. Take it. Two, part off. Take it. And ask that we join together and stand in the American people. Take it. Oh, God. You know, right there in, how long was that? The 30, uh, 39 seconds. Was more entertainment than I've heard all morning long. Now, that's not for our morning show. I haven't been listening, then, of course, I never do. But I mean, I made a bad mistake this morning, which I'll never make again. Well, I'll never say never because I said that once before. Well, I got sucked in, you know. And I must have been the only one I got sucked in by the height. No, I listen to this. Oh, God. If there's anybody that tried to call Rick and said this morning, please call in. No, I mean, if there's anybody that tried to call him in to talk about that OJ thing, because I know that they do that real heavy screening. I hate talks, they're, you know, they do heavy screening. Or they do any screening. That's what makes it boring, including on a sport shows. What do you want to talk about? What's your shoe size? And do you agree with the host? And do you have any idea what you're talking about? And, you know, what a bunch of crap that is. And one of the most, and again, keep in mind that I'm saying one of the most desperate publicity stunts in the history of broadcasting. Stupid talk, readyo. Did I say that right? Readyo. It's done this OJ thing now. And of course, there must be just a coincidence that they did it after I talked two days ago about the fact that where Foster was desperately trying to get his good buddy. Roll. Okay, in here. Uh-huh. Yeah. So I first discovered this in the paper on page 2A in a Haroldus morning, open up my paper to the inside second page. By the way, some really bad chronic stare at the end of the morning show on this station. That Mark guy, whatever that guy's name was. Oh, do you hear that one? That voice. I mean, you are so chronic, Mr. It just makes me want to barf. I almost had a bed. I heard him in the chair. I almost did a Randy Rhodes in the chair. I almost did a Roy Foster had bloody oozing, oozing, stools right here in the chair. After hearing that voice, talk about chronic. But anyway, so I've returned to page 2A because I'll always check out that those little columns. I mean, I have a certain way of reading newspapers, which you can do in this town in about the 17 minutes, read both papers, cover the cover in about like six minutes and about 17 seconds. So anyway, it says, but does you want to tell you? Since OJ Simpson is shopping for Diggs in South Florida, radio station WINZAM, the AM Super Talk 940, yes, I'm giving you a lot of publicity again. Okay, guys, it worked. There you go. Oh, it won't help. Stupid Talk 940, you seem to get to offer my radio gig from 10A in the new weekdays to tell his new neighbors his side of the story. If he's got the guts, we've got to Mike says John Ford, Super Talk Ready owes Assistant Program Director to pay a thousand dollars a day. Now stop and think about that. Do you know anybody in this business on the year who gets paid by the day? No. So another way, and they also said that there were a lot of give him the thousand bucks or the charity his favorite charity was choice. So yes, they figured it may be it might not last like a whole day. Like maybe 10 to 11 would be like $500. 10 to 10, 15 would be like $255, something like that. Can you imagine the phone calls? This is a guy that's going to do a talk show. I can just hear in fact I guarantee I know what the first call would be because I would make it because I would take off sick that day. And by the way, bring him on guys. I can just see the headline after the next rating book right now. Rogers kills OJ. Rogers berries the juice. I can see it now. I mean, are you kidding? Are you people out of your mind? Is that your problem over there? How about desperate? Is that ring a bell? Desperate. I mean, so I turn on chairman of the channel surfing this morning and lucky me, channel for news. 730. And there's the whole story. Thank God you people are channel for news are smart enough not to get sucked into a stupid publicity stunt by stupid talk radio. Radio. Thank God you're sharp enough not to get sucked in on it. And they're doing a lot of the guys over there and he's holding the mic. You know, he's making props for this story. Yeah, if OJ's got the time, they've got the microphone and they got the $1000 a day and all the other crap. Welcome to the interview Peter Bolcher. Because what does he know about radio? I didn't see them in a few hours. I mean, if you really stick the assistant out there, quote him, why not the assistant? Maybe Peter Bolcher was too embarrassed all the way down that he has much of an embarrassment factor, but even he probably was too embarrassed to go on there and admit that this desperate. And of course he probably could always deny that he had anything to do with it. One of the sponsors starting in call canceling left and right saying, maybe that'll be on your station. Okay, we're crossing you assholes off the list. All of a sudden to me, like they already most of them have. So I get sucked in myself in this morning for the first time in a long. I'm having trouble staying awake right now. I got to be honest with you. I'm serious. I'm in a coma. I feel like Ripfan Winkle, which likes some Dunkin Donuts coffee. No thanks. I don't want to get that hyper. In fact, the Dunkin Donuts who is very delicious, actually very much, but that breakfast, the sausage and bacon and cheese and that whole thing that I ate. That's why I'm solo-tharget. I don't need breakfast. Do I ever eat that early? No. And I had my blood sugar this morning was 97. Pretty good. I liked that. That was an ice number. I bet you're right now. We wouldn't want to take it. Not that anybody cares. I'm not looking for sympathy. I didn't ask for it. George offered it and I said, okay. The Dunkin Donuts people. I don't want to get on their bad side. I will screw up for the free food for the morning theme. But stop feeding me stuff that I don't need. Not that early in the morning. Okay. In addition to which, why did they have to make like 85 layers of it? And I told them to. Yeah, well that's your fault. Of course George now is like, you know, waiting in the wings. He's just looting around in the wings. Oh, by the way, you'll be pleased to know those of you who wait George like poison that Monday. Being a holiday. I won't be here, of course. And he won't either. We'll play Jeff Hovershow. Yes, the Jeff Irmer and OJ Simpson show. Let's see which one pisses you off first the most. No, it's going to be a tape. And Robert Grimmarabber will be here. We may hear the same spot eight or nine times, but Robert will be here. I'm Monday. Isn't that wonderful? You'll hear a tape for those of you who wait Joe. George, whatever his name is, George. Either one of the angel. So anyway, I get sucked into tuning in this morning to a stupid talk to Rick and Seds for the first time in a long, long, long time because I got really. Oh, Rick talking about the stock market. The rare value is minus two. Oh, oh, choose. Do in his minute, his poor man CNBC imitation. So I listened leaving the house and I listened even right here. We have our little radio that our good friend David Gravy line gave us when we first moved over here. I didn't hear them talking about it. I heard one stupid promo on their saying, W, they don't use the callators. That's another, bring it move. Stupid talk right, radio. The new home of OJ Simpson. Maybe. Did I hear a call about it? Did I hear them talking about it? No. So maybe we can get some expiry ports. I must have missed something. Is it conceivable that it was on television and in the newspaper and that nobody called about it? No. Is it more likely that maybe they were screening out of anybody that wanted to talk about it? Really? I don't know. I don't want to assume anything. All I know that Rick, I'm serious. I know it's a holiday weekend and it's a dog, dog-based, and everything. But that the hour and a half died, invested in my life this morning. I could have been pulling hairs out of my nose. I could have been picking seeds out of my eye. I had a more productive morning. I mean, guys, I know everybody needs to eat. I wish you nothing but the best, especially suds and Adam. But oh, my god, radio and radio and this market is so bad. Maybe OJ might be a, you know, at least something. Huh? Like the final, final meal in their coffin. Oh, it looked like the me. Bring him on. My bet you could be almost as big as Sandy Payton and the bitch. That babbling brook. Put together. We'll get some spy reports on that. I hear it too. So I'll be here to want to clock today. George will be on it. What from under two for those who hate George. Just to make up for the fact that he won't be on Monday. Isn't that why you're doing it? Oh, yeah, that's right. Yeah. Piss off the people that hate you like poison. 10 minutes after 10 at 5. 60 WQA and dope. So, I'd like to say, It's like a What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? No matter how far to try. Don't understand why this is why to change. So just how tough it is today. People starving, there's some can. With drawing money and their things. You such a bunch silly geek. Acting like paranoid creeps. Oh, you've been leaving, why do you care? No. No. No. I feel some things that we say. I really don't need you hot and gray now. Do you believe in what you care? What do you care? What do you care? What do you care? I feel some things that we say. I really don't need you hot and gray now. 10 seconds after you're in the gestion station for the 90s. WQA and we got there. What do we got today? I think we can do that. You're in the studio again. Is that possible? I'm in the building two days in a row. We got talking baseball with Donny B. It's a clock to fill up an hour before the Marlin pregame show. Do you're reds here in Miami to play tomorrow tonight at the 7 o'clock? Any interest? Oh, OK. So I was talking about shameless publicity stunts. I'll give you one that was even worse. What's your Georgia and I were discussing this morning? Yeah, I caught the beginning of the show. It was a show that played the promo about that. It came on and they were in a state of shock. They weren't informed of the head of time. They couldn't get ahold of anybody in the management. They said they would walk as such as they happened. They actually said that? All right. Let's hear it for a second. I'm going to be a bit wrecked. And they took two cars on it. One guy was like said it was the OK because everybody could tell him off. And the other car was said the John Ford could listen to you. Yeah, exactly. That's right. How you doing, John? You asked all we know you're listening. They listened. They admitted everybody over there. Listen to this show every single day. Folders listen right now. That little piece of anonymous puts John Ford is listening right now. Super talk ready. Oh, who's still doing stuff from the 50s? The 1850s? Yeah. And Rick said that. Yeah. Is it that obvious? Of course, about that. But you ignorant slut. Yeah. Oh, and then they finally decided to just ignore it and hope that it would just go away. So that's why they didn't. Well, I got news for it. You would have been a lot more exciting than the crap they were talking about this morning. I would. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'll take the game without it. Maybe I just caught him on a bad day. I realized it's a holiday weekend. That was the most terminal almost two hours that I ever. And I kept waiting specifically. I tweeted in for a specific reason. And I didn't even hear that. I heard about evil, connevalent, some stunt gone bad. And then I heard a lot of rambling about Disney world. I heard three phone calls. And that was it. And it like two hours. What kind of a show is that? I think maybe it's just they couldn't get a home to management. They didn't know what was going on. They didn't want it. They didn't want it. They didn't want to get into it. Maybe we don't know what we're doing. Oh, I think back what I said in other words, they didn't grow up here. Okay, I take every track that. I'm just guessing. Because if Rick really grew up here, I'd be shot. I'd be really shot. Thank you, sir. Very much. God bless you. See, there's a spy report. We got a big crossover with Rick and Spuds. Oh, sure. That one guy. He will get some others. Maybe they weren't screening out anybody. Maybe just nobody cares. You know, I didn't see any tremendous response here a couple of days ago. When I was getting all bent out of shape about, you know, who? Oh, I'm not saying his name on here. 560, 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Before we go into that other thing about the broad with the Hershey Kisses. Oh, man, you veteran to old IOD listeners. I'm going to tell you that day. That was the most disgusting and grotesque. I mean, we all get desperate in this business. I get desperate here every day because I'm talking to a bunch of dead people in a place where the average age is 200. What do you expect? But I mean, sometimes you do things that are so, so patently, obviously desperate at anybody else's expense. That's the thing. Why do something at somebody else's expense? It's like, so call somebody an asshole. What I would do that? No. What I call John Ford an asshole? No, no, even though it course he is. Everybody knows he is. But I call, but I call Pete Bolger and Assassin, a backstabbing, life destroying piece of third. But I do that. No. Even though everybody over there and everybody in the market knows that he is. I hope he has a lot of sleepless, sleepless nights. Here's a traffic report in Pembroke, Pinsa, but it's about, oh, it's in Pembroke, Pinesa, hello. Neil is on North Carolina 95, right north of the Pembroke road exit. It is an all lanes of 95, we've got everybody out there and somebody got heard it's a big deal. So everybody should just watch out for going north on 95 south of the Pembroke road there. Okay, thank you, sir. You're welcome. That bless you. There you go. And we got a lot of money weekend. I heard about the thing on the, was it the duty of the total and now we got 95 and we got all kinds of crap going on. Because you people are out of control. It's not even there officially the holiday weekend yet. It's only Friday morning and already we got people out of control. I noticed coming to work this morning was kind of light. I thought most of everybody was out of Pembroke now. At least I was hoping. I don't thought anybody would have bring with already be out of this guy for a second place. So what tell my still doing here? Well, what a clock I'll be gone. Long gone. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. I hate to break the news to you Rick, but not a big crossover here with this show. Not a big crossover with that stupid talk. It probably all is in the doctor lower right now. Bitch out all the men. Cuss him out that man hitting piece of turd. Not that I would attack doctor lower. You understand because that would be an act of desperation in my part. Here's Fort Waterdale. Hello. Yes. Yeah, I'm one of your crossovers. Okay. For the process. Those glory days back in the, I would be now we got a jump around with that. I'll get everybody. Are you sure? Yeah. I had a good amount of computer to hear him. Are you? Yeah. Yes, yeah. Wait a minute. Who said Phil Henry wouldn't be on QAM, right? Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. I know Rick in his car is truck right now. This is way to his computer store and I'm sure. He allowed a listen to this show. I know there are other people. He's by and know where the Rick was allowed to listen. I think it's the only station his radio actually. Hey Rick, how's it going? Go for that drink. Yeah. He's got to get you out of his system though. He actually said this morning. Okay. Our poll question for the day is. Oh, no. He's doing a poll question. Yes. And why do I want to spend a lot of time with him working. But I will anyway. I, you know, it's the first time I've listened a long time. They played a bit at eight o'clock. They played that old Sally's drug this bit, you know, which is older than Matusla. And then they come out of the nine o'clock news break. And they're playing beer is good for you for the 80. It's still would be like if I played the bridge that wherever you got them day. I mean, after all this time, would you think they had something new and different? Yeah. Well, you did miss. You were sleeping, I guess during the B.O.J. it was like from 6 o'clock 7 to about. Next thing that'll be playing my stuff like like that. That was good. Or like, yeah, more like that. Yeah, I think the reason it thanks doing doing more in studio things now. Yeah, like he's getting down to work like it was a door and getting inside. Yeah, that might be it. So he's going inside more. Okay, she was. Thanks for the goodness. Whatever you say. Yeah, so anyway, speaking of that, I can't get a good point yesterday about this thing with the bluff getting the employee of the month. And these idiotic lines and this thing that Greg Reid writes out in this men all again. Sometimes insurmountable odds and in the face of severe adversity. That's right. The severe adversity, Hank, is absolutely right, is that we did it. We made the big rating with no promotion, no publicity, no assistance, no equipment that works most of the time. And speaking of Hank being out on a road doing the show, there's nothing wrong with that except at about 90% of the time. The ISDN breaks down and we can't get him on the year for the first 20 minutes. And the whole show is in my own year. Are we on the air? He's not on the air. You know, every day. So yeah, there's severe adversity, all right, because we want to work for a bunch of cheap back to it. Not that I carry you on this day. I want you to get the feeling I have lost to that loving feeling because I haven't. I couldn't care less as long as the checks keep coming. And what I've seen in this place, man, I could write volumes about. And it's obvious that not anybody is going to change this. God Jesus Moses, Charlottes, Heston, themselves couldn't come in here and change this joint. So why don't I always say my time? Here's Hollywood. Hello. Oh, good meal. Yes, sir. I'm great. I'm another one of the crossovers. Oh, right. I listen to, by the way, you need to think of a runner-run for going on the year several years ago, because that's one of the reasons why I was in refined you about five or six years ago. Neil Rogers. Yeah. And so yeah, I do listen to Rick and Sud and. I'm still living. So you, yeah. I'm sorry. I'm really nervous. Why is that? I don't remember that. And then I'm that bitch. What is it? I don't remember finish the story about the fat bitch with the Hershey Kisses. That's that to me was the worst exploitation even worse than this OJ stunter tried to pull over there, which is going over like a pregnant pull of all the way. That was pretty sad. And one wasn't just said, but if you could have seen it. And I don't know if you remember George reminded me this morning, here's this 800 pound elephant, poor lady who's addicted to sugar, who's like killing yourself on foot. And they bring her in there to see how many Hershey's kisses she can eat. And I walk in there and I reach out to get one. Only one. And she grabbed a hold of my hand with a claw-like fist. And I'm going to tell you, I, uh, pre-mo carnera himself could never have had a stronger grip than this bitch. I mean, so that was true. That's what you, that's what you're talking about. And why her she's kiss you, bastard. Uh, one really quick thing, uh, by the way, you're showing you that. It was the best, uh, as they all, well, as they all are in about, uh, the, uh, no promotion for your radio station. Uh, I think, uh, I also work in corporate America. Yeah. Where you would think that if you do think, like, promote and do things that make sense, that's how your company makes more money. Uh, although, uh, Neil, I have to tell you, uh, all spots ready. It was really tough to get a hold of you. When I call every time I call, I'm always up against the break and on the phone for a question. Are you the one I call I got right now? You're it. You're a medley of our call. That's it? You're the only call I got. Uh, by the way, um, that bitch that comes on on WIOD. Yeah. Yeah. I hate her. I really do. Yeah. You were done here. Why is that a point? You were on zero zero minus three that one? Yeah. You used to listen to her? Yeah. Uh, a long time ago, but I can't do it. I really mean I would rather rip it out. Because it's not a high style. We'll see you through the disgusting countless bitchy videos. And have a great day, sir. Thank you. Great holiday to you. Okay. Watch out for all the crazy people with a traffic out there. Okay. I mean, you're going to be a lot of people going to die this holiday weekend. I want to sound like one of those corny radio people. All you little kids out there like Don Sherry does. Oh, by the way, the least lost last night. I mentioned that in passing lost the game. Okay. The people in there. Oh, gee, you must be psychotic. Yeah. My life is turning to ashes because the maple leaves lost the game live. That's one game. Okay. Had a couple of defense. And we wanted to talk Christmas was coming early. They gift wrapped a couple of goals for the sabers. It said, oh, here you go. Here's the book. Have a good time with it. And that's the end of that game. These buffalo people like Pat Quincy is what about to sourpusses huh? And at hash. He should get 20 years for over acting for that performance. Like every time somebody breathed on all you's falling. Oh, he's and finally even Carrie Fraser with a bad hairdo said, Give me a break. Cut the crap. Okay. Cut the over acting man. This thing takes more dives than Greg Lewis saying. This is Saber's thing. 1026 at 560 W to QA and ever just this on a year. There's no one in slow to know that's what's going on. Oh man. Yeah, let me help you adjust that. I'm sorry. 1031. Well, I didn't even do it. It's Friday. You best. What's the one to play this one more time just in case they missed the beginning of the job? Three drugs. I don't have three drugs. Two two. Part on. Two two. Part on. But the longest to. The highest to. The smallest who my fellow Americans. I stand before you tonight. Part on. I don't know how to explain. Part on. Rising. I reach out my tool to all of you. A rock solid. Part on. Part on. Three drugs. Tonight I have three drugs. Two two. Part on. Two. Part on. And as we join together and stand in the American people. Take it. That's pretty. Two at 560 W to QA. I could just play that for the whole three hours and be more entertaining than the crap I heard this morning. You know what I'm saying? Like. A service announcement about. Sally's. Like that. Oh. I just I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe my ears because they play like very little stuff and they got a whole DCS full of old stuff, North of which is ours but nevertheless. I mean, you know, next thing you know you'll be hearing stuff like there's show, you know. That was devastating. I mean, I'm glad that they're working and that we're talking as way into a, you know, any would job there in a much reduced salary but nevertheless, you know, we all got to eat. That's fine. We're going to put those breakfast patties on the table. But that was. Terminal was really bad. And the old J thing obviously nice going John Ford. Nobody here cares. Nobody over there cares. They didn't even talk about it. But what does that tell you? I'm not so sure whether that's good or bad. But again, that's part of software as part of the mentality. There's no outrage. There's no passion, you know. Maybe nobody watches. Channel four. Maybe nobody reads the Harold. Although somebody one of our very, very chronic factors. Facts that to me after I already mentioned it on the ear of the thing about the. O.J. on that. If you got the balls, we got the microphone. And somebody said something like that on super talk radio. Why is this so much bad bad radio in this country? And in this market in particular, this is such a bad bad bad. Are you positive that this is one of the all-time worst? It's amazing that we do as well as we do because you would have thought by now. There would have been a lot of people took their radios and just threw them in the dumpster. Just out of sheer disgust. I mean FM radio, we already know absolutely blows here. The music is the worst. Just go get you one of those CD burners and just have a party to your heart's content. You know, put all the stuff you like on CD into the hell with the radios. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I told you it was going to be like this tonight. Really slow. I would have thought that just the Rick and Ted's crossover. We could kill at least two and a half hours with that. Here's my any. Hello. Hello. Yes. I took the opportunity. The opportunity to give you a call when we were a had no calls. No, you're it. I got it right on. You're it, sir. Yeah, thank you. It's the holiday weekend, like I said anybody with a brain. They're out of here already. They're long gone. They are far away. I'll still get a half of a brain wrong side would be out of here. You need to. Hey, listen. I found that you were worse radio. You're right. Radio here is that. Pretty bad. But look Daniel. I listened to work. I said, let me be objective. Let me listen to it. You talk about that. You talk about that. You. I had to turn it off. Here's a dead end. That's why I've never been afraid to promote people on other stations because I know that when you took it into first time, you're like, uh, I just got over yourself and you say you're right. I never to. I may never make that mistake again. I mean, it's good. You're pretty good. But you know, when you listen to book Daniels, you're you're the greatest. Right. I mean, it actually, I'm not good at all, but the fact is that being on against everything else in this market, it makes me sound spectacular. It's like vanilla ice cream, you know, compared to eating dog poop, it's really pretty damn good. Yeah, she was bad when I thought there was a blood drop of the food down behind your back. That's why I'm saying it's kind of like they're weak. And, uh, and the best part of it is that they can't her once and they brought her back again. That's the best part of the whole deal. And you don't know bad the first time it had no numbers and they brought her back a second time and she's already blown away two turns of the F. and audience over there. I wonder who, uh, who kind of picture she has. But listen, now, let me tell you as far as the, um, as far as the morning show I, I don't listen to Rick and says it all. Yeah. I've been wanting to wall I do. And it does bring back memories of you Rick and so. I think we have a whole lot of people who, you know, have this nostalgic thing going about the old IOD. And it was long for the day was it was a lot of fun. We had me and Rick and Susan Phil and even when Randy was there at night, it was like a whole family and people would listen morning noon and night. Uh, and it's gone. It's not coming back. It's like people are keeps saying, well, when Phil coming back, he's not coming back here. Yeah. He's like a guy who escaped from raford. He's not going to come back. People are crazy. What's your right? I live that I kid you not. I'm just going in from six and two and a half like around 10 or so and night. And you could you couldn't turn it off. The stuff was hilarious. That's right. And that Phil Henry absolute genius. You know, and and even Rick and Sud sounded better on that station than they do now on that stupid talk because they're like they're fondering, they're like, and I remember Rick you know and rightfully so belly aching about the fact they got no support in the morning and they had no promotion and no not think it actually managed to be wanted in the field because they hated them like boys and especially Rick. Yeah. But, uh, he's not what you're getting now. them. They got Mike Wolfs' sitting and they're reading stupid news stories about our bill for five minutes. I mean, it's a joke. Yeah, but I tell you what if it came through, I'll listen to O.J., or listen to book Daniel, I'll take O.J., and let's put that. I'll try that. I think O.J. for Morning Drive after what I heard this morning. Okay, great. Yeah, but see ya. I'm serious. That was a bad show. But we all had bad shows. I mean, look at this thing we got going here today. Okay, not too much. I got a great letter to the editor. We're getting more and more spectacular letters. And these are good ones. For a while, I was reading the bad ones of the embarrassing ones. But now we're getting good ones. And I can gradually lose Williams in Lauderdale. I'm going to read your letter in a couple of minutes here. Lewis, nice going sweetheart. And I forgot to mark which paper again. This is in God. I can't tell the print. I just can't tell one from the editor now. They both are interchangeable. I guess this is a dissent because he's in Lauderdale. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Great. I'm calling. I'm listening to you for a while. You kind of woke me up to a lot of things. Listen, I might be moving north here around the Jacksonville area. Is there any chance I'll find anything on the AEM up there? No. I'm dead in the water. Hello Steve. Nickel is putting a new station on the earth. There we call this a couple of months ago. And he said, well, you got a good radio show, man. Like I said, you will keep in mind as always the audio. Always the internet. Yeah. Well, I can't afford up computer right now. So I don't want to tell you. All right, man. Okay. Good luck now. Not to luck. You'll need it up there in Duval County. You're lucky enough here in Duval County. You're lucky those little kids in the Yatries with the Banjo Zero Cute. 567560. You know the ones with the one eye in the middle of their forehead. 560. 560. That's the one. And pound the 560 on the mobile one line. Oh, God. Oh, why die? I felt so damn good this morning. I had a nice little blood sugar in and Georgia's trying to sabotage my life. When Georgia's on from one to two today, by the way, rip him an ass for ruining my health. Oh, his intentions were good because last time they were here dunking donuts. It was like more today's time around toward the middle of the day. You know, it was more like about 1130. And they made me like a small cheese and bacon and whatever. They are a little thing. You know, it is nice little snack. But no, that wasn't sufficient. You just like my mother. You know, all you're so fat but here have this and make yourself sick. And I am. I hope you're proud of yourself. I feel real. Logi is the word. Logi. You'll feel all right after a big crap. This has nothing to do with crap. Although I wouldn't be surprised any minute. I am having that kind of loose feeling again. As an I love loosely. I am having that the distinct feeling. 21 before 11 at 560 WQA. I'm a winner. It doesn't whistle. I'm singing this song. I'm feeling kind of sad. I got my smile from my mouth. I'm not much in for my dad. I thought of body like a driving range mat when it's cold outside. You can just hang your hat. I can slow in your ear gives you a laughter. But you won't notice me to like get some implants. I need a guy who has got issues like feeling up a chest and finding issues. I'm feeling a little bit of pain. I'm not much in my heart. I need your sympathy. I've got a nice ass and so like this. But I can't get a man because I got no titties. I know titties. I just wonder if I can't afford. When you lay on me just wear your an diving board when I turn the 11 I started to get cute. Now I'm 24 and so waiting on my boot. I say I'm cute. This am frifty. I'm not one who needs your titties. I've got a nice ass and for like I can't get a man because I've got no titties. I know titties. I've got no titties. Oh, I'm 24 at 5.60. WCU. I'm so anyway yesterday somebody faxes me all the stuff about aspirin. It gets to the point where you just want to sew your lip shut. You know. I mean this is just all about aspirin. The bad news and it goes on and on. And I've heard this before, you know. It just appears to cause. So this is Newtrisweet, aspirin. All the stuff that we're drinking by the gallon especially those of us were drinking like lots and lots and lots and lots of diet soda and thinking we're doing ourselves a big favor by not putting all that dangerous sugar in our systems and sitting our blood sugar or skyrocketing flush it. Hermists. No thank you. It appears to cause slow silent damage and these unfortunate those unfortunate enough not to have immediate reactions and a reasonable void it. So another if you're one of those speedo kella I analyze whatever they call it. What is the word for that? Haven't you ever read that on the bottle? If you write feto keto, anteline, acalca, salsa or something which means you're immediately allergic to it and you can't drink it. Okay. What? Haven't you ever heard that? See here you go again. He thinks he knows he's a feto. A feto, a feto, a feto, a feto. A feto. A feto. A feto. A feto. A feto. A feto. A rejagito. He's on the ojish. He's going to be his first guest. Feto, Benito. Anyway, it says it may take five years, five years, ten years or 40 years, but asperateem seems to cause some reversible and some irreversible changes in health over long term use. Methanol, aka wood alcohol slash poison is 10% of asperateem. Methanol slash wood alcohol, a deadly poison, 10% of asperateem. I bought a bottle of a diet squirt together today for the first time in years. Do you like squirt? Squirt? Which reminds me a little bit of verners. Well, no verners is a different taste, but it's got that wooden thing in it. I was looking at the ingredients and it has like wood something in it. Or wood? No essence of a worm of wood. I don't know. Essence of your worm. Squirt? Squirt? Yeah. Oh, that was yesterday. So there you go. One more thing that we just can't go to be putting in our miles and the goddamn asperateem to Jesus. Is there anything left that we can let us say? No. That's worthwhile. No. Taste good. No. Everything's bad for us. And again, it's because that damn God again keeps screwing around with us. Let's say this. 560, 50560 pound, 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Western. Hello. Western. Okay. Nice talking to you. Five minutes and 58 seconds of his important life he invested in that call and when push came the show when the money was on a line he couldn't handle it. Now we're back down to one call again. Here's a mobile in pop and oh hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes, I am. How are you doing? Okay. First time call. All right. And I say you're very new, Missler. I'm new, Missler. Miss, where's the where's the? Yeah. New, I know. Okay. Okay. Well, I just want to say I've been listening to it. I was an FM listener for a while. I got tired every one day and I switched over to AM and I was flipping through the channels and came across you and I enjoyed it very much. Well, thank you. Just want to say just keep up the good work and maybe the next hour and I call. I have some good things to talk about. Excellent. You keep working on it. So you have a good day. And back to you. Yeah. All right. So yeah, nothing to say but at least he was a good guy. Okay. He, he, in fact, he was honest about. He said maybe somebody will have something to say although probably not. Here's that letter that I threatened you with by the way from the essential from Lewis Williams in Lodohill, great letter to the editor. And I'm so ecstatic. I'm tickled pink to be seeing more and more letters like this coming from people who've got CR audience. They don't have to guts to say these things. And they don't really need to because I'm saying them anyway. It says God didn't help students at Columbine High. Ray, the massacre at Columbine High School in Little and Colorado. Well, two teenagers were making bombs and preparing guns for what they were about to do were was God. When they began to shoot and kill the helpless students where was God. I'm told God sees all, no, is all and can do anything. I'm even told he is all good. And please tell me where was God. It's about time we gave up this God concept and start caring about our fellow human beings instead. Since God will not help us, we must help ourselves if we want to world our children deserve to grow up and Lewis Williams in Lodohill says, are the great letter, huh? What a concept. One, an evil concept, the idea that man is actually capable of doing stuff. See, it's always easy to blame and I'm about the devil-done it or say, you know, some evil thing, all of these things. And it's a lot the lazy way out to say, well, just pray a lot and maybe God will do something about it as opposed to like doing something yourself like a thinking reading human being. God forbid we should do that. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T, why not on the mobile one, whatever line it is this hour? I'll tell you one thing, John Ford. I tried for you. I tried like crazy. Channel 4 tried for you. They hailed tried for you. Went over like a goddamn pregnant pool folder. Went over like that goddamn brook Daniel show and he acted over like a colovoth and earth pool. Nobody cares. And I'm sure that he's just squeezing himself right. Oh, you Neil's talking about, yeah, Neil's talking about it and nobody cares. Our audience doesn't care. Your minister, your audience doesn't care and nobody in the universe cares. The advertiser is my care. If you actually went ahead and did it, but everybody knows that even new people aren't stupid enough to put that murder on the year. So a nice try. It's an act of desperation just like having that big fat tub sitting in there eating those Hershey's kisses that day. Well, we're sad back they're getting some sadistic thrill as he said there and walks to Rick to Vorkian. That's the new name we should have for Rick Riley. Rick to Vorkian. Dr. Rick. Because that's what it was. It was like an act of murder. And even at the time I remember saying that was not funny. That was pathetic. Especially if you could see it. Here is a woman that could barely squeeze her big fat ass in that chair and she's they've got like 60 million these little Hershey's kisses in there. And she's unwrapping them just frantically just shoveling them down. I thought she was going to start showing them down there with the silver wrapping on him still because she couldn't wait. I mean anybody who says that over eating that fat isn't an illness man, those people are crazy. And watching with doctors out there that's right. Too bad we didn't have about 52 pounds of Luxoncogo for that day. Although I do like Luxoncogo. A lot. Do they ever put chocolate chips in there? That's a good idea. I bet you they do put chocolate chips in that. In fact, that wouldn't be surprised if you could take your Luxoncogo and put a Reese's peanut butter cup in the middle and stick it all back any of it and melt it in the middle. Or maybe call your people from Dunkin Donuts back and get one of those great jelly filled donuts and stick her Reese's peanut butter cup in the middle of that. Or maybe stick to a few of those Hershey's kisses in the middle of a jelly donut. That sounds pretty good. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. Are you heard about the legislation plates that say, uh, uh, choose life? Choose life? Yes. Is that, is that scary? Well again, this audience doesn't care about it. Sir, I brought it up several times and nobody cares about that on this show, sir. Nobody gives a flying craft that we have a governor who wants to impose right wing values into the state business. On a state license plate, either the next one we'll say, I mentioned this the other day, the next one we'll say, killing abortion doctor for Christ. Yeah, that's coming. I'm listening. It's just a scary thought. I don't even understand how the legislators would allow for what allow this to pass. I mean, it just seems, well, just looking at the look at the composition of the legislature in this state. You got to go to a bunch of good right wing, uh, nose pickers up there and tell a hassy. What about separation of church and state? I mean, what does that mean? My friend, you're living in the past. Well, let's carry. I'm going to, I got, I'm going, I get to know out of here. Just remember, choose another state. I go left, you sir. Five say, we're going to do one call at a time today. That's good. This is, we haven't done this in a long time. Hey, I told you it was going to be like this. I was, we've already had more calls in like 50 minutes and they had in the two hours I listened. I'm serious. I heard three calls in like two hours and the first one was on like 10 times as long as you needed to be, but now I understand why. It's a holiday, man. Anybody who's got a life, first of all, they had a life on a holiday weekend. They sure aren't going to be calling us. I'll, of course, the sports nerds. They have no shortage. They have no shortage. Oh, Don, Shul is a wonderful man. We support whatever he does and hey, that very young Florida Gator team. I'm right in there and they're turf and uh, kick their ass. Oh, my God. This is, woman here again today. There's at me. Is it? Yes. We're just something that, yes, today. We're discussing yesterday, the fact that even it's the only the end of May. It's not even close to the Hellish days of July and August. And even with our air conditioning turned up Max as far as low as it will go. We still have, we've got a color friends at Arrowrounder Clock to come. I'm serious. We have a building wide problem. The reason for which being yes, when they remodeled and redone the whole side. Yes, they went the cheap way. Oh, what a surprise. And we just, yeah, I'm pushing to air. So like I said in the memo yesterday about the Dufflands, you being the employee of the month in the face of severe adversity, being Greg Reed and the Beastly's are a bunch of cheap bricks and don't really care about the people that work there and don't care about making your comfortable building or building that soundproof or building that's like a real radio station. See, they can put up all the new directions that they want here. Okay. And they can have all the hammers going and put a big act on. The fact is this is still nice. There's it's still wall works. It's still creskies five and dime. But you want to know something? I don't give a sh** anymore. Right. Although it is uncomfortable, but it starts getting uncomfortable, then I do give an SH. Don't they have slower mounted, floor model air conditioning units that you can like roll around? Yeah, they're called fans. Yeah. And they make a lot of noise. We can use all the fans we can get. This is WFAN Miami. Hey, that's a sports station. I can't we just change the name of the college. WFAN. We'll put I'm a son in the morning. O. J. and Midday. And we'll sit someplace worth nice and cool, which is not in this building. Yeah, it's definitely in the air already. And so only the 28th of God damn, May, Greg Reed, you cheap prick, you cheap guy. God is he cheap. You know, you sometimes wonder how people find each other. Like him in the Beastly's. I don't really know what the the background of that relationship is. But talk about a marriage made in heaven. Talk about water seeking its own level. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Well, yes, sir. Yeah, I don't know. How do I call her? All right. Listen, I'll be checking in. Yes. What? I said how you do. All right. You know, I didn't even found you're working. Talk about God. There's only new signs now. Miami and the boss cops saying I don't know who's behind it. There's probably many of Mary Finellis saying that if you take guys and they even vein, I'll make Russia a longer. I mean, now next on my asshole with a billboard company that's put those up all over the country. That's it. I mean, very, why doesn't he just poor billions of dollars? Why doesn't he go out and feed some homeless people and stop wasting money with all those billboards? That's what I said. I don't know. That's just ridiculous. Yeah. All of that. He has to think of all these God, the God squad. They just can't keep it to themselves. They have to keep trying to impose it on us because there's so much better than the rest of us are. You know. Yeah, but they terrorize people. And people I should believe in that crap. Exactly. You know, and the very few is down here who actually go up to somebody and say, well, where we have to do it, we have to put money in the highway. Why do we have to do this? What do that? Yeah. Yeah. And money in this. Well, maybe maybe God will do it. If we just pray or instead of rick it all out beer over this holiday, we can't if we just pray a lot, maybe we'll wake up on Tuesday morning and all will have all those new highways we've been praying for. Yeah, sir. All right. Now God will be with you, sir. Okay. The Lord be with you and keep you. The good Lord willing. Five, six, seven. Yeah. It's interesting because he used to say that too, which, and all the time, the good Lord will. I mean, all at the God be with you. He was the most big of the first night of everyone in my life. I mean, Redneck would have been understatement in his case. And yet, the good Lord did all that crap. You know, I must have just been a coincidence. 1056 at five, 60, W. Q. A. M. You want to punch me? And are ready to start on Tuesday. Have yourself some down on prison fun. You're friends away. We'll back you all. We'll back you. Then we are right. You're on a dump. When you think of all the benefits you're getting, life will be sweeter. When you pack your heater, carry your life andlively more as a number of fees, and move away as the sex development matters. Go. maturity. and you'll be from today, you're a member of the end, over today. 11, I want it 5, 60, WQM, we got a short show today. Well, George will be here from on two, like I said, I got a short show. And then Monday we had a tape for it from 10 to two. Oh, hey, Grover, get to a clock this afternoon, six o'clock tonight. We got the pre game with Donnie B. And then another Marlon game, Marlon's in the red. Is there any other, will anybody, no. Here's North Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I was in your favorite place yesterday to call a sky amp, a theater. Oh, yeah. For the eye stress can wax out of it. I got to say, your friend Woody, he was sitting in the front row right in front of me. That guy is a loser man. Yeah. Guy was half slim about people taking a little hit off a little joint, you know? Yeah. Put it out. He said that. Can you believe that? Woody Graver was talking people of when the Don put it out. Put it out, man. Oh, I'm here in the front row. The guy tells you to spark it up. You mean a guy that walks around looking like the post 60s uh, we did with his ponytail and his frosted hair. And his bucket of cameras away. He's taking people's film. Well, what do he have to do with it? He's like some kind of a mother over here. What is it? Huh? Just the butcher thought he was. He's bossing people around. How does he kind of take it to the arena? Got us pneumonia over there. Absolutely. Absolutely. Everybody from the stage. There was no rain. I mean, there was going all around. If you know, I was in the front row when he was talking to put it out. Yeah. Oh, really? Tell me get a haircut. That's right. OK. OK. Square up towards. OK. See, yeah. What a great baroque comes to fight out. He's an asshole. Yeah. Plus I don't want to see 98 degrees anyway. 560, 50560, 560 on the AT&T while a slung. Can you believe that guy like that? But I don't know. Everybody in Florida is kind of like that. They have that and they're on a power trip. You know, because most of the people who came here feel very impotent and many of them are. And so as a result, like the old people in the condos, they have to boss people around. That's why we have so many condo commandos. And some younger people want to be like that. Who's so they're a condo commandos and training? CCIP or SH whatever they are. Woody telling some guy to put out a joint. See, that's the difference in America. Like I said, I'm at the train station in Amsterdam. And we're standing there waiting for the train to the airport. And here's the young girl sitting there smoking a number might of your own business. Nobody's paying any attention. There was no Woody Graber to say, hey, put that out. Nobody cared. Were people like swooning and falling under the track? Oh, no. Was the world coming to an end? Oh, they suffering from referaff and madness? No. I say we ought to have one day. This is a good idea. As a non-pots smoking person, but somebody is very much in favor of everybody's rights. I think we ought to have one day where all the pot smokers unite and they just go out in the streets and light up and walk around smoking their numbers wherever they feel like it. And that's not a good idea. Well, how does smoke in? But we got to do it somewhere. But we can't do it in here. Oh, and by the way, I checked the thermostat. It said as low as it'll go. It's set on 50. And it's 76.8 degrees in here. And it's not even noon yet. You know what? Noonias? You know, you around that off, you know what you get? W-A-B-A-B-A. Oh, there's no numbers on there. Instead of F-A-N, we should change to 77. Huh? Come on. Isn't there one that says, W-A-B-B-B-B. What is wrong with this crap? I pull a card out of here with all these W-A-B-C-Jingles. And there's not one that goes 77. Music, radio, W-A-B-C. And Paul, change this, I hate you people. I hope that Bob Blue dies. Oh, you already did. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's somewhere I'll sell them. I'll new. Yes, sir. Yeah, I like your ideas. I just gave. I don't like George just because you get a model on one spot smoking. And cause we got to come bust their yard. Yeah, I'm fine. But anyways, you heard about some of the real station offering a murderer job. Yeah, I talked about this morning, so you're about an hour late. Nobody seems to care about it. No, it's all his sham. No kidding, that's what I said. It's a public desperate publicity. It's not that right. There's a lady, a whole thing out the room. And she's trying to be the file. Yeah. Yeah, I'm going to do her show from the neighbor's house where he was looking to buy a house. I mean, talk about being so desperate. And nobody cares. The radio station, the rent of publicity, stunt and nobody cares. And all this is the only thing is he pulls the monetary question my Twitter job and give up that paycheck, that fat Julia shed her mouth. OK. And he's a fat Jew. Exactly. Well said, sir, right on. Fat bitch. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Why? And even if she loses weight, it makes no difference. She's still a no talent airhead. What a match made him have in her and PD2. We didn't know. I know they're all listed right now. Kate's not personal. Although in Volgers case, I've been making a section that in his case, and John Ford, it is personal and business, both. John Ford, little pipsqueak from the our morning show at Zeta. All of a sudden he pops up. He surfaces again. Rears his ugly hand years later at the Pacion IOD. And now all of a sudden he's walking around like his stuff don't stick. Like he's too good to talk to us that used to work with him on Zeta. Now come to fight out. Of course, you made those comments about how he wished that Alice Rantel would get AIDS and die and stuff like that. Remember during his ill-fated morning show, they lasted about five weeks on, I'm super talk, John Ford. So maybe he just might suffer from a terminal case of homophobia. Maybe that's his problem that little pipsqueak. Well, if you've ever seen him, pipsqueak would be a compliment. You know what I'm talking about? John Ford. He has a wife, you know? Here's homestead, hello. Yes, sir. Good name. What's up, guys? How you doing? So you want that budget move right next to you? No. Why? Because I don't like murderers living in my neighborhood. That's why. Do you want to be on living next to you? No, no, no, no. But let me actually set. Would you let Michael Jackson live right next to you? No, I would not. Why? Because he's a pedophile. Oh, thank you. I would, because a lot of people will say, yeah, I'm a little bit Michael Jackson. Why would I want Michael Jackson? I'd rather have OJ any day than Michael Jackson. I'm a little bit. At least OJ is a better dresser anyway. Well, I let Michael Jackson just like that one woman said that one dark and plated bitch said, I'd be proud to have my son molested by Michael Jackson for about three or four million. She left that last part out, say. Well, that's a given. Yeah, right. As then he's given and she's taken. I'd be proud to have my son molested by him. I mean, what kind of a simple then? What kind of a multiplying too much bitch would say a thing like that? And then, of course, the tabloids like I said yesterday, they do to fully report all of his 85 marriages, qualities, bull dikes, and all these other bizarre people. Some of whom happen to be, by the way, members of the church to sign topology. I don't want to mention those names. One of the worlds. I mean, that's after they Catholic church, maybe that's the world's second largest closet is the church to sign topology. You think that might be? Oh, yeah. But of course, we don't want to say that because you know them. We don't want to start up with them. We'll leave that to George. We'll be talking about that at what a clock. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. What a relentless little spickman. You know, you're right. If you wouldn't have said anything, it would have been uncomfortable. But now that you mentioned it, you know what I mean? If you ever had that happening, you wouldn't say, it's a little bit of warm in here. And even though you were feeling a little bit warm, you weren't really that acutely aware of it. But like for example, if somebody cut a real bad, oh, and then somebody says, you know, something smell bad in here. And oh, you know, you all have said you're really, because you're focusing on it. As opposed to just kind of a subliminal thing, you're really zeroing in on it. And I'm zeroing in on the fact that it's harder than a witch's rectum to hear man. That's twice as hot in here. Jesus, it's going to be this way all summer long, just. Boy, we have some of our interns coming here and work like almost in the nude, like maybe in their briefs that could fan you with those big feathers. They could wave it. Nine minutes after your tent at 5.60, WQAM. Keep blow too much. You're in trouble. Okay, fine. My unit, my unit, my unit. My unit, my unit, my unit, my unit. My unit. My unit. My unit. My unit. My unit. My unit. My unit. I'm going to go catch you. Your unit. My unit. My unit. My unit. Well, good. Oh, kids. Your like could little thinkers have put a little sound that comes right out. You think that would be? Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for right little songs about My brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which by the way I'm gonna fart on and Dr. Dre has you old major peska No, what was the last then you look well It's age 12 and seems like I always smell like Griffin cats isn't usually was pretty swell I got this off when I took my jeans off and farted so hard to my look what backwards like Chris Crosth And every not I'm like oh In her dad then point out my ass passes a bad situation fat smell this honey Yo, wait a minute. I girl. I don't give up. I'm gonna get me to think the world up my Ainess my ainess my ainess My ainess my ainess my ainess my ainess I I told her I for what to be a famous rapper. They corrected about three known this made on the crap You know you was dirt women. They would rush to leave But you must be relieved The sky was cast and set up pretty cool, but I had to go go drop the kids off and move my a My a My a my a My a my a my a my a my a my a You know, I'm just gonna realize that black you kind of like you I see a lot of similarities Supposedly the ordinary white coat top which is kind of like boring Yeah 77 here on the inside and you know it's gonna get to the point pretty similar It's gonna be warmer inside the studio and it is outside because we work for a bunch of cheap bastards over there on a west coast called the measly boys Okay cheap disgusting Idiotic and we don't care about anything else, but what it comes to our comfort that we do care You know what I'm saying? That I do not forget that's right Maybe we need to go see done Coral y'all air conditioning. Here's Hollywood. Hello A good deal. Yes, sir Reconcrap chester Transplant yeah It can visitors come down had a seat date County had I said no you'll love Just perfect where we are look at the frogs Perfect no we had a good amount of keep this game to my horror game. What did you see there? Oh? They had a fit They want to go to the largo. I said you'll you'll like this key will do take him out to the end of the point Why can't you just pull out your key chain and say take your pick you know Inside I I couldn't believe I thought I thought half a day County was after a week for the relatives of floating they are They stepped in the diaper diapers everywhere yeah, Philcy go back to can't it? Day ago this weekend Let's go. Okay have a great time. Okay. That's your guy with no material. Okay. We got one call after the board I can see a lot of music in my future okay. I don't need a palm reader It's tell me we're gonna be playing a lot of good music today five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t world is line Here's Hollywood hello Okay, that's it. That was our last call. That's two of those we've had today and that takes your business at When I were an 18 minutes. That's not too bad on a holiday weekend 560 50560 pound five 60 on the 18t wireless line All we generally have left in town or a bunch of people feeling sorry for themselves who have to work like that I heard Rick and Spudson have to work on Monday and then some jackass calling and saying here to work on Monday too Because some of them all so I guess are open and a few other places. It's really sad And if I had any brains and I know which I don't but if I really had brains out of told him hey listen Nobody else is working Friday so I'll see you on Tuesday. I'm not working Friday or Monday Because based on a response here today we don't have enough people left in town to be listening anyway. So what difference is it me? Nice timing to buy the way in that old j's stud on your publicity stud john Ford Nothing like pulling a bit of publicity stud in time on like 98% of the people who speak English about a town for the weekend. Nice going john. I'm super talk radio You jackass It's just amazing you know I can't say that made good things about the Cox broadcasting people but once Packed and bought that outfit out There was such such a conglomeration of losers the likes of which you have never seen in your life like Oh yeah like mad max or engineer We're talking about him this morning. Remember max. Oh I like to smooth. I like to flirt. I like to eat. I like to flirt. I like to smooth. I like to eat. I like to flirt. I don't like to work. Don't forget the Bumman free cigars and bumman free cigars. Oh and he likes anything free. Yeah Anything that we had that was laying around there wasn't nailed down old max. He liked that too But he's a new man now. Yeah, but she he is he's he's born again What a bunch of losers net up fit And they did spend a lot of money on real nice state of the art equipment over there the only problem was we didn't have any engineers And we had to make a working including Roy Here's a mobile an adventurer hello Good morning, Neil Let's go to a mobile in 910. Hello When is ever is a bob gonna get the worst the trucking rides Bob why? When is Bob gonna get the worst job? Who are Bob? What are you talking about? Bob? We're talking about Jerry dark star Yeah, keep going well, you know, actually I tried to get it to odds last night with Big press passes and they got what he really is a jerk you wouldn't even hear us at all I call what he like I said thank God for what he's great Well, he haven't only didn't take this guy drugs away and you're sitting in there trying to decipher what he says like there's an answer to it Like there's like there's a riddle on this one. We got an answer Don't you understand basically what he said What he said he just didn't different than a dial like that's all he said Thank you, sir, and God bless you for killing 30 seconds at another wise terminal Memorial Ha a day when everybody wants to go on get the Blind drunk Drunk and puke and a whole deal because that's you American effinway. That's what these holidays are all about Oh, you're so busy with that thing George has become neurotic it's that old man oh the old man is back again today. Oh five Yeah, what's number eight wait a minute slow now which old man is this? He's a crazy old man is going to cure you of your homosexuality. Oh, yeah, he's gonna cure my homo-sistine problem I get the gay out of you. Yeah, three or five nine four eight nine four eight nine four eight seven two seven nine Maybe you can call the reday this old man up whoever that really is very lonely looking for a companionship like maybe a boyfriend 305 nine four eight seven two seven nine. I guess he wants people to call him up and wish him happy holiday Please better you than us And you know we just got rid of that other old creaton okay that the police had to go knocking on his door and threaten to take away his goddamn Colossumy bag. It's amazing how many tragic old parts to route there. I mean who have no life every single day? This is their life without Ralph and we're even Here's a mobile accross spring, so oh Yes, I've been listening to the show for about a month now Huh, and I'm just trying to figure out why it is that you've had something against the past rally in the Miami heat Yeah, huh against the organization It doesn't make sense to make you play into why you blackball them like all the mind what what do you talk about? Do you have any idea Uh-huh That's his idea of humor. This is the guy that yeah, yeah every time calls in about it We were doing the thing about the kids getting shot out there in Denver. He calls in about something about the NBA And just keeps battling right along, you know like he's got blinders on You know this guy that just called this is a classic example with that New York sound of what I was talking about the other day Go back to New York by the way, sir. No wonder Rudy Giuliani kicked your ass out See when they were talking about him cleaning up the city up there. What they were really talking about was getting direct like this out of the city And I was saying just yesterday people like that once were young what could he possibly have been like when he was young? This this asshole this New York piece of sewage This piece of driftwood that drifted down the acoste of an elephant and the lawn up here on shore What could he have been like when he was younger and I think George had the right answer he was a geek Had to be what what else could he have possibly been If this person ever unless he was old when he was young you follow what I'm saying I'm sure you all know people like that who never really were young only in terms of years, but even when they were young They were like old Here's a mobile across spring, so hello Yeah, New York. How you doing? Okay, sir? Good Listen yesterday I was interrupted from my listening by an appointment, but I'm not sure did you ever come to a Conclusion with the juniors and with the Jews It was terminal. I mean like the Ashkeny of these do this and this one the years are kids after You're doing I was a geek. Yeah, here's the way it works The naming is has nothing to do with the English name first of all if your uncle was a Bernard and he died They don't name you with a B and has to do with the Hebrew name. That's first the second thing is it's an old bubble mindset That you see I hate to break the news. Do you I don't believe the test done anymore? I mean maybe maybe maybe the orthodox do that. No, no pretty much so The Hebrew name because when the babies born you go into the temple and you'll pay them and they you name the baby But the junior has to deal with it's an old bubble mindset that If you name someone a junior You're stepping on the seniors grades. Yeah, somebody mentioned that you know, so that's What a bunch of Unobligerated Ridiculous bubble my no anybody will anything on that glass, you know stepping and breaking the glass at the wedding And well, what are we gonna stop doing these idiotics and ballics stupid idiotic things? Well my one of my daughters just got married my cater basically not to have a big ceremony Go to adjust to some of these get married. Maybe your house. Do you happy? Here's the money that we would have spent on the big deal Go on the money waste on that and buy next to set of dishes or something. Oh, have a good time. Let's take a few two It's up to you, too, because there is no God right Except for this for you. Okay, thank you so much and have a more old day owner 560505060 boy got the big indie 500 weekend coming up. Maybe that's why Joe Costello's knows it's so red Even better what is that? It looks like a bad thing and you didn't even notice it before that's the first thing I noticed it was a giant Pustule. It's a boy. Oh, geez. I don't want to get your nervous job But when you walked in here before I want to say anything because I didn't want to alarm you, but I always think it's oh my god wow that looks bad What is it is it is it is it is going to go squeeze it in your face? Well that's is it it's a big Joe Costello has got a big zit on the end of his nose And if there's anybody in the world who doesn't need any added the appendage on his nose, it's Joe Now remember when Clinton was on TV that time with all the heavy pancake makeup on and those kept it in longer And that Pinocchio think he have happening That could be happening with Joe because when he said that he doesn't like feet I think that was one of the first details tips that he told and then when he was talking all that crap about shaving is nuts Did I just say buy owner I think I yeah, I just kind of like psychologically I segue it into this Are you selling your home or looking to buy one? Friday you Best Hi Bobby it's your mother. It's Saturday night. I hope you're not at the library like you usual Maybe you made some new friends and are out for a change Call me Vader and come on again soon you're underwear is all clean Embarrassing messages you wouldn't get them if you are cool is but you're not so check out cool call Subscribe to cool calls turn up the volume when you're answering the sheet and make sure that people are nearby Hey Bobby it's me miss you want thank you for last night. You are amazing also Gina Julie Beckley can't want this. Thanks, too Can we hope to see you again soon? Bye Well Bobby what was that all about me? Bobby you'd sneak from the club just wanted to call to apologize again for our bounces rest now with your girl last night I'm so into the lich now there in the hospital, but it'll be okay again just want to apologize I think he's a man I hope to see you back here soon. Bobby I want to hang out with you man cool call if you can't leave a life Maybe you can say get call us and we'll call you cool cool calls So I love the 31 at 5 60 WQM the employee of the month was just in here by the way I said you know the air conditioning's really a screw up and it's getting really hot in here and he said Yeah He said maybe it's a distribution problem He said there's too much blowing on the other side of the building and I said you already know that we know who the parties are too But that's beside the point 5 6 70 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T wireless line I could tell you about Greg read coming in here this morning, but then again Here's a mobile and pebble pine kid, he'd be too embarrassed pebble pine teller Neo Neo yes sir, how you doing? Great. Hey listen I do listen you show all the tip all the time I'd like to address a few of the things that you've talked about really Yes Okay first of all George wants one of those little floor air conditioners. I I purchased one at the longie They blow a little bit of cool air out the front and they blow hot air out the rear you know Honor out the rear Back home yeah Up the back So they kind of neutralize each other they don't and they they aren't very loud. Oh Good. They'll be good. They would distract the audience from these calls. That would be excellent What are you wishing now? I remember years ago you tell me it is Or not that we meet telling me and everybody else an incident about him coming into work with a 45 or something like that By the way John penis from the sales department just brought us in a bunch of great cigars from next and some matches too Go ahead. I'm sorry like one up Yeah, which nerve came in with a loaded gun or something like that? He did that every no not one time every night No way every night he had a 357 magnum. He would put the briefcase down on the counter he'd come in about a quarter to midnight And he put the briefcase down and he would open it up and he'd pull out the first thing We do every single night like a ritual would be pull out the 357 and lay it on the counter Yeah, and I the story is that I had a rabbi is a guest on that night and he came in and he pulled the gun on in the ran This is a true story and rabbi put his hands up and he was like it was a stick up It's a true story he went oh It's funny and you know about abortion you could serve it as I've at all wrong. I mean you know very said Well that guy with a beanian is he Jewish and I said yeah and Jerry said Anyway go ahead What do you want to hear? What do you what do you happen in me? I don't know I think he's his hair He flipped his wig all jay somebody's hair piece now I think the the conservatives like Jim Bush on that they have a wrong they should legalize abortion and You know make band gun to the other way around yeah legalize Come on band I That org you've every fetus a gun so they can shoot the We're gonna shoot their way out. Yeah Exactly exactly and the other thing is just another day you were talking about how corporation you know like they know They're gonna you know get bought out and they don't give a crap about the employees Well here's here's the story on there. They're not supposed to say anything because I would affect the value of the say Yeah, so if they were to be like kind or did so oh yeah Like a box broadcasting if they would have done that then of course I would have started looking for a job and that would have jeopardized the whole say little thing They don't but that that's the point though It's a good thing I think they don't care about people all they care about is themselves and anybody who pretends to be your friend All that they care about themselves You probably want to cover the rest right Cheryl and Bob right you now you understand it I have understood it for a long time you American way right have a great thacer Happy whatever it is happy uh brick and day 567 boy it's sticky and uncomfortable in here now the humidity is high the heat is uh and then maybe that's why it like extra added compounded the nausea the feeling I had for me that stuff from Duncan donuts this morning Huh, I know there were trying to do something nice for me and see I turn around and I'm a prick now See I'm just telling it like it is did I say the other day how delicious that thing was that they made my precious and I think that guy in here He was trying to do something nice and instead he made me very very a low geek not sick, but low ge you know what low ge is Well, you feel like you have no energy and then it starts getting real warm and you want to just like hibernate in the corner like a smokey the bear That's how I feel right now and if you open up the window we can get to smoke in here to go with the smokey part too I say about a six month fast sounds good to me for maybe some of you guys 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless lines. Let us know how you made out Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello Come on, you know yes, sir You just thought of a medical term which I wish you would have played because the doctor told me my almost Sister level with high oh Is that your blood sugar that means you're in the closet? No, almost 16 is which I didn't know about till I got that book which I don't have in front of me right now But that's a very important thing because it causes heartening of the arteries Which leads to stroke and heart attack it has to do with the Homocysteine is it just stuff there it's like a cholesterol. It's made naturally in the body But if your level goes too high It can be very dangerous and you need to take a lot of full-ac acid you take full-ac acid Yeah, he told us well the acid you want a low fat diet Man the low fat I don't know if you take a lot of cholesterol was 165. Yeah, well, that's good Yeah, but cholesterol. Oh, homocysteine is not too little. I'm a lot of sweet things stuff Oh, yeah Well stop the aircraft stopping that direct but take the full-ac acid. How much you taking? Well, not yeah, I just want yesterday Well, I want yesterday too, and I went again this morning I feel like I might have to go again in a minute You don't know the name of that post is what's the name of that book George the one with the Homocysteine guy you got to ridden the heart guy the heart guy. What is the name of it? George has got a one moment please okay It's called a heart solution by Kilmer McCulley killed Dr. Kilmer McCulley the heart solution It's a heartback. It's very very good I appreciate it. Oh, you think they have any idea how high your homocysteine little was what did I know? Well, why not yeah, listen you people are got to start being a little more bossy with your doctors He's not doing for free for you. Is he going to pay him? My insurance pays him so you have a right to know if I know what the numbers are and start to get a little more involved in your own life Okay, okay See I hate doctors man other than Dr. Mark who's a good guy, but we don't hear from him and that's just as well. It's good He hears that I'm still alive and he's grateful I'm telling you man doctors you you guys are a bunch of butchers You don't share any information you don't educate the public and this fat thing It's an illness. This is enough forget about cancer forget about AIDS forget about tuberculosis Forget about berry berry and leprosy and scurvy and green apple quick step the number one illness in America is fat And you doctors out there you don't know your ass from fat which is why these great robbers were able to put the For the low fat scam over on the public and now five or six years later now they're coming out and saying oh well, just what it doesn't work We were wrong When guys like atkins and still many other guys were saying 25 years ago the dietary fat hasn't got a goddamn thing to do with making your fat But the doctors out there did they know anything about nutrition? Oh, they know anything about any of this That would be like I've said this a million times before like a guy who I'm a canic who works on your car Not knowing anything about the goddamn carburator and the fuel you're supposed to put in there Don't be like putting shard in a in your gas tank Like putting color in water in the gas tank and as much as we love our color in water. I mean, I'm not think I'm gonna put that in the gas tank. Oh, thanks But when it comes to putting stuff in your body, which uh, oh, geez You doctors you're responsible nobody else don't blame anybody else don't blame the food manufacturers They're just trying to make a dishonest living like everybody else And the the more they appeal to our taste buds and the better it tastes to know the more we're gonna want it and more we're gonna spend buying their crap Because they're trying to make a living they're not out there to be altruistic Whatever they are they're just business people you're the ones that are supposed to be concerned about our guy They may help for example They have a PSA they're running or Some series they're running on CBC and Canada about prescription drug advertising are you aware that up there it's illegal In Canada to have ads for prescription drugs and that they have some drug companies trying to circumvent that But nevertheless that's the big controversy because it's illegal The advertisement prescription drugs whereas here you pick up time you pick up news leak news papers magazines all over Because what's important is not that the drugs are good for it that they really are safe and effective that Pfizer makes a lot of money and all these other goddamn grave robbers Because in America everything comes down to money even your health is an important as long as somebody can make a big buck off it And especially those grave robbing doctors you're a bunch of butcher doctors That's what you are butchers with a capital B 21 before noon at 5.50 WQA and you show it away from the ball mother I See the man at the corner shop putting in a change Behind the glass booth appears some drug doubt hole with names He tells the girl to take off her clothes with shame in his eyes Just don't romance just another fat ugly guy Just to save you after walking my little shoe That my friends is what we call the horny man blue Then you really might know what it's like And then you really might know what it's like Then you really might know what it's like Then you really might know what it's like I'm 45 at 5.60 WQA. I'm trying to think you know even though I have a very short memory We ever had anybody that causes any of the places that we've worked causes many problems is time-drecking such a short period of time See I guess I'm going out and selling like new accounts or anything like that just they're sticking around and stirring up the same pot and Continuing to cause more problems Taking away other people's accounts things like that, you know Steering the pots stirring it stirring it if you're smoking that's fine, but don't stir it 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Have we seen him up here by the way to a service those accounts? No, get us that copy. Oh, just checking Here's sunrise. Hello Okay, sir That's what I call you know Yes, I read in the Oh I think I'm there's the You write a paper about The jet bush was talking about usually you know, you know, they're talking about Imaging the lawsuit about a money you know paid to You know like if like if they're playing or some crashes, so I'm you know But it's more than 12 years. I believe that. I mean, what a what a well It's just friends in big business. He'd want to make them liable off or you know all the crap that they're doing it What's what the crap? You know I was the other thing to know about the I'm a try and rating I'm gonna put you on the I'll stand and we love you sir. Okay, well again you hope you have a A safety up where you go and you leave and tell I'm getting very far on here I'm going to the north pool Oh, I do some exploring Have a great weekend 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We got a couple of lonely calls on there Couple a little lonely calls here and there. It's kind of a scattering Smattering those of us left in town everybody's bailed out you could see that kind of work this morning very Very light traffic alone. We do have a lot of accidents. There's one thing about this town Doesn't take a whole lot of people to be out there to create real chaos. That's good. Next up for those days when it's bumper to bumper You'd have like could be like Christmas day like nobody's on a highway It's still have massive wrecks all over time because it takes only a select few it's just it's not a question of quality Yeah, or quantity. It's you know what I'm saying It's a question of which assholes are the ones out there behind the wheel By the way, hi to my good new friend that publish year last night I went over to get him to some dog food After the hockey game. I was the press. I went and got dog food and Young lady to express the lane. She said the young blonde lady very attractive. She said, you know I always wanted to say this to you, but I was always too nervous. You're really very funny on a radio Wasn't that nice and I said thank you so much They love me at the sawgrass public. I'm legendary. I'm bigger than god damn uh Muhammad Ali bigger than uh High-run Walker in Johnny Walker I'm Tanya Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello No mobile, but uh here's a station there. We have a Backyard. Okay um yeah, I need to get a gentle there. What you're saying about traffic. Yeah, that's a whole Another call for me, but I think I'm gonna get back to the jester I just got back in California and moved back after the election so I don't know what the hell happened But obviously one I guess buddy McCay was like watching paint try and there was paint drawing and so there's no way When you want a deadman it was like running Bob dual for the repunker. Okay, I figured that I'll be the hecoon Was cool and at least I felt comfortable. I'm scared to tell We're six months into this guy's administration A lot of people remember this I was hearing January so I do remember like one of the first legislative acts that he did And I don't know where this is in the pipeline was attached his name to some bill sponsored by those twisted Republican pro-life Twits In like web far to like camper Orlando saying if you want to get a divorce You there's gonna be mandatory counseling you have to go and get counseling Yeah, before you want to get away from the person you want to get away from the pope. Yeah, I mean so it might not be the way to like maybe in In Jack to the you know religion into what is basically to I think I think you're complicating matters just make it simple Two's life Two exactly Two live will put his name behind anything that says anti-oppression Two like anything that It's put in front of him that says that he's gonna find now You know marriage is a legal contract, you know Is it it's not a what are you getting all bent on your sounds like you're getting very hyper to me I'm very melodious I'm sorry, I know I have a nice pretty little X in my mouth. I don't have a little I didn't lie to that because it's an unspoken building And I would have to get all been on the show And I'm actually so glad they'm hot in here that the smoke from the vents would make me even mean nauseous because there's no circulation in here It's steaming in here. It's just boiling Well, okay, I'll let you go then, but like I said I'm scared. We'll six months into this guy What do you mean you're scared? What will be the time? It looks like we're going back to like the dark days of you know all the day that we elected Jim bush We went back to the dark days we turned a clock back 300 years So yeah, well, is that a bullet in the end all that's just the way it is it's not a full four-to-aven way man It's this keep dry on the gun that'll teach you to move to Florida again Good luck now. I'll go back back back here. He's going back to somewhere anywhere Okay, we have 600 open lines. We're never gonna make it to one course your just on his own between one and two It's gonna be attacking the scientists again or some some outrageous unacceptable thing like that We'll be sacrificing it chicken to Zeno good The dark over low and I'm you know something else. I'm getting like cuz I'm hunched over because it's so guy damn hot And here. I don't have the energy to sit up straight like a man, you know I need to have a Marlon Brando come and slap me around a little bit so I'd sit up straight and be like a man like Al Martino It's just shwitzing in here. It's just the unacceptable the Greg Reid F in way man You're your brutal. He's just absolutely brutal That's gonna be our pull question on Tuesday. Who's the bigger asshole Greg Reid or Todd Drek 567. Oh 560 seriously that's a tough contest. I want you to think about that over the weekend Well, least Greg is nice in person Greg Good Here's a mobile in candle. Hello The data. Yes, sir. I have three things for you that could First of all you were talking about OJ since the other day what should they do if they like higher on there or How about if you could do the dolphins pregame all seven days of it? You know because That's basically what they go through you know all week long pregame post game post pregame Okay, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Yeah, how's it going? I didn't tell you we're talking about traffic great till that last caller till I last the pot. Yeah I'm sorry. You know my traffic. I told the most ridiculous action in two ladies there are 90 years old One of them takes a lie in Holland. They on the 60 highway Smash into the other lady. There's a 360 keeps your foot smashed on the pedal smash is right into other Post Mind you. I get up the car and go over there. See how she's doing. She doesn't even know where she's standing And she just caught the biggest action in there. Well, maybe her bag ran over that might have been it You know that overflow. Maybe she forgot to press the overflow fail before she hop in the vehicle 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. That's what happens when you have dead people driving I hate to break the new two boys and girls. What do you have people over the age of 200 driving? Getting automatic license renewals in the mail. Which I keep screaming about and nobody cares See up and tell I have see they're worried about you know Pumping out a license plates that say choose life and suit an abortion doctor for Christ and things like that Well, it comes to like important stuff like hitting the dangerous people off the road the people over the age of 300 the people Illegal aliens driving their little old brown Toyota's with no breaks in no headlights and no break lights in the Ball tires extra like that all these things do they care about that? No No Not to mention of course the 50% of the people in the county driving around with no insurance so that if they hit you so well Here's a mobile and sunrise hello Hey, I got a no-jair report. Yeah, you're looking at my house and plantation acres. Yeah, I can't believe it Seriously, did you see some of the budget cuts that Jeff voice proposed and Well, they were wonderful Let me ask you something. Why is everybody talking about this now? It's a little bit late isn't it the horses already have what a goddamn janssonville It's not a barn. I'm happy about it. He cut it cut 300,000 now with some parking improvements to call springs Like call springs in each 300,000 dollars while we're on where those games gonna hang out if they don't have some nice parts Man you better get with it 560 5050 5060 on the 18T wireless line. I don't want to talk about jet voices More lay holiday all these people want to give me depress and not interested in jet bush Okay, you got him you wanted them you got him. I warned you. I told you I could smell him a million miles away A fangiest by any other name would smell the same In fact, I wish it would have been any of the name because if his name would have been boots that he wouldn't have got elected in the first place But you're dealing with such stupid people in the state that just in the state. I guess it's anywhere in the US of a Because the people are too busy watching inside addition and the ET and crap like that And standing online to get in the sea star wars the tube is he with the important stuff like that So that it's just name recognition if it didn't come but 98% of the time they win only because somebody oh, yeah That's right. I remember John Lamello. I remember roll martinas Course in highly everybody out of ballot their name is Martinez. So it's kind of tough to tell Here's a mobile how about how's on birth or doing by the way? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh, yes, sir Well, you didn't know about three months now. What's this yes, and I've not been able to figure out who Roy is could you explain that Roll I know it's interesting because when we worked at IOD for the passion people they had a cheap engineer whose name was So that originally was done For his sake because he was a real asshole and you couldn't talk to him and tell him anything so we always used to roll Yeah, then we came over here and of course one of one of our say I hate to call him a saleshold because he's just a face man He's not really a sales guy. He never sold on account in his life But when I hate you know when they needed an ex-joc to go out and close an account with some client out there That's impressed by ex-football players and guys that used to wear a jack strap. It's But they take along with him and I've come to find out that he's real good buddies with OJ and recently Trying to talk to men's been here in a hiring OJ and the man's been said no, and that's why I and Z started that big Tony baloney deal this morning and it didn't do anything for him Basically after now, okay The worst publicity stunt in the history and what would you expect from the worst radio company in a history of other business? I thought they didn't care about ratings Well, that's good because they're never gonna have any that's a damn good thing No, in fact that's people. Yours is a slogan over there. We don't care about ratings. We're just concerned about ruining people's lives. Nice job, Pete. Great job 560 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. I got an out I Yo, I'm a nuclear and ever since the nuclear we're all nuclear Oh, I'm a nuclear nuclear and the nuclear we're all the That's what we're upgrading friends like all black people do but why do you want to say it to so they can't sound real cool I'm an overyear and never even appreciate the nuclear we're all made per blues Now look they get after all fine to another word to you It used to be real bad But now it's okay When that's written I'm not right can address themselves that way I'm an overyear and you're using the machine the nuclear we're all made per blues It offers a vernacular Federation of Jews Yo I'll be grandma I've been wishing my things Playing with my reaction I've been clicking I got a reason South answer is rich Put the lotion in the bed 1202 at five sixty W2AM Yeah, I like to talk to Neil speaking Hey, Neil yes sir. I got a cure for your home sexual argument. Yeah, okay. Thanks Isn't that interesting when I pick him up cold-out always turns out to be a whole different program five six seven 560 pound five 60 so anyway the story behind the story got jam at yeah About that horrible attempt at weak people attempted a publicity stunt by John Ford and the people over at stupid talk with that OJ crap Coming to find out that Rick and says we find this out from the inside someone close to the situation Rick and says weren't even told about this pathetic embarrassing humiliating the grading unacceptable Publicity stunt they walk in this morning and of course it's been in the newspaper non TV and they're like you know They're going like god damn it. Yeah Well they go to bed early in the year. Yeah. What are they gonna say? Eeeeh Of course it was on a 730 news, but they're on the year already by that time And if they wouldn't know about it the rumor has it that they would have called and sick and not showing up because there's humiliated and degraded And any I mean there is nobody with any self respect that's gonna stay working on a radio station If they bring that murdering son of a bitch and I'm telling that I told you that two days ago and I'm telling that again today I mean we all got to eat but that there's at some point you have to have a little bit of self respect You know what I'm saying bro Maybe Roy can look with with Todd Drak that would be a merge man to heaven. Oh God I got my fingers and legs crossed. I'm crossing my eyes my legs everything Todd Drak is the anti-Christ make no mistake about that. I want to apologize personally the Jeff high carry sarner Any other names come to mind that I've really trashed Not that there's such wonderful guys, but evidence of the salespeople. Huh. Yeah everything is relative Bob Eisenberg Anybody else Because they're great they're wonderful people all relatively compared to Todd's Rack the anti-Christ And you know I keep mentioning that one account that we've got a real Problem with the copy Where they love me and I love them but we seem to have all kinds of problems popping up because somebody injected himself in it and stole the account from Peter Lenin Which I apologize to Peter later to by the way. I especially apologize to him because he's the one that got screwed on his deal And the reenewy the stuff all goes on because we don't have anybody running a ship We got any five sales managers. We got Ray Perry who's more impudent than Bob dole He needs a bottle of sales manager Viagre or something of which him up. We don't see him for high he's Cowling in a room closet somewhere We got the other one back there. Of course. We know what he's busy doing. Roy. Yeah And so everybody's like over there all like I've told you this is the truth everybody's got their own little empire going here and nobody is running the ship And so that's why this Todd records like a whirling dervition like I said is he servicing this account? No, we have copied that makes any sense. No, we're getting a resolution. No, all we're getting is this guy running around like he was a few weeks ago They can problems Like when he was running around a hallway up here in the yellow and the arraggers in the castle. Everybody said okay. We know that so what's the bulletin okay? What's the big deal You're the asshole Todd You're the anti-crite you're the sugar in a wood pile You're the impediment to our lives just at the point when we finally said screw it we don't care But in your case we make an exception. Oh, that's right Here's a mobile in pop-in-o hello Mobile in pop-in-o. Hi, you're so great. Hi. Do you watch the game last night? Yeah, of course Where did Pat Quinn get that shirt from? We did what? We did Pat Quinn get that shirt from the Eden Center I know I I called saw Carmen today. He never saw him like that before and he's where's that by us always closed there? What are you care about what kind of sure he was wearing last night? I mean what does that got to do with the price of the night? I think it was with the goals that Sylvan Kote and Alexander Carpots have handed over to the Saber otherwise a might have been a much different game just who drew what kind of a pass was that that Sylvan Kote That's was making in front of his own net. What was that? That's the by the way somebody better tell John Shannon the CBC for the second time in two games in a row They're doing some stupid interview with Martin Biron there while are at least are scoring a goal and you know Bob Cole is sitting there like that you can't say it because they're doing a stupid interview while a game is going on I'd go on John Shannon. I hope the CBC fires your ass But anyway, anyway, now that you know you're right about that The the least hand of the Saber's that came in the first goal that The high check letting was it a pure American leader. I mean that was the ESPN thing was with Castro We talking about him and they were Darren Pang had his eyes focused on him all night He didn't talk about the rest of the game. Yeah, you know, you see that every that you just got to see it But Bob Cole couldn't call the goal because they were busy doing an interview while the game was going on The yeah, well, that's that's normal. That's the new producers need to get Dave hot back There you go bring Jack Denett's back dig his ass up. What's that? I said get Jack Denett's back dig him up And one Cornell you think you think We got the ticket weapon we're bringing Bill and foster back for game five game for whatever Great life, okay, that's right little they know okay the Sabers want to expect a release for game four on Saturday night We're bringing Bill he went back I'm the fake that right in the tunnel We're digging his ass up for bringing fun or even bringing Harold Ballard back for bad luck All start talking hockey down here. They resent it. They don't understand it They don't know from it. They don't know anything and they think they know something about football Which they don't know we got that one guy that got that Pat Riley blow up dial ladies hump it right now 560 560 pound 560 on the mobile one line. Well. He likes that slick back look, you know Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello Okay, sir. Good listen. I got a couple of things for you number one. I agree with you greatly on the Don't start complaining about Jeff Bush now. Oh I don't want to hear about it. I mean what this is so ridiculous. I warned these people I screamed I holiday played songs. We I mean did everything I could and now that he's in there It's I OG you see what's going on. Yeah, I know what's going on. I agree I got my new passport. I got a brand fresh new one with lots of pages on it I agree because none of your Cuban Americans or your black Americans are calling to just F***ing Yeah, right number one number two how many black Americans voted for Jeff Bushboddo Oh, well a couple of them all a couple of those turn coach up there and tell a handsome The other thing that you were talking about earlier where was God when that poor little 12-year-old kid was getting killed on shared in street Yeah, where was God when Ted Bundy killed that little girl up there in wherever it was late when there's somewhere right? Yeah, absolutely have a great weekend And back to it by the way, what time is the Ted Bundy show coming on stupid talk? Yeah, you guys I'm telling you you're really doing you just keep embarrassing yourselves worse and worse and worse It's not bad enough at the numbers keep coming up which is enough embarrassment since you don't have any And it's always easy to say well, you know clear channel broadcasting We have all these alien stations and we bought out Jake Corin We want to you know something the audience doesn't care about that nobody cares about that We're not impressed Just like that crap that Pax was right a American stalker strange listed company like of course They've been elected to mention the stock was dropping like a rock and it still is and it elected to mention that and losing the rest with Pax net 560 50560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line This is quite a revelation to me now all of a sudden they discovered that Jeff Bush's governor and oh our god, you know I mean what what is with you people talk about a little bit slow 9 minutes past noon at 560 WQAM have been the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station Three drugs not a head free drugs Two tools hard on hate it's tool to part on hate it's bus the longest to the highest tool The small tools my fellow Americans I stand before even a part of growing part of expanding part of rising I reach out line tool to all of you a rock solid part of Free drugs not a head free drugs tool to part on take it to a part on take it and ask that we join together and staying to the American people Take it. I think after hearing that a lot of people are saying third term sounds okay 1215 at 560 WQAM Yes, sir. I'm a messenger from God. Yeah And messenger from Oh god, yeah, and what's the message? The message is Except we this how about speaking in that thing that's got the holes in it's walking here. You sure okay? You hear me now? Yeah, I would be good. Okay, so man, because I mean if you got a message from God It's very important that we hear it. That's right. Here's the message. Yes. Yes. That's that thought does this God is real Uh-huh and that God is an Israel God is everywhere. Yeah And then if we open our minds and hearts, you know, yeah, and have a relationship with him The relationship with the relationship with the relationship with the relationship with the relationship with the relationship We have a number absence of having a relationship with him And then you will always question this existence Yeah, because you do not have a how can you have time to talk to me when you should be talking to him Well, that's because he wants me to talk to everybody Yeah, I've been my time talking with him. What is he tell you? What does he tell me? Yeah, where's not a thing that he thinks what he tells me is what does he tell you? He reveals to my heart and to my mind a guidance and direction in my life and that's Bring about a piece and an understanding that you seem to be very About all the things that's happening in the world. You don't have any hands So don't because I have hands because I've done the mean okay. What are the answers here? What do you answer? All the violence for example? The violence? Yeah What are the answers for the war in Kosovo and the Chinese feeling of our nuclear secrets? I was I was telling you that what are the answers for all the purpose of the going that you People are not You're still going to work of God as long as people are just a piece of the word of God The thing I have told the told the Israelites to kill their enemies to grow out and slay them Listen Is that the God you're you be talking about sir man sir? I'm asking action you a question now is that the same God? Listen God are you gonna and don't tell me listen answer the question Dumball is it the same God that told the Israelites to go out there and slay their enemies Good God Phil sir. Are you gonna answer the question or not? Are you gonna listen and every I'm waiting for the answer okay Now when did when did first of all tell me at what in what steps of the Bible? God oh yeah I don't even waste the time with this guy's up Baker. Well we're in a Bible that he say that Don't read the Bible instead of making stupid phone calls to talk shows and you might find out what it's all about And then you also will say what a pile of crap that is numbers chapter 22. Yeah number We go out get somebody with the numbers okay Jamet 7.11. I was a million numbers you need to think about And then seven people want a lot of relapse week anyways so forget about the numbers. It's a small jackpot this week 567.0560. I mean now all these people would are glittering. What do you better get a brain? What's in your brain pal? What's in your brain? I'll tell you a big fat Something just a bunch of glittering jade-mallowies. Then when somebody gets even minimally specific with you It's like like that you know Where does it say that God Man, oh man. I'm gonna light up this guy damn stoking out of care what they'd like it or not I'm gonna shove it right up Todd Rex rectum 567.0560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. How do you like that? Another one these guys find that bad bad bad bad bad. I just talking babbling crap Every one of these so called religion this if you spend more time putting something into your brain Besides just battling a bunch of foolish crap that somebody else told you That was you know what I said yesterday and it's a miracle. I did it on a date like yesterday because I was somewhat distracted but nevertheless Seriously, I was the most profound thing I've ever said And that is what is in the brain of most people especially in America compared to most places I've been what's in the minds of most people is crap that somebody else put their not anything that people themselves the do's or Confusions they came to or things that they really thought about No somebody else said fill in the blank That's right so therefore you're thinking right Just stop and think about that for a while, okay Just examine Cluttering up your feeble little gray matter, okay, and I think you'll eventually come to the same conclusion like I said That's not something that you decided that you understood it's some crap that somebody else stuck in there and brainwashed you with Here's Holly, but hello yeah, Neil yes, sir Just change the subject a little bit Next time you go to Amsterdam I was there a couple years ago. We stayed in a houseboat right on the river. I'm not sure where you stay there On the canal you mean yeah, I'm a canal yeah, yeah, and it was just happening. It was about 250 bucks American and night But it was sweet and High class and real nice and we added to ourselves, you know not like one of those little rooms one of those hotels Anyway, look into it next time What do you mean like one of those little rooms? This is I stay in a little room? Well, I don't know A little room so your big shot like me don't stay in a little room Okay, we'll check out the house Be sure like me also don't pay 250 bucks a night American unless you're out of your mind, okay? It's always great. They're out there in a houseboat. You know on a canal Not but if that's what you like I'm glad you had a good time 567 0560 pound 560 animal will one line 85,000 empty lines is in one call on a board again. What this has been spotty today and other all the way for the holiday weekend I know they're all bailing out right now. I understand that But we got 40 minutes at least I got 40 minutes here and I'm flying out of here I'm gonna race out of this door like you wouldn't believe I'm gonna write out here Scream and making guttable sounds as I get out the door. Yeah, just to be the far away from Todd's wreck is I possibly can be a man who just insist on creating chaos and Psychosis everywhere he goes as opposed to solving problems he's busy creating once Never seen anything like it in my life every time you think you've seen it all in this business and then somebody like that comes along And the rest of the management are going Yeah, yeah, yeah Instead of saying cut the crap and start the servicing the account and let's get with the program and stop all the Crafters serving okay you simple to new Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hey, they all hate on okay, sir. Hey, I can't believe a guy who called you are Not the one before but the one before that one The one before the one before that yeah, yeah, yeah, so one of our guys and all this one I say yeah I'm keep got a message from God every time somebody speaks to me about like David Walker Which the son of Sam he also used to talk to God all the crazy people they're busy talking to God Yeah, every time you go into a big city and you walk around downtown whatever city it's in and there's these crazy people on street corners Handagile leaflets and muddling I'll literally a lot of gibberish and you think what these people are crazy and like I told you before the more religious They are the crazy they are exactly the more dangerous they are Exactly the fanatics we conservative more on some telling him you know, I mean the simple to the With the way I should look at is as long as there's four people in almost people here Yeah, what I'm doing about them we have many how many billions did we waste on those patients? That blew up until we finally got one off the ground yesterday how many billions was a three in a row that we wasted like five or six billion dollars and And then the meat and people are starving I guess God isn't giving very good instructions is to what to be doing with all that money Exactly, he was just a bunch of morons don't pay any attention to God bless you. Yeah, all right, okay don't pretty much 567560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line It's Memorial day you know what that means in America That's right it means beer and we need's in more beer and hamburgers and not more beer maybe if you fire worse and lot more beer Right, let's play beer is good for you. Okay. Oh no Can't believe well I can believe well I don't wonder we're a lot of pressure over there. You know I don't blame them Even though that was a terminal show this morning. I blame Rick 567560 I do I blame Rick for a lot and pound five 60 on a mobile one line Well, he's not allowed to listen to show anyway so he won't hear this Here's a mobile in boi and beach hello Hey, Neil yes sir one time caller first time listeners. Oh, I can say that Listen, I read the book that you were reading sports on on New York radio. Yeah, they have a great great great book Yes, it is oh I love that book. I mean I I grew up outside New York City and I remember listening to all those guys right fantastic listen to you over here more Robert do hockey no Marvalbard is a great or was a great hockey officer. Yeah, he really was That's it. I'm not a material. I heard when Elliot was the first Rangers announcer I've heard he I wrote when Elliot was great. He was great. Yeah Anyway, just remember just remember can Albert sucks, okay? Yeah, okay. Thank you. I don't want to say there's any nepotism in that family Steve Albert's the best one of the family and then marves okay when he ain't dressing up too bad and then the Kenny Albert he sounds like he's got any pounds of how crap in his mouth Plus he looks like here the spaceship just landed 5670560 pound 560 on a mobile one line Hollywood hello yeah, Neil you sent us a hostile the day after the big loss last night Now I'm not hostile at all sir. I'm in a great mood really No, I don't get hostile based on winning or losing your game. I mean maybe you're emotional about games I would get a more you should do I think it's fine I think you think it would find a life would be good find a life would be excellent 5670560 pound 560 on a mobile one on how about a wrap would be good where you're going? You don't need to take it just a raft would be good to go back where your answers came from All those barbarian Indians down there Let's go to a medley hello Neil good afternoon. Yes, you see the movie net worth that's gonna be on CBC It's gonna be on CBC yeah Did I see the movie network that worth not You're talking about that hockey From last year that's not a movie number one it's a It's a documentary it's a it's a it's a super repeat from last year all because I saw it shows from the original 16s and how bill works in the rest of those son of a sequel But it's from last year it's a repeat hop and if the ice age also the documentary is that a no one Well, that must be the one I'm talking about. I don't know the one you're talking about when there's one is the net worth one This weekend and then the ice age is the first week in June Yeah, the ice age you don't want another more unless you missed it. It's a repeat from last year It is a repeat a lot of time this for Lups or and lately like you're right with the camera work and with the interviews Is it's terrible like that I hear here Bob Cole is gonna try to call the attic peroga's the first school of the game and they're interviewing Martin beer on over there As if they couldn't interview that punk any other time during a goddamn night like in between periods would have been nice But no, we got to do about they got burned two nights ago on the same thing and the papers the Toronto son ripped them and asked And how they do the same goddamn thing again. They know what I'm sitting there screaming in my living room I said look at this they're gonna do it again. You mark my words there. It's in the net and they can't call the gold They're gonna interview and I'll tell you I didn't realize that Bob Cole when that went to run the loses He does cry a little well, you know something at least he's got some of most Wake him up. How are you should be walking up? Okay, have a good day. Okay, we bobbing hurry along. They're old and people 600 open lines. We got a half hour to go here today. It's gonna be real nipping tuck right out of the wire Just like the goddamn horse races five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line If you approach the lotion in the basket All right I think I'm going to mind here What kind of process do you want? low been In your one Light which comes over right man below I'm theba Over ack a Why The Garzi Man found a car he makes a jett with love and he says this is some dumb man Who could spot the non-just? What's the freeze? Who can make his own clothes? Not afraid to cross the scene The Garzi Man The Garzi Man Oh, the Garzi Man Oh, the Garzi Man Oh, the Garzi Man Oh, the Garzi Man Oh, the Garzi Man Oh, the Garzi Man Oh, the Garzi Man The Garzi Man Concentrated That's the represent Marcos and Susine and Asian All the other resistors Way of shame But a very few fun Gaisions Both in the Recythe of these Seats and Eats Recythe of these That's the fun This is the fast without a dinner All the black fish door Relunge the Garzi Man The Garzi Man Oh, the Garzi Man Oh, the Garzi Man The Garzi Man And the Garzi Man And the Garzi mix is it with love And the excess is subcut The excess is the excess Yes, the Garzi Man And the Garzi mix is it with love And makes that system not bad Oh, the Garzi Man Oh, finally All the time The King of Castle Brass is here You're the back of the door What does he say? All right, where I will start myself to death If somebody would've just told him about asking You know, 1232 and 560 Do I feel some more air coming in here something? Maybe a tad like a little burst I felt like a little burst 560 560 Pond They're working on it They're working on it They're working on it They're working on it They're working on it They're working on it 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 560 Here's a mobile and pop at a hello Hello, Neil Yeah What's your take on that university money? Her team is here I'm taking it Hey, listen, Neil You know the scariest part of bottle Jeff might stroke their mental asses Can you imagine if his brother is one of this country Yeah He's scary On effing believable Hey, also let me ask you a question I'll ask his obsess with Bush, you know Let's go Listen, I asked you a radio Never had that problem myself, yes I've got a radio question How come is that you can go into a radio shack I'm a bottle of portable grondigradio And pick up the BBC something that's 1015's out of the mile The way, but you can't pick up AM station anywhere within this country Why is that? Because you write a radio on and on the answer That's the American fucking way That's right No, seriously, you gotta do it You know why don't you go into your way Well, we'll catch you by a short way, radio Yes, that's what I'm saying It's on short way of the BBC You're not getting it out like on AM You're getting it out on short way Short way of travels like all over the place Is any radio at your door? We have short way, we've also got a MMMM like in the background But that makes it like more British, you know It's a great portable radio that you know That you can buy, which can't pick up Radio station in this country What do you mean radio station in this country? What does that mean? Okay, like say Like EDR No, I mean you guys I'm gonna be moving up north But I want to keep in touch and I don't have a computer No, I'll get your computer Forget about that I mean, you'd spend for a goddamn high powered radio Get you a computer Okay, two quick things Get with them, man I mean, I have a computer in America You're like, uh, way behind the times Get with it Yeah, I can't afford it We're getting a good deal one Then you gotta have one All right, listen, two quick things I need no no, Godfather And I can call you on a sit This, I can call you on a sit Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha What do we do with a piece of What, uh, running around saying this If he's saying these things, huh? What do we do with a piece of crap That's running around the building Saying these roges is an asshole What do we do with a peer to God? Like that What? You're a weird guy Yeah, I'm a weird guy That should be the, that should be the worst thing Was ever said about me, I'm a weird guy Okay, that's a bulletin Yeah, and it's interesting too Compared to Todd Drec, I'm a lot of his normal As they come, talk about weird guys And talk about Michael Corleoni He's in here a few weeks ago This Todd Drec And I asked him a very simple question about a new account And he's like, but I mean, but I will pop pop pop pop And I'm looking at him like What language are you speaking? I mean, I asked him the question And he keeps repeating this, uh, it's like a non answer Over and over again Now, of course, many weeks later I understand why he didn't want to give me an honest answer Because it comes to fight out that the account belongs to somebody else And by hooking by crook, all of a sudden he wound up with it And then he wound up in somebody else's hand We have all of these things going on now And then the meantime is the account getting serviced Oh, we getting copy Oh, somebody doing the job that they're supposed to be doing Oh, no And I'm like, uh, in limbo As you, he's a lot more than he got a son here Who's the asses on the line, try to do a job for people out there And am I getting any assistance whatsoever? Oh, I got people to busy running around Stirren up crap I mean, where the hell did this guy work before? Has he ever been in this business before? I mean, where did he work? That he comes in here He's got this ego thing like he's going to show me Okay, he's going to run up and down the halls Writing graffiti, my name on a wall or something Okay, is if I give a crap Just spell it right Here's a mobile and four-laterdale Hello Mobile and four-laterdale Yeah, he doing so Okay, sure? Yeah, me, right? Speaking? Yeah, I do Okay, so now I just want to let you know, um, you know, I've been thinking about you bad for a while Because I usually see you on that TV show And usually wear in that yamma kind of No, I haven't done it on a show for five months, so this shows been off for a long time True, true, but Um, anyway, I saw you wearing that yamma kind of Yeah, you know, it's just kind of miserable too I don't want to look at them Yeah, and I'm driving in the car today And my friend always listens to it Yeah, I don't really do some kind of an anti-semite Is that what you're saying sir? No sir, but I, I should What do you mean miserable Jew? What does that mean? I'm not miserable at all It's all You what? I just can't stand these people What people? Jews So that's what I just asked you I said, are you going to tie some of it? And then you said no, I mean I don't think I'm not anti, but I just can't stand Jews Yeah, you can't stand Jews, yeah You can't do I mean, I got a So what's your point? What's the, you've had to change your heart Anyway, I'm, I'm driving in the car with my friend And he's like, he's like, listen, this guy is not a Jew He's an atheist Yes Well, I just want to let you know I'm going to start listening to you Well, but, but for you, I'll make an exception I'm as Jewish as they come and I am circumcised By the way, but I don't just offer a take Okay, get on here Anti-semite, scumbag Anti-crase 560, 50560, pound-560 on a mobile one line And that amazing And again, another moron who didn't understand the reason that I was wearing that earmarker that I was making fun of the whole practice of putting Beenies on your head Two stupid who understand that And you want an oysher Because you are blinded by your bigotry That was the problem Just like Josh says, okay, if those Arabs would stop Been blinded by Oshmathas, there were an on their heads I said, we just see the force for the trees And I don't play the foe for change in the name To the force, I mean Rogers always worked good for me 22 before 1 at 560 WQA, I'm one of the Friday you best please Who built the cars in Monica for China? All right Let's out a gigo When he made an wiggle Monica is not the kind You can do in the behind But a cigar in her vagina She's all mine Correcto When he don't know where a stogie goes I can see how there was some confusion Between humans or and human horses And then I can saw the term Seed her box Meem saw her naked Stars report him leads to go in blind That means he was working hard Late nights in the ovary of this Working on a practice of joping He took a mask and noodle Put an explode in Loading for Monica She was blowing rings a straw Builds the cars in Monica for China She lets out a gigo Every time he makes it way go Monica is not the kind You can do in the behind No But a cigar in her vagina She's all mine Okay Or people feel that Hillary's been Made a fool of buy a husband Feel that Hillary was wrong Some men are linking bedroom She wasn't holding More than I'll go I was doing her with bills all gone There's a guy in Monica for China She lets out a gigo Every time he makes it way go Monica is not the kind You can do in the behind But a cigar in her vagina She's all mine Or can't do you think Yes, sir It's back Oh yeah What you gotta do is take a 10 More real Everything's not proud Oh yeah, yeah All the garbage are in the water Yeah From 45 to 550 WQM I haven't done this because it's very depressing But nevertheless For the first time since Madeline Morio here vanished in 1995 Investigators said that the nation's foremost atheist and two Retailers were killed and the crime was orchestrated by her former office manager And a plot to steal $600,000 Oh, sure, sure he's a good religious So another example of the non-believers being murdered by the believers Who want to rip off their money That's basically what it's all about If you're looking for their bodies by the way They might be an oil drum Some of their insects, they're still looking for them And Madeline probably don't smell too good right now Wow, she was getting old Here's Sunrise, hello With two questions marks by the way Hello? Yes sir? Have a preview for the one o'clock hour How's her there two questions marks on his phone call? I'm just a computer here I'm sitting in for the old man who went to go get hot gay sex Cuba Cuba Montana Oh, hi, okay Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello Hello? Yes sir Oh, I'm how you doing Okay Uh, she hates this guy Good guy How's George? What is it? If I hate this town, how come I'm here? Yeah What does that mean? Yeah, yeah You're playing about how you can't stand the town of Florida Why are you looking for the town of Florida's Florida town sir? Oh, whatever the fun of that man You know where to find it? You know what I'm saying? You hated so much why are you here? I like you showing off, I'm just curious Your curiosity killed a can, okay? Maybe I like it here Are you like it here? I said maybe I like it here But it would be boring to say I like it here It's more exciting to say it's a growth test Okay, so you do it for I didn't say what I do it for Maybe I hated here Maybe I like it I'd rather be in a digmo Keep you guessing, okay? Okay Okay Anybody think I love it here? No Okay I'm making a lot of money here I'm doing okay Like I said, I don't give a crap anymore Now I really love it here I'm not going to worry about professionalism About people doing things right And about people running business the way It ought to be, forget about that This is Florida We do it the Florida F-and-Wayman Get with the program WQAM WQAM Going once See every time I pick it up cold Man if I had the greatest luck It's always something that I catch off guard Who's waiting to do like some Prap, you know Got a little crap up there sleeve There we time Because it's like deal with a bunch of schools He'll be doing this show That's what I've discovered Are these last 70 or 80 years have been doing this show in Miami Like dealing with a bunch of little school kids And like I said before Some of these people are honest They got adults in their 30s and 40s and 50s And 150 and 150 And what were they like when they were kids? What were they like when they were younger Were they assholes then too? Uh-huh Is that what it was? Because when you were an asshole when you're young The logic is that maybe when you get old You'll be an old asshole I think that makes a lot of sense to me You know what I'm getting at? I think I think you do Here's Pablo Beach Hello Pablo Beach Neil Yes sir How are you? Okay You keep in the same hockey team for next year Yeah I got a question for you How do you make four game in a bar Ah, okay Another joke Another guy with nothing to say Okay, you start out on my keep in the same hockey seat Are you writing a book sir? I will quite frankly If you're going to be sitting close to those seats I might reconsider Here's my any hello Yes sir Hey, I do have to make sure Wait, never been better pal I'm going over my little indigestion I have And I'm feeling real good I'm going to get out of this town And uh, got to leave knows what will happen Well, I know you probably not going to want to talk about it How about a few bars What about it? Well, see the goal that can't win a free Yes sir Of course I saw it You do barrens is a great Who is the one that was screaming when we gave away Two bars and also Jason Wally by the way Who went to first call for Bumphal the other night, huh? Exactly Exactly You don't have to sell me on two bars He's a hell of a clutch player I know that Yeah We should have asked You should have asked Doug McLean and Brian Murray about how about that That's two bars What's that thing to do with now? He's sitting up there in Columbus We're waiting for the straight jackets to start Oh no child He's going to come back and do it He's going to come back and do it He's going to come back and do it He's going to come back and do it He's going to come back and do it He's going to come back to the same week Phil Henry is coming back Oh god Here's the man who didn't like Marty Stroka Didn't like Stubborn Doug McLean They like you know he was a good guy Good sit down comedian Was he a good judge of talent? No Is he coming back? No Don't start pretending about hockey With me sir The people in here in his town Hockman is staying chanicky with your hockey You know nothing about it Stick to something you know about Like early bird dinners And I'll come and hate for it So much Stick with the maturity And know something about very little categories You know what I'm talking about? Yeah That's it Stick with that You're excellent with that There's nobody in the world better than that than the Floridian Ehh There's actually in soft Florida Over on the West Coast you people in Fort Myers You better work on your Ehh So you can catch up with this 10-4-1-5-60 WQM The George Rodriga show between one and two So that guy who called a couple minutes ago We was Montana and that you were busy talking to somebody That was one of your bansures by the way One of those assholes I got news for okay George does a fine job And even though he's often full of crap Never less of you know We're not here for content We're here to do a show We're here to entertain We're here to help the kill a little time in your life You know what I'm talking about? And beat that gator meat God of who's saying the father God of who's saying the father God of who's saying the father God of who's saying the father God of who's saying the father God of who's saying the father I racked the crappy little country That's like so much cash on his face Yeah Just get rid of that You're in drinking jubbing And blow up the whole fat damn face God of who's saying the father God of who's saying the father God of who's saying the father God of who's saying the father George discussing during the breakDetest was about to end by the way Aren't you leaving then? that is because it's a force to have it. I'm used to running the last break at 10 to 2 was supposed to write before 2 because I don't want to backspot it to Hank show because not only assholes do things like that like every now and then morning show and I really don't play them because when they got their format what are they going to do anyway when you got all spots radio. And I don't understand that I don't play them as much although in detail is case I'm making exception but anyway. So that's the reason I did that force to have it. So here I am stuck with another five minutes here where I could be out the door. I could be already done in the car. I could be out the Hershey highway right now. But why would I want to do that when I can talk to a lady named Indiana? Hello. I have an idea for you. Yes? Okay double jeopardy is not legally United States but it is another country so we need to find out where it's legal and we can send OJ there and they can try them again. Do you like that? No. Okay. Bye. Okay. Okay. She's calling from Indiana allegedly but she sounded like the Ditchie brought to me didn't she? Huh? She wasn't from Indiana. Maybe she was from Boy Gary Indiana. Maybe that was Boy Gary doing a voice anybody seen him lately by the way? No. Yeah we want to apologize to Steve Nichol to Boy Gary to everybody because now that we've met Todd Dreck now we really understand what's scraping the barnacles off the bottom of the ship is all about. Man who doesn't have the co-homes to come in here and deal with his accounts. A man who like you know, Sarah Pissisly is running around in the middle of the night whispering and writing graffiti on walls and uttering all of these things. Like Neil is weird. Really weird. And here's Davey. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Did you see the movie the unforgiven? No. Well they had a sign up in front of this town said no firearms. And I know I'm being naive but why can't we get some kind of referendum certain places about not having firearms in our county and so forth and so on. But by the way also Mr. Rodriguez show is excellent. I would even consider listening like listening and better than you and I love your show. Right. Better than me. Oh that's good. And he's good. He still found like a bag but he's good. Yeah. Yeah. But um, the NH. Well okay. Another guy with no material. One of your guys is one of your biggest fans. Okay. He's not like Kathy Bates to me. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes man. Hi Neil. This is the elevator lady. Hello. The elevator lady? Yeah. From the pants again. Oh just too long ago. It doesn't matter. I'm calling to that. Oh yeah. From the older reading you mean. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. From a hundred yards ago. Yeah. Okay. Good. Um this is for Jim Baker. Not little Hitler guy that calls. You didn't realize that you're not an atheist. You're God. Yeah. I want to let them know that. No I just don't like gun. I just want to let you know that. I did that really bothers me when people are so ignorant. What bothers you that there's anti-traumatic little hit. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. In fact. Yeah. In fact. It's really bothers me. It's like maybe somebody will steal his beanie for the holiday. And when they're making take the shows, there's the either. Okay. Have a great weekend. Bye. Bye. That's right. They shouldn't take the show so seriously. See you're taking them seriously. It's only business and you're taking it personal. You know what I'm saying? Just calm down. Light nut. Have 30 or 40 more. Here's it's American effin way. Enjoy your memorial. Hot day. So anyway, we buy back myself into a corner here. But you know what? There's always an easy way out. And move that film. And acquire things that lead you in peace. Oh! The keys will lead this just dead. They said it's painer. But like a face man, I'm so feeling you're in it. Oh! The keys like a fan if you feel the freedom, painer, I feel your mood inside is always a pain. It's like a fan if you do me. Well, say that you prayed. The total act is not just a day when you make that hair off my dad's fan straight up. Now while I'm going to real super jam my tongue off in your room. Who's burning the ball? I'm telling them you're telling them you're in it. I got a must at B to B. B. My friends told me in number two. I heard you yelling, chacha, but I prefer you to turn the day's not your favorite day to be. The previous baby, they're acting. The moon is shining on me. Six like a penny to me. Now put on weight that hair while controlling. I'm going to try to strike them. Just being the eyeball hurts you. Think you're not feeling when I see real your clothes. They're close to the hell with the mouth going through. When what I do, these men feeling like a man. You'll find it hard to sit down and I get done with your hair. Are you sure? I can't stand it too. We didn't think they're fighting. You're ruining the sky and all the things. It's like a penny. It's like a penny, it's like a penny