This is Sports Radio 560 QAAM Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami board Latterdale presents the Neil Ronser show Talk to Neil, called 567-0560 toll free for David Rarrant or Pound 560 on your cell phone The opinions of Neil is guest callers or anyone else on the shows and not necessarily reflect those of WQAM The busy read acquisitions for the measly broadcast group Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAAM Will you fudge back him? I want to bang him, but honey Coming to the WB this fall, a new kind of law A law where criminals are praised Not punished, introducing judge iron, my Tyson Okay, okay, or does it my court will please Okay, first thing for it You know, quote to nogga for You look in fine tonight You want to go to Routel? Or does orders Okay, yo yo yo First case It's the city of New York versus Al Sudah Mr. Sudah, how you play? Oh, get the, with no explanation, daw Y'all I see Okay, you committed a crime of stealing And for when I sit I don't see that being a crime at all Court rules in the defendant's favor Autotism's plot Yes, judge by Tyson brings no law or order To WB this fall I'll tell you, can't put my head hood All cases dismissed Judge Mike Tyson Coming to the WB this fall I'm serious about this so So serious, I took speech lessons Mill of claims got nothing on me All right Okay, 10 out to at 5. 60 WBQM Happy Christmas Happy New Year Here we are, birthday Whatever it is How can we say Merry Christmas and happy birthday How can we just say Merry birthday and Huh So anyway, I got a product for you that is going to knock your off Well, maybe that too Peter Leonard came in this morning and in between His Derecal Diarration said Hey, judge, how you know, judge or gain even here today It's so but nevertheless Well, he's got it down to a side Judgey, have a wonderful day, judge He has a great chat He brings me from our good friend Alan And he likes him, West Volca Sugar free milk chocolate bars Derele Lea With splendor With that great sweet or splinter Which isn't like asked for time I'll be speaking of asked There's a big big warning on these candy bars And they are delicious This is the best and get so many carbs And the whole thing Oh, zero Zero carb We're going to, well, I have a 0.01 by like a tiny trace And infinitesimal trace How do you like that? And for a good size too But let me warn you right now It says on the wrapper See, they'll want to even say on a package It just kind of sneaks up on your bike Surprise after about the 6th one It says excess consumption may have a Lacks it of effect How do you like that, huh? Wow See that proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that there's no God Because these taste real good They taste delicious, just like the real God damn thing But if you eat too many I'm going to be real busy How about that game last night's big enough That crap Pretty weak, pretty weak after last night I thought by your panthers Well, take the point, thank you by the way So Caroline and her coolness loss Let's work on a bright side Another wise very dark picture Oh, seriously they got an 10 points ahead of Caroline And they got the big game coming up this weekend Up there and if they win it could be like 12 points up Two greatest teams in the world Toronto Maple Leafs are 10 points ahead Ottawa Florida Panthers 10 points ahead of the hurricane There you go The lucky one, but it was pretty pretty disappointing That second goal that Mike Salaikov let in there was Pretty weak, little backhand right through the legs there Through the five hole, not through the bike And Mike Wilson There's some of the night for Mike's I guess Mike Wilson had a really Desperate game on defense last night But Pablo gave it his best shot He always, he's always single lady He's always worth the price of the mission And you know something we had a pretty good crowd 15,000 for a girl steam like Atlanta That beat us last time we played them up there And tied us here coming from behind tree one last night She had picked a final score yesterday As seven one Panthers And right got to be three one by the end of the first period I'm saying to myself, alright It looks like a real possibility here And by the way, the officiating, some of the worst in the history of the sport Lance Roberts, you the guy that I'm anti-Christ okay But even setting that aside, you just, you can't wind up blowing a tree one Leave against the girls team and standing around and watching the last two periods And settling for a tie against the little league girls team But nevertheless, the pretty good time was ahead by all Everybody I talked to and there was one guy who said, well, you know, I do miss somebody I asked all the colors but I still listen every day and I love it Everybody I've spoken to, all 47,000 people I've talked to And last week have said, we love the get rid of the colors How do you like that? I like it. And today and tomorrow of course being a Christmas, what would you call this? Because I don't even know what day it is anymore When you get to this, huh, Christmas Eve Eve? You know, I'm telling you, our good friends out here from the construction folks I know they're working in feverously because they get ready to get out here for the holidays But I'm going to tell you they're banging and clanging And it's getting a little bit of this concerning already here You know what I'm saying? I don't want to interfere because you see tremendous progress We're making out here. We got kind of like the shell of a receptionist desk out there And we got a little bit of baseboard out there in a hallway, a little baseboard baby Woo! Woo! I need to do the man! The seven year QAN construction project continues And by the way, there are other people in this building who share my dismay And content for the fact that during something as is minimally listened to as her A cool and basketball. You of them, her A cool and basketball. Which they lost by the way, thank goodness. If they won, would they have had another game? Or was that the end of it? We don't know. We don't care. Thank God they lost. Get it over with. But that there were spots running. People had paid for the highway way to New York. You showed the old QAN bait and switch routine. Check and see this again. Save the knocker there. My checks in my pocket. Thank you, Miriam. That's the important thing when I come in here on the attempt in the 25th or whatever day is a very close to that. It's making sure you get the check in the pocket before 10 o'clock and then if you don't have your check by 10 o'clock you just need to go Like that till the check shows up. That's all you do. This is where we'll home job until the check shows up. Like going on strike. And by the way, speaking of the phone list format, does the phone work today? No. Joe Kayman, right in early sat down, I told him about what happened to phone being out yesterday. I mean completely out. When it's out, it's completely out here in this studio. Is the phone out in the other room? No, no problems in there. But in here we seem to be having a certain problem. But it's phone system in here, which of course was the crux. The crux of our major complaint of the fact that this company can't provide a guide to him phone that works. So yes, a little louder guys, come on. I want to be in here to see the guide to him. I see them come through the walls. What I want to see. They're banging so loud out here. Right around where I'm sitting. It must just be a coincidence. Because you know, we're in here an hour before the show. Was there any banging going on like right around us before the show started? No, now that I'm on here because these guys are so fond of me. It's just big band. They want to hear the show through the wall. So they're just banging the hammers just on like, you know, a piece of plywood. That's all. They're not even doing any work. They're just out here right out with your ear to the wall. Bang and banging, banging something. Somebody out in the hallway. So we got a real treat for today. By the way, well, you finished with a Cecil story and the Orlando Brown story and the Lee Roy Horde story. There's so much good crack on on you know. I say, let's send them all to Jay. Because it's Christmas Eve. Even tomorrow is Christmas Eve. And so since I'm working both of these days, I figure we'll do the what we do every year. And play like a whole pile of crap sounds real good. Then it sounds great. Get a little lunch and hear later on. See, I don't like the fact that Peter brings me. I mean, this is all good stuff. And I do appreciate that. But that's they're getting full on that stuff. And then Joe gets really pissed off because his sick as he is. He's still wants lunch. Yeah, it's sick as he still is with his goddamn third period flu from Monday night's game. A lot of people I understand. A lot of pantheon fans got very ill. Oh, and I heard period on Monday as the leaf stuck those four goals in there. And I saw a boy. They're going to can't you pop. 9 minutes after 10 and 5 60 WQAM. Oh, thank God. I feel so much better now that I'm not hearing. I'm hearing. Now that I'm not hearing that. Oh, God. And by the way, you know, Jimmy, we just were speaking of several people in the building. And he also said one thing about Jimmy Johnson. He's an asshole. Not amazing. But they also had the exactly the same comment about Jimmy. He's an asshole. That's okay. Hank will straighten that out. At the two o'clock he'll be on from cool city day. Oh, right. ROLOR. Well, where can her killer be? Why don't they arrest the ramps? There's no way that these people should still be free. I'd do it because somebody's a family. Yeah. Well, it's been a few years. You've been quite a while. They haven't got no one to drive. They have no leads. So they'd stay. If I was there, my word has gone can. No one was there, except a family that night. Something's being said, something is just right. Kids who are these cops. I'd like to see. All they put the police to catamines movies. Well, where can her killer be? Why don't they arrest the ramps? There's no way that these people should still be free. I'd do it because somebody's a family. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. He makes you and he. I'm the up to the ground. When I was strawberry, man. I was a high-woven lady. I walked through the night that night was real. And I was a miracle. It's not a miracle. I'm in the same room as I'm on you now. He beats me and he beats me and he beats me so that's a row. And I'm not my head and he's gone. He's a piano, and he's a piano, and he's a piano. So they're gonna let him go. My dad's not me all. He beats me so that's a heart that's so easy. So he's a part of who he is. You're living in a city. But I'm not the old. But I'm not the old. I'm 15 or 550. I'm 52 and I'm half in your Thursday. So if God damn I can't figure out what hell day is. You know, this is very disturbing. Among the many other things this time of the year. And what the hell day is it does anybody know. Anyway, poor Cecil huh, poor Cecil the diesel. It looks like he's between a rocket heart and place. He's like Joseph he would say if he were alive today to say it. Is Joe hell alive today? No. These guys are definitely coming to his back wall here. Any second. Tony, can you hear that in there? Just they're just banging on a baby. Pounding and banging. They're trying to bang away through here. Maybe it's the brothers today, the sisters to the rescue. That's what it is. And thank goodness by the way, before we talk about Cecil A diesel and John Office Rocker, you know, I'm beginning notice a common thread between almost all the athletes nowadays except for course the hockey players. All the other ones I think that they're uh, 예, crazy. Maybe that's who, well, what Britney Spears? Was singing about that song crazy. She must have been singing about the goddamn, yeah. the athletes and thank god we got John Rocker who's a big white guy to pick on is opposed all these farts is or so anyway what was I just saying before I was talking about these old cons that interrupted myself that I started to say you know in which state is not a boy you're you are in the weather athletes are crazy no just before that something tremendously important you're gonna come through the wall okay like I said I'll whenever it comes back to me that's bad that's a bad sign of like Elfasheimers so Cecil will fight Luziana extradition is what it says here that a shame Cecil is he's gonna see him anymore no she I hear was this dying he was I had a thing with her with with what's his name and yeah what a joke all these apologists we got an one mentioned in names in this radio station people immediately see it's one thing to rush to judgment any direction but see this this tactic this technique this is old as the hills in fact the book that I highly recommended you which I'm sure nobody read because you probably can get it here Laura Robinson's crossing the line violence and sexual assault in Canada's national sport I talked about this months ago about all the rapists in the child molesters all the other crap that goes on in the world of hockey in the NHL and in junior hockey all of any right one of the one of the things she talks about in here and by the way Rimmer and Al Strockin and all you other people in denial in the hockey well they don't want to read this book you don't want to read it because you know it's true and it's a threat to your machismo how can remember we worried about a threat to his machismo let it keep talking about who's you know pop those got an inch and a half on Sergey and that's why Anna Cornel Hol is going out with him now instead of the other rich Russian hockey player here's a guy that's like taking notes in the showers and he's worried about his machismo and that image who you kidnriver and by the way what do you think your team last night they stopped yeah they were pretty weak but anyway so in this book he talks about the fact that this is the first line of defense always is to accuse the woman the bitch it's always he's the bitch she's a slot she's a horror she's growing everybody on the team that's the oldest technique in a world now this particular blonde white woman who's involved in this situation teen and oldie does she claim that she knows him at all oh she says that she saw one time or maybe more than once in the what was it in the showers and the gymnasium in the complex where they live yeah the showers and he tried to hit on her something like that or try to um a nose a lot a little bit to her uh... then she said no and told her husband he said oh yeah we know that's come back is that he's a colon state hell away from him he's got a reputation for crap like that see if you're having a relationship with some woman and all you kids out there who are listening take notes on this if you're having a relationship with some lady even you bullbikes out there if you have a relationship with a lady person break into their house five thirty in a morning through their bedroom window and that'd be ready to rock and roll isn't that the way it works uh... yeah in the world of sports in the mind of this compulsive repetitive would be rapist see that's the only word you can use for it because when it got already done this twice before in lusiana which is where they wanted to be extra that didn't by the way they said he does article in the hero the dozen job of the one in the sun settled or what i saw the news this morning they said he has got a chinaman's tants and by the way he'll look like no china ever seen but they said he didn't got a chinaman's tants of beating this thing about the after this nouluziana because the uh... thing that they signed is legal and kosher and he's going however right here in soft florida system state attorney dandeluzi lozi whatever his name is maybe he knows the balls uh... forward of whatever that guy's name was from yesterday but anyway dandeluzi says if we were up to us we want to keep him here adding that a possible stocking charges also a possibility to hear the deal if he goes back to lusiana he faces up to four years in prison for parole violation but if he's tried here he could face up to five to fifteen years on a vertebrae charge maybe stocking charges on top of that what they have in the side of the it but there's still a evaluating considering how do you like that you think we're gonna see him anymore and all this bookcraft all of these people are want to cover to stop while he didn't jimmy didn't take much of a risk you see remember korea mubdouls barg member the long departed see it doesn't make any different how much money they invested how much money they've paid him but when you bring in criminals to replace somebody else on the roster that you find to get rid of there's only so many spots on the roster you follow them saying so no matter how much it cost you in dollars in sense in terms of somebody who isn't gonna be there to contribute for getting about the broken leg but isn't gonna be there to contribute because of uh... going to jail see this is always the alibi for jimmy while it wasn't really a big risk it didn't cost them all every time he brings them all these mid-miss vits whether it's the meaty sun or wood or sea solar any of these clowns it's just taken up another spot on a roster i mean if he's gone who's gonna replace him they're gonna bring koreen back all things so i'm taking it come back how about big battle and all brown he ain't no rented back but nevertheless you got to have something to do while he's been suspended suspended from the nb from the nf whatever he's in the nf i can't wait for book of ryan because he's on fire now book of ryan after that stuff we had yesterday will play out today again by the way great reeds socks is number one with four bullets yeah everybody's in love with that and so matter of fact we like it so much we don't have no basketball game today but it knew we're gonna put on great reeds watching the socks for two hours which you're probably get a higher rating than the new and basketball the last two days on this radio station uh... no question about it so big bad or land or brown who wanted to go the referee down he's a suspended indefinitely and all this book rapper supposed to be all sorry for him because uh... wow he's got uh... the bad eyesight thing in a family and uh... the referee hit him any eye with the thing accidentally and that he was uh... carried away by the emotion of the moment i think there would have been a good defense for oj too he was pissed off because she was a screw in a lot of the guys and she saw this good looking young guy hanging out by the house and you got pissed off and fired up and slip both of their drugs and that's you know he's pissed off the heat of the moment and the heat of passion people do irrational things and that should be the defense in my right no no anyway here's another interesting story which i just saw by accident here remember the starman lilly rohjord uh... hard hard hard hard was picked up on south beach remember that slow lab work but this this is almost comical and by the way if you know if you want to buy somebody a good gift for the holidays not too late it's only the twenty thirty got to the go out to your bookstore run ab uh... borders or barns and all the way to the bookstore and play on the copy that book pros and cons the timing would be perfect they would be in heaven reading it right now and they'll say oh you know something now let's make sense all these scumbags as long as you're not accused of gambling professional sports they love you so you're not into the gambling thing or you're shoved the referee down on the ground because uh... he it's in the out of this slow lab work resulted in drug charges being dropped against minnesota Vikings running back leeway hoard who facely disorderly kind of charge stemming from a problem outside of my beach nightclub select that word from a problem hoard was arrested the webber twenty after a scuffle with his girlfriend my beacons found in his possession cream colored pills with a marijuana preprointed on one side oh no that's pretty incriminating is in it by the way i brought in some great crap today that were all smoking already because there ain't nobody around you know is anybody in management here today oh we're smoking some great crap today that's why jokeman out of a sick bit and of course they'll be ready for lunch extra good to come on anyway it says hoard was been played with knee problems all season said they were pain killers for the case of proceed prosecutors needed laboratory evidence that the pills were ecstasy as police suspected or some other controlled substance the evidence had to be produced within thirty days and uh... it wasn't and griff at the state attorneys administrative assistened said only had a month to process it and for some strange reason it didn't happen it was a little slow just like a lot of you folks out there it was a little slow it that bad that's real bad like a lot of the people used to call the show a little slow by the way thanks to my good post personal friend any capelin i knew he'd do it i knew anyone come through for us a nice fact check for center one is here i've gone for you ready good man even when i compose a gambling problem of his he still has a squeeze out of big fat one in a check to for center one and by the way we still have eight days to go all of that reminds me i got a very disturbing fact which i have no idea if it's true or not all your spec stores all of our software and over there on four miles about the best of the united CDs and cassettes no more key change i'm sorry because all the other two three thousand those but we don't have them but if we're gonna get anywhere near a hundred grand per center one this year all you've got these last eight days and please go into your buy your cities because after that war in deep crap anyway here's uh... joey and a tattin listener says i went to buy your CD it's specs and worth my money on hundred sixty third in the guy behind the counter says to me why do you want to buy that jerks CD yeah sounds like the things we had at borders last year uh... i said because i like the new roger show and also said because this is america and i do say you're buying anything i want to tell him he's the jerk how do you like that so we got somebody working on hundred sixty third street specs over there who evidently if this is true and i have no doubt that it's because it's a fairly article in fact doesn't like the new roger show it says i'm a jerk how do you like that well you know what i say he's a man so yeah not that i want to start getting a man calling thing but he's an asshole yeah always gonna i mean when's the last time you walked into the establishment bought a book or bought a CD or something took into the counter and he looked and said uh... you know like yeah what do you want that for twenty six after ten at five sixty w q a ms this is the meal roger show this is your boy any question but he'll roger show no nothing on today instead rather gambler sport whole radio five sixty w q a m and it's continuing after to cater to all three of you slag job lifeless automaton his grounds of reason ragrees rushing his son and love these my wife got me these socks my favorite time to do you know dark brown gold diamonds down each side of the aqua your good another one. What is it, what does it have? What's a mess? Oh, I did check you a lot about you. You just got the attention. It's a pretty good little person. Director and go back to your office. Okay. Why there's nothing to worry about. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. But I've done it. Okay. 1031 at 560 WQAM. By the way, I'm starting to realize what a great intellectual show that morning show of ours is. Didn't you learn a lot the last few four minutes on there? The guy would have a buzzing sound on the phone. He was given a same side buzz. Maybe that was the way he had a sound effect. About how, well, what it was a lot of added security there at the dolphin game. And then guilty chips in with he chimed in with some very informative information about. Oh, yeah, they're saying, yeah, you better watch your sub because there's terrorist threats around these holidays. Any better way a little extra careful. I hadn't heard that of you. No. That's the first line heard about anybody hear that. No. Yeah, the guy in the guy in the phone, a great car proving what I say about cars being a real intellectual that he is. Didn't even say Jimmy and Danny. He says, oh, yeah. He said, you know, and you think it's tight now. He just went to the next home game. It's going to be extra tight because, you know, any gathering, where there's going to be a lot of people, the award is that they're going to be really watching out heavy duty. So we're really on top of things. Unlike the usual Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny and boring repetitive mononus, got that you're in the morning show. Now we're starting to branch out a little bit. Thank God for that. I'm going to your boys getting some very useful information out to the troops there out there in radio land so that they don't go running around during the holidays. I got a solution for you. You want to have a good reason to stay at home during the holidays. Get up onto these candy bars, baby. From Delight. Sugar free milk chocolate, they're delicious. They have splendor. And I'll tell you, one or two of these candy bars during the holidays, I guarantee you will never, ever leave the house. It'll make you sh**. Wow, you'll stay real close to the porcelain bus. Huh? Good idea. Just load up on these. And then the whole family can stay real close to home. Although there might be kind of a line at the Imagic Room, but never less. There's a beautiful picture. What paper was this in? See, I can't owe the Harold. You know how I can tell the Harold? Because it's got this incipit people, all the thing on the other side. Moon glows over ancient Rome. This is a fantastic picture. It's just on the inside like page, whatever that's for, too, whatever. Rising over the ruins of ancient Roman form, the moon is viewed between the columns of the Temple of Saturn left in the Temple of Vespision. The moon appears larger and brighter than usual because when they were the winners' solstice, or the first day of winter, when the moon is closest to the earth. The poet in the lovesets at a star astronomer, Stan, old and wall that the Goddard Space Lights in or Maryland, but it's not particularly where it happened to be five to seven years. Look at that. Take a look at that picture. And of course, Yokehustel will be a good attendant, but that he is. Would love to be there in Rome to see. The ruins of the ancient Roman form and the Colosseum and the Awedin cake and the Atrevee found and all those other amazing and beautiful things over there in a real city with real living and breathing. People and real Italians, not a bunch of illiterate Guido's. Like from New York. Well, that's a great picture. I just mentioned that in passing, so you might take a look at it and you'll say, You know, maybe Neil's got a point there as opposed to Scurionale Scurionale, Why did you just leave now? They're excuse me for saying that there are other places in the world that are really pretty excuse me for saying that. Even though I do know that for a fact, excuse me for saying that because we have a lot of very childish people here who are very emotional, very over a high strong, I guess is the word I'm looking for. Speaking of high strong, here's some great letters to the editor in the papers today. But I mentioned that the poor Orlando Brown, I did mention it tonight. Poor Orlando Brown, keep knocking on my free down, baby. He's going down. And I did talk about the John Rocker thing. I think if you look at the audio fault by the way under a rocker, I don't know what they got under in there. Tommy offered very generously yesterday for me to play that. And I said, because that wasn't really a word of the implication of the story at that point. Because I certainly was listening to that morning show yesterday. Oh, no. And he said, well, he's a bad-nothing New York. Again, that's a little big deal. I didn't realize he was bad-nothing, everybody. Is it in there? Okay, well, wait a second. No, no, let's do it now. The biggest thing I don't like about New York, are the foreigners. You can walk in entire block in Times Square and not here anybody speaking English. Asians and Koreans and Vietnamese and Indians and Russians and Japanese people. Oh, that's a lot of everything up there. How's the health of the giga-lock? I just cut it. But that's not him. No, no, no, no. And, well, yeah, back here to say that. Leave it to the old guys. Oh, to sports that I thought it was him speaking. I could read the same guy's damn thing and do it much more articulately and intelligently. Then some bozo for me, SP and N. That's what that is. Oh, you guys on the sports shows, an estation man. Oh, the aroma still. Oh, by the way, speaking of that, I'm at the macarine alas night. I go on and be between periods to go take a leak or maybe it was before just before the end of one of the periods to go take a leak. Since if you're smart, that's what you do it. When there's a commercial brick and the old pink light comes on there, which means you got two minutes to go run and take a leak. And there's some guy out there, like standing there in a hallway. And all of a sudden he like I see moves kind of away. Not that he had some a version of me. He wasn't me to look at me. And then I smelt it. You know what I'm saying? No, not a routine. He left it there and then he kind of like walked away. But since he was the only one in the vicinity, I know he did it sir. It's not full of me. I thought it was you. Okay. In fact, I could recognize him. I'm going to point you out in the next game. Oh, God. Have you ever done that? See, in fact, let's be honest about it. What are you like in the supermarket? And accidentally of custom cheese. And what you do is you try to like move a little bit away from it and then get close to where it is a bunch of people. So that anybody who catches the drift of it, things, well, it could be any of them. We really can't be sure. I think it was him, but I can't be positive because all of the all these other people. I'm not really sure, but the fact that he ran at the last five yards like a bat on the hill to get away from it. I'm pretty sure I'm out of it in him. Like this guy that just left his cloud out there in a hallway at the Macaroon last night. What he's bad enough that we had a cloud inside was where number eight on the uniform. Boy, can anybody tell me what he contributes to this thing? No, I mean, he makes it a little more colorful. I'll grant you that. And I like how he's told you a billion times that everything means Mike Greer. There's a talented black hockey player. A famous A-ness, Anton Carter on the Bruins. Grant Fuerder's a lot of good hockey and black hockey players, you know, several of you. He's not one of them. He contributes nothing zero. And I frog that done frog Denise Potpank keeps going on here. Oh, I'm just amazed at how well I improved the years and how I've just shocked that he's so much better. I feel really, really happy. Yeah, and you should have to keep saying all those stupid things you always say. And so that you have viewers, two by the way. Feel exactly the same way from here on your crap Denise. So we'll do, I'll do the John Rocker thing without the help from ESPN. See, this is the problem. When I come in here, do I say it was going to play like a ton of crap today tomorrow, which I will eventually get around with. But I got all this other crap that takes precedence, okay, because when you're full of it, it flows out easily. People are coming up and saying, gee, how do you do it? Talk for four goddamn solid hours every day. You got rid of all those crap because we really love it, but how do you do it? And like I said, when you're full of it, it's like a human septic tank. It just flows right out. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, you know. And of course, I had a good teacher. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop. Remember that? Remember that bit? Of course, everybody does. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. I think it needs to be seen. He's hanging out in the flowers there, the naturalators. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. I think he was probably my mentor as far as bop bop bop bop. Just to talk in a disturb. I'm not really seeing too much. 21 before, I'm gonna clock it. 5.6. You kill me. Call him. I think he's through a bad train. He's going to go. And I think he's doing a weird thing. And when I didn't knew who was criminal, I got him on the crew. He's the playholder fish. I guess my girlfriend forgot her tells me. That's it. That is another bit of so cool outfit. Why? Oh, man. I feel he's not in a big deal with this. It's not found out. The way this chase me with the dice. Why did that bitch tell me? This two dark two shit. She's being dead with her whole dick. It's not scared of me. It's not a beast. It's no fail to hold. 1042 at 5.6. You can't want to make sure we got the last. Honor you. Rockers, mouth, land, and treble again. Oh, he's off his rocker. I did go through some of this yesterday, but now we have a little bit more on it. We've been vellished. I mean, fun, a little bit more about it. Even John Rocker, nuts. He went way too far this time. The top talking, reliever for the Atlanta Braves. Eight is words when they sang his comments that disparage homosexuals, AIDS patients, foreigners, minorities, and single mothers. Not a bit of a mistake. Rocker triggered outrage in New York. Even his native Jojo, where his remarks in the current sports illustrated that could lead to discipline from baseball or from the Braves. He told the magazine it would retire before playing for New York. He came in and added, imagine having to take the number 7 train to Shaysdating, looking like you're in Bay Root next to some kid with purple hair. Next to some queer with AIDS, right next to some dude who got out of jail for the fourth time. Right next to some 20 year old mom with four kids. It's depressing. The biggest thing I don't like about New York are the foreigners he went on. You can walk it in tire block in time square and not hear anybody speaking English. Asians and Koreans and Vietnamese and Indians and Russians and Spanish people and everything up there. How the hell did they get in this country? And a statement released Wednesday, Rocker retracted those remarks. What a surprise. While I have evidence strong competitive feelings about New York fans in the past and take responsibility for the things I've said publicly, including the sports illustrated article, I recognize that I've gone way too far in my competitive zeal he said. Yeah, we just just competitive zeal. You know, it's just like Orlando Brown. He was just all worked up to a frenzic. That's why Orlando Brown threw the referee down. Rocker said he was not a racist. He said he's not a racist. Yeah. Although he let his emotions get the better of my judgment. He said in his set things which when red with cold hard logic, are unacceptable to me into my country. When red with cold hard logic is opposed to, I'm great sense of humor I guess. Everyone makes mistakes and I hope everyone can put this aside and begin the 2000 season with a fresh start. He said, I am contrived. Can we put it aside? Oh, no, we hate him like poison even more than the meds fans and the other people from New York used to. Commissioner Buds Sealy called Rocker's remarks inappropriate and offended and said they are being reviewed. The play is under review. How do you like that? They're being reviewed. Now, wonder does that mean that Bud Sealy has got like the referee's name. He's like looking over there and they got a sports illustrated on the tell us later. And he's got to smoth over his head. And he's got like a minute and a half to look and read the other thing and read the words and review them. Does that what that means? Huh? And then I'll come and give us his decision. Or I guess no actually what they have is somebody else reading him and then he'll tell Bud what it means. Because you know Bud Sealy. He's a little on the stupid side. Raves general manager John Schurhol spoke with Rocker for ten minutes on Wednesday and said he plans to meet with him after the holidays. Yeah, let's get the holidays. He's an over but before we start in and then we'll bunch of crap. Okay. He's going to meet with him after the holidays discuss what actions the organization will take. The view points attributed to John Rocker in no way reflective use of the Atlanta Braves organization. Surehold said of course. Rockers teammate Brian Jordan who's a little on the dark and plucked side by the way. Tooled Atlanta's WQFSA. You can't respect a guy who makes comments like that publicly. Oh, come on. I'm a privately. Surehold said he did not think Rockers or Mars would be disruptive to the team. He said Rocker told him he has as many good friends on this team who are African American or Latin as he has that are Caucasian. Back he said he had Ryan Clesco or pretty tight all of the just trade to Ryan Clesco yet that he didn't. Oh, I'm not allergic with it. Better blown up on your baseball or your fallen behind. The Rocker claims to have friends of all ethnic groups according to Sports Illustrated. Rocker reportedly called a teammate a black teammate, a fat monkey. Oh, how do you like that? Did we see a fat monkey by the way? I never saw fat monkey. I saw some black spartars in my time. We're pretty fat. Roy. Yeah. Rockers been the focus of hatred from New York Metz Phantons to September during the playoffs. Obviously said Metz Phantons insulted his mother and threw batteries at him for which we say, Oh, right. I know something I'm getting really pissed off at Peter Leonard. I'll give you one guess why. Okay. Seriously. I mean, you go. I go for months here in the areas of work go loosely without any problems whatsoever. Four hours a day. I'm all prepared for you time out your bodily functions. And now I seem to have kind of a run. I'm here last week and a half. The last weekend a turd or so. And he brings me in a goddamn lacticative candy bar before the show. And you'll notice that the more than half of it is gone. I had only like a very small amount. And already I have a rumbling. You know how at the outback they had that dessert to chocolate thunder down under. I'm starting to feel some thunder down under. Yeah. Thanks to my good close personal friend, Peter Leonard. You know, Peter? He's an answer. I mean, lacticative before the show you idiot, you maniac. This is exactly even all it takes. Better, but it's the same thing. This has been bringing it in a bar X-Lax before the show. Yeah. This is from our body. I have some X-Lax nail. It's delicious. Only too much. Well, certainly it's I feel exactly the same. So like I said, these are delicious. But it says in gigantic letters. Here, look, you can read in there. You see that. excessive consumption may have a laxative effect. And believe me, if here, let me open this thing up. And show you, there were like three more squares. So there's one, two, three, four. So I've eaten less than half of one bar. OK? 42% of the bar, three, seven, five, eight. And already, I'm feeling like somewhat distressed down there. As in my back, a little bit distressed under Dures. And you ladies out there, you wait this, you'll feel some stress on the Urdurrest, too. Yeah. I just go on Peter. Peter, do me a favor. Stayed out out here. Make a new year's resolution right now. You just put the soda outside the door and the other than that goodbye. Just stay away. You were detriment to my life. Just like Gary Sarner, by the way, who I had the misfortune to see now outside after him. After he was lucky and hiding for quite a while here, lately. Since I received those cartons at my house, certain things, like a computer, and I already mentioned this on the air. And a cheap monitor. Anybody want to buy him? Seriously. But I'm solicited from this sponsor here that I've already told him very clearly. I will not endorse. I will not be involved with these people. And they don't take no for answer. And he won't take no. I see him out there in the parking lot yesterday. Oh, well, I wasn't here. I didn't know anything about him. But they just wanted to make you happy and it very upset. They used to want to. And I said, don't you understand? I already told you, very clearly, no screaming, no shouting. The word was called. Now, it's interesting. Oh, that's it. And oh, very simple. In any language yet, nay. And he just doesn't get it. And he likes to see we have so many game players in our sales department in this building. Most of the games that are played at 2 AM are by the sales people from the sales manager and the sales holes and the other sub sales managers, their game players. So they do their own little thing behind the scenes and figure they can manipulate. You are they're going to manipulate me? Huh? No. No. For manipulating you and it don't even feel good. That's the worst part. It's embarrassing. But it would be kind of fun to bring that thing in here. We use it for our email. Oh, that's a good idea. Because the argument you want thing are to get in this bank. No. Because I already checked with my hot chat attorney about that. And if somebody sends you something in the mail that you did not solicit you the ask for, you don't request you to not order, it's yours. It's yours. No matter how many stickers they have on their saying property of whoever it might be, it doesn't make a god damn bit of difference. It's yours. So there's the good news. Now I have a very, very cheap and the chinchy along with my pretty good compact computer and big large monitor. And I have a god chinchy computer and really a crappy little like baby monitor too. Yeah, see that's the best part. It's not even good stuff that I'm supposed to be impressed with. It's crap. It's pure on a dollar rate of crap. Like about your baby stuff for an adult. Gary Sarner all I can say is, he's an asshole. I think about ourselves the problem. And it is pretty consistent through and through. We got a couple of people who stand out a little bit above the rest. John penis, we see him lately. Oh, no. How about blind? Anybody see an him? Oh. So I end of me over there. Sure, I hope he was not a way to use the restroom because we know he's a good guy, but oh boy. Well, he uses that magic room, all the magic vanishes in a big cloud of. So anyway, here's a great letter to the editor in the Sun Sentinel today. Steven Breyer of Western Rights. No, and this is in response to letter that I read a couple of days ago from some homophobic asshole. No comparison between Shepherd and Durkizing. It says, why do you print letters from obviously foolish people who say things like, why do we hear so much about Matthew Shepherd and other gaze murdered by the streets? And not much about Jesse Durkizing and other streets murdered by gaze. There are straight child molesters and gay child molesters, straight murderers and gay murderers. There are some bad, straight people and also some bad gay people as the killers of Jesse Durkizing obviously are. Studies proved that the percentage of truly evil people is about the same in the straight and gay populations. However, this has nothing to do with the issue with hand. The reason and the simple mind that please listen closely, that we hear so much and should be disturbed so much when gay people like Matthew Shepherd, service man very wintial and countless others are murdered by streets is that there were killed simply because they were gay. As horrible as his murder was, Jesse Durkizing wasn't killed because he was straight. Hence there's no comparison between the two cases. Logic tells us that it would be impossible for an intelligent person to draw such a comparison for them or they're probably has never been in case where gaze murdered's a straight simply because they were straight. Do you think it was ever such a case? No. No. And intelligent debate on the issues is fine. But when people write to the Sun Sentinel to make comparisons that have no logical basis, obviously born out of the fact that they don't like gay people, the editors should have the sense to throw those letters into garbage where they belong, since even Brian Bois. And I've gone there, Stephen. But of course, they don't put the letters into garbage where they belong because both of our local newspapers are famous for printing obviously bigoted narrow-minded letters based on nothing but bigotry in a bunch of swell. For example, in the Heraldus morning, around a couple of other letters that make a lot of sense, Gregory G. Sodomin, in Homestead. I wonder if he's from Sodomin and Kimora. Well, he mentions that in the letter. He says Robert Steinbach should read the Constitution Bill of Rights in the Declaration of Independence before it makes statements such as he didn't as December 15, calm. Again, intolerance and name of Jesus. These historic documents already protect our inelianable rights, the gay rights law, grant special privileges to one group of people, homosexuals, over others. So we make new laws to protect specific aspects of each law and every group of people I sure hope not. Mr. Steinbach should also read the Bible. God clearly speaks about this grievous form of sin in Genesis with a destruction of Sodom and Kimora. As a Christian, I must tolerate many things that are not agree with like taxes, but I do not have to accept those that go against my beliefs and will of God. I love the word tolerate. So other words, he tolerates things that he would go to jail for not tolerating like if he didn't pay his taxes, but you don't want to tolerate no faggot because that's against his religion. Tolerate. You see what you're saying is there's a good Christian, your intolerant is what you're saying, Gregory, Sodom and Kimora and Homestead. That's what you're saying. Couple of other letters, one above and one on the other next to it. Hal Marshall, Councilman from Community Council 7 in Dave County. So the Christian Coalition is spending a great deal of effort this holiday, seem to persuade local governments that it's good and morally okay to deny basic human rights protections to all. This political group, masquerading his Christians would rather commit to hurting others than the helping. This in itself shows their fundamental hypocrisy. The fact is, the human rights ordinance passed the Miami-Dade County Commission vote via illegitimate process on its own merits plus the solid majority of surveyed Miami-Dade voters support the ordinance as it currently exists. The local coalition, Charlotton, prefer a confusing, contradictory and un-Christian approach that deceives municipalities in the thinking that they're achieving some democratic or higher goal by listening to these hate mongers. If this comes to a public vote, Miami-Dade residents will pay financially for the cost of this special election right-town Marshall, Councilman Community Council 7. And Andrew Conno and Miami rights, once again, organizations preaching the Christian values of loving one another are attempting to repeal the Miami-Dade County ordinance prohibiting discrimination based on sexual orientation. If there's success, the very refreshing for a member of the Florida Family Association or the Christian Coalition to be denied a job by a homosexual employer. How do you like that? And rate, rock, yellow, garrison sunrise, right? Sometimes I feel like a stranger among my own people. Yeah! I was born in Cuba. Cubans in Miami sometimes seem to come from another planet. If the issue was not lost von von, it's Rosita Furnace. Now it's Alián Gonzalez. This boy belongs with his father. Now with a 21-year-old second cousin, it's the law. And I'd go on racco. Oh! But thank God, he's not going back until sometime in January the 21st is gonna be the next hearing although they couldn't rule before then, but nevertheless, he's gonna be able to spend the holidays here. And primarily because they're scared crapless, they were gonna have more, you know, not that we don't have enough other things to worry about with terrorist threats and things like that. But once again, Dade County is held hostage by the sisters to the rescue and all these other jackasses. All these other crazy people. Runnin' to do guttling those ones. Make your life a pile of crap is what they're trying to do because they can't get their way. If we don't get our way, just look out, Jose. 1057 at 560 WQM on a great day before I still know what they're, you know, this is very disturbing. Almost as disturbing as the fact that Peter Leder stopped me with Laxita this morning. No, and that's it. And he wasn't just showing this that he was pushing it on me too. He was, he's a laxita pusher. How do you like that? I mean, most people know that ourselves departments full of crap, but it's one thing that try to push it off at everybody else. You can't do it again. My head is going out again. Okay.. Booy,ricocio, cozo, come on. So I'm going to go somewhere and Mormon everybody. I'm going to go. Get guys stuck. No, not I'm going to get that one. And I'm going to have to hand it over to you. OK, okay. Well, near to me, he's pregnant Leo. He's threatening to finish the water to you now. To the police party comes out tomorrow. OK. But okay. Take a shot. They contribute nothing to the show. So, it got so close. Show sound prices when you don't pick up. So, so. We've already heard it all. Think God he'll got half the ball. So, it's show with sounds like all. So, it got so. Let them go find something else to do. So, more chronic, gluten-like, the guy would be high. So, all army in New Jersey and that he's gone. Thanks to you. So, hey, it got so. So, we like the way it goes. So, it's so, it got so. So, so. What's working for me is more on that. So, all you have to pack is back. Work in, I call someone to pack. So, all speak God. And their place of fat machine will soon. So, it's show with sound prices. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. And they're gonna be a fair. Or there is no Christmas in the silly middle- eve. No trees, no snow, no sands, a closet, a different religious play-leads. They believe in both� rooms and not in our hall of day. And so every December I go to the middle- eve, Sam. Ah. Hey, thy'r Mr. Muflom. Mary, fuck in class with, but down that book's a car I am. I hear some holiday wishes. And Kasew haven't noticed. She said, but I suckin' off your heat and my little mouth and fuckin' sell up right. There is no holiday season in the opera. They don't hang up, they're stockings and that is just absurd. They never read a Christmas story. They don't know what Rudolph is about. And that is why in December I'll go to India and die. Hi there, Mr. Hendo, it's Mary, a quick Christmas, a sweet egg dog, and eat some beef and pasta stews on the end. They can't do having a note. It's a good day, it's a good day. Fuckin' off your heat and it's been due to assin' and I'm crying. Now I heard that in Japan, everyone just lives in sand. They're crazy several dogs and put needles in their skin on the favorite haunted fields. All they do is eat a steak. And that is why I go to Japan and walk around and cry. Hi there, Mr. Hendo, it's Mary, a quick Christmas. God is gonna kick the raccoon in for the yellow chickens dog. They hate to have it, notice their faces, thanks for doing. But it's always nice for Jesus Mary, a quick Christmas to you. On Christmas day, I travel around the world and say, Now it's Christmas, but it's all you A.S.T.S.T. Mary, quick Christmas to you. Hello, this is Moth Dole. You know, a few years ago I had prostate surgery. Initially I was very simply about recovering. And I began to worry about the post-operative side effects, like erectile dysfunction. ED sometimes known as impotence. Also referred to as whiskey weiner. Leg of lamp, soft serve, found pairs of go. Wildly weilly, glass of flagpole, head and south, spaghetti syndrome. Went pissed if, you know, banged on the wits of dead. But there is help. You need to see it out there with a little courage and proper treatment. He can help you achieve an erection. Sometimes known as a boner. Often referred to as a spiffy, hard time, pocket rocket, radicum drop, car and crate crawler, rollercoasters, a jumpy, pitching a tanner being harder than Johnny's algebra. And when you do get help, there's no reason to be ashamed. Because there's now hope to mend in their partners. Hope that they'll soon be able to have intercourse. Sometimes known as sex. Often referred to as a hunky dance. Pump and ugly, hide in the salami, sweat and uprights. The dude's take muggy, getting some on you. Imagine that, you know, taking a trip to the mound. So remember, they had some little embarrassing to talk about, but little courage and a few creative humanisms. You too can leave behind the soft rock. Get yourself some heart salami and ride the baloney pony into a bright new future. I'm Bob Bell. Thank you. Yeah, I got a first class riser. It's done pitch to chat my jeep. Now I'm falling in a worldie. I'm finding it a possible juic in seal. I'm falling in a worldie. I feel I can act without a real. You're the part for the tune. How do you do that to the day? It's basically the speed you want to hear when you're doing it. You're the face of the demon. And they've yet it fallen through. There's a pretty little ghost. She's waiting for a ghost. Down in the jungle room. We're falling on this as man says. All right. It's really a possible juic in seal. I'm falling for this as man says. You feel I can act without real. I'm falling for this as man says. It's almost impossible to fall. It's falling. You're not too bad. Yeah, I think I'm getting understand the method to the madness here with his Peter Leonard stuff. A lot of the people on the atkins, they're a little carved. You know, are the things that they're always complaining about? Is that they are bound up real bad? You know what I'm saying? They just can't move their files. So here you can stay on the atkins. No carbs and just really turn that around so to speak and around and around and around. I'm I'm a ceiling. I'm sitting here smoking. Smoke is coming from my ears. Maybe you can't see it. Because this is not a comfortable feeling to feel like you're like right on the edge of a major disaster. And I came in here on my best behavior this morning. Did I eat anything this morning? Oh, wait. Breakfast? Oh. Did there any reason for me to feel like this feeling of fullness in my. Oh, I hope I can. Oh, colon in my. Oh, except for the fact that I got a crazy person, our sales department, killing us with kindness. Computers that we don't need didn't order and don't want. Lexative candy bars. I mean you and they have it. We got it from the qam sales department. Stay, they have away. Stay out. When it out. Stay out. Now, what are you going to get for once? Cause obviously, I'm not going to be participating in much. I'm serious. Get whatever you wanted. Atlantic City sub-sounds good. Sounds great. Okay, call them up and say, you know, well, at least they don't stick around and we'll wait and watch me to eat it, you know, because I don't think I dare take a chance. I don't. I just don't dare risk it, even though I'm, you know, I could queue up a couple of things here back to back if myself about, you know, I'm in it in 45 seconds. That's enough. As you have discovered, maybe maybe make a new event there in the old Guinness Book Records. Augh, later in the old. Maybe that's what they're trying to do. Maybe this is some kind of a contest that I'm involved in. And I'm going to realize I'm participating. Yeah, how fast can Neil move his entire fouls contest? We can get him right up there to hold number 1 and 3 4 on a Guinness Book before the end of the year. And we only got eight days left. Oh, why did that man do that to me? What have I ever done to him? To deserve this laxative pushing. I'm glad you like it, Peter. In fact, he's a whole bag full here. Take him home and have a wonderful holiday season. Have a brown Christmas. 10 past 11 at 5. 60. How did you queue A.M.? I mean, we in Florida doesn't snow, so we're not going to have a white Christmas, right? So have a brown Christmas, man. All over yourself. Hey, when you're in the mood for a really sinful time, there's only one club that can satisfy the sinful desire. Squared squirt, club Madonna. Well, you were sorry about the fan New World Biggest app. Oh, it's a fan New Story about the brand New World Biggest app. Oh, his name is Peter Leonard and he's a New World Biggest app. Oh. Oh, yeah. I don't want to move. I'm your football player. Don't you make a sound. I just go to rape your weapon. Leave quietly. Don't let this happen to you. Today's national football league crackhead athletes are above the law. Protect your athlete from the horrors of unwanted NFL players in your home. With the new Miami Duffin home alarm system. If you buy anything south in the home alarm system, come see the Jimmy Johnson seal of this approval. I never met a criminal. I didn't like. And if that can catch the ball, a run with the ball, I dare something special. Take criminal athletes off the field and put them in a jail sill where they usually find God in the wife names I wrote. But Miami Duffin home alarm system. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. There is a group of friends. They are talking about. They need to color your post. When you came to the right place. We have a lot of color. What are we going to do about this? We can make a whole show. We need to wait for the crapper. I told whoever it was. They were done and informed me. And a voice came back and said, okay. Was there a voice? Okay. There was a knock of a knowledge. a knock of it knowledge about see if they would have responded anybody know the voice but of course if it doesn't make it's way to know the voice or not could they're going to have to well at you know like in person but they don't just open out on the door maybe some toilet paper what is it was i know the shoes you do know the shoes and the shoes belong to i don't know who they are uh... or i think it was now i will uh... uh... god damn this peter landed i want you to be witness if i ever eat any craft that that man brings you in again while i'm uh... before i go on a year then somebody should chop my uh... record half make my candle up into an animal for something like that god damn him all you just got to be a little bit careful he had more than like a i have a piece of half of like a little time like a sliver a little dabble do you know what i'm saying oh what's the night before Christmas all through the house i'd creature was turned but even a mouse i couldn't sleep so while they're in bed you are not millimetre close to my head i heard noise and i jumped up to see what in hell rag it could be i looked around the corners right hard to believe i saw a fan of what he did not see i saw there fatherly i didn't make sound quote toys from his bag and he's fed them all around he's been my stockings with cartridges and then he's sat down for what i saw next his most sure to us down he walked to the tree and tore off a branch he reached in his pocket and he pulled out a match straight thoughts for needles stop him in his pipe then he struck the match and he gave it a life his eyes flew small his cheeks started to float walked to the tree and it built another bowl started to hold but it came out he was nine let's send a cloth part of us watch smoke in my Christmas tree a second batch of stent cloth did not know you got high then i hardly have been a fan of cold and why didn't rain your flight where would i fit all the cookies and milk if i was high then that was the night the stent cloth taught one buzz by smoking my Christmas tree he's been my part dead he's part he's can't bear your nose apart he's can't even touch you can't even touch himself don't want to try that awful smell why the hell did you eat it melts just like broccoli dive apart I've been upset by fire in live Thatsной I felt like it was good If the test was very good The temperature, so power to be � So Temry will be rising horns and seed 너무 fast You're in church when you know to you You have to stay in your room You know many pop-day has been a bit of something I want to know who's got the cheese Okay, I'm not going to tell the world that was Miguel from Power 96 that was entertaining I was in her ticket about a half an hour dump I'm not going to tell anybody that And he also flushed the plate rolled on the toilet before I went in there Oh, but anyway It's We're going to meet you when it comes to you Man, still she was a take-up Bad We're going Oh Oh Oh Oh You go away Check it out, I can put bubble on my nose And the doctor's has to do soon I didn't kill him, but I know who's dead He's carrying ears on cozy That's a droid name of my head And his backman's fell, will they do soon And his jokes were funny So the red light is showing up when he's doing his games But everyone's just in his skin Watch through hallway sideways And he's covered with dog-real-all-a-ed I'm a fethy dog-ed A change in some new feet, please, hello We're not too sure what's going on there Stay away from me Josh, breathe on Matthew, think he's funny, but he knows that Angel, I'm funny and he's a good fethy Josh, breathe on He's looking to kill the cheese and I know he's fighting And he's not allowed to find the pound, they can't stand Josh, hope that his bed is loaded Doing wretched pile on the roof There's baseballs up and down it Woo, big Just do hold in all that crazy old food Stay away from me Josh, breathe on He's taking my chair, it's free from the light-me Why do you think he does? Don't come to your feet Josh, breathe on Come here, come here There's like a piece of food Throw them to the news, sir There's a piece of something called cheese and home One, two, three, four, five Come on over, honey, now come and take a look Come and take a drive to my big house In chocolate, wow, we can both get juice And maybe a little Panama Watch his own business He's out for a week, I'm like a kid And a candy store is coming to the cheese I have pretzel, hot dog, so they're in peace You remember little Billy, you're laying in the tower Pizza, it's gonna be a while time at the home In New York, it's gonna be a little cheese Like a fort, I'm just like dad, so good Someone over, honey, now flow on my shelter A little bit of my stuff in my house A little bit of my little money cell Without my wife, now live a bit of my little money cell What I see, which is our way That's a little relief A little bit of my little money cell What I need, a little bit of my little money cell And more way, a little bit of my little money cell Here I am, a little bit of you On my happy land A young man, turns 28, his gorgeous, sweetest bag I'll dump the neck of the day It's too many seeds in your dime bag Getting to the party, to make it to the lips Isn't it the chronic version? Don't you think? It's not dirty! When you come out, call me break the free bag When you're already safe Don't leave me, after you've been sick And you take a cool lot of thoughts You get it Mark Brownie, that you already ate a new dawn It's time, a love that you've raised It's like 10,000 joints when all you need is a light It's like having a feel of your tummies And then finding out because it's 10 to life And here's a new tecronic Don't you think? A little too much chronic Yeah, I really think It's not dirty! When you come out, call me break the free bag When you're already safe Don't leave me, after you've been sick I'm a fool on a stock, you get it I'm a 36 just by a 60 W to Q amp So anyway, Jp comes in on a table We're not doing my usual thing And so you pop pop, we're playing a lot of stuff Because it's a day before and these two days Today the Mars like screw off days Just play a lot of good stuff It's bigger than screwing off by the way Josh Friedman continues, even asshole To be a real waste of time Seriously, you give a man assignment to a big fat tub of crap Like Josh Friedman, can he get it done? No, no The promo is Joe Bowen, Harry Neale, even Jeff Burmer The one that I really stayed in was a camp play on a year That wasn't bad enough But he was also going to go out there with a panthers What day is it? Thursday, Tuesday morning Before practice And get them to do some drop-ins And promo is for the show And for the rest of the station And the other guys in the worst team in Hank And is what do we have? We know anything about him? No And you want it out like probably Because they're all distorted like the other ones All distorted Probably his fat guy in a way The microphone Probably one of his Lot-Cajra fools got in a way The microphone God Josh Friedman, you are in here And that was the one guy in this building Try to be a nice guy Try to give him a fighting chance Can he get it done? No No Last chance, Motel Josh Friedman, baby Put up or shot up, okay? Where the guy damn promos? Where's the good stuff? What about it with speaking of promos? Since they are running promos From the athletes on the 17 and run whaffin? So I get out of here yesterday Because they're all still doing basketball game early Again the car And I thought, okay, I keep hearing about these two live Jews On your midday on whaffin Let me see what they sound like They sound like guilty juniors in heat They sound like two chipmunks on helium Trying to be funny That was I survived about seven or eight minutes of it And that was as much as I could have Well let's start with somebody up a name Here's somebody up a name What is it that they're big boxy night at there Come on, come on Trainsic And you're telling me that there are people in this building Who are suggesting that when I hang up the microphone They're going to put those two assholes on the station Oh, God The vast majority The vast majority of what? People in here who like to play pretend program director Every now and again, think that is what will happen Oh, you have that's one of the worst shows I've ever heard in my life It is I read the list of the Josh Friedman farting for two hours Then hear that At least it might be I'm using entertaining something Let me see, let me see what that guy had I don't know, I didn't pretty funny Yeah, yeah Awesome, and awful of this grace and embarrassment And keep in mind that they got canned on the weekends on this station When Greg, when Greg, you want to be free And read when these people bought this station And made them into the sports chain that it is They canned those guys They used to be on the weekend They couldn't make it here on the weekends They have a big fat on the make-belief station Now they're there and they're working We're getting ready to put on their mid days here Yeah, they get a nice small manageable number You know, I like the one to got down here Oh, you eat 21 till noon is 560 WQM We're rolling along, singin' a song We can't get to the moon They're so in foam They're the mud down to the high With this thing They feel the foam And it's fine All night It goes crazy When it's packed Through the land it's bigger and it's better again It's still my hand It cuts my chest What's going on? Ooh, where the blue They're rolling my best to king of my jeans And into my life Oh, how it makes me feel fine It's 16 Oh beautiful And it's mine I'll be back It's... Who's it? Oh, why got a goat? I'm sorry I'm not I'll help the parents To... Oh, oh Oh Oh I... I... I'm not... Oh... Oh... Oh... Oh, I'm not... Ah... Oh... Ah... Ah... Ah... I'm in here. I'm in here. There's the right nail. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! I'm out by the wall. You're just way to minute. Oh, my God! Oh, that was too much. I'm just going to be a friend of yours. I'm just going to be a friend of yours. Oh, my God! You're a champion! You're a champion! You're a champion! You're a champion! You're a champion! You're a person Liu from/. Just tell me you like it. Please, Tahni, say relación to somebody. I called the police so was the car who spayed out of China'sだ phone. Therapy ran out of history, strange Wilma. Betty and her Harper Barley ran her so days out ...arat Louis hands a execute nose of the store, The first two days may be frugal when the fight and that jack will stay out for the night when the boss gets a thunder on the purge rear end He had the soda and over it just began. I hope you take my three-year story back so turn on the tube and have a gay old child xld 5 sixties WU-QAF Your spoiled home administration presents the neo-rogidity hole Neal won't be in again today so that we may provide you with more titillating entertainment. Well, suited for this area and the management state of mind. Live from the white side of the grow. It's Miami, Hurri, Cain, Girls, dot-tball. All right. Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problem. I would like to announce the development of a new software system which will be year 2000 compliant. This program is known as millennia year application software system or my ass. Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my ass everyone. We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at my ass. We have not addressed networking aspects yet, so currently only one person at a time can use my ass. This restriction will be removed after my ass expands. Last week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous. I never put anything in my ass before. I helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively painless and she was actually looking forward to doing it again and was even ready to kiss my ass. As you begin using the program, feel free to put anything you want in my ass. As my ass grows larger, we envision a time when it will be commonplace for a supervisor to hand work to an employee and say, here. I stick this in my ass. It will be a great day when we need data quickly and our employees can respond here it is. I just pull it out of my ass. I'm a little nervous. I'm a little nervous. I'm a little nervous. I'm a little nervous. I'm a little nervous. I'm a little nervous. I'm a little nervous. I will be able to say, here we go. I will be a good friend of the world of your own girls who think we're as cute as we be. I think it's all the big, all the bigger mouths we're hiding. I will lay down here. My thing is for sure we can make sure we can. Why don't we go? Why don't we go? Why don't we go? We can't wait for that day. I swear with that day. I took you to a picnic here. That was a plan you have in ways mom alert the good side can. The hungriest girl that I ever did see with a never-making man to act 233. She can't wait for that day. I never will forget when you tried to ram with dribble on your chin. When you finished what was left, a chicken grown. You defacited her into world of worlds. I was deep in love. Deep in love for me. You were more in love with defiance and being in my advice. You said a bloody hell to fit and a pair of jeans from that crombie and fish. All that com are they doing to send the witch and join these scoots of bulllubtricks. And I was afraid on that picnic that day in the summer. In the summer. I can't believe she defied our word of rack of ribs. Will the chair be concluding that if the GM will forget on that picnic that day in the summer. In the summer. So, babe, it's a couple of years old. And maybe hang a family who's thinking they're good long. So, babe, it's a couple of years old. You don't have the swallows on your head or large claws. Even the fleas when you're going down on me. Oh, yeah. Where is this under my spondy or maze? Shhh. You can't stop for a moment, too, you. Whoa, yeah, I can't. The rest is in a smooth air. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Who would you doubt it now? Oh, yeah, I'd be very happy to be here. Oh, sure. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. The way I move around when I go to, I go to my mobile booth and the phone to my store. Let's see, night swing and swing. To the mobile booth, the radio play. Yeah. Knowing that I don't know, and I've all been to the judge's one thing. I got to do this. But didn't mean to say, but it's all I need. So, I can make my hiding. Night's in the deep. Oh. Yeah. I don't have to push time. It's good to roll when I move inside the side. I have to boil it, boil. I never have to spray. It's not now to hold. It looks a little like a zero. I'd wait to the lens. It's way to the lens. From seeing the shooting, I'll tell you why. I don't need all your burning calories. You can never get a big red ring. That's why big black guy. You can't use the exercials. I can't stop fun when they get into the bomb. Low movement of her too. Hey, look how big Alex is doing the pamper. Hey, hey, hey. Come on, go ahead. It looks like a wheel and he's coming! I can't. Get it, get it. Okay, let's get out. I'm one happy guy. She's packing her bag. All right. Till a reason I leave me far. No, you're, you're. Yeah, I'm waving goodbye. Yeah, I'm going back. Rudy, Julie, I need you to be. New York, New York. I want to wake up in the wild house and be all alone. And find there's no sign of hell. The bitch and her mom. No more evil eyes. I won't hear her name. Fuck it. Her run will make my life so sweet. New York, New York. If you are wet, her pair, she'll be out of my hair. It's up to you, New York. New York. She's gone all wake up in a city so far away. While she's on time at a hill, I'll take off all day. Yeah, I can read time. While she goes to work. Yeah, this case will make my life so sweet. New York, New York. Hold the blame on wet. Her pair, get her out of my hair. Oh, please come through. New York. New York. Come on, baby. Loach our Hillary. God, I feel great now. Tell you, three minutes still noon at 5.50. I feel like I've had a big load taking off my mind. No question about that. What are you smirk it about, man? It's true. Man, my life was flashing before my eyes. I don't want to say it was, who was it Miguel? I wasn't Miguel. I'm sorry. Manual. Manual labor. Who was it? It was Miguel. Miguel from the power 96. We have more than one Miguel in the building. Okay. Don't be blaming the lovely Miguel from our promotions department. Okay. Because I guarantee when he goes in there number one, he doesn't have play girl. Number two, don't take half an hour to do his business. Seriously, I have to specify which man. Suppose it was like Joe Mama was in there and I said, well, Joe was in there. Yeah, you want to be very careful in the specify, which Joe you be talking about. Anyway, we got headgoldberg from the cool city coming up into the set. Don't we got her a cool hotline, six to late from the head center tonight. And then we got Jim Mad Dog Man, it's a little bonus time for the man. Now, what is it? There you go, eight to 10 to nine and any K. I'm good buddy, any K. Thanks for the check, Eddie. Ten of clock tonight. You know the one. You know the one. Lady, I'll find this me. WK, I'm telling you. Who's bothering day now? Hello, I'm Tommy from Tytami. K, for the best high food and best service. Long as you know, Black, come on down to Tytami or Taufi. We know like Black people. K, don't keep well. Besides, White Black people are three times. We don't have fried chicken on the menu. Oh, wait, I forget. We have a spare ribs. No chain, I call. But the spare ribs are menu. They can't but don't. So, if you know Black, come on down to Tytami. Come to think of it. So, damn, damn people. We know like damn either. Should they tip food. But they talk too loud with funny lips. They stop other customers. No comeback. So, no game, no black. And why we added? Latter people. You make reservation for 7-15. Don't show up at 8-20 and expect you to table. We give you two somewhere else already. Latter people always late. No black. No game. No Latin and Thai coming. And George people. You stop figuring all of them. Who can't who have what? Hey, where do I go? That are outside. Take 45 minutes. You're trying to divide up Bill. We ain't all want you here. No, you. No black. No back. No Cuban. And why people? You think you better than everybody else. Some claim too much if we don't teach your ass. You're not coming back. No white. No black. No children. Let's hear those small games. Everybody else. But the best Thai food. Come on down through Thai coming. And they've reached. Hurry. Before we had to close. I'm a done. I'm a done. I'm a done. I'm a done. I'm a done. I'm a done. I'm a done. I'm a done. I'm a done. I'm a done. I'm a done. I'm a done. I'm a done. I'm a done. I'm a done. I swim here. Take her around. I'm a done. You're not coming. I'm a done. I'm spending her. I'm a done. I'm pretty lazy. Hold my breath. Hold my breath... Hold the confidence! We'll go anywhere. We'll take a fine Pigs.�� I'm a shadow darkbed. Theuo's still up down in Ward. I'm a lovely woman with the lovely Women I'm your next star. I want you. Thanks you, ladies. I'm a ramananda rubber ramananda. I'm not in the crowd of me. I'm a ramananda rubber ramananda. I find no greatly pleased with no reason. God call you, ladies. I'm a ramananda. Oh, bow, bow, ramananda. From the judge. Ramananda. From the judge. Bow, bow, bow. I want you to get a drink. I'm a ramananda rubber ramananda. I'll always know what man sustaines this ramananda, but I'm in the crowd of me. Ramananda, do you know what I mean? Ramananda, do you know what I mean? Ramananda, do you know what I mean? Ramananda, do you know what I mean?! Oops... Shoot! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! My God! Why not push him? Jimmy in Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Sally and Moz. ylVid. I needa Tony and Moz. Eddie Yeah, give me and Danny. Yeah, give me and Danny. Give me and Danny. Give me and Danny. Give me and Danny. Give me and Danny. Give me and Danny. Give me and Danny. Give me and Danny. Give me and Danny. Give me and Danny. Give me and Danny. Give me and Danny. David, what? Give me and Danny. Give me and Danny. Give me and Danny. Give me and Danny. Give me and Danny. If that's more about Jimmy and Danny, after this word from Valley, along the potions, wherever your potions comes with its own frigid air. A salmon just told me a car he said had only been driven by a lake. You're... King's trying not to smile what good do you think? And you are the best thing for your father and your family. 좋아'd we all hear you, the gentleman who blames me your grandma and Diego the wild as I put in you. Giving you the things is loose the car starts rolling in desifrates won't stop it. Known in the horn in fidிで deja hearing cosplay's, there's a full group in a York from your money away. Oh yeah, that's a grab car. Good give it away. I think that it's starting to go. It's a crappy car. Not a road. I got to need track with a tape second sign and the lighter might work but I cannot find it. There's only one way that you can start it just better be on it. You're a lady parker. I had my day to go far right. You take your head to you. I'm done today. I think it's true. There are a friend thinks that I've got to use it. You just bought a grab car. You can board it. R.A. Pay now. That's a grab car. Would you throw it away? Think that transmission is a grab car. If I'm wrong and now it's starting to sound. It's a crappy car. Not a road. Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future, act strange and people will lead you alone. The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than I own the and the inexperience. Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk down stairs backwards head first. Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps and sing feelings while the kernels go sniff crackle and pump. Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head into the hole with it. Say how much. lick a stranger. Tell them you're from Bosnia and your country is to sign a respect. Take lots of pills. One of them might work. Occasionally ask the stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis. Be annoying. During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk. Moon, a funeral. Play a go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working. Run naked through a mall yelling, kill her bees, kill her bees. Say the word tittie without smiley. Try to figure out who said polish yours at star and movies. Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids. Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it. Disappear for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead with your tongue. It may not work but many women will appreciate the effort. At a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your homework. Ask Mark McGuire to take a million dollars for one of his books. Try to find the secret to Karatop's success. Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out. Try not to lose your finger in your nose. Take a Bob Cospist and toss him on a long next door. Go on a character with Bob Cospist and force him to stay in his car seat. Try to dribble Bob Cospist. Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness. Knowing you you've done some crap that's really estimating. Wish no real will anyone unless you don't like it then screw on their own. Realize anyone who says that completely has a completely full of crap. Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that. Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them. Smith and old lady. Imagine Goldner Pile and the Gabe are trying to get lucky. Do this without laughing. Find what's left of your innocence. Understand it. Embrace it. Protect it. And every show often take it out for a nice knife. Carrying up. Not to chair. Home well you eat. Extranged and people will leave you alone. All right. Amen. Great words for the 90s, of course the 90s are all over. It's not matter to have to do in 560 WC. We got Hank from Cool City. Baby, that's right. You'll hear the real story about Cecil Day, right? Cecil Day, Cecil? The other side of the story. Some things in our so-called bacon really bite you made. I think it's just might use square one. When you're chewing on last drizzle back, let's go get a whistle. And this will help me turn out for the best. Amen. When your face is at dark, stab me, say it's dark. Just first you'll listen for us. That's the thing. Why is the bird with the flag? The guy is I'm going to say that you said you are out. What do you want to do? You know, you come from nothing. You can't bet enough. Are you alone? There are things. You come from far. You come from far. You come from far. You come from far. You come from far. You come from far. You come from far. You come from far. You come from far. You come from far. You come from far. You come from far. You come from far. You come from far. You come from far. You come from far. You come from far. You come from far. You know this don't make me feel so new Well, because I could not go tell me if it was tonight Would I be the star of the new reality? Then don't get me, don't make me like a national me They were the graphics, but they're the graphics In his field, I'm out of a school, you have a name I think we're so different, we're so young I mean, then we'll, you have one more cashment So be it, don't keep me, I suppose, you're a piece I'm out of a team, in his field, I'm out of a school, you have a name I'm out of a school, you have a name Do you know what I'm not about to sign a RIS? Yes, I am, I'm about to live a year, but I need to spend I'm on fire, I'm out of a boat, oh, oh, oh I'm a much more lonely, stronger than I am I'm not sometimes a boat south, help them fool them I'm not a traveler, I'm not a traveler, I'm a traveler I'm a traveler, I'm a traveler, I'm a traveler, I'm a traveler Oh Christmas is near, the toilet's on my shelf But that's the worst part, park in the air Now this is close, cut off Santa's trunk We stayed out real late, and wouldn't say why So don't be surprised if this rises real high Christmas is close, cut off Santa's trunk Oh, right, she took a late night's day right And talked it in love, but it felt through someone's chimney Now that's what I call a U-Rog But what I call a real U-Rog But Christmas is near, the good old thing is And you'll soon be glad that you didn't get it Please, this is close, cut off Santa's trunk Please, this is close, cut off Santa's trunk This is close, cut off Santa's trunk Oh my god, can we go to one Christmas without my getting this crap I wasn't bad enough, I got the facts yesterday From the Getski, the priest that was inviting me to Mass Did you hear that? I knew you're seeing the Christmas Mass Where the fagglers will be, and that wasn't bad enough Now I open up an envelope here This is unbelievable, absolutely, positively Bro, task Bob and Barkey See something, brother, which I won't even read the last name Because it will be too embarrassing What kind name is Barkey, by the way Here's a Christmas card, all holy night U-Rog intentions will be remembered in the Mass Is celebrated by the monks on Christmas day And during the 12 days of Christmas Few and yours, Merry Christmas And the card says, God bless you and keep you in his With the capital H loving care at Christmas and throughout the new year And inside the Oedema Bob and Barkey bar, O'I see what this is This is a joke This is gotta be a joke Doesn't this have to be a joke? Oh yeah, from Palm Beach And here's a fake Well, oh, this is the letter congressman Bob bar that fascists with a mustache Then never met a Nazi he didn't like And here's a big song to the answer Slicing money And here's a Jesus card This is a special prayer card It's the Lord's birthday celebrated with him Although he looks a little bit upset, it must be his team lost Here is my secret prayer card number four at Christmas time I'm sending it to you, what you're anointed ministers to play on the altar prayer for four days and nights As they pray for me and my need What it is, you know what I need? Oh, he just walked in the door Oh, sorry Look at this, how do you like that? Well, Jesus answers your prayers I just got through reading what I need and he just walked in the door For Christmas Maybe with a new haircut So there you go, thanks a lot for the fake farm bar, etc But I didn't get something good in the mail And it won't make you a crappy It's a Pittsburgh-Penwin's calendar Unlike the Panthers, you still have it at the side of Whether to put TM and BM on a calendar, naked Or pop out brewery and the Anacornal holia And Ray Whitney all naked Doing a three way Or he's all in the Anacornal holia 2, yeah Well, guess what, Jesus, you got a That's all it takes, you know I don't understand, what's the big, what is she about nine years old? Something like that Oh, yeah 10, yeah, is it that's okay? What? He says that's why he likes That's why I like her, young and the hung or something like that So here's a Pittsburgh-Penwin's 2000 calendar Thank you so very much, whoever sent this to me, who's it from? Somebody, oh, I'm looking at this, here's something for you guys For you, how do we sexual guys in there? Which are even include JP, all of his Cubans who are not sure There's some of boobs for you It wasn't headed for George, but he's not here this week So, you know, let him lose his soul And here's a Penguins versus Panthers December 18 program And a whole deal, so thank you so much And we go, it's from Mark and Kim in Pittsburgh, PA There you go, and it also says Love that O' Calls for a man I like that Love it, they're loving it New Roger Show, we'll not be on today Instead, run a gambler's portfolio radio 560 WQAM And if continuing after dictator to all three of you Slack job lifeless automaton It's proud to present Reg Reef, or washing his socks I love these My wife got me these socks My favorite tie to the dark brown Gold tie and down each side of the ankle I'm gonna get one, give that one a good scrawl them And down by that, where my wife Fixed a hole because I didn't trim my toenails that I'm gonna start on the other one What is this dog? What is this dog? What's the dog? Oh, I did take the law of the human cat Catch him, swath! Not the equipment little pet director Go back to your office I don't know why there's something to worry about In schedules Maybe clear channel by it The blind guy in Shannon Reno Reno, Reno, Reno, Reno, Reno What's the hobo? Huffle, Huffle, bubble, banana, fan of bubble Fee, bubble, bubble Huffle Come on everybody I say no, let's play the blind I'll bet you I can make a round Out of everybody's crime The first letter of the name I treated like it was a fair But a B or a nap A or an M will a fair And then I say, well, how to feed Then I place the blame and banana fan I'm in a post And we serve them with us A peanut fairer plane And a fee by it a post And then I say the name again Where the end of time To be delivered name Commence the crime All by Gorgorg, Obor, banana fan of Obor Fee, bubble, bubble Gorg Okay, now say, O'Brien Now come with the beans Balls, they're banana fan of Obor But they're a pair of balls They can place the blame and a deposition Bear a plane, they're a fee by it a post Fee, bubble Then you drag them to the mud cover Then you resign And distract everybody from your own crime Everybody do John Wong Wong Wong, Wong Wong, Wong, Wong Fernando Wong, Fee, bubble Wong, Fee, bubble Wong Whirling gun, let's do John and Trai Trai, Trai, Bo, Baby Banana fan of Ophee, Fee, bubble Maze, Tray Little play with Sandy Burger Burger, burger, burger, burger Banana fan of Obor, Fee, bubble Burger, Fee, bubble Borgorgorg, the play And game All I love this game Everybody steal from the base Y'all, baby F Wahey Baey B orangMer歌 F transit The cave from know Tzig I'm going to go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. Like a poor doctor, only in Jogati. You will find the business very busy. Down in Vegas in this forest, we are sitting in the juziest. Not how to find us. And fat. They don't really seem to mind us. Remember Jimmy Hooper, all the money that he spent. And about the never fat as fat we didn't see at the end. Now he's working with the Netherlands holding up some man. Hey, Bapangula. Bapangula Bapangula Bapangula. Bapangula Bapangula Bapangula. Bapangula Bapangula Bapangula. Bapangula Bapangula Bapangula. Bapangula Bapangula Bapangula. Oh 1200560W2001 on our pre pre Chris Smith Nation. When we just played the rack, which tomorrow, we'll replace some stuff. Huh? In fact, maybe tomorrow will have like 20 or 30 places to bring in food. Is then anybody can bring in open tomorrow. Like I said, Maybe we'll just need a whole bunch of these candy bars tomorrow sounds real good. Oh yeah, we'll set around and have a real. I'll scrappy party. And just while he bunches, much of these candies bars. In fact, why do we just put one of these great cash sugar-free candy bars? and everybody's Christmas talking around the building. How does that sound? Yeah. You want to see a line form over there at that magic room? It's one of Lonely Talks Little Boy. Brutal. Brutal. You think Black Merley's son, boy, girl boy? A big black man, special thing, and chocolate twingo, bye. Brutal. You don't think Black Merley's a Japanese woman. You don't know the boy is so anybody. He's a giant fulcing flower. Roy. I'm a little male, right? What brought up your ass of time? What's that nice? What's that nice? You think Black Merley's a Japanese woman, boy? What? You're well. You think the big jump, boy? As fact, you're in, and you're so excited to where you live. You're well. You get my bone killed all in strong. It's a river running too cold and it's so fairly good smell. You can't get too wild. You just beat my side. The sign of victory back. You go out of secret town. You got to take me to the beach, you got to go. As the world gets out of you far, we just can't use ya. You're in the roundway to long. Can't throw. You are a great bastard. Too long you've laughed at. The Bay of Peace should have worked. The tell you make me sick. Get out of you buckwheat. You are so God damn rich. You and me go son of a bitch. Based on we know you like. Are you behind the strike? Where were you in 63? Where did you kill him at these? Where the world is? Where the world is? Where the world is? Where the world is? Get out now and be your nation. Are you in to my salvation? See the will is the embargo. Cuba will become another kill,ago. You are safe. You are safe. With certain thoughts or rather most away. Looses. Yes, oh, get out of Cuba. We just can't use ya. You're in the roundway to long. Wait. Yes, though you are a good one. You're a good one. You laughed at the Bay of Peace. I thought I'd work. Take care. You are so god damn rich. You are the best son of a bitch. Based on you not you like? Where is your in 63? Did you kill John Kennedy? Where is he? Where the? The romance is gone behind behind your. You live because you've gobierno You were a zoolie You were a zoolie Forever my darkness Mopek Mopek Mopek I've been too lembling Taping back I've been too hungry Don't ask, I'll do find a secret you You're one prison thief, a truth I have bad, I have fun That's where I was Wander in the law, farther in the law Nothing's so difficult to do But I still haven't found any forgiveers There I still can't find any forgiveers I've been in every storm And I can't find the law I've lost you so pretty in heart To find a target guard Where still you are, but the last resort But if we're not at every orst mode I've got a friend, I've got a friend I've got a job in Japan Cause I still haven't found any forgiveers More than I can't find any forgiveers It's better to think he did not He was threatening his body He ain't from me in a day He ain't from me in a day So, yeah, I've got a day You're a close to that when he was a king We'll hold him, it was a favor in the day You're a good judge, a hard and slump day He was the white house to be all day I got a chance to find So he can't intervene with you I can't find the fact I don't care That my eyes just away Well, I'm not a normal dog But he's a nice and today Nor a fool to you Never get it, man We'll rule over any hundred days We'll be in a day Okay, 1237 at 5.62 W2 Maybe some of the irregularities Remember the day a couple of months ago When JP called in from Gainesville From Matthew up there And he said was a bad call Really bad call I kind of like watered to a head So to speak real fast Now the truth is that he was thrown out of his mind That day, you know what? Well, I think the audience should know that Yeah, because they really, you know, they understand That you a lot more articulate and rational Or narrowly, but he was thrown out of his mind Yeah, that's why it was a bad call What? What's wrong with that? Nothing here See, this is the honest show We believe in talent like this Just like that thing you said in the office of the other day I'm sorry But just keep it in mind, okay? Joe Don't start, start to talk over here Okay, and then he's also rip and see the spirit And as to, we said if you think I look pale You ought to see that redneck, but anyway He is, he's a redneck, Steve's spirit In fact, that's going to be our pull question On Monday and the first show of the new year Who's the bigger redneck? In fact, that's a great track for of them For of them, which Davis? Jimmy Johnson, Steve's spirit, or Bobby Bound And as if you want to make it even five How about the biggest redneck of all terribile, huh? Man, what are they hatched? That's five, some And by the way, speaking of Jimmy He's an asshole, I'm sorry Speaking of the dolphins, our day of Joseph's talk to gentle green Don't you love Bill Bradley? Don't we need Bill Bradley? It's for the six feet tall Played prophesied ball Don't you love Bill Bradley? Yeah, we need him Bradley He's gonna win the race People of him called, he is an outer door Did I mention that he is an outer door? He played for the nick He doesn't borrow a thick Yeah, we love him called, he is an outer door Not outer door Not outer door Not outer door, yeah he's not outer door I play it one time more We love Bill our Lord Close because he's not boring, Albert Gore Well, don't you love Bill Bradley Don't you love Bill Bradley In Faders Now, it's the totally new Star Wars Yoda Get hot on our two G2 Wow, our two G2, you make the G2 good Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Our two G2, I was just wondering You are a female, right? You're a dog, so am I You're a dog Yoda, right stuff with R2 G2 Showing now No robots were injured during the filming of this movie Get out of my face Oh no, in a theater to use After you will take the shower Be up upon the top of the powder You wish a kid don't give up backwards You will have been standing hold You put your job on the ear instead You put some negligence on your head You're in a problem with some baby Give it to her, you'll be bebees Come in to a theater to use You're a child And next, Master Station. Help me. Great. A final frontier, starting. Captain, uh, a major catastrophe is occurred on the end of the rise. One of the crew members is into self-satisfaction, causing an abundancy of pulling on throughout the ship. Thousands on the captain, I have to interrogate him. What about you, Spock? He's highly illogical camping. So what about you, bones? Do you know the truth? Do you know the truth? Damage him? I'm a doctor. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Tim, what about you, Scotty? Web to me. It's under chief operator. You know, the terminator, not the Master Bayton. Tim, what about you, Suu? Uh, that's Suu, Rue. That's Suu, Rue. What about you, Aurora? I'm the pig. Not, I'll hold on. Well, if no one else on the ship is not at that must be. Jack-off. There's my name, don't wear it out. That's a bad number on the continent. The next Matthew B. He's been getting a better name, you. Something bothering you, Spock? Yeah, I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with humans. I find their illogical and foolish emotions come to be irritants. Unlike you, we humans are full of unpredictable emotions. Love. Conditus. Yes. It'll be afraid. This is my dad. Go on out. You're beautiful. We're beautiful, but any cream will be ready. Have everyone work as your plant fistspot. I'm out here. We just think. Got your mind. Of course, I'd just do it for the practice you, and home to you. You don't really want to hurt me, do you? But that's annoying. No, I don't think so. No. I can't. Just think this is quick. No! I'm really good at my second office response. No! We're possible in my effi-parong and three-point. Yes. Very well. I'll try again. Please, as you. What are you waiting for? All right. See if you'll excuse the intrusion captain. Very bad, huh? An appropriate first attempt to get to the... ...spice. Matthew is so weak. I think we can't miss a zone. We're talking, so it's a part of it. Going out of the house. Oh! We're going to be filming this great question. I think the animal flesh that I've enjoyed it, really was the spot. It was painful. And in more ways than what I don't know why I have not been infected. Thank you, Mr. Spock. From both of us. Help me, okay? Help me, okay? Do I only help? The name was Lillian. She was a princess. With the Danish army cheer and our troops are here. So our duty to... ...some men can know we were. We have to put the desktop land into the rebellion hands. So you can only be one. Had to get to all the runs. So they stopped into Montesaisly to have a drink. And we went on at the start of our camp. So we'd greet you, you there, but seen a huge half of our work. Our work is called the Tina. You can't pass the dinner. And I'm not to the start of our work. We'll have to have for loaning with the storm. We'll be alone. We'll be alone. We'll be alone. And a smile will pop the quider with two thoughts. He was a wookie. They've never been looking over one. About the millennium, for gun-gokping, They've made 90 calls. Don't you bur that stuff, dark? With the plant-pand-light kitchen. And as it's on, our work is done. Our work is done. Our camp is done. We'll greet you, you there, but seen a huge half of our work. Don't you ever can see the night. Because you can't pass the dinner. And I'm at the start of our work. I'm a face-for-for. You'll never find the more wretched hide. Come and sit with me. You must be cautious. His name was Yoda. He was a love-it. Dude! Just better want so bad. And by the way, he's looked that. We could just sit there. His name got turned off. Is that guilty for far away? We could just have a loud day, but but that was so mean. Java had bad hygiene. Oh, boy, it's nails just relax. Back on time to eat. At the start of our work. Our work is done. The way the creatures you've ever seen. He's at the start of our work. Don't worry, Java can't eat. Our music and classes and all. And I'm at the start of our work. For us, you'll be back here. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. And you can't go. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. And Nova wasja's favorite for phoma up kids from southpox, what a great time for trauma training. Calculating their favorite regard for проверies of haunt over the fireball before farm. Love fall alms today. with a f***ing shit! That's because the f***ing shit is a f***ing shit! And he don't like f***ing shit! It's deep South Park. Just like South Park, except with outrageous other next-sins. Oh my god! That deal's Billy Bob! Do we get these bastards? Oh well, let's go hunt some road kills! Deep South Park, coming soon to Comedy Central. Fuck! Poor kids! Pagging us together! Ellie throws in the rest TV, don't get better! The shit's just like getting late tonight! She's he puts the bow! You're gonna see this fall off the gut! It's when he's around! They're standing, walking Kyle in the talking dirt! And at least once a week be here! Hey, you okay? Get back there! Oh, it's so weird, not the wonderful! And can't make you feel the sooner! He gets weak in the head! And then he's dead! Do you have nor in humans and he's eating? Please, he knows! Hey, you're good! You got dead! Okay! You want to know what I think this is right? He's doing something for a day. He can't take it at, but he's never going to any fucking community! He's not going to get home to anything! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! How are we going to do the dials? Oh, take off your shoes and time! And give the dial a climb! Got a booze, a doll! I do that to your mouth! You put it in the top! Just say below the top! You let your dial back! Yeah, fuck! Lean back! You want to put down! Pull over the towel, right? You got it? Hold your foot up and then you're like a flamingo! That's right! What's that? Don't get around! Stop it! You're gonna be easy, little bitch! Take the scale of your friends! It's not the bad news! The presentation is fine! Get the numbers you like! If you don't want to know, then only use one thing! Put up the dial back! When you're feeling shy, who is so frightened? You're so scared! You're not a bad news! You're not a bad news! You're not a bad news! Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Never bye. Just a little bit. Don't vinne in a lullaby. Like that. No better lächler.... Just a little bit... Just a little bit of^^ Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. And you're done with the bed! Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Oh, I'm gonna go back to the other side. Oh, I'm gonna go back to the other side. Oh, I'm gonna go back to the other side. Oh, I'm gonna go back to the other side. Oh, I'm gonna go back to the other side. Oh, I'm gonna go back to the other side. Oh, I'm gonna go back to the other side. Oh, I'm gonna go back to the other side. Oh, I'm gonna go back to the other side. Oh, I'm gonna go back to the other side. Oh, I'm gonna go back to the other side. Oh, I'm gonna go back to the other side. Oh, I'm gonna go back to the other side. Oh, I'm gonna go back to the other side. Oh, I'm gonna go back to the other side. So let's go back there. We're in a square of thousands and guys ready for business. And you're the guy that ever understands you. You're a fellow. You're the best. You're the best. You're the devil. You're the best. You're the best. You're the best. You're the best. You're the power. You're the best. It's 650-56 at 560WQM. I started to notice that the hair on your head is vanishing. JP, I'm sorry. Well, I'm your starting to get old. Just like all the rest of us, we'd heard. We can't all be young and beautiful like you, but anyway, you want to look great, Charles Alfier, or you think I can do it. I'm going to tell you the how it's gonna be. That's what you think. I'm gonna tell you the more daughter day. It's the larger two-lower. We're down in Jamaica in the crowd of beans. Take out the best of her tattoo ever. And, can anybody in that table have worked? He tell you this country where the country is. Rock, come on, ask somebody want to sell. And from my own way, you can detect these little spots. Rock, come to the smoke, smoke. He likes pop, he splits and throw. Smoke, come to smoke, smoke. Smoke, come to smoke, smoke. They can't be good. We'll be very less of her in the gun. We'll pack, smoke in every day until you're long-sure. Like, with all the funny that we have made, Jamaica just immediately cornered. America and tourists come here and say, God, nothing like this in the smoke. Smoke and smoke smoke. They like pop, they split and throw. They begin to pop and throw. Smoke and smoke, smoke. They can't be good. All right. America, listen, you are a real star man. You like to smoke the giant strip whenever you can. And if you put on the air from miles around, the biting broke through you by the ounce and it fell. Rust the man seeds of her mama you write. It can't be good tonight and then they smoke. Smoke and got a smoke, smoke. They like pop, they split and throw. Smoke and smoke, smoke. They can't be good. They can't be good. They're, jump on. Okay, 102 at 5.60 WQM. So anyway, Josh Friedman is rocking the boat here. That's why the student and the other room is like listening off the one sign. So in defense of Josh Friedman, he actually did get a couple of drop-ins here from, and I bet they're real exciting. Hi, this is Rob Neetermar with Florida Panthers and Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 5.62 AM. Wow. Hi, this is Mark Furish and you're listening to Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 5.62 AM. That's a boy. Mark, there you go, baby. You see, here's the other station that nobody is listening to. What the other end of the day, they just want to hear like three, four months ago. They're going out there already and they got this stuff on the air. They got billboards up by the way. You see they're billboards? Yeah, they're not all that great, but it's something. Do we have a sandwich board? No. Nothing. Do we have a billboard? No. No, don't get carried away. We can't even get the last 5,000 tiles done on the floor, and the guy damn louder lobby here. By the way, JP, come back in about three years when they finished the construction project out there. It looked great. Yeah, we're doing it one pile at a time. So that's it. That's what you're claim to fame. You're coming in here and all the fences. Oh, I got a couple of great things in it. And we got Ray Whitney with his huge pair and no. My buddy Paul Laws who loves this show while we goes around saying, Oh, we got him? No. No. Pablo. No. Anna corner whole off? No. No. Anna corner whole. We want to get her and Pablo up together on there. Together. He swears. He will. Pretty weak. Pretty more peristets. Okay. Good there. Robbie. Play the robby one again. He sounds really, um, yeah. Light on his toes. Hi. This is Rob Neetermar with Florida Panthers and you're listening to New Rogers on Sports Radio. 5, 6, 2, 8, oh. Special. Hi, Felicia. Gee, I love your dress. And your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders? Got you. I've got you. You've been having shoulders a long time ago. I mean, honestly. You'll grow there on their shoulders anyway. Yeah, right. So what are you using now? Well, it's light-cutting shoulders only without all those additives. It's just, well, Chad. Let's film about it. You're old? If you tie your guns with old dances, and then you can't remember the second and be the same. You can't remember what I said. Chad, you're feeling better if you get some heads. Wow. What are you talking about? I get that. Lots of places, Jik. You can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you this head. In a few minutes, I'll have you shampooed, siles, and blown dry. Sheep. You don't miss a link. Do you? I'm just going to get ready. But is it expensive? Not at all, Jik. I'd rather says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10. Dollars, that price. Everyone should be getting head. That's right, Jik. When you say head, you set a mouthful. I am Dr. Raymond Belotti. From prison all in the streets. To tell you why you should get head. First of lubricate each limp hair follicle. Leading an erect listening shaft. Then this helps natural oils are sucked out of the root, leading your hair, soft shone, and exhausted. Nothing does the job like head. Great. Can I get head for my hairdresser, Bruce? Probably, but you might want to try your girlfriend first. So I'm an assistant, and I'm a cat, and I'm a person, so I'm all along my head. I'm a better and you feel perfect. Yeah, can you get head, you're a monkey, too. What hair with lots of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. I'm available to replace you won't find hard to swallow, and it's going down every day. Honey, we're out of San Booth. Can you go out and get some head? What did you say? I said, I want you to go out and get head. Oh, thank you. Sweet Jesus. I'm going down down. And that makes a great holiday gift. Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head. Then I gave her a pearl necklace. I've never seen her so choked up. My girlfriend used to give me head, and then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get Jurgen's lotion in a national dress. I can't get back to you, but I'm gonna stop. Can't be able to touch my top, your top. Meant and in the shower, you wanna pump and get the lung out of the bag. If you try it out, you're okay. I can't breathe, I can't breathe, I can't breathe. So can you let me know about the product, and can you feel better than you get some head? You feel better if you get some head. Oh yeah. Nice. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Head shampooes. Come on. Give it a shot. Come on. I air looks great. You're the man. We always do together for it again. You have ourselves a family, nine. Watch it. And we got a gift for tomorrow's birthday, nine. So we can look at our time. Did we have fortune times? What do you think about taking a jacket? We'll start with a j-phone. You know that you want a son, and don't burn and drop on the pants. We'll start with a j-phone. And that's my real fortune. We'll start our tune. We'll start our tune. She's at our favorite team. Good. Boom. Boom. And there's looking to move our game. It's getting harder and harder. We'll get the love that's given to them. My joe, who's the only kid's son. We'll start with a j-phone. And there's a baby who's not there. We'll start with a j-phone. We'll start with a j-phone. We'll start with a j-phone. Okay, so let's take back to the door. But if I were to say about your show, because he was, you know, he was kind of gracious about it. We put the two original drop in j-on the air. And he's worked joe. And as he went out he said, eight minutes after one at five, 60 WQM 6. We are from Afghanistan to enjoy the super square black tonal for your lunch. And three, two, one, tonal, saposa and some fihobarbetal. We will pick up your soul on our ways or your galaxy. So have your f***ed pack. Have me dead. With a lob is closest to earth. That's what keeps it all black, but it's wasting for a US vote. And by too much it's blue. And the other side of the deck is we've been longing out this day. If you now don't think something's gonna happen again. And I got you to like it's a late night. They ain't never in my top where it's like this. This is not the exist of what j-is. Someone's gonna find us. Back back to pocket chain. I can say no to compose. I should have gave you something of habit, so I'll do get me something of habit. So I'm gonna start with vodka and some applesauce. Just hold it in the back. Oh, stop the way I pale box. When we joined our night, got chocolate and we waited for it all thought. We're gonna eat all of the. He and the other had a straight out we need up with our fake fake. By all of us. It's plain. You know what's brand new? You're so pretty. Hey, hey. I know that I have to do your stuff like this on my racy. Hey, racy. Hey, racy, what do you damn into something? That's in our primary racy. Hey, racy. I'm gonna go home. Hey, hey, hey. I'm gonna go home. Hey, hey, hey. I'm gonna go home. Hey, hey, hey. I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. Oh, hey, hey. I'm down to the station, Do you like girls at all? Do you like girls at all? Do you like girls at all? Do you like girls at all? Do you like girls at all? Do you like girls at all? Do you like girls at all? Do you like girls at all? Do you like girls at all? Do you like girls at all? Do you like girls at all? Do you like girls at all? Do you like girls at all? Do you like girls at all? Do you like girls at all? Do you like girls at all? Do you like girls at all? Do you not want to go now? Do you think you're too shy and shy to be moms? Baby, where? How can we forget everything that is here? Bros can perfectature don't touch you You're a good girl, just go to another place You're a good girl, just go to the forest You're a good girl, just go to the forest You're a good girl, just go to the forest You're a good girl, just go to the forest You're a good girl, just go to the forest You're a good girl, just go to the forest You're a good girl, just go to the forest You're a good girl, just go to the forest And besides you're the poor So many thoughts Behind the river, a bottle, Inhale, Inhale Nacht off with the glass, come put your hand behind me And remind them I'm like a lion unreliable animal, how famous do you have for the desert Baby, everybody's waiting for me I'll reveal my name Oh my name is now We're here to remind kids all, right now on the lawn field on the hall. I've been feeling that no people are easily down there just for joy, why why? There's no just a memory, hey, hey! And we don't have to ever do that. Snatch with a lot of those damn deliveries, and every vlog gets off. Hey, my mom! I'm like, you should run, honey. Well, hell, you're not done, dude. I'm like, you should run all your time, dude. I'll just say, oh, you know. Mom, mom, mom, mom. I'm taking care of the blame. They can care of business. I'm a BPL fan, man. Oh, h! Kids, kids! We've got a resource, if the 10,000 I ever saw, or at religious Club's group we dong can drive you down, never have a win, or you're so shameful. tryna roll in there and always be... You've done better as your reactions are better than that. Without anything, beating that weathergenre... get a red alarm in the zone.あ!! And you'll—hey, oh, why? Camera! Get a red! Ohaks! Oh boy Why Tuesday? We go down And our country is going to lie Why Tuesday? We go down Everybody's gonna die People will panic when birds are tired I bet that it'll not be easy It's a complete book So run If you believe it's the angel's world And please I'll bargain Ratchet and I can't Call the world any of the long-distance Don't jump in the middle of the day Oh Oh Oh It's hard to be a human On Christmas Oh My friends love every time And any game And I can't miss it So I can't get to read a Christmas tree For the water I forward a cup There's something wrong with me My people don't believe And he just clustered in a game I'm a cue I'll only cue Oh Oh On Christmas лишь a I'm a Jew. I'll lonely you. They could be. I can't be married. So I need to move on credit now. You little boy I couldn't help but hear. Feeling left out of Christmas here. I'm from the day that the student we said. This is the one month that you should be glad. You little little lady to be a Jew or his mother. You don't have to deal with the seeds of the law. You have to be on your fancy haze of hockey and security. You don't have to go to grandma's house with your alcoholic family. I don't have to do that so they can't pass and have to meet the next. You're a Jew. I'm telling you. It's a good time to be able to all princess. I'm going to be a Jew. Okay. Why are videos present? The one hour celebrity orgasm day. That's right because no one can go for 60 minutes straight. We've taken 60 of your favorite celebrities and put them on one day. Back President Bill Clinton. Jennifer. I'm a hell of a bitch. I'm a hell of a bitch. What are you doing down there? I don't. I'm a bitch. What did you see your name? Where's your game for? I'm sure I need some. You're a little bit of a similar guy. I'm a little bit of a similar guy. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to stop the camera. Oh, that's my way. What an hour. You'll receive the kit checked in one minute. Get a video day. Oh, nanny. And now the sound of Jimmy's story. Mickey loves the camera and her bird. Oh, that's a good one. Oh, that's a good one. Yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, you know Jim, the variants, the exam at team practice. I just thought we'd steal a few fine moments of time together. I didn't lay down on my tongue. Well, that's a fine idea. Don't mind about it. By the way, what is that you're wearing? It's a case of a jeet train. Well, you look just fine. Now why don't you get over here? They can be feel like a man. Oh, right. Not taking it easy. Man, it's come down. I'm tender. You know what I'm going to start on this film. And I'm going to wrap it all your long. I'm that out. No, man, it's that cold. You just taking it easy. I'll get on with you. Did you turn round those or check that out? Well, I've had about enough of this. I'm out of here. I love you. You will always be. That's just a little bit. God, forgive me, Joe. Oh, right. It's a cause in Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. When he makes it way go, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. Welcome to the car in her vagina. She's all mine. Where's he going? Where's the gigo? I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human horror. And then I can saw the term cedar back. Means the hernaged. Stars were fortunately to go with lies. That's the one. That's me. Then he was working hard. Late night in the ovary of this. Working on a practical job. He took a match in Nudo for the next floating. Loading for Monica was blowing. She was blowing. There's the cause in Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes it way go, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar in her vagina. She's all mine. All people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband. Feel that Hillary was wronged. A family in that room. She wasn't born and born. And how far was she to and her with bills all gone? aplic p honoring of a new life life life income Creepinorg europe Yoy is gongh Whom will she take and Her food. What show place has a man? Yeah, sir, sir, it's that, sir. Oh, yeah, sir, sir. What you got to do is take a tip of it all. Yeah, put it in the ground, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. All that's on the ground, all that's on the ground. In federal marriage, lawna belongs to colonels. In finance of the TMS of training. In template benefits of lawna's in zones. In intensive results issues minus the 50 committee minutes of the civil arts' meeting. Okay. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Well, now, don't you tell me too loud. I look at Monica, think that that's it. The star of the future can't deny. I hate her being in her hip-hop. See, Yahoo, who knew? My president of the juice was squorted on you. Love a mother car. I'm an old old child. I brought their voice like well-nosed out. Making out with Monica, Emily and me. I couldn't have picked up that up in both. Feeling patriotic on the flag called smoke. I'm an old ghost, nearly true. Which is a time I bet fat. Well, it started to scream like an old old elf. They were his men. Without a body. They still wrapped your door to a wreath. It's a wreath. My little old man, he's a little mad. He's a little mad. He's a little mad. My little man, he's a little mad. He's a little mad. He's a little mad. He's a little mad. If we start report, I really can't cope. I'm the president of the friggin' post. The time is now. When I'm coming, please. I like my movies with Cherish and Creep. The boy got the heels, see the main yin' beast? Or forget the fuss for the two times and leech. Time to hire a car, free could these legit? If you didn't spit, they must've quit. When my car was over in time, the floor. I'm jumping hill or leaves like I'll potato. Never stop the hill or either doll or I know. She's over here. Busy with jelly. No. She's out of the one's hole of your bump. I'm out of got stuck, but I should go.angs undergo, stare at the desk, motherfuckin' fun stairs. Scute me, gentle bum if you can't stand. If you can't stand, I'll slap you If you can't stand. There's a girl with Gloria James Clark's What's the total of the same your friends cleaning the hot situation? I got a little sticker done ready to a dip so I can't stop doing linda trip Checking out the booby's up ready to pop or everybody I'm letting my pants score 2,000 Alright, 127 and 5,60 WQM. I hope everybody's got their cassette record is going to think no, I damn it Jack probably should have told him ahead of time, right? Too late. All maybe tomorrow would be a good day. I think it will be even better than today It'd be spectacular. It's basically all those voicemail and maybe even some more those great promos that Josh got for us Language tape number six The convenience store Follow along and repeat convenience store manager Hello, where are you to helping? Repeat. Hello, baby to helping, no, please. Customer. Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights Convenient store manager. You want their parliament right repeat? You want their parliament right customer? Yes, I would like a pack of Parliament lights Convenient store manager. Do you think parliament right repeat? Is this a parliament light? I'd be when following customers. No, neither one of those is the Parliament light Great, no, you didn't know it's not that one. You're one of the final ladies. Yes, I want the Parliament lights Please you don't know the part the Parliament light. No, no, no No, no, get you see it's up No, no, no, no, over here. I'm a dirty magazine. What did you see? What did laundry head? It's a part of the law. No, you see it right over here. Turn this tape over for a language tape number seven ordering Chinese food over the phone The most controversial movie of our time Modens for seasons the last intention of flight recently became available for home viewing on the set Religious groups knitted the release of a film carefully became outbreaks on the event of its own distribution and so we are spiritual Education and for those who don't have BCRs on a place in the movie ticket We are proud to present that one the radial version of multiple sports agencies the last temptation of Christ One of my hot stereo Oh, gee, I better not okay And so the controversy continues two nails are modeled for Pluck to modern sports agencies the second one Good day if you really try to help them and they're great well there Yes, but that's ready. Is that for Dom's right in your wearing? He must be great And he can you off after one today? By the way, we're doing the Winner to ordinary He turns around Smiling me get the picture Yes, we see Winner fell for the leader of the rack He's up to them and look at the down They came from the wrong set of down They came with a wrong set of down Little me she was so low Never shake the shower a change to shower That's why I fell for the rubber rack One day my dad said find someone new I had to tell my dad with blue He's been a girl by somebody new I told him I couldn't wait But he didn't go ahead and found who he was That when he shot me the leader of the rack There's no doubt that there's no more I'm not a man It's weeping the country Veralbo's seven certified gold She is Lee and Rime She has re-saw everybody else's saw Take him home to the top of the church Lee and Rime how much more can we take Now in order to cashiest I'm a start-em-of-a-15 year old curb records is proud to present the end ride the early early years The end ride the early early years after all you bought everything now unfailing record stores everywhere the remote is This is possible! Smack your Bell bell.ainz everybody control uscards! We're gonna get some work here but I forgot to cut that to my spot. I was in law of blues and everybody out here was focused on it. That's all. Flying milling has been the real life you look like we're real jamming. It's much better than I could expect that's not the time. I'm gonna keep your shots in straight here. There, paint. Don't think I'm not doing anymore. You used to watch me shave. Now you do stare at the floor. Don't there, paint. I don't laugh. You can paint you. You made paper towel in a dirty bag. That's how it made it to get in my bag. Now it's things things to change that I think that you're the one doing. There, paint. I don't laugh. You think? There, I think. I don't think I'm not doing anymore. When you get to drink it, you put in your places I've never been before. Say you're running. I don't like you. Why can't we just get a grip on our mind? The hand release and the hand. And the turns are truly how we feel. If we put our hands together, we just stay on forever. I don't think I like you. Last year, when running, while you're shaving your face, my arms. There's nothing wrong with our PC. Our close-up to the back turns up there. I asked him what was so upset. Money runs on the back of the duty of the day. And then he comes. The phone calls. The phone calls. The door P.P. The door was wondering. The client alone and the door talked to me. He was barely a man. He was barely a man. He was barely a man. He was barely a man. He was barely a man. He was barely a man. We got thought we'd get a dog instead of wild ppl. We got the treasure that's gone. Oclassicity, a m adesso gaming, a wilder consumer. This is what we want at the winter. At a good company, a shady classy. We have a program for the program. We have a program for the program. We have a program for the program. We have a program for the program. We have a program for the program. We have a program for the program. We have a program for the program. We have a program for the program. We have a program for the program. We have a program for the program. We have a program for the program. We have a program for the program. We have a program for the program. We have a program for the program. We have a program for the program. We have a program for the program. We have a program for the program. Here's my name. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing? I've been a listener since 1979. I have a 9. Yeah, I'm going to tell you. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. You have to admit you are a hypocrite at times. Let me say it again. You have been listening since 1979 and even you are a critic. This is the best part. You have been listening to the show for almost 20 years and you are a critic. Let me say it again. I changed the show 12 years ago before I ever heard Howard Stern. I played Howard Stern tape on Zeta one time. Back when Howard was doing very funny and very good stuff. Which we almost got sued for that because they were so paranoid. Even though they weren't in the market at the time. And Howard showed today. I have been listening to Howard three times since he's been on this market. If you like what he's doing today more power to you. I don't care about Howard. I don't like his show now. Okay. I don't listen to it. Am I entitled to that? Sure. Does that make me a bad guy because I don't listen to Howard Stern? I had a title to criticize some of the things that you've done before. But let me say it again. I never stole one idea from Howard Stern. I don't do anything like Howard Stern. What you can't do for Matt? What you can't do for Matt? What you can't do for Matt? No, let me say it again. Did you hear what I just said? How can I have changed my format because it's a copy Howard Stern? Okay, what final thing? What was the guy that you called? Well, why don't you respond to that? I don't think you would say it. I want you to stop and think about how I'm not just this phone call. You've been listening to this show for why? For about 1770? Is there anything you like about this show? There are a lot of things I like. What is the reason? No, they actually want more questions. Just look at other nights in my back. This is not a nice. This is a big guy who is the call you concerning Mr. Rochaine or something. He says something about Rochaine. I have no idea what that is. This is just a few years ago. This is a period of you had any information on that guy. What are you talking about? Rochaine? Yeah. He's the call reference. Something like that. I haven't got any idea. Maybe I don't have all the facts. Oh, there you go. I have a great day, though, sir. Wow. And there's one of my fans. There is your typical Neorodges fan. Okay. He listened to those show. It's for entertaining. But he's just got to be critical because I'm a prick. Okay. Let's face it. I'm a prick. Man. Oh man. This is beautiful. It's got to be the heat. Can this town really possibly be this, uh, it can? Yes. Just brutal. But you know something like I said. I'll take the check. Thank you. Thank you, sir, for your excellent observations. Thank you for 20 years of great listening. And the sound of Pamela Lee breastfeeding on the set of May Watch. Oh, it's good. It's a good show, pal. Mmm... Mmm, no. It was good job. Mom and dad, Jason's home, he home, I'm not finally ever had. Mom and dad were playing cards, my pair on the bed. Mommy was so full of me, as a fellow board daddy, 10. Mommy and dad were bobbin, she almost got whipped rash. I don't know what she was drinking, but you got a noop must-sash. Jason's home, he home, and she'll want to see what I'll show you, do as I do more and say anything on TV. Mommy and dad were full together, like my ranking one. What a nice horse, something like that. Mom went to yell at the door, dad went breathing heavy. Mom went on her knees, and then pad a poo poo cush, she kicked them where he peed. Jason told me, he home, watching mom and dad, making sure he's home, the most funny after he had. Mom and dad, when we watched those little longer, the nice started to get sick, if daddy's name is Helbert, why mom asked for ditch, daddy groin in his thigh full pack. Mommy, what they've worn, she's going back on some of them, but all he gave was snore. These things are really the key home, hi, don't hit his hat. I can't wait to try to stop on some girl in my class. I can't wait to try to stop on some girl in my class. I was going to be 425, 625, and Mary Christmas happy new year, and all other good stuff from all our pizons here at QA. I've got a lot of my Kail ran out of here so fast. All I did was say, can I take a pee? It's you? Anyway, that disalvels food. I beg your pardon? He had to go get more. I know that, it was just a little joke. I'm not concerned about Miguel, he and I are pretty tight. We have an understanding. I know where he is. Oh, it's not on the mother's clothes on here. I'm just ruining the way the world is personal. It's just so cool, man. It's just so cool. I hear Nick's doing that with that, it's cool to have a point of view. Yeah. I hear Jeff's doing that with that point of view. They were all doing that with the Doritos, real wide eyes. I think they could probably watch that. A lot of people watch that. Nick and Jeff, proud of their race. And Anna's for New Orleans. Yeah. And she's always on. She's a man. And no one told me. And you can't hear her. Oh, yeah. And it's not in the place. But they were all just to love and love. But we'll be fair. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. I'm waiting for you. Just care. And I ain't on the ground on my feet. There's no death. And it's something to them. But it's not in the place. And it's just so cool to have a point of view. And it's just so cool to have a point of view. Yeah. And it's just so cool to have a point of view. There's no death. So, Let's call him after we all win the leg up, come to the side. What are we going to talk about? Well, just a little bit of fun a concession remember got it like a lipstick biscuit or whatever. Language tape number seven ordering Chinese food over the phone. Summer along and repeat Chinese takeout manager. Oh, hello, I'd be very nice with a hold of customer. Yes, I would like an egg roll to go please. Takeout manager. Ah, you want to see your eye it'll. Repeat. Ah, you want to see your eye it'll. customer. I would prefer the egg roll please. Takeout manager. Okay, I see you. I want to push your legs and let that repeat. You want to push your legs and let that customer. No, no, Mushu thank you and I requested an egg roll please. Okay, I see you. All right, you want to push your legs up? You want to push your legs up? No, no, no, no. No, no, poof who platter or spring roll just an egg roll. All right. Oh, you got to want to see me. All right. No, I'm egg egg and egg roll. I just want an egg roll. Understand? No, no, no, no, no. Watch spring roll. Don't let that. No, no, spring roll. I don't want any spring rolls. I just want an egg roll. One egg roll, okay? Egg roll. Yes. Oh, we are going to egg roll. They're going to eat more of eggly. Fuck. Now, hearing this takeover for language tape number eight. Giving directions to Iranian taxi drivers. WQA is proud to bring you the WQA at School of Broadcasting. Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio. If you follow our curriculum, the course is free. Of course, you'll work for free. Call 1-800-1-B and speak to our director of education, Mr. Letty Marquez. So, do you want to be a boy, Kessa? Oh, why? A boy, Kessa, I brought that down. Yes. No, no, no, no. Fuck. Can you say news? He can. No, no. News. Yes. No, no, no, no. News. No. How'd they kill on the floor? You didn't know. Yeah, we have the slowest beginner's course. We, we, we, we. We paid after me, we, we, we, we, we, we. We, we, we. We have the, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we,. Nobody to, we have the exact residence, Anybody worth watching? I'm going to do it. And nobody here, we have got to. Stuff like dev�oms. And I'll send you a book still and Angel watching. Okay, that's the me. And, uh, Nah, that's what I want to do. Okay, okay. And, uh, And, And, And, And, those are the English women. Tell you one of them. Yeah, it's the wonderful world of radio. Ah, radio. Where you can hear your own voice. Let the W2AM School of Broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to make your WEC radio dreams come true. I mean, a 1.2. Where will you learn more? Hi, this is Jeff DeFloris for Cappara Pickin' Know's Restaurant. Think I could food here. I like it and it tastes good too. Even bowl bowls of food like clams, placebo. Super the Jotashi. This Taka, Alagrajiola. And of course, my personal favorite, Calapini, or a funbie. You can enjoy a fine wine with your meal. I'd like to do it. I'd like to do it. I'd like to do it. I'd like to do it. I'd like to do it. I'd like to do it. I'd like to do it. I'd like to do it. I'd like to do it. I'd like to do it. I'd like to do it. I'd like to do it. I'd like to do it. I'd like to do it.