Sports Radio 560W 2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rodgers show. Introduction to the show called 560-0562-3 for David Brower or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil his guest's pollers are anyone else on the show? Do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, be easily read acquisitions or the be easily broadcast food. Now, Neil Rodgers on Sports Radio 560-2AM see this is, and this is my theory like with Neil Rodgers also. You know it's the kind of thing like with your throw a ball at him, he runs the other way. Can you shout a hockey puck in Neil Rodgers? He'd be running down 441 the other way. Neil, you've forgotten the tools of ignorance and he was a catcher in minor league baseball and you could have gone pro. Be decided to show it to the door area. Actually, it's probably been more profitable. Go be high, pop a pop a pop. Okay, that's a good looking guy. Hey, that's a good looking guy. One more time. Okay, that's a good looking guy. Thank you. Rainbow flag, can't get in vain my life in a ride. And my clear people stop and sell when we are near. Yes. Formal feel, wear just with in life. The way we want to. Okay, that's a good looking guy. It's a fun game. And that is all. My digital status, net is net. It's things they do. It's because I'm gay. And that is all. It's just something they can't approve. When is creamers dressed up all in dry? That's a good looking guy. It's so sad. There's a one that make a little bad. Also bad. We're at just living night. The way we want to. Come on, gay. And that is all. It's what they say. Those net, these things they do. It's because I'm gay. And that is all. But it can be so hard inside you. Only you are so so hard inside you. And that. Okay, that's a good looking guy. Score score 10, all three at 5, 60, W to Q, I'm happy. A Thursday to a thank god. We finally made it to Thursday. Every day this week I thought was Thursday. And we finally made it to the spirit. You know, I'm coming to work this morning listening to Marvin and Tammy. Marvin gave that is. Well, it's been a yesterday. That's you. And over a very big. I had rave reviews from everybody. In fact, they liked to show yesterday better than the hockey game last night. I'm talking about the people at the Macarena last night. Most of us hated that game. Oh, god, that was painful. But they loved that show. And I did leave out one very clear and category, which I will touch on in a minute too. So I'm coming to work this morning. I'm listening to Marvin and Tammy Torel. And then, you know, I've heard all the songs I want to hear. And I'm switching the CDs. I'm about to pop the back door boys into my CD player. And all of a sudden, you know, you pull out the one CD. And you can rate it, put that in the radio comes on. And I hear some miss for it. Who's obviously listening right now, by the way. See, when things get really desperate, you know, when they force you to do 45 minutes of spots in hour. And there's nobody calling and things are getting really deadly. But all hostations like the phone is in the crapper. I heard you hand guess that they crying like a child about the phone. And rightfully so, carrying on unbelievably. So you had to start trying with a contrived controversy. You know, I mean, it guilty tried this a few weeks ago. Did it work? No, no. Is it going to work this time? No, no. And this right on the heels of yesterday, what I actually said in this asshole, Ojo Pravacatour, who called this morning, the one that I heard, who's listening now and listens to every minute of the show, can go chapter in verse one, I say, even though I am a schmuck. And that's sure I am a schmuck for him this place. But nevertheless yesterday, what did I say? Did I finally say something nice about them? Well, kind of half nice about the fact that, you know, Joe and Defel, I didn't mention what's his name. Okay, that's a good looking guy. I didn't mention that. But I give him credit for at least putting on the appearance of doing a show. But we're running 26 minutes an hour of spots and two updates an hour. There's nothing left. And I'm still keeping it on the ear for another week until Henry Barristerz would check my next Monday. I wasn't supposed to mention that. Isn't Chuck going to be working with Henry Barrer? Yeah, I'm working on P. We Herman for just him. Well, that's what I'm hearing. Chuck Meyer, the great Chuck Meyer, what was great phone interviews. Henry Barrer, Roger Magillan, Ron Harrison coming into the sports. There's a guy. Well, Teddy knows nothing about sports that he's a fun guy, you know, to be around. Let's in a keys. That's going to be the new morning thing. So I guess I guess they're looking for a scapegoat now for the fact that they just can't cut it. And they're going to do contrabbit controversy. So this guy's calling it, yeah, why don't you guys take a poll, huh? And see, you know, let me know, Roger's. Everybody can call and say what a schmuckie is. All these terrible things he's saying about the worst team. And he can find out what's out for what I really thinks about him. And Kelly's saying, oh, yeah, well, he's self-insking. He's spending all day other. No, I'm not going to spend more than a couple of minutes on. In fact, I wouldn't spend any time at all until guilty cut made that are unbelievable. Come on. Hey, that's a good looking guy. Which is starting to get us a lot. But he just get married and I thought, was getting married or something like that? Huh? Kind of a strange thing for a guy. It's getting married to say, hey, that's a good looking guy. That's a good looking guy. All right. That was enough. That voice. That sound. Yeah, let's see. The only survey that counts in my mind as far as what South Florida thinks about me in this show is the one that comes here a month. It's called the ratings. The arbitrage, the arbitrage book, every three months. Have you looked at those guys? No. Probably not. So I know you're out there. I'll use simple ring sports there. Which of course is another flag club? We know that. We know that you're hanging on every word from this show. WQAM. Yeah, how about to get a stick to Neil Rogers? Speaking. Oh, Mr. Rogers. My name is James. Yeah, but sure, it's show today. So it's screenless until I'll get. Oh, okay. Time to pick up the calls. There aren't too many of them this week because everybody's getting ready for Passover or needs to. Oh, that's okay. But this is something that's going on in the state legislation. Yes, man. The people don't know even a little bit. Well, the right place. Well, I'm trying to get it. Tell you what's going on. Lay it right out there. I'm trying to. We have this massive audience out there just waiting to hear the news. My name is Jane Hose and I'm an insurance agent. The state's Betty, a whole dendorf, is tetronatastobill actually murder or bill that was kind of murderous. Yeah. But you're it. Well, she wrote a there is a 1993 or child had a bill out there to get. Is he a insurance? Yes, he is. Okay. I just want to make sure you know that. Wasn't he dead when he was in office too, by the way? No, he did something very good for the small employee. Yeah. Small employer groups 150. He had a lower 1994. So Garron, you know. A law. How do you spell it? L-A-L-U-R-R. R-R. Law? Law? Or is that L-O-R-E is in folklore? You want to hear what's going on? I'm listening carefully, but I want to make sure we get it done correctly. I can tell. It's a law. A law. If you want to call it that that's fine. That's about. Take your way guaranteed isher insurance from police from lawyers. I don't want to go to another call. But you can't hear him. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah. How you doing? All right. How you doing? Great. Who's making fun of you on the morning show? You're a great guy. I love you. Yeah. I understand. It's not a question. They can find this question of their desperate and they're trying to stir up a bunch of contract controversy because they can't get any calls. I said, here I watched one call come in for about 45 minutes. You're done. Who's one? Thanks. What is it? Is it Bocamper talking? Is it for the force? Yeah, Bocamper. Yeah. Kimball. That guy doesn't know anything about force. I think it's Gully. You hear Gully this morning saying, hey, that's your good looking guy. You hear that? No, I don't think Gully's trying. I think they must have heard on my show yesterday trying to give us a message. Well, did Gully touch three jerk off the metro? Okay, thanks for the good news. Okay, so I guess we're going to rip them today. If they were going to do it to the ball game comes down. I wasn't planning on doing that. I was hoping to hear about that lore in Tallahassee. That Governor Walkin, well Governor, sleep in Lotton. He sleeps with the fishes now. All right, what was she talking about? I guess she assumes now. And now she's not going to like me. See, I am thin skin. She's going to say lots of terrible things about me. So I cut her off and I was rude. It was boring, lady. Okay, I don't know what you're talking about. We don't care. We aren't the least bit interested in what's going on up there. I'm till they find out, of course, this thing with now you see they're trying to do the thing with the voucher school vouchers. I talk about that. Jeff Boys didn't I? And all those fascists what they want to do is just take all of my noorities. That I want to mention which ones and have the public school just be like a dumping place for them. And all of people with some money, they're going to go to these are private schools and perokio schools. These hot tea, coffee and just destroy public education, which of course is part of the whole right wing philosophy. Not that I want to get into politics, but what you see is what you get. So just keep in mind when it comes to anything of any consequence the Jeff's tears full of crap. That don't be picking on the guys in the morning. I will say this. They're costing a rest of us money. In fact, I know Hank is probably feeling the same way. I'm holding up my end of the bargain with those numbers. Oh, yeah, that's right. They're gone. We're doing it. But a lot of us have secondary bonuses based on the overall station performance of in 2554. And when certain shows which out of winter mentioned which ones they are. Certain shows are biting the big one. Hey, that's a good looking guy. Then it cost them a so money. But anyway, yeah, if they want to rip me that's fine because I can handle it. Even the way I'm thin skin and by the way, default, I never was a catcher. And I'm not to pull them that in the hallway. It was out there with his baseball bat again. He was batten it around. Getting fat. Rounds with bat 10 minutes after 10 at 5. 60 QA and I go back a long way to the when the Yankees first came down here. And they had trained all those years in St. Peasburg and what a culture shock it was for them to leave St. Peasburg. You come to Fort Loder with it. Which at that time was where it's pretty break was happening. And St. Peasburg, you know, was happening there. Well, because you've been to St. training in that city. There was nothing there, right? Well, I was in Fort Charlotte for five years. When you were with, did you ever go to St. Peasburg? Nope. For spring training never did. Nope. Nope. But I need it before that. I was in Arizona. Yeah. Right, with the Giants. How is it coming over to the American League? You looking forward to it? They're in the American League for five years now. Yeah. I'm not unfamiliar with it. I'm looking forward to just starting with a new team here. Alright. Alright. Stop it. Gelsy. Gelsy. Talking on a court show. Trying to do the macho. Your voice sounds just like a sad thing here, old girl. I'll leave her for a full show. Watch out. Are you thankful, Gelsy? Gelsy. Talking like a baby. Who needs a little draining. Like a few answers now. You don't know like a man. You're so rubber-man. That choke. Your throat comes. Gelsy. Gelsy. Gelsy. Oh. Gelsy. Your lucky management don't tell. Gelsy. You don't belong there on the air. And Gelsy. The sports can wait till your voice cracked. Of anyone who sounds like that should find another job. And they should only take you back when both your babies drop. Gelsy. Gelsy. When you're going to grow up. You make a drop. You silly, sneaky fool. Go do broadcasting tools. Your free stupidity. It's all in. Make you. Now die, son. You're a hot, you're a hot. You're a hot, you're a hot. That's what it's been defined. Oh, thanks to our group friends that chucked out the meat. Make those stuff in. I think we'll have a check in. That's for you sweetheart. For I, uh, lovely lunch. Is there a little sauce in here? No, I don't know. I got scared there for a second. Oh, by the way, Hank, uh, I heard Hank yesterday talking about the fact that he's the red that burns the thing book on diabetes, which is great by the way, you're right about that, huh, huh, huh, huh. And he was asking because I mentioned the other day, and this year, all of a oil, which is one of the things I didn't just make that up out of my mind, okay? Oh, I do like extra virgin olive oil. Great stuff. But the shimmer on your feet, because your feet are very important when you die bed at a circulation, you know, you have the slightest problem in fetching whatever. Keep those feet in good shape. And Hank was concerned, because I said, do it before you go to bed. I don't mean like right before you go to bed, Hank. You don't want to say it? Like maybe, you know, in the evening. And the amazing part of it is you don't have to worry about what it smells like when you go to bed. At least not your feet. Because amazingly, your skin absorbs the olive oil, which is the whole idea. And olive oil, that's probably too much anyway, huh? I've never had either one of my dogs has ever complained. Now, if I was going to be spending a couple hours in the sack, about half an hour in the sack, with some hot number, then maybe I'd wait until after she left. And then I would, you know, then I'd apply the olive oil on my feet. So anyway, it's 10.19 at five. That's what you're cueing. Let's just have a massive, or an old station, I guess, is what those guys want. I don't know. I'm having a good time. Just like remember what magic Johnson said that on that show. I'm having a good time. Two weeks later, it was canceled, because the audience was having a miserable time. I had some great folks there at the hockey game last night. My good friend Sean is home for the break from North West and the University in Chicago, which he said is a living in Green City with real people. Told ya. Told ya Sean. But of course, the game itself, I mean, what is there to say? I hear these people analyzing Terry Murray as this, Terry Murray. They, you know? And I won't give credit. Geldie was right there at the end, even a little assucker like him. He's right. And that is that this team, uh, offensively, I mean, when you're too, thank you, Mary. I'm God bless you. Uh, when you're too supposed to top centers, Victor Coslov and Niedermir. I mean, Niedermir and I keep quoting one of paper, he's lost. I'm screaming at him the whole game. Robby, do something, get with it. A little effort there. Robby's hopeless. And Victor Coslov, maybe he should be on an ABC, a figure skating thing tonight. Because that's all he does. He's sketching around these big looping circles. I mean, round and around and nothing ever happens. And then, uh, you know, Whitney feeds him a great pass there on a two on one. I mean, wide open side of that, he shoots it 10 feet wide. You know, Victor, that ain't going to get the job done. So we've had major, major disappointment to me. Is good old Victor Coslov. And, you know, you take, uh, I mean, what's really left? You take Bury out of there. And of course, then I'm reading that he didn't bother skating yesterday. Again, maybe I'll skate today. Is it likely he'll be back for that big game tomorrow night against Nashville? No. I mean, now that the team is like just about on a verge of being, I mean, everything on that scoreboard last night in the macaruna total disaster. Oh, my god, the leaf's getting pounded by San Jose eight to five it winds up. And Boston winning three nothing over auto one, Carolina beating out the owners. I mean, everything bad that could have happened on a scoreboard happened last night, including in the arena itself. And don't let the fact that we outshot the, the Rangers by that more did. That means nothing because I mean, Rick, they're play okay. He played pretty good. But there weren't really many scoring chances. They were mostly far out pussy shots. And when we did have a good chances, uh, I'll can't get to job done. Right, Robbie. Right. The idea that they're quoting needamar. Uh, you know, when they lose these big games, an air-release face office, especially in late in the game, air-release He's consistent. Here's Peter and Ed that against Robbie needamar, big face off a minute to go in again. We pulled a goalie six attackers out there. Robbie, what if I saw, can he win one one? Lost them all. All the big ones. Game after game after game. So they keep you know with the, with the smoke and mirrors, the organization niche, and you're going to say, you know, on the keep low and smoke, but it was very sad. So I guess maybe we'll be getting a good credits on it to play off money to our next year. There you go. I'm going to be happy about. WQAN. WQAN. How you doing, Neil? I know you were at the game, so you couldn't have missed a gem that your buddy, Remer, and said last night. First off, he's talking about the game and where else gets an old scuffle and he says, Ah, Ty, he said the one thing about the Panther. Hey, Joe, Ty, still goes back today from his not with Mono, thanks to a Greg Reid, go ahead. They go stalked. Yeah. He says, oh, the one thing about the Panthers, we have one of the best one two punches in hockey. I almost rolled off the sofa. Whoever you asked, or was he talking about? He was talking about a well-bought little scuffle and he said, well, with the lawns and where else. Oh, what a waste of time that we're going to let us, I mean, you know, get the stupid penalty, and then of course, you remember they scored one of the goals on a four on a four on a four on a four on a four on a four on a three. Exactly. And I, huh? And I scored bread ahead again, screening Porsche on Berk, they're skating right in front of him on the your first goal there the graves goal. I was pathetic. Listen, Remer, a one two punch is a fast one stronger, just stalk at a goal. You're gonna tell them that it did her Saturday. Thank you sir by the way remember this guy says you're an asshole Now you got to answer me just this shield. We know there's Andrew Koonann in a hallway You know I gotta tell you this Sam seriously because everybody in the building we've been showing that picture in that book You know the Koonann and I'm the deathbed because it looks so much like you and I held it up to guilty this Marys said there's Andrew Koonann You think he looks like Sam and Gelly said hey that's a good looking guy And I thought what what kind of a comment is that forgot it supposedly getting married Koonann would all have blood on his pussy. Hey that's a good looking guy. Jesus Gelly Maybe that one testicle is about to descend instead of the maybe we'll call him ridgling instead of gilding Have you moved it up into world instead of getting gilding it's original How do you horse people know what that is? And it's a horse with one descendant testicle That doesn't talk quite so high See Sam doesn't know that picture looks just like him you've been freaked out ever since haven't you he's been walking to my like Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh Not going over to the beach anytime soon. Uh-uh not going by that Versace mansion anytime soon Well, they said we'll make you feel better. I'll read you the last line in the book Of course keep in mind this Gary and Diana is an out of closet screaming Fag who writes the whole book from that perspective But he says the last sentence he says the bullet bounced around in his skull and came to rest without damaging his face Contrary to all reports in fact Andrew looked really really pretty Now I find that rather we've put in the comment. I didn't think he looked pretty even before the bullet You know, but nevertheless he said hey that's a good looking guy But anyway 24 past 10 at 5. 60 WQ and they'll be ripping a morning show. Okay I mean it got the real problems unless you want to of course I mean here's here this schmock calling in this morning is suckling oh Neal's a schmock neal the rippin a show. You know, what am I supposed to say okay? I mean I can't I'm not the one to make some decisions I'm the one that did not the one decided to put him be bureau and chuck my run there next Monday They're just not cutting at the cost of us all money WQ a n a How are you great a great aim right? I thought like a chronic regular to me is what what's the case? It is He always says what's the difference that Jack has Andy only this time I'm on to a man because I got my blood sugar down I have a nice lunch from Chuck and easy at the sub center on a quarter or four forty one I have to do it the differences we don't want to talk you the audience doesn't want to hear you George H. You like poison I hate you like like anything you can imagine that's the difference is that it's my show and I don't want to talk to you I don't want your faxes. I don't want to see you. I don't want to know from you I'd like that Because we took a poll and whole audience said you know that Andy from Hollywood. He's an asshole. That's right And I scored by the way very few people get you an amist vote Huh, I bet you if we took a poll right now there'd be some people out there saying they like guilty on here I mean when you when you hear that scratchy screeching I mean listen to the first couple of words here. This is and this is my theory like when you see what I'm saying listen to that He's he may he I mean it's sound you you know you heard that all the expression about your nuts in a vice Huh is that like peaks in a ring or nuts in a vice something like I mean listen see this is and this is my You Come on one octave lower practice with me. I even said something nice remember when Christine and more missed a plane And I heard a little excerpts of him doing a hockey game that a good job there guilty Excellent especially under those conditions. I see I tell it like it is. I don't have any asked to grind the agenda Other of course than my homosexual agenda. I mean that goes without saying All big stories about the ball game come up and Cuba this weekend all boy Gotta be a lot of people doing a green apple quick step and little havana this weekend. Hey, that's a good looking guy There was in no farmer who lives on a rock He's adding the middle just a piece that some boys who were down by the prick There being no water there ain't on their marbles and play things and at that pass for Their people young ladies she looked like a pretty Creatures she sat on the grass She pulls up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and leaps is and white fluffy done She said she was learning the new way to bring up her children So they would not spin While the boys in the barn yard were show up on the rep you send later from yesterday On water girl in the neto was rubbing her eye that the fellow down by the dock He looked like a man with a side of the home in the country with a big fence out front If he had to find like least she showed him her name Don't bet dog who was subject to fit and maybe she's letting grab hold of her small tender and will tell movement so quick And then she'd been over in suck out his candy so tasty made a butter sky and then he spread with cream all over her cookie That she had left out on her shelf if they this is dirty you can go to yourself All right, well, I'm good bit about an E2 on a scale of one 1032 at 560 WQA So our pull question today is a guilty can and we'll keep answer pull question No, actually we asked it and our discussion of all the various jobs that are various occupations that are mostly John's held by homeowners How can we lift out school teachers? You know, I was thinking about this even before the show yesterday I don't know what made me think about this but when I was in school now I don't know if it's the same today as it used to be years ago most of my teachers were miss the female teacher Well, some of the guys the female teachers were missed this and missed that and I'm talking see in those days We used to call an old maid Nobody back then whatever before the 70 is a Bulldog I mean that that was impolite, you know as an old-dike So he's to call them old maids And I could mention the names of the some of the teachers because I'm sure they're dead by now like a Miss Maloy She was my teacher in kindergarten for a scratch. He's got to be dead by now. I hope I mean not that I hope but I don't want me You know, well, I mean I'm not saying that Miss Maloy was a die, but she just seemed awfully, you know old not to have been married And you want to say about old people that haven't been married. Oh, hey stupid But anyway Yeah, most of my you know female teachers were missed this and missed that and they were like in their 50s and 60s and I had like a Miss Lion So definitely is dead by now. She was in her 70s Amazing as they may seem like I guess early 70s late 60s still teaching miss So there's another one your teachers and I hope you take this business about keeping facts out of the teaching profession If they did that they have to shut down all the schools Especially the perocular school They've all backed in the church But I'm wondering if that's the most interesting today of most of your teachers like in the last you know 10 15 years have been missed this and missed that Or missed the point 560 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 on a mobile one line Screenless Thursday by the way and we're doing that because you know, it's just kind of a we're just here for the formality today to set up the ball game Cardinals and the Marlins four car four clock ankle beyond after the game 1250 we got the ball game And then after the ball game we got Hank and Chulas the book's there will be on the night 6 to 10 and count 10 Talking about boogas got thin skin how can you be that fat and have thin skin? I don't understand that we're not saying it because we don't like you boog the fact is you're turning it into a gigantic enormous cow Like that lady that called yesterday from Phoenix the Cow lady WKOM I know yes, sir. I heard through the great five you were doing screenless So I had to come out from under my rock. Yeah, how you doing? WKOM I am How you doing okay? I was curious you happened to have seen the officers in the 10 so I did not I was the ask is why would I watch that crap? Because it's just funny because whoopy said the shot word live at the Oscars and and I was surprised that no one picked up on it Well, maybe nobody cared Back for it said a live on TV said bull shot after you want to Kentucky durability last year Well, I'm delighted to hear what make it's a progress there. You got there some good news for Oh, and by the way everybody it's always threatening they're gonna call the FCC by the way We might go ahead, but there's a great article in business week magazine this week Do we realize thanks to our good friends of Republicans the FCC is basically being disemboweled And being put right back to what it originally was supposed to be a bunch of paper pushers That's right. They're no longer gonna be the censorship of FCC. They're gonna be just the and not any not even so much the technical FCC Now the only bad part of this is one of the things that the radio and TV people are screaming about especially the radio people They're not happy with the restrictions and the number of stations they could own in a market How do you like that? So in other words, maybe queer channel can buy up every station in the market. Maybe that's what they want And by the way for those people on the morning show. I don't want mention no names. You know in particular But anybody on the morning show that's got a problem with this show With Neo Rogers hey that's a good looking guy. I'll tell you right now the only reason that you guys are still in there doing a sports stuff And we're still all spots radio here is because of this show Because the last year the last 14 months that we've been here you take the numbers from midday out of here and put back You know the fat sports bitch and Christina Moron with those horrible numbers they had before And I hate to break the news to you But to God with the bad haircut done all he'd probably be out there shoveling the whatever was on that song before and the yeah the stalls out at Gulfstream or hialia That's right Because the vultures were just over hovering over this place before we came over here and rest you these dime bastards That's why that's why you got all those spots there and the more Dutch understand that guy because we got to pay balding We've been held hostage thanks to Greg who's the great needle maker the wheeler the deer the sports maven with mono We're held hostage to a baldy So we're the first you know 10 million dollars in revenue that we make that's all well and good that all goes into balde's pocket Right balde WQAM QAM Nice talking to you WQAM Neil yes, sir. How's your buddy great ran into you when you're leaving the game last night. I said hi Yeah, yeah anyway Like the Greek out of there pretty quick last night. Yeah, the morgue. I left the morgue a little before game ended But you're not pressing very depressing I like the scream with the hour because I don't have to pay for this call until you pick it up Yeah, yeah, I mean you're a Jesus arrest and they're he's eating that right He's on the right Did you see this? Our call and sports story about the guy we drafted Andrew long terrible already this guy was trying to justify in a way Yeah, bolder the Jesse bolder sky hit them saying this game was played on the edge and he just went over there Just as the little bit right It's you ever get a fried ass That I agree unbelievable you started getting back in the game this kid If I was that that need of my was doing their stuff You know spirit in the guy between the legs there on that face off almost and lucky that didn't get a penalty They're late in the game what's all was that you see that that's all the time Neither knew him. I go to after somebody is one he's got you When you might be between their legs. I thought that maybe Nikki's too busy doing that MTV spring break thing and she ain't taking care of many more He's so what we saw don't even talk to me about new fair man. He's the worst absolutely disaster and they keep He's worth and they keep quoting when the news paper they keep having these articles And he said oh well, gee, that was a game we really needed we just didn't yeah. Yeah, right Robbie You're a good sportsman, huh? He shows up for every one of them doesn't game right and it just he Jeremy no case off. Here me important face off loses it every single one I told my brother while brought him the first game he went to a five so okay We got Chris Weld and Robbie and I came out there on a kill boy stick while they were scored while Medved scored the second goal because Chrissy was walking around with the remnants of a broken stick there I mean I can help anybody understand but it's just that poor Chrissy just can't do anything right When you broke it and dropped that took the turn of brother off to listen this guy play with a stick We're in trouble right now and yeah, but a thing is exactly but a thing that's right You know well at least that we have no more pressure anyway pressure That's why I bring very back there. Yeah, he'll be you know when he's good in the ready he'll come back have a great day sir He'll be okay, right Ray Whitney feeds Coslaw of a perfect passage is a two on one you can smell a goal is coming Victor with a shot it's ten feet wide But the organization we got the youngsters in the organization and a right Too much BS from BM that's what I say 24 11 at five 60 WQIM hey pizza law pizza got something great coming up we got the pace off coming what when when did you tell me this Sunday The 31st one day that's upset. Well, it's pretty close where I get in close to it So I would be surprised not too many more days go by the Jeff Cohen gonna be coming over here With some of that great moths of pizza and mothalazani which he invented last year and you don't have to worry It's a kosher for pace off. It's on 11 baby and that's the way to go It's good stuff to a taking better I am amazingly enough you go to the pizza loft you say hey, I'm Jewish. You'll say oh, I good And here's some of the good stuff you love it and even if you're not Jewish even the go-in can go in there now or anytime you like And enjoy all the great Italian goodies the real award winning was on you They call you never saw because they're each other's Paul and they're barking their ball Russian they're going Because they ain't got to see Most days are mountain there mama because they can't get to see They're getting late Oh That's just a little more fun than going to have Just do me great boys Wouldn't change if they could Sprelling with Darwin because they're came focus of food And 45 at five 60s W QA and Marlins and the cartinals at 1250 in the P.A. and we only got another what couple hours here. We're out of here. Wow Any interest netball again? No any interest at all any interest in the Marlins in the the cardinals. No in the Orioles and Cuba No, I'll try brought that up Yeah, that'll be on ESPN with the elected or not, okay, too bad Grow up get with the program stop at a title crap or a real title of it and by the way Nice job and close to all baby Many of the stone ages what I say that malosevitch son of a bitch. He's Hitler Junior. He's Hitler light is what he is You know the spirit of that Bud Light spot. I must have seen that 15 times last night after the hockey game The greatest TV spot in history paper or plastic Did you see you've seen that the best hey guys near receipt Still short still short. She's great the bag boys great I mean, oh, it's just a fantastic Makes you want to go right in and take a look and be thankful you got all that toilet paper WQAM hello. Yeah, we just talked a little while ago. We just connected. How you doing? WQAM Same old thing back. WQAM Who yes sir? Yes How are you? Great turn out radio officer. Oh, no how were you doing great? I wasn't expecting it You know, see this is the idea get these people to law balance. They're like that jackass Andy and Hollywood It's called 17 times already Right, I know Where do you think it the chances? What do I think are the chances of one? Hello, what do I think are the chances of one? Next year. What do I think are the chances of what's there? Forget about it All right, she would. I'm saying don't look at me. I'm doing great There's something in the year, baby even thunderclap new man even Alfred E. Newman is talking about it. You know what I'm saying? WQAM In Neil got off the air. You check off. WQAM QAM hello Good morning Neil. Yes, man. I just turned I love yourself. I turned in You turned in other show Harden. I love you. Can you can you hear me? Yes Because the other guy this acted like he couldn't hear me. What seems to be the problem here? Oh, I can hear you great. Then how come when I asked you a question you didn't respond? You were listening to another show? No, I have my radio up I know I said I listened to the end of I tuned in a little bit late and I heard the end of it and you mentioned that Henry Barrel and Chuck's Meyer. Are they coming to your station? Yes, yes. Oh, what time? 6 to 10 am starting Monday. Oh great. I love Henry Barrel. Yeah, what about Chuck Meyer? Well, I was Chuck is going to be angry. He's not sold. I heard it through doing the news. I'm working on P. We Herman for get him. I remember him from Well, I really can't quite place him. Who's that? Henry Barrel? Oh! No, no, I know Henry. Well, he got Meyer. Yeah, right. Well, I love Henry Barrel and I know he went off the other station and I thought, what a long. Well, where did you hear about that? Who told you he went off that other station? Well, um, okay. He went off on a Friday, which I listened to the, didn't hear the whole thing. I didn't hear him say he was leaving. But my husband listens to the garden show on Saturday. Oh, he's the one, yeah. And he mentioned it. He had to set he retired from radio. And I thought, oh, God. So I turned out. Okay, one thing. The day he left I OD is the day that he retired from radio. He made him realize that that was right. But so then I called Monday. He said, I actually build up Henry. I called, I called his station Monday and they didn't know he won't be. Well, the good news is for you. This is coming Monday. What's the day this Monday? Whatever it is, the 29th. Great. 6 to 10 a.m. Chuck Meyer, Henry Barrel, Ron Harrison, Roger Magdalene, the editor. Oh, I'm a person. Right. I loved him. There you go. With my. Well, now you got something to look forward to, sweetheart. 6 to 10. Yeah. I can't get. I know my cranaries up there. Now, I'm about him. He's up there at, he's a big time at JNA station. But I get it. Bill are re-s records. Once in a while. When you can't listen to both shows at the same time, sweetheart, you have to. Now you got to the good news. I'm giving you a good new Ron Harrison. Oh, Rex Harrison. Right. What a team. George Harrison. Love you, Neil. Okay. My Lord, have a great day. Okay. Jesus. I'm trying to give that lead to some good news. It's like, uh, she's in disbelief for crying a lot. We all know Ron Harrison. Hey, that's a good looking guy. Christ. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Just what? Andrews for me. WQAM. Hello. I can't speak to Neil. Speaking. Yes. Neil? Yes. Oh, why does it say a new phone? Sir, get a phone that works. I, you know, I can't do that to the audience. I'd rather talk to Bozos than, uh, some guy with a bad phone. I'd rather talk about Chuck Meyer and Henry Barrel. Oh. Okay. And somebody with a phone like that. Get a real phone. Take the pin, kind of, uh, can't do the string. Toss him out the window. Just toss him. Am I not want to hear about your teachers about the bull by teachers? Not by name, of course. I want to hear a follow the old team. Now, how about you? Well, your teachers miss the old, the old ladies. Most of them. Yes. Yeah. Old, made. Isn't that what we always do? Old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old. School, arms. Yeah. The old dikes is what they were. We never realized that's what there's another. That should have been to top it list. Right next to the priest in the nuns who are also teachers, by the way. I don't mind telling you what they teach, but I think you have a good idea. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I don't. Okay. Now get a better phone. WQAM. Hello. Is this a lightning round for you to act the bird? No, yes. We're going to be the bird. Here you go, pal. Hop on it. WQAM. Hello. QAM. WQAM. Meal. See, we have to go through 100 to get a good one, but at least we get some. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Good morning, sir. How are you? Great. Three things. Number one. I've been all out. Great lunch. Get ready to get on here at 12.50 for a big ball game. Great. So, I've been at the lady that you just folded in. Barrels have come back on 2 a.m. Well, you don't believe that? I believe either. You tell me, sir. Can we borrow and check? Do you remember truckmire? Before my time. For my O.D. Before my time, sir. Unfortunately. Oh, my God. I have just tasted your snob. Get out of here, Henry. It's not time yet. Before my time. Talk about, I'm going to be doing the fishing reports on that show two by the way. Hey, just stuck his head in the door to tell us he's going to be doing the auto racing show Saturday morning. Six to seven and the fishing reports on the morning show with Henry and Chuck. I forgot more about auto races than Joe Cough still ever know. Now, he just said that the bird is coming back and he just gave it to you. Don't forget, Joe Cough still. Six to seven this Saturday morning going around and around around. Oh, God. I forgot about that. Jack Gordon song by the way. That would have been good. We'll get it on today. What have been good yesterday? Joe wants to know if he can play that on his chat play what the Jeff Gordon song sure you can play whatever you want. You're a part of your family here. That's why the rest of guys hate your luck towards him. By the way, he's going back home because Greg gave him mono. You know, sir. Why are you still sick? How do you like that? What did I tell you? And then the problem with Greg Reed is you tell him anything and he looks at you like everything is a joke. He doesn't take anything seriously. Maybe he just doesn't have the intellect to take anything seriously. It does. It doesn't think in that spot he keeps searching for in the top of his head that he keeps scratching where the brain used to be. He keeps scratching and searching. And you know, the old saying where there's no sense there's no feeling. Don't take it personally, Greg. It's not that we don't like you. It's just we don't want you spreading disease around here. And I'm not making that up either. I told a few people that the boss has got because they say is he really got mono. And I said, yeah, and he's coming in there. It's the most highly infectious diseases and I'm just putting out my meatballs all over just talking about this. I'm spitting it and meatballs too. Go home, Greg. Get some rest. We can get along here without your for a full. We can have some how it's scraper away by. If that go out there and have a meeting with Wayne give him the mono he deserves it. Not a good guy like Joe Costello. We think he's a good guy. Of course the other guy. And you know the interesting part about it. Some of the egos on this radio station. Some people get really uptight and upset about silly things. Yeah. And you know, like the day I came on here and I said Lawrence Taylor was a running back. Okay, I make as many mistakes. What do I know? I don't watch the stupid giants play to me. He's just another gangster. I don't know what another drug addict. So, you know, we all make mistakes. But these people that can all uptight about these silly things for crying out loud. What's wrong with you guys? Well, what is wrong? What is the matter with you? When you're gonna grow up and get a life and get with the important stuff if we ever figure out what that is. WQA in hello QA in. WQA in. Yes sir. You think you're all broken? You think you've been? No, I don't. WQA in hello. Yeah, no. Yes sir. Now, we used to have a good picture. You remember when they used to like paddle back and forth? Yes. Well, they used to tease the fine. We never had a new rectum. Now, whenever we were bad, we'd have to get paddle, but we'd have to get paddle bare ass. And about five years after I left high school, it was in the paper. So you got camp for doing something. I thought I think it was inappropriate with the student or something. I'd be like that. Yeah, but yeah, like I said, you hear that? You hear that exchange? I said, sound like S&M hired me in a heating, using the name of a school sir. It was just an observation. Oh, there's Jack of Orchian by the way, Lovering is closing arguments. They're all saying, hey, Joe, you're going to the electric chair or something like that. He don't carry the old guy. He's helped a lot of people off themselves. I say, let's hear it for Dr. Jeff. Oh, kind of a country is it where you can't boy your own brains out. Where you can't use in the misery and the suffering. Huh? That's what we're doing with a morning show. We're ending the misery and the suffering. I wonder Deke posed running around the hallway. The baseball bat. He's just waiting for Henry Barracks to show up again. Monday morning, sweetheart. What are they going to let the guy say goodbye to my morning? Oh, oh my god, oh, oh my god. Oh, where's the light? Where's the light? Where's the light? Oh, I got up this morning. It was 3 a.m. I was sleepy as to be. I was searching for that bathroom Black because I really got a piece called it being lazy. I got to go so bad. I can't think Man would I be in trouble if you call me being in the same. Guys do it all the time. I'll late night when we take a leak. Where's where? It's just too much gone trouble to put down the toilet seat. Oh, I've sit down, but it's the water. Man can't I hear her why? Use all the toilet paper under where's on the floor. Guys do it. Yeah. All the time. Hey, Ruh! I'm sorry, honey. I'm not your underwear. You forgot to put down the toilet seat. I'm sorry, there. I'll do it next time on the problem. You can still hold over the slide. Water over the floor. I love you, dear. It's not as big as time now. I love it. I want to buy a ticket. I'm going to talk with the salty balls. You'll be very pleased to know at least George will. Academy award winning singer, sonwriter, Isaac K. is now the voice of chef on the cartoon South Park. And singer, sonwriter, Randy Newman, or among the latest entertainers line up to take the stage at Sunfest. Also announced on Wednesday where Kenny G. The beat 52's and Kubernetes Mo. Kubernetes. I think they let the lion isn't that Kubernetes. Well, or is that like Kubernetes? That's some stupid radius. Whatever. They've performed a step off along a list of our T-skids over when they're taking it some festival on Flagler Drive along the intercostal waterway in West Palm Beach April 28th to May 2nd. You'll be there, right? See Isaac K's? He's a Scientologist. No. Oh, you won't be there for that. He is? Why heard you say that? That's a two. Yeah. Oh, very good. Ghost to show you. Yeah, but why should you be concerned about that if you like the Tom Cruise will be would you not like to movie because he's a Scientologist? No, I don't care. You were big on Pulp fiction? I was. No. I like two scenes from that movie. Yeah. And then what about the Mayonnaise on the fries and Amsterdam? Do you know that they, uh, I mean, come on. Jesus. Yeah. And you know, that's why a lot of people in this time like that movie because they've never been anywhere. Maybe Cuba. Yeah. How are you doing today, Neil? Great. Never been better. Sure. I finished a great launch of you not here early. Come on. You know what? What is it? That's why I call it the logic complaint. What? What? What? You think about what? Put on the Marlin Springtrain and baseball. And let you go home when we need to tear from here. You didn't tell to a client. Oh, well. There was, you know. That's unbelievable. The tough life. And then you get a lesson to the sports team with like five Brazilian commercials. And there's no, you know, and they, well, they don't, you don't have to listen to it. You're wrong about it. You know what? You say that. You have to listen to it. No, you're right. Exactly. And I put it on, uh, not I was on the phone this morning sitting or observing between nine and 10 a.m. Uh, the most you are putting us with those 30 minutes of spots in the world. You know what? I did Neil put it put some country on. Then I hit it back over about every 10 minutes. A commercial. Oh, like, it's all spots radio. And then I heard galley and then I turned it off. Yeah. I wonder who has to do with that? Is it either, uh, screw in or, or, why do you get to do them? Just out of that together when they were holding their meat together. Anybody at your stations? We're always screwing up. But Neil, I wanted to just talk to you about one thing. Have you ever watched TLC the learning channel? Yeah. Have you ever seen trauma in the ER? No. Oh, that's an excellent show. It's about live in the Murnstierum. And you're talking about Jack of work in. Anyway, this guy in Hawaii takes two kitchen knives about 12 inches long. Staps himself in the chest. One and then the other pulls him both out. He's not dead yet. So he sticks him up. Oh, he buries him down to the handle and he's still alive. Okay. I wasn't if he come by before 1230. We'll show you the command and picture. It's just like saying the sham art promotions. Man. Seriously. I mean, I wasn't exaggerating. People thought that it was just making that up. It looks exactly the same as walking around like a ghost because of the startling resemblance of what Kuneana. Hey, that's a good looking guy. Well, even with the blood on his push. Is that what you're saying? WCWM. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Wayne is doing. Oh, last week you were talking about old analysis and you said, well, I'm a trained planet Pittsburgher. Did you ever find it well print stuff? I played it yesterday. Oh, we wanted the cards. We missed it. You know. Oh, come on. We have a little bit now. I saw a gun is a little bit. Keep your skies busy, George. It's a different one than I had than the rich you had in the ones that it's short, but it's it's all fun. Okay, anyway. Thank you. Okay. Have a great day. I played yesterday just for this guy. Was it listening? It's wrong with you, man. It's going to be 3 3 and a bottom of a 17. One ball and one strike. Whooms into the wind up in the one one pitch? Fine. I'm going to be right there. You can't kiss it. Goodbye. Oh, baby, did he? Yes, that's baby out of sight. He's great. Great. Greatest broadcaster in history of baseball. Bob Prince, the late to grade. He was the best. I don't care what anybody else said. Not a matter of opinion when tells you that makes it's fact. Okay. There was nobody like Bob Prince and never will be. I mean, he was no Bob cost. Thank God. Little ass looking twerp. Why do I ever see a Bob cost isn't guilty together? No. WQAM. Hello. QAM. WQAM. Hello. Hang up your head, son. This. WQAM. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I'm trying to get in yesterday. There's a picture on yesterday's Hill Sports in the top left ankle on the front page. Yeah. You were talking about the gay jobs and stuff. Yeah. Well, there's two banks. That's the ball players on the ground and one of them's got his hand right where's right where the moon don't shine. Well, on the other side, not there, but on the other than the front. In the front. Yes. In the general area. In the frontal area. Yeah. Oh, my God. Did that picture? I tried to get in yesterday, but I could not tell you about all these sports. All these macho guys. It's a great cover up, but it's not full of me anymore. They've been about it for a lot too many times. All this grab ass stuff. Guys running around, grab at each other around the waist. Oh, man. They were happy. They were having the waist. Yeah. Well, I go on to a personal. Two big sports is two. Two big sports is back. Another's a big thing. Exactly. And clothing. Yes, sir. Mike, you're a part delivering Skinner-dler and butt plugs. I get it. Sweet home Alabama. There you go. Let's go with a Tampa watch a hockey game. At least those people over there know a team when they see one. Of course, they're not going any more because they don't have one, but nevertheless, it made some actually pretty good deals with lightning. I don't want to talk about them. It's boring. Better than we did, they got that kick-colon Forbes from Philadelphia. Two goals in this first game for lightning. Good player. There's a player. Why don't anybody ask me about Mike Wilson last night? Don't ask me, please. Okay. Give me a chance. Don't be knock it a guy. One game. He had all kind of a rough night. They'll be alright. He's there too much crap in Buffalo. Let's give him a week. Then we'll refusass. Pretty weak, Mike. Somebody give him a compass in a road map. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I got another gate job for you. Yes. Men they're working ten salons and men they go to ten salons. Yeah. What's going with tanning salons isn't a job and let's see, you know, you do it like every day and get paid for it. Well, they're working tanning salons. What are they? Is that like you're working in the bathhouse? Yeah. Clean the towel boy. You're cleaning up after the moon. Okay. We'll see how you're local attending guy. Well, they obviously must know. Huh? Why does the Holy O'Happ to go to a tanning salon anyway? We aren't most other than you, of course, since you're the one exception. Yeah, I'm the one. What? Don't care. They'll always do. We always have like a pretty good darkened complexion. Depend on where they're from. How about Levi on? He's got a real dark complexion. He'd be black. He'd be Cuban black Cuban. We have lots of them. Is that high-faceted in a lot of slaves? Is he African black Cuban? Somebody had to pet the cane. Is he African Cuban? He's a Cuban African. I've tell you what that reporter from Channel 51 said about Levi. He's an asshole. WQA and hello. Yeah. Thank you. I'm the guy who got the tickets yesterday. Right-hand? Yeah. I'm calling him thank you. Well, sorry about the game, but we can't, you know, we can't, we're supposed to win too, you know. Yeah, I was looking for you. I couldn't find you. Wouldn't that find me with a Maple Leaf Jacket on? How could you not buy me? Everybody else does? Oh, I didn't know what section you said it. 101. See what? Right right there on the top row. Right right by the stairs. Oh, I thought it was 107. We'll say yeah. Why didn't you miss anything? Yeah, no, I was kind of depressed. Well, I'm glad you at least showed up anyway and have a great life now. Oh, by the way, I want to say how do my good buddy Wally, Hennessy. You know, I'm talking to my friend Sean and this one and that one last night, you know, and between periods. And it got comes running down, shakes my hand. I and he, you know, and before I just barely get a chance to turn around and see what was and he's running away. Of course, I know why you're running away, Wally. I haven't cast a ticket on you in about two years. A pompot o park. My good buddy Wally, Hennessy from Elvis Gosha. I want to tell you something. He's a good guy. Okay. He really is. Despite of some of those races. He's a good guy. But there's such a thing as a, I'm not talking French kidding because a lot of you people are really dumb. He's don't know the difference between a frog and the English speaking Canadians, which thank God are really different breed. But if you wanted to have a picture of a definitive Canadian from Nova Scotia, unless from Pia, Wally, Hennessy, how did go in eight? I mean, there is he is Canadian. Say what you want about Wally and drive in his horses at Pomponel and everywhere else, which he's been all over the world and done great. But he is so Canadian. Hey, Wally, how about a horse tonight? How about just one winner? All these years have been plunging my brains out losing my ass. Just one winner at Pomponel Park tonight. Wally, would you give me a winner? I will. I'll give it to you. Well, that's your took a long time. By the way, what happened to the ex-alt-wally? Why are you airing shit like this? Have you ever heard a popular rap song in the radio and thought, hey, I could do that. Here we go. You're probably right. All it takes is a little ambition. Some karaoke has musical backup in 1995. Yes, I got talent for a reason. With a puff daddy wrap along CD set, you'll be hitting it just like some of the top rap stars at today. All ye. A backing plaque. Yes. With little to no musical talent and even the last year at a finishing, you'll be a chart buster in New York. All ye. If the time you lie, ye. The puff daddy wrap along CD set even comes with a handy booklet that shows you how to get older rock stars to help you with your projects. All ye. I've got to get it. Yes. The puff daddy wrap along CD set just 1995 is just about all it takes. Okay. It's 1115. It's five. Boy, that's your was a bropped one. That's five 60 W to Q. I'm hankled beyond after the ballgame from Schultellers. Which end about four o'clock. Okay. That's when you can tune back in. I mean, luckily used to see on SUN. Remember, check back with us later. Well, what kind of rejoins were those, you know? Check back with us later for the Rick and Sudgeo. Check back with us later on for the sports bitch. What was that? That was no speaking, Tampa mentality radio. Check back with us later. Notice we know you're going to turn off now. But check back what doesn't see if you like it later on. Because we know you're going to turn it off at 1250. Am I right when the ballgame comes on? Yeah. So there is nobody who cares about the marlins. Not anybody. Even John Henry ain't going to be listening. W Q A M. Hello. Yeah, what's happening? Well, speaking. Hey, you'll, back in 86, back in 86, I bought a condo and a well-known. Yeah. And it was all old people. And has had their din-off gets who's moving in. Yeah. Well, anyway. What's the answer? I'm not going to guess. What? Um, what a chance answer. They have little flags in the back of their car. They have little one. Little rainbow flags. Queens? Yeah. Fags? Yes. Madaconeys? Yes. Take care of this. The property values going up. Brookcakes. And the border right now is all old people. Yeah. One of them got on the ball. Right? Yeah. And I want to what? One of the Madaconeys? Yes. One of them got on the ball and all the old people are in their very period. And there are no old Queens. Well, no, no. The old condo command, those are all serious. Anyway, there's going to be a brown county and you'll find those little Queens. Just old trolls. No, like old people was a mario troll. But anyway, yes. Anyway, there's a ghost. So what? Well, they have a lot of money. Those people are going to everybody's apartment and spreading bad rumors about the guy thing that you want. Let's go there and I think. Well, good. Let's see. If he don't know what I'm all move on. Let the Queens move in L. L. Straight up the neighborhood. Okay. It's one thing about us to fags. The neighborhood is always nice and clean and lovely. I mean, really lovely. As opposed to when certain other elements move in. Uh-huh. WQAM. Hello. Anya? Yes, sir. Can you say coma and do thing last night? No, I did. Why does everybody say that? I didn't think it was that bad of a game? You don't? No. We all felt fully. Everybody, everybody said that. That was just a horrible game. I don't see why you say that. I mean, maybe because I've seen so many of the really were horrible. At least that. And by the way, I'll tell you this kid Dan Boyle. Let's go at the goal of the judgment. This kid is great. He can skate like the wind. He's uh, he's good all away around. I like that kid. When he's still putting on the moves. But when he is good, but of course, when you put it right there for Kylov and he shoots a 10-cy wide. I mean, what are you going to want from Little Ray? He's trying to, you know, he and Melanby. You can knock Melanby for being slow, which he is, at least he gives you a 200% effort there. You know? There was a, but there was one spot on my that robby, Robby, Robby. What do I, Robby, just a you and Nikki, you'll open, go off and see another romantic sunrise, but get out of our face, get out of our lives, Robby. And Chris, you can stand in a well. And then Kirk Mueller. They just didn't have any free I have been telling you all year long. There's too much dead weight on this team. Haven't I been to one guy to tell you that? There's too many dead people in uniforms. We can't have that much dead weight. You really only won. Yeah. And I've been telling you that all year long. It's a mediocre 500 club. That's what it is. We're waiting for number 10 to come back. Yeah, and well yeah, that's right. And you know something as soon as we get officially eliminated from the playoff, hey, here comes Palmdale back on the ice. He's busy modeling for the sports illustrated swimsuit thing. And and you think I made that up? I don't know when that's coming out. I read about it in the paper. It must be true. Yeah, in his bathing suit. I sure hope it wasn't a song. Anyway, it's 11 19 at five, 60. Remember that thing by with a song in my heart? WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil, what's going on? Only another hour and a half to go. We got to get out of here for that ballgame. You know, isn't that a bitch? Yeah, I'm just getting warmed up. Now I had my lunch. I'm just starting to get to feel a hang of this thing today. And we got to get out of here for a stupid goddamn ballgame. Yeah. That's your angel and table brine. And in that bad booster, Jesus Christ. Yeah, right. I think if you ever seen Luke Shombie, have I seen him? Yeah. No, I just hear from you guys. He did he? He had a backpack. The apartment complex that this guy was just talking about will manners. The apartment complex is not as big as Luke Shombie. Here in Tee. Yeah. I think somebody should give Chris wealth at 23. Could do. Yeah. That good idea. Yeah. All right. Thanks, honey. How about a little slowly sandwich in a bus ticket? I mean, don't take it personal, Chris. You're a nice guy. It's like Robbie. Robbie's a nice kid. We just want to see him anymore. That's off. Don't come back. Don't take it personal. We don't mind you getting a lot of action or a lot of jealous guys out there. They like to do Nikki Taylor too. That's great. But the fact is, uh, you can't play the game. You're sticking it in the wrong place. We'd heart. That's what we keep reading. Robby's a sticking. Well, that's great. I'm happy for him. I don't be grudge anybody getting their rocks off. Okay. But when we go to a hockey game, where are the ones that are supposed to get our rocks off? You're supposed to be sticking in the net. Quartz court and whatever. Christ. He is just so lackluster and so lost. And he just around and around, you know, Victor, what those big looping uh, oh, do something Victor, shoot it already. Don't make a move. He waits. He's tentative. And he's always been this way. With this way of saying Jose, he's this way with us. I mean, there's either so much talent there. But he's like somebody those Russian players. They're not physical. They don't use their side to their event. Just like that kid that I love on the Pittsburgh Penguins. What does it mean? Marozo. I mean, this kid could be a superstar. But he's not physical. He's big. He's strong. He's young. Just unbelievable. Count. He'll never be a great player because he's one of those Russian players who's not physical like Victor, the giant Coslaw. Great skater. He'll be on that show. He'll be watching that with all those figure skaters. And you really said you're going to be watching that. I'm embarrassed. Then say it was going to be watching. You said you might be. I said I watch it every once in a while. Mostly the women know because the word those thumbs stops stops. Stop. There's what? Well, like, like, what are women doing hard on? Who? Tonya Hardon. Yeah. Okay. What? Okay. What? You got to be a gas? Okay. There. Solid taste. George says if you got a big ass. Oh, a fat boy just came in the door. I mean, he thought she's a real fanboy. Just a stuck in the. You got a big ass. Oh, just using it. Quick farting and everybody's face fat boy. Stop doing it. We don't all over the building. From what I understand. Really? You just walks down the hall doing the, you know, with every step. He can't walk that. That's the Jeff high shuffle. We don't like it, Jeff. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. You don't. Great. Hey, how can you support them? Even Albanians trying to go to you just love you and deal with them. There's what does that mean? They're slaughtering people. They're, they're buttering people like cattle. What are you talking about? What? Get out of here. You scumbag. Go read a God name. History. Send this guy to Machadonia. Okay. I got some pizons over there. They'll take care of your ass. They'll stick your ass right in the aid re-edic. They'll make you an offer. You can't refuse. Okay. I know the right people over there, man. Disa Gia. WQAM. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. You. Yes, I am. Hi. A lady doing Oh my God. Oh. Ladies, never gets you on this stuff. Well, there you go. I just persevered. Excellent. Okay. Markets up 134 points by the way. Oh, I got. Well, there you go. I didn't catch all of your show yesterday, but someone must have mentioned Neil Hill's hairdresser. Oh, of course. Okay. The other thing is I wanted to thank you for the moment of no stalship. I didn't hear it yesterday, but a hearing bob prints today. The best. I go back far there. I go back to Rosie Rosewell. Open the window. I'm in here. Come here. You go. It's the old dip. The little. Right. Okay. Love you. Thanks. Thanks. Bye. See those of the days when sportscasters weren't just these plastic voices like today. You know, I'll sound the same. The ballpark's all looked the same. The new hockey and basketball arena. They all looked the same. All prefabricated. No character. No possessed. No personality. Those days, yet you're already hardwell and Harry Carrey and Mel Allen and Bob Prince. I mean, the list went on and on and on. Great broadcasters. They were artistic linguists. They were great cuttle linguists. Not these guys that he dumb ex-jocks. I don't know. Yeah. I don't want to mention no names. Okay. But there are so many in our ticket ex-jocks just smarming up the goddamn airways all over the place. I like the Wii Wii. Yeah. Right. Just just loaded. I mean, you know, the fact that you played the game and this is the problem is the sports fans, the so-called fans. They're morons. You want somebody to contain the verbal picture. Even when you're watching a game on television, I don't want to watch like those Ranger games with Sam Rosen and JD. Describe the game. Okay. I don't want to hear about, you know, your nose and about JD's ego and about how what he had for dinner tonight. I want to hear somebody describe the game. So if I get up and I walk in the kitchen, eat us a lot of me sandwiched. I still know what's going on. Somebody who really verbally paints the picture of them of the broadcast as opposed to somebody who's sitting there picking their nose like Christina Moron, which I wouldn't even put him in the same category with the I can't take of anybody I put in that category. I mean, remember, certainly agrees with that. Doesn't it? Uh-huh. WQAM. Hello. Sing up on Google. Okay. Right, go and see what I'm saying. That's that's what they got on their mind. 24 hours a day. Ask, ask, ask. I think I'll have a big ad. And that's it. Not a conning, not a conning, not a conning, not a conning, cool, cool, cool, cool. 560, 560. But that I'm telling it, that's the cumidam. It's very simple. It's very basic. It's complicated. Doesn't require higher education. Huh? Best of the cool, best of the cool of the demo, the pinga. That's it. That's all there is. There ain't no more. WQAM, hello. What's remember one on the bell? I'm there. Wow. QAM, yes. I'm up there Randy Moore. Randy's a good guy. Don't knock Randy over. No, it's her fault. I'm not an experienced one last night. He was doing his little experience with Randy last night. Yep. Yeah. He was doing it because I was talking to a guilty about Randy this morning and guilty said, hey, that's a good looking guy. Yeah. Well, that may be true. I don't know. But he's not doing it. What does he want? Randy, that's it's the her all fell out. He was doing his little pregame pieces and uh, like I said, 40. He right behind why I was sitting. Yeah. I want to ask for a question. You know, not while he was on the air. He's plenty of time in between. Right. And he looked at me like, who the hell are you? Like, I got, I know these things. Yeah. He just, he's got a major attitude. Hey, listen. He's a story. There's two minutes. Don't know how. And I yelled, hello to him in the hallway. You got going in the rainy yesterday. He was walking up to the booth and he turns around and said, hey, you got to ego man. How does he get out to arena door with that head is? Well, that's why that's why the hair is falling out by the clumps. Well, Randy Moore, you're a douchebag. Okay. I like Randy. Randy's a good guy. I got to hell in here. Exactly. That by the way, was one of the great episode of All Time Let's Hear For Rick and Sus by the way. Oh, wait, listen to that show. Come on. Yes, you are. Oh, I can't wait for Monday. Well, Henry Burrell, who else Chuck Meyer? Oh, our good friends. Roger Magdalene, your good buddy. He's going to be working dull too, by the way, George. And a recserison on the sports. That lady, she was just goosey. She was so excited. Hello, what was the lady that, what, what is that thing? Oh, yeah. That lady to call from Phoenix yesterday. I bet you she was a fat sloth. How dare you? 27 after 11 at 5. 60 WQM. B. Romania is $12 for one year offer has been extended for the fourth week. Kudos to Albert Tico. He's stuck it out for a fourth week in a row. He's the owner of B. Romania. He's surrounded the popular demand and stretched the one week offer in a full month. That's right. It works the lorsing in the basket. It makes it all up. It works the lorsing in the basket. What's their both umbrella? It works the lorsing in the basket. When the eyeball falls out, it works the lorsing in the basket. And it has to hold it down. It works the lorsing in the basket. It's what I have to do. Get it, put the lorsing in the basket. I need to rub it on my ground here. It works the lorsing in the basket. I have to try to take my steps you can. It works the lorsing in the basket. I should switch my TV. I like to pass around this way. Well, it's not quite as good as I do. I want you to look for like a wolf. My name is Paparol Bill. I'm an ocean in the basket. It makes it more vicious. It works in the ocean in the basket. I owe it by PPF. It works in the ocean in the basket. Oh, much does it grow? It works in the basket. I've got my skin through people and I go into it. I'm 33 at 5.60. I'm sure you're here to take my video. The whole purpose is not to expect a one guy that called talking over your stock yesterday. The purpose was to point out that there's all kinds of people out there. Okay, and as long as they're doing the DNA show, just mind your own business. That's the purpose of the show. To point out to you that there's all different kinds of people. Everywhere, even if you're living in a wild man. Especially if you're living in a wild man. Someone I hear. 5.60, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50. On the 18T wireless line, we're talking about old-made school teachers today. And we're doing screen list. I just mentioned that because they don't get it. How many of you QAM? Hello. How much is it? It's speaking. Deal. Yes sir. Are you doing it? Okay. Good. I had two gay pics for you. Two one things. Two gay pics. Yes. Those male cheerleaders? Right. We got it. That's a separate line. Yes. What about female bodybuilders? Right. You got that too? Lady Mudwrestlers. Yes. Roller-dermilates. That's good. Lady truck drivers. Female truck female foropliferator. Female's in the military. Okay. About 80%. Okay. And have a great day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound-5, 60, on the 18T wireless line. W to QAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil. Yes sir. You're saying? Yeah. Yes. Every day between 9 and 11, turn into the Don Show we're showing. 15, 80, AM. Every day between 9 and 11, we're the show. Don Show we're the. Oh my god. That was great. No that was great because anybody that would hear that voice. I'd rather hear guilty, you know, getting his teeth fixed on here than hear that. What is show? The Don Show is, you know, who jackmarked probably you put him up to that, you know? Nicely radio station. What a what a he's an asshole. Yeah. What are you sure between I always glad to give a guy a big plug, okay? Even that's all like you. Even a loser with a funny bad voice like you. Even Joey Reynolds. Even the competition agrees. The Neil Rogers show on W ZTA Miami Beach, Fort Lauderdale in the Bomb beaches is the best morning show in South Florida. I think I don't get the nine, two on an AS station as a hero in my book. You're like, hey Thomas, it's quiet. No problem with it. Even the other morning shows, let's listen to the Neil Rogers show on the day before. Happy be in the wing. You better than I am. Oh, there was a little bird cackle beginning right there and luckily for you, what didn't make it. Is he going to make it? W to Q a m. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Are you doing what? I got two categories for that game. We're still on that huh? We're still on the extension of yesterday. Colonel extension yes. I thought pop players is the first. But before there's lots and lots and lots and lots of gay softball teams. Like you'd not believe. Just ask my good friend, Norm can't he'll give you the whole of I. And the second one is beauty supply sales persons. Really? Absolutely. Beauty supply? Right. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Can I call someone to do something? Go ahead. Miguel, Pete and Henry are off. We mean juice back. Don't call Henry bear. Oh, the juice back just before we start the morning show on Monday here on 5. 60 Q a. Chuck Meyer, are you following this now? Chuck Meyer, Henry Barrow, Ron Rex Harrison, and Roger Megadon with that world famous entertainment report. How come we never read anything about Henry Barrow's retirement? I mean, maybe he was on a very marginal station. On a non-existent station would not exist in ratings as we discovered there. Thanks to Mark Benson, getting me to take a look at that. But nevertheless, I mean, he got been on the ear in this market for what 80 years. Wouldn't you think that somebody like Tom Zika, see time you're slipping, baby, you're slipping at Stephanie Loutis, whoever's supposed to be right in Terry Jackass, you guys that are supposed to be if this was like a real market with real newspapers, which it's not so much stuff is going down and you know, all the only place they can find out about the stuff is on this show because- All of these things are happening and nobody's writing about them. Because Tom Zika, you know, he's too important for that. He's been there with a satellite dish story, which is hidden in the business section, which nobody reads. For Tom, you know, he used to use to have some clue as to what was going on, you know, in a market, coolness. 22 before noon, blah, we're moving in a ball game time. I'm sorry. I apologize profusely, but the time is just racing along. Little over an hour from now, it'll be baseball time, huh? Well, there'd be anybody listening. No, I heard the hopper day that they talking about the fact that when you follow Marlon's baseball, it didn't exactly like following- Damn, God is what he was saying. At least we leave a big audience there for Hank the two on you know, the Marlon's he comes in there for a clock or whatever time to ball game and like starting from scratch, like talking into an inner tube. I mean, just forget it. I'm laughing, I'm on it. I go on. I'm the next. Where in the world is Carmen San Diego? The kids dragged down the alusive San Diego to a hero in Saudi Arabia, where she has been selling teenage girls to a certain as sex waves. Play along as they follow the erotic clues to Carmen's whereabouts. We may be published broadcasting, but we know sweet when we see it. Exactly. 1143 at 5.60 WQM. I don't even have the chair. My ass don't even have the chair warmed up yet. And we're going to have to be in out here just a little over an hour from now. What a bitch. W2A, I'm hello. QAN. Yes, I'm Hollywood. Speaking. Yes, you're out of the show. I'm going to Hollywood, hello. Hey, Neil, what's up? How you doing, sir? At least, these boys' cubes complain about the spaceball game. Well, this is a perfect opportunity. Not going to fit down. You know, they're like load up a baseball to anger. Oh, don't let it out. Don't let it out. That's what they're going to do. I mean, that's ridiculous. Why don't they just go back and take the country in. They found that baseball. If I be Kennedy, you left on the desk, you know? And they're going to nail his hands with him. Hey, that's fine. I'm going to stick that baseball right in for the L's. Back to him. There you go. By the line drive right in there. There you go. OK. Jack, we're going to have Joe D for one more hit. Come on, Joe. One for the Gipper. 560, 505, 50, 50, pong, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. WQA, I'm hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? OK, sir. I'm talking about Glidden Alcers. They have a therese Lion. It's pretty good with the hockey. Pretty good. I mean, he's up there pretty good enough to do anything. Mike Lane? Yes, sir. One of the all-time best. What do you mean, pretty good? Pretty good. No, he's not pretty good. He's great. You think he's better in Doc Amherick? Then Doc Amherick, are you your comparison? Mike Amherick with Mike Lane? I'm just asking, no. Of course he's better than Doc Amherick. Are you kidding me? Sir? No, not me. Are you serious when you say that? I was. No comparison. No context. Thank you. Mike Lane is gone. OK. No Joe Bowlin, but he's great. You know Rick and Jenna Red. By the way, you guys watching an empire that fan thing on your small dish? No. There is a good stuff. I mean, they cover all this stuff like a blanket. You get some real information there. Unlike the craft that we get on our networks here. Oh, boy. What a joke. And Buffalo is hardly what you call your major market. You know, anybody see their basketball team lately? No. Or their major league baseball team? No. Of course not, because they don't have one. A million people, Metro Buffalo, it's hardly been nevertheless. They do a great job on there. We need to give you some good information. They get good calls from people that really know what sports is all about. And then you turn on this station during this port shows. And here, you think Lee Bancan would 60 games this year? Yeah, that's what we got. A very young Florida Gator team. Click. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I just hold it for Neil. Speaking. Hey, Neil, how are you? Great. I have a question. Bill Drake from Out Loud. Remember that clip? Yeah. I was just wondering if you could play that Out Loud clip. Do we have? How old are you? Is that it? That's the war. There you go. How do you like that for service, huh? So, athletic. And George said you're welcome. Thank you. Okay. What were did that come from? That's in the thing there. In here? Yeah. Out Loud? Out under Owl. How do you spell that? Oh, W. How you know? How you know? How you know? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, god. All those shows pretty much gone off of there, now. They gave us the double-way me, that very killer. What a, oh, what an experience that was. That was a real learning experience. It was. I don't ever do it again. But we took the money. Thank you. 560, 550, 50, 50, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T Warless line. WQAM. Oh, boy. WQAM. Hello. Hi. That's the new Roger Schelf. Speaking. Can we start the lighting around again? WQAM. Hello. How you doing, sir? I got two jobs for you. Yeah. I told this. I'm a suitant for that present. Is that a middle? Mail, detail, man. Yes. They're like catering. All sorts of things. Yeah. Okay. So in other words, if you're a little bit too old, you're going to be doing a survey to make sure. Because up until now, these people were all deeply closeted. Like hairdressers. Right? Like waders? Is there a suit on your fly? WQAM. Hello. Joyce. I'm speaking. All right, Neil. I truck driver steerless. I already got a chair. Thank you. I like the way he said that. Do you know what I'm saying? I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. I'm saying that. Joyce, let me speak. I don't like the way he said that. You know, like pushy, pushy from New York. Get it all day long. And put, I don't like that. You're like, say, hey, because he thought it was you. He's, hey, George, how you doing? I'm going to call him from somewhere. Let me talk, you know, nothing. Joyce, let me speak. That like right away. And he got on right away. Don't put me, you know, what's wrong with you, sir? Do you know what I can hear? There's still planes going in New York. You're still buses. Cop on the metro rail. It might take you up as far as you can go. And that's all truck. We got truck drivers. And of course, there aren't no game mail truck drivers. They're just lonely guys. See, and that's the right there. And he bunks you were old. Do you have tried to take this for years. You will not listen. They're not straight. It's that scaling. And they're lonely. You don't see to understand. How about, huh, all right. I'll give you one better net. Who's that with this hit in the doorway? Carlos. What's that? What kind of a schmoth is that? You got on your head for Christ's sake. Jesus Christ. What is that? Yeah, Carlos. What do you have to get? You know, he's just checking on the spot. One of your pre-recorded lives that they have to plan to get. There's still doing that. There's still running free cars. The live spot in ball games for people at Boston. You know, Roger show and they're doing the bait and switch. And running their spots and exhibition. Marling games that nobody's listening to. They're doing that. Oh, my God. So anyway, getting back to the truck drivers. How about give me a better one than that. Guys in prison. Right. Facts. The lot of them. Oh, they're all fags. They're all fags. Okay, here you go. George Rodriguez says, all those guys in there doing each other doing an nasty. They're all fags. Right. Oh. Every last one of them. Great guys. Don't commit crimes. Only cry. How's that go? WQA and hello. I'm going to show you the spot. I'm going to show you the spot. I'm going to show you the spot. WQA and hello. QA and. WQA and hello. Yes, sir. Just a quick question. You're always complaining about. No, never complain. Never complain. No, okay. Your mother taught me that. You're discussing the problems with your equipment and your phones. Yeah. That's right. If I didn't even today, George is phone doesn't work with a crap in there. That's right. Exactly. My question is to you. You send a bank out to last week. I don't send any. I don't send any. Okay. Okay. I need the radio station. Okay. The radio station sends him all over the place. Right. Right. I'll get a call. I'm going to call. I'm going to call. Right. That's right. Why don't they just. I mean, you're a member of one person on that show. Because they're. Sir, I'll give you the answer. There is. Sir, let me get it. Get it. I'll give you the answer. Because you're rude and you keep interrupting me. Because there is no commitment to this show. I've said, I say, and you said, I'm always complaining because of that fact. When we were downstairs on the second floor, there was no commitment. Now they're working with all the rest. There's still no commitment. And I asked George this morning about the thing with the phone lines about with his broken phone and it all well. It's on a ticket with the phone come to the other way. On the list of them to do things someday. They think it around. Real radio stations don't sit back for that. Because this has to do with our livelihood. This has to be a priority. Real program directors and real engineers and real management people don't take that for an answer from Southern Belarus anybody else. They say, we you need to be in here now. Because this is impeding our ability to business and believe me with the right kind of implied threats they show up in a hurry, which you discovered. But that doesn't happen here. Because there's no commitment to excellence. There's no commitment. I don't know. I have no idea what that's all about. I was thinking about that the other day. He was mentioning that he you know he's going to these it's yours which is fine. We got a I'll you know that doesn't cost the same thing over there. Maybe we make money. I don't know. We make bread on that. But now he's going over to the final four in Tampa tomorrow for the next four days. Next Friday and Monday. And yes, that's cost money. There's expensive and I don't be right. Hack anything. I mean all the you know strippers he can get in mom's penis. Whatever. Yeah, what is going on all the meals at Bernstake House more power to them. No problem with that. But if you're going if you're going to lay out that kind of bread to do these things then how come line I make a commitment like when he didn't have a phone in the studio and there for the other. That's just for us for the whole sports station. They didn't have a guy named telephone in the studio to communicate with the outside world and with each other. Didn't have a dump button for the honor talent in the talk studio for the sports there shows. I mean what didn't. All of these things like I said still don't. Isn't that pathetic. And that's why I go on here and do these things because you'll notice after a while after I scream lot enough and even with then there's an embarrassment factor. I know that comes this shock, but even with then eventually tough gets his desk. I don't have to pay for it eventually they get their small dish. I don't have to pay for it. But when I threaten the pay for stuff, it's like you're putting a big spotlight on how cheap Greg read and the beesleys are and how you're doing. And then they try to run this operation giving us nothing to work with. Okay guys make magic make us a lot of money. Here you go like you wind up a doll and you know turn it loose. Seriously that's their concept of doing these shows is like winding up in a alarm clock and letting it slide like you know winding up that thing with the. Those little things that those guys may for us. You know what I'm talking to the walking penis guys right. Just wind them up and let them a scooter brinja. And we're the ones are getting the screwing that's the bad part and we even feel good. Because we got a real real real cheatscape run in this joint and you know here I don't know if he is a cheatscape. I really don't know what I think he is is basically a figurehead. A wannabe like I said before not a bad guy, but a wannabe the cheatscape are the beesleys over there in Naples and you know when some of that's why the day that Hank was on there sucking their ass. It just made me nauseous. I don't care how many concerts they watch together. I don't care what nice guys they work for what tasty old Austin versus they were wearing in a guy named Skybox. I'm sorry these are not business people. These are these are fraud or from the business people from hell. Pay their bills whatever to get around. Do you get your bonus check by the way George? No. Did I get my money for the Panthers for my down payment on the playoff tickets? I get that this on this check. No. Employ the month. Did you get it? No. Say it again. No. No. No. This is the way they do things and that's why I go on here and scream like Vladimir because I'm not going to be just a suckling like most of these other wimps that work in his place. I like I said if I had some support around here instead of a bunch of people I want to suck ass and suck ass. The deal is they pay you a lot of money. It's only because they agreed to it in the contract. Not because they want to because they had a pay of that amount in way to get you to work here to bring in all of money that makes them a profit. I like the ball games that they're losing their ass on. Like the one that's going to be on the ear and less than an hour. That they're losing their ass on. Which is why they're in court with a big thing going on with Wayne and this one. That's why all that's going on. Want to buy any Marlin spots? No. No. WQAM. Hello. Did they have a big semester of a year? Speaking sir. This is Mr. Rogers. I'm sure you show very much. Yes sir. Thank you. I have two more for you. Did you achieve? What is it? I have two more for you. Did you achieve? And the mummers. And then. Okay. Do you say the Hummer? The Hummers. Okay. Where are we going next? I guess anyone we want. WQAM. Hello. George. Yes. Hey. What's going on? I don't have the Neo. Okay. Where are you from? I'm calling from the mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Okay. Let's go to a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Mr. Rogers. Yes. How are you doing? First I wanted to say baseball, really sucks. I'm so cool. And the ultimate gauge job are use car salesmen because they like to get you in the ass. All right. Okay. What are you saying? I don't want something like that. They're beautiful. Aren't they? Are they beautiful or what? Yes they are. 12. 12. 55. Correct. For the morning. Oh, so I love him 55. Come back. We don't want to be late for that ball game. Do we? No. Don't want to step on the toes of Jo Lang. I like Jo Lang. They have a Brian Olojo Fraster. He loves that one day. He'll stop at that John Miller. Ripper, property. Will he ever do that? No. He won't. He loves me, by the way. Do I angel loves this show? Ever since I said his kid was cute the one that's on saving whatever the choice. I don't even know what kid is his kid. But I just said that to make him nervous. Oh, his son is on like saved by the ball. He's a part 85. You know, well, I've a channel box. So stupid. So it's because most of the kids are are anyway. But I made some comment he thought I was serious. And then Dave will Brian's a good guy. Oh. There's a really good guy. Dave will Brian. He's the real star of Marlon's baseball. And Luke Schabby, who's good on the year when he's the baseball games. It's just got stuck. Yeah, it's one thing for me, eating on the year during a talk show. But eating on the year during a baseball broadcast. Do you have it? If you've bought it or started a food. And here's a pig. Yeah. And he come on, though. That's that disgusting. You know, I guess there's a lot of spitters when he's calling to play by play. Or maybe he's doing all the spitting. Did I say four till noon at 5.60 WQM. In fact, how about lighting up a good cigar when you're down there at the ball. You know, that's a good idea, boo. And no calories. Give you something or old, do you know, fixate you during those hours when you're not sucking all the food down, huh? Get you a great cigar from their friends at Nixon Garz. In fact, I was over talking to my good, close personal friend Richard Antony yesterday. My one of my attorneys. Every year I have to go see him do my corporate to work to give the state a few bucks. And Richard's a big cigar, lover. I said, hey, he handed me a maconudo. I said, you know, I'll smoke it only because you give it to me for free and it's nice. But I got a sponsor next. That's great. The best. I said, why not get you some cigar. In fact, maybe we'll get Richard some cigar. And we'll keep that. Tell John Pena's we want a box of good mild cigars for Richard Antony and stop smoking so many by the way. Richard, I'd like to keep her around her under there three years anyway. So how gay do you want to look today? Pretty gay, like, flipping, waving gay. Just, being gay. No, like, really gay. Great. Lean back. How gay do you want to look today? I'm a gay cut. So, no, give you the perfect hairdo to suit your alternative style. You're with a Tarshi being looks thing or the two layers thing around the back. No matter how gay you are, gay cuts can fit your style. And don't forget to ask about our new specialty cuts too. From bat shading to cratch shading. Gay cuts will do it all. Yeah. The first and just tapes my hairy ass. If you could do something about that, we both feel really happy. Just spend over and say, I'm looose for me. Gay cuts. How gay do you want to look today? How gay you are. And burlin' or some more brainy old, how do you see the beauty? Hey, that much hair for that ed burlin' or huh? Oh, Jesus, that's a classic. That's an all time don't ever lose that. No, it's all the comment we had about that. See, if we were working in a place where the people were involved, where they were like, you know, everybody in their brother would have said, oh my god, that ed burlin' or thing was hysterical, right? And instead of that, they want to hear that stupid interview that Hank did with real carc, over and over again, you know? Everybody in the building, oh, you've played that again, please. Who want to hear that? Okay. Hank don't like it, we'll play it. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am speaking. Hey, me, all right. Great. And just had a really strong coming in. No, I just, I don't know how you do it. I mean, every time I turn on your show, keep her calling you to find out, you know, from you, well, what is there to do and so forth? I mean, like, what is there to do with it? When they go somewhere, you know, I think that's exactly how it goes. Exactly. Look at me. What is there to do at, you know, some go into Rome. Can you recommend the good restaurant and Rome? I mean, every time I listen to it, I'm going to say, I'm going to recommend a good sex shop over there. I mean, I'm just curious, you know, just walk around, open up your eyes and sniff the pansies, you know, sniff the dandelion. Yeah, but that's what we've funded here when people just ask you those moronic stuff. But if you've got to understand, sir, you're dealing in a place where the people are extremely peroky or late, in other words, no matter what it is, they don't know from it. So, I'm doing a great public service by at least getting them on a plane and going somewhere and making them realize there's a real world out there somewhere. And the same thing. You're right. Can I call somebody a douchebag? Yes, sir. Those from undercanger, douchebag. All right, see you, pal. Have a great life. There you go. There was a call. There was a good call. Short, sweet. He actually had something to say. Did his douchebag good? Let's hear it for this guy. I told you, you go through 6,700 calls. You might get a couple of it. Okay. Like that bitch from Phoenix to Fat Cal. How the care of you? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pond. That was great. I hope she's listening on the audio. You went out again today. By the way, special high to all our friends listening on the audio net and all the ships had seen from coast to coast. The low Canada and hockey fans in the United States and a special overall Canadian servicemen overseas, especially over there in Kosovo. Right, foster foster wake up already. Christ, the least they're falling like a rock. Harold Ballard and foster wake up before it's too late before we hit rock bottom. 8 to 5 to the lowest scoring team in league. San Jose, last one was an empty metherb by the way. Oh my God, what is happening to my leaves, huh? 3, alright. WQAM, hello. Hey, you also go. Okay, sir. I almost a couple of weeks ago, you were bringing out a car too. Is that a deposit? Yeah. I got two for you. Do you recall well in a while? I had a credit money, an elmer fund, I don't know if you're going to do that. If I do what? If you use that already, it's going to call that up. You don't. If you don't, it's going to call that up. You don't. WQAM, hello. a little louder sound. I'm a little louder. WQAM. Hi, let me get you. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. You can't hear your speak up. Speaking that thing with the holes in it. And then try to phone after that. If you ever get your arm, a straight guy together. The straight guy goes gay after the one joint or three drinks. Uh-huh. Okay, also stop for the weathermen. Yeah, we got that list. Oh, too long list too, by the way. To begin to use the tomorrow and Monday. The weather furries boy, we got a lot of mehren time. Except of course for Don. No. And Bob Weaver and Bob Soper. Anybody else? Well, we just don't. We just don't. No. Bob Don, no, by the way. Bob Weaver is a great guy. My good friend Bob Weaver. What's he on about three in the morning now? And let me tell you again Tony Sigaretto and Jennifer sloppy philosophy. They're got to be picked up in limousines to you know, how come that was a news story in both newspapers? That's still on there. Oh, they broke ground in Mirawar for the new WTVJ student. Like that's like that's a story. When we when we moved QAM from Sheridan Street from the toilet, when all the guys moved over to this building, we moved from the second of the third floor. Was that in the papers? No. No. No. They haven't even built it. Just broke ground for that thing. So what's the big deal, okay? Channel six used to be Channel four used to be great. With that silly ass Tony Sigaretto on there who wants to be picked up in a little and brought to work in back. We should arrange. We know some limo people. Huh? We should arrange for his ass to be picked up in limo. Oh, see him no more. He'll be like Paulie in the godfather. We'll see him no more. Oh, yeah, exterminator. Don't say that. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, what's up? You know, speaking sir. Yeah. Yes. Don't apologize for Marlin. Because golf is better than fat Hank. Oh, that was bad. That was so bad, sir. It's better. If we didn't have the ball game, Hank would probably be out of the golf tournament, but you could have the best of both worlds. What's your problem, pal? Don't be knocking Hank, okay? It's all wrong with you. There's been a lot of stress and a lot of strain. I'm trying to get him back on the healthy road. I recover. He's at the doctor book. Dr. Bernstein. And would an olive oil on the feet? And you've been to several places for spring train. Come on, cut it out. WQAM. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. It's a lot of good aim. Look at an astersea. I understand how a lot of astersea is. Hey, happy pace off by the way to all our yield loss out there. And happy Easter to all of our glam. What is it for Easter? It just Easter eggs and Easter candies. The way to the else that I'm missing out. Tony Crowns. What else? What else goes on in Easter times for us? Cool. I'm not talking about the, I don't want to nail that though. I'm just talking about like culinary. You know, like the good Jewish holidays. Then have to do with food and wine. You know, pass the wine. I can't even have a chef at Spavy. Huh? See, that's where you go in your holidays. They're boring. Always this, you know, very, well, except the course when you get to Christmas with the gifts. You know, ripped off that Hanukkah stuff. Which came first by the way, Hanukkah or Christmas. That's our poll question. Who's copying who? Who had the Yarmuka first, huh? Oh, I write my case. Not that freaking Pope with that silly dress. And by the way, even as bad as, I'll tell you one thing. The house seat room. You thought they were the worst dresses in the world. Wrong. But people in the Vatican. Make the house seat room look like, like they worked for a Johnny Versace. How's he doing by the way? How's that, uh, dove doing? Huh? That was the problem with Johnny. He dropped the dove. Right there on the steps. It's the nine minutes after noon. And you're like a sibling that happened. Who cared? You know, I mean, I didn't expect anybody gets murdered like that. Although he was, well, he was in the bad shape. But it's bad. I'm not saying that that was good. But why was that so big? Simist, except for the artsy, farty crowd been. Or at the ocean drive people. The people on South Beach. Did you ever hear it? Did you know who he was? Just as a clothing designer. Right. You know, we know George you are money, but do we know where he lives? No, no. We don't Calvin Klein. Well. Like I said, put him on a list. Now, what's wrong with those Calvin Klein? You see, again, I go back to that oven over and over again. That's the epitome of what's wrong with this country. And all the people in the media, the goodly two shoes, phoneies they lie through their teeth. Oh, yes, those ads were disgusting. Was they're sporting young children. And like I said at the time a few weeks ago, they had little kids in underwear and a guy named Sears catalog 50 years ago. And nobody got hysterical about that. There's nothing sexual about little kids in underwear except for perverts who are the one screaming the loudest. That was wrong with those people. Christ, Almighty. 10 is past noon at 5. 60 QM or only 40 minutes away from Marlin's baseball. God dang it. 13 at 5. 60 WQAM. Don't forget tune back in. Check back what is it for. Hank will be here for musherlistic too. Gotta give them all helping get after Marlin's baseball. We'll be off the air for about three hours or so. 1215 till 4 o'clock. Marlin's in the Cardinals. Where's that game? By the way. Cardinals. I guess that's up in Vera. Oh, well. How about you QAM? Hello. I need a how are you? Okay. Just driving by and bokeh the Rascal house and boy, what do you know? Boy. Another ambulance pulls up. Boy. They're dropping like flies over there. Boy. And another thing get rid of scalding. He's terminal. Okay. Thank you. Oh boy. Poor guilty man. They're picking on guilty today. You know after they heard him say, hey, that's your good looking guy. That kind of like did it for him. WQAM. Hello. Hey. Normal life person. What is it? I said normal person. That's optimal. Normal person. All right. Here's the first one this week. I'm doing pretty good. Where's George today? George is opening mail in the other. We see him. Yeah. He's popping wood in the other room. Not that plastic. It's not to hold those. No. All right. I won't worry about them. But anyway. I just got three things for Neil. Okay. I'm coming on the. The V.A. A career group. Yeah. This is a mobile in more water now. Oh, let's go to a mobile for a lot of deal. Hello. Oh, hello. Cool. I know George is popping in the other room. Yeah. Right. Okay. Great. Number one. Hey, got real. Okay. Computer hump desk. Help help help desk. Computer health desk. Help us in HELF. Computer health desk. Yeah. You call them for computer support. Okay. Okay. I don't remember what that is, but I'll figure it out. Okay. Oh, you mean like a computer like a. Technology. I'll be right. Okay. Right. I'm going to get a problem. Number two is a good Catholic. Sorry. In Mary 3 times in the Catholic church is in my girlfriend that she's living in living without grace. They're not fact in the church. Yeah. She'd probably like to be living with grace. Mark. Yeah. Mark or probably Father Grace. Well, will grace. Yeah. Yeah. And if I come up with $3,000 a. Great. Right. $3,000 a. I can be absolved from my son. Oh, yeah. There you go. Yeah. Well, Mark is the price is right. Go for it. And good luck to you sir. God bless you. What you complaining about is a business. Okay. If you're going to be in business. You got to make a. Oh, I don't know. How do I do? The power price to pay you. The power price to pay you. The power price to pay you. The power price to pay you. The power price to pay you. Oh, the power price to pay you. Wow. How's Reagan doing, by the way? No, I didn't mean Ronald. Okay. So by the way, somebody did call in. And what was the mother's name? The actress. Uh, we did write it down. Yeah. We actually wrote something. Chris. That's good enough. That was their first name. That was Linda Blair's mother. We know the actress. Okay. Which I forgot already. Ellen. Ellen. And you know that. She's. She's. She's. But we know that. She's. But we know that. But the last name is unimportant. And it was Reagan. Linda Blair was Reagan. And I guess when she spent her head around like that, that's when she lost her memory too. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm talking to you. Speaking. Yeah, I got to for your list. Well, this list is just, well, it's bulging all over man. Can't everybody has been joining in on this. Yeah. Yeah, we got that one. And what about our gourmet chef? Gromace. And I got a shame as a request. And you say that bit with the, did you make you guys get the who we're out the moonman? That bit, is that a bit? Yeah. You mean get the Hoover out the moonman? Okay. I never read like so. Well, that was easy. That was short quick and sweet. 5 670. Oh, my god. We're 30. Three minutes. So until baseball time. Wow. Oh, man. I feel this strange bizarre. Welling up in my inner. Just thinking about Marlins baseball. Wow. Woo. Heavy. duty. Can't help it, man. It's part of the deal. It's part of our, and of course, do we have the regular season schedule yet? No. For the month. Oh, and by the way, I'm sure glad I fumbled my way and remembering this. Do we have our Marlins season tickets yet? No. Those of us who are supposed to have them, like yours truly and my famous attorney, Norma Can't have. No. Has this joint provide? I mean, today is already the 25th of March. What days of regular season start? Isn't it about the eight or ten days? Yeah. It's just a few days, man. Because I know we got our last exhibition game. Ah, please. April 2. No. That's the last exhibition game is April 2. That's what you were asking. No, no. I said, when's the regular season start? Oh, I don't know. You must be just like a couple of days after that. I would imagine that those Marlins regular season tickets are all over the place we have Are you at? No. George Hammond's employee of the month checks for $200 yet? No. And there goes round and around. And you see, you think that I'm a Malcolm, then I'm on a happy camper. Okay. I'm just a mild mannered like Clark Kent and I got the glasses to prove it. Okay. But when people up here on your parade, you can't sit back and be up. Push you all your life. You got to open up your mouth and speak out. Hey, stop it. I'll take crap from these back. Just don't let them pay you whatever they get around. Wouldn't feel like it. That's why they got money to buy those damn tree pieces of goodwill. Because they're using that money where they could have been paying us. We just think they got that big family dumpster they all sleep in at night. Behind goodwill. WQAM, hello. You only go away with the Hase and brother and sister. What is this? Is that rich and hang brother and sister unrelated? No, they're not related. WQAM, hello. You know, I was going to call up Hank and ask him these personal questions. I'm sure I'll be delighted to hang up on you. Yes, sir. Well, just picking me up cold is kind of a strange thing. I'm not going to pick up cold. When the only expected. I'm trying to see one thing though. Whatever mention about your list. It just keeps growing and growing. It keeps getting bigger, man. It's like we're finding it gigantic. It's like a runaway snake. Any man that works with cabbage getting bigger. Yeah. Like an appolster or like drapeery guys. Right. Oh, my goodness. You got to walk around. Yeah. Anyway, it's interesting what we should have done a subdivide. Because they're like lumberjacks, truck drivers. These are like your macho queen. You don't say these are macho gay guys. Right. Athletes, people like that. Yeah. And there's also like interior decorators. And what you're talking about tend to be like a little more flavors. Yeah, a little bit, you know, they're kind of a lean skinny kind of, you know. You know, we're just a little weak looking guy. Well, I'll tell you know, the way it is. That's right. So, can't I'll be macho like a guilty, you know. Also, do I hear you correctly yesterday, or was it the day before I can't remember? You're saying something that there was evidence that Jerry Fowell had paid out something like $200,000 over the last. Right. You're very, very likely to make up stories about Clinton right. Just like Susan like, a duglier today testified that her husband was trying to coercer and a testifying, making up that she slept with Clinton and all these other stories, all these things right. Isn't there anything that can be done? I mean, it's for nothing to be done. Because I mean, you doesn't care about this. All I mean, you care about is, you know, John Beney and Tom Snyder is going to do his life interview. That's all, you know, who's a stiff to the Oscars and who paid off to get, you know, the Shakespeare movie, the Academy Awards. That's all they care about. I mean, all these ridiculous little conspiracies to try and, you know, make things look bad. He's kind of, am I doing it himself? I don't understand. The media is scared, crapless of religion. Anybody connected with religion. Even suit our religion is their scared like crap. So they put them all on Larry King so we can suck their ass. And then they make them look like legitimate people, you know, like legitimate business guys. Now, I'm definitely sick of a meal. I'm tired of a meal. I've had enough of my goddamn ideas. Have a great day. Thanks Bill. It's coming out of my back home when I religious horse manure. Oh, but you were understant the end of coming to Millennium. Yeah, yeah, right. Just get that newsweek with a picture of Yosuke on the cover there and read that stuff about all that. How was all written years and years after he died. Hand me done. Just imagine what they would be talking about the Kennedy assassination. If we didn't have TV, we didn't have the reporter film. We didn't have Lee Harvey Oswald getting shot by Jack Ruby on table. I got live on NBC myself. And we saw that. We still don't know the answer. How do you like that? But just miraculously, all these, all these maniacs decided, let's invent another religion. Okay, it's good business and everything is said, oh, okay, sure. Whatever you say, like in the Godfather. Oh, yeah, whatever you say, sure. I didn't know no Godfather. But whatever you say, that's what Frankie Pentangely said. W2AM, hello. Okay, first I've got something for your list. Oh, my God. I don't think I've ever picked you up cool before did I? No. Oh, it's a horrible movie. It's scary. If you really want to help a bee tank. If I want to help one, oh, bee tank. I had Hank, yeah. You had a book called Fork to Learn's of Healing by Leo Goward. I kind of the best book going. I got in the diabetes book by Dr. Richard Bernstein, diabetes, a solution. It's the best book in the world for diabetics. You're finding something other than eating with all of us. Right, I'm rubbing it. Okay. Listen, I've got one. And guess what? I'm not the one with your own chat either. I haven't said that for years. Yeah, I'm not talking about the one I'm your shoulders. Listen, one, I want to add one in the left. Yeah. Nobody's brought it up. What's the cleaning service? Oh, Paul Clay, the amazing part of this. My Paul Moncliffe. He's a straight as an arrow, but of course he's a... He's a lost man, you know. If you're going to come to my ass, my house, with your ass hanging out of the least straight to hair off your ass. Have a good day. And I'm not coming to your house with or without my ass hanging out. How do you like that? There was no farmer who lived on your eyes. He's adding the men who just said he's dead. Some boys who were down by the prison. There being the water. There ends on their marbles and play things. And had half past four. Their table, young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and leaps. And then white-floppy duck. She said she was learning the new way to bring up her children. So they would not spit. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling. And you send their from yesterday's hunt. While the girls in the middle was rubbing her eye net the fellow. Down by the duck. He looked like a man with a size of a hole in the country. Will a big fence out front? If he had to phone like these, she showed him her nests. So pet dog who was subject to spit. And maybe she'd land him grab hold of her small tender. And with the movement so quick. And then she bent over and sucked out his candy. So tamed to you made a butter sky. And then he spread with cream all over her cookie. That she had left out on her shelf. If they insist there, these you can go to yourself. Yeah. 27 at 5.60 WQAM. Yes, he George is getting all these. I don't want to talk about it on the air, but I'm going to anyway. Because his phone doesn't work in air. And we get calls from like the colleague and then our good close personal friend. They're supplying water all the people in the building. Even the people that are ripping me on the air in the morning. By the way, I know it's stuck in up to free water. In fact, they're the ones that are drinking it. Because we got our own free water in here from South California. And so they water. So how do you like that? And we don't mind sharing it all with anybody on this end of the building with our friends. And even them in the morning. But we can't do any business because the phone is broken in there. And the only answer we get from our broken down program to record is, you know, like, yeah. Yeah. For our general manager, what are you going to do about a Greg? Yeah. And our chief engineer, how are we going to get these things fixed to George? Yeah. Yeah. And that audio vault that keeps screwing up all day in here. What are we going to do about that? Yeah. Yeah. God. And you wonder why carry on about these things like some kind of a pixel in child. Not because I want them to be this way. I would like to work in paradise for a couple of days and believe me. This ain't it. Just for a couple of days. I don't expect perfection just like a little attempt to do things right? Yeah. Yeah. WC. Somebody QAM. Hello. Yes sir. Two for your two for your two for your two. Oh my god. The list is growing and growing. It's not a controlling. Well, first of all, the shipmates. Shipmates. Yes. Of any kind. Yeah. That's why they go arm all the time. And the floor to violent. Okay. I say. Week. Five cents. Five six seven. Five six to be out only 20 minutes to go till that Marlins game. The Marlins and the San Luis Cardinals. Any interest whatsoever. No. No. The slightest. The most minute. I'm out of interest. Is there anybody out there? It's can name besides Cliff Lloyd. Anybody in the Alex Fernandes and leave on. Anybody on his team? No. Oh. And you know something. Now that I think about it. I don't think I could. How about what's that kid? And done what he. No. And I was in the team from the other day. What he grabber was back there. Said done what he scored scored. And now I'm still working on scored scored. That's it. We don't know anybody on that team. We don't want to know. I mean, don't take it personal. Guys, it's just that, you know, this is destroyed. They blew it up. And now people expect us to take an interest. No. Now we don't care. One of my name spots on those broadcasters. No. Are you pissed off about the fact that running my lives spots in there? And you guys are paying for it. When you're buying one thing and getting the sold another. Uh-huh. Yeah. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, you doing? Okay. John, like, worse. Yes, John. Uh, while you're heading to the list real quick, did you happen to put down the US attorney general? Good point. Okay. Also, any men. I would like to do what I put that on. You're going ahead. Any men that played a piano or all women basketball players? Yeah. We got the lady about a pianist. Yes. Okay. Well, if a pianist on the list. Okay. That's right. So to speak. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. 5, 6, 6, 6, 6. 5, 6. We must be some, huh? How about, like, conductors? Like, Leonard Bernstein. He was notorious. But we can out him now. I mean, everybody knows that. He said, dead. Huh? He was notorious. But we're actually, we're not too sure about. Uh-huh. I'll give you a straight, uh, piano guy was Victor Borga. Now, he was, like, more of a comedian. He kept threatening to play the piano. But he was afraid if he ever played it. That we think he was, you know. So we never really touch the keys. Did our same magician? Yes. WCWM. Hello. How are you, buddy? Okay, sure. Anybody bring up the story last night, 60 minutes ran? No. You may have heard about it over there. I was here. I was here with a rather seen 60 minutes. I was switching over. I can understand your story. It was weeks. It was terrible. Yeah. But anyway, 60 minutes did a piece on over an England about 50 years ago. Women who brought their children to the Catholic Church because they couldn't afford to have their kids sent off Shrelya without them knowing to build some gigantic church for the Christian brothers over there. Oh, right. All the boys, all they could talk about is how the priest would molest them over and over. They could get back in the church. Exactly. If you just saw it, you'd have been in tears. But just two more for your list. Postal workers? Yeah, we had that. You do? How about a women at work at Home Depot? No. No. No. And the tool department, no doubt. I didn't know they had women at work at Home Depot. What are we going to have out there by me? Which used to be, what was it in at Not Home Depot? Builder Square? Which went out of business? When I was in there looking for my toilet seat, did I find it? Oh, God. I got hemorrhage just walking around there. I had to cover so much territory about 85 acres just to get to where they used to have the toilet seats and they had about four of them left. And I think they were lucky for the outhouse in Hellendau or something. They were definitely not for my toilet. So thanks again to my good post personal friend out there that brought me the toilet seat that day. Or is it a mat? Huh? That was either a first name or something like that. WQAM. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes? Hey, I was thinking to hemorrhage. Yeah, that's the reason why I called. Right, Bob? Uh, anybody mentioned age doctors? Procologist? Yaman. I mean, I said they yesterday. It was early on the list. Yeah, my mind didn't look like much of a queer. Anything. But he really took his sweet ass time getting around. It was a really nice time to clear it with. Yeah, what do you find anything in there? Oh, yeah. Did he linger a little bit too long? Well, actually, did his finger linger a little bit too long? Well, his finger was lingering and his assistance was giving me the eye. Uh-huh. Well, at least it felt like I finger anyway. No, seriously, we were talking about that the other day and I never got a chance to mention on the ear when you shake hands with somebody. I don't know. But when you shake hands with a guy and his hand lingers a little bit too long. Do you know what I'm saying? That happens to me all the time. Like last night at the hockey game. I didn't happen last night. I met a lot of nice people. So a lot of people I've met before. It's said everyone's so on. Good to see you, Sean. But anyway, seriously, a lot of, you know, and there's some people you meet. Now, this happens very, very frequently. Maybe it's because, uh, I don't know. But they hold your hand a little bit too long. I don't, I don't go for that. I mean, if I hold your hand longer than you feel necessary, there's probably a message in there. And most of you, it won't happen. But, oh, seriously, I don't like that. Do you? No, I wouldn't be brought it up. The willys. I mean, it gives me the creeps when that happens. Same thing with hugs. Yeah, that's a no. Somebody will hug you and, you know, three months. I'll hug you. I'll tell you who hugged me that I never met before. And I hugged him because we felt like we knew each other. But the hug was like, uh, and I know he's a straight as an arrow. But, uh, it's TV power. You know, well, he, it's a Maria. He's Cuban. Is it a Cuban thing? Oh, they hug. No, he, but he's also half Jewish, right? Yeah. No, but seriously, I mean, I met him at a hockey game about four or five years ago. And I always talked about him on the ear and how good he used to look. Uh, I'm, you know, and we had him on the ear that day, memory came in. But, uh, boy, he hugged me and held on for a deal like, maybe I'm the other guy that'll hug him now. You know, after all the problems he said, it might be a. Well, why are you looking like that? I mean, he's a good guy. He's a good guy. I wish him nothing but the best. He's a good. He's had a problem. You know, those Hollywood people. They always have those problems of various kinds. Women problems, those problems. But he's a great guy. And God damn he used to look good. Okay, bossa, USA. 24 before a one, five, 60, W.C. W.A.M. so if you slept like a lousy last night, maybe one of the problems you got to be much, uh, alcohol and wrong places. Maybe we're sliding around on the sheets. Come on. That's not what you're supposed to put it Hank. Don't slide around on those sheets. It's a lie. I am not. I'm not saying. Twenty-two, one, it's five, 60, W.C. W.A.M. W.A.M. The pressure started to build. Either a key and lunch that earlier, maybe that volume. It's coming one or the other, maybe both. Wow. We are almost right on top of it, boys and girls. Marlins and lowest cardinales, man, from Viera. Up there, a road up the road to peace. Exhibition baseball right here in the middle of the day. Only QA-M has got the balls and the courage, the lack of intelligence, the lack of common sense, the lack of good business judgment, the lack of integrity to do a bait and switch with our sponsors and the audience, and put that swirl right on there in the middle of the day. W.C. W.A.M. Hello. Hi, I'm a big nail. Speaking, sir. Neil, I got two for you. All right. Is your list. Okay. Yeah. Number one, bag of Chandlers. Could they can handle my bag? Yeah. Any guy who owns a cat that's the only pussy they see. Okay. Excellent. Yeah. Guys that are in the cat certainly fags. Make no mistake about all those guys that work with dogs. Remember we got that yesterday? Like guys that work in veterinary and definitely most of them, Madaconeys. W.C. W.A.M. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going, man? Okay, sir. I think we'll meet at two. I don't know if I might have missed them, but definitely construction workers. Yeah. I've got it. Absolutely. And any guy that rolled up late. Okay. I got to go back to the construction site. Take care. Okay. Oh, and speaking of radius by the way. Remember our old friend, radians. We don't want you to call radius, but it just came to mind. You know, those great toothbrushes, which we used to have, I used to do spots for them. Remember for a very brief while. God, those are getting harder and harder to find. And I was in my favorite Walgreens boy. I told you they sure treated me right in there. Yes, the other day. Wow. Remember Dr. Mark called an description. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, Matt. So, what you know, I was out of there in a heartbeat. But I had a scour through their very pedestrian. They had eight million toothbrushes in there. And I found a radius. Those of them, I wish tell me could have that on the ear again. That's a great toothbrush. Only they even, they even make him for right handers and left handers. They do. What are you laughing about? I know. They make him on an angle. If you brush with your, I'm talking about brushing your teeth. I'm talking for Christ 6. And believe me, you don't necessarily brush your teeth with the same hand. You handle your goods with believe me. But, uh, and so I found one. And it was about the only one they had. Why? There is a really outstanding great product. Everybody should go out immediately if not solar. In fact, how come dentists all over America? All you dentists and all you hygienists are recommending. You know, in fact, the land, why was it the dentist the last week? So, she cleans my teeth and the THE and she hands me. A real thin, crest toothbrush, you know. That weighs like a quarter of an ounce. And I realized they bring in about 50,000 most for all the dentists officers. And they get them for nothing. But, Yeah, that's my question for all you dentists. Yeah, exactly. Including my good friend, Dr. Gary. Oh, my. Yeah, can you do it again? Why? Okay, 1242 at 5. 60, yes, she was tickled by that. WQA, and hello. QA, M. WQA, and hello. If we could go the whole season without the Marlin, the broadcast crew say good steep, steep, good steep, so still available. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I think the answer you're looking for, sir, is no. No chance. No way, Jose. Oh, look at this, we're coming up on it, baby. 1243, I see. I like it, not for me if I'm leaving town. You know, like when I let you do the 20 minutes, and I hop on a plane, I get out of here. But knowing that tomorrow is Friday, and I kind of come back, I resent that. Because it's costing us money. And it's taken away bitching time that I could be sitting here, screaming and yelling, and maybe embarrassing them at the beginning. You're phone fixed in there, and doing something about dollars, other, all these things. Well, I'll tell you, the best piece we got in the here is, eeeeeeeeeeeeeee. Because that's perfect. It took us 14 and a half months, almost 15 months to get that. But that's the definitive answer you get for any, any question. Are we going to get that phone fixed? Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. They're getting the dump button for the town in there in the sports studio. Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. But I guess that's a bone in that check for George for his employee of the month. Eh. How about that money for my playoff tickets for the fanters? Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. How about those marlin tickets, so season tickets for me and norm. Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. Yeah. And what kind of a shabuck comes to work with model? Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. But other than that, there you go, because it's the QAMF and wave, baby. Govgy QAM. Hello. Uh, goalie's go, and guilty boss. See what? what go he's go and tell he blows oh I couldn't yeah go leave go this is a good day for it sir nice timing eight to five to San Jose right there in the air Canada Center we're losing every day now home games road games on schedule games one good game they played in the last six weeks that was a jersey game Saturday even a couple of games we wanted they sliced them up in the media for playing so bad you know it's one thing to go through a little bit of a swollen but another thing to just you know you start getting a little bit nervous because we've had too many these false alarms in the past let's get back on the get back with it and by the way let's quit putting Mary Helien the net two last night seven goals we're empty and that or we don't count seven goals last night Mary and I saw some of the lowlights I could have stopped those and by the way Geldy no I wouldn't run away from a puck WQA M hello in fact I'm the guy to cut the baseball between my knees at the U of M but what does he know about him WQA M hello yeah yes sir hey okay you know I'm so discussed with the Panthers and in why is that because you've been right after the month well there's you run the organization into the ground everybody's making trades and we run out into the ground we had a cello last night it was a lot it's passed over at least you know there was it but every ticket was sold I don't want to a lot of empty seats compared to most games that place was jammed the product sucks though yeah I understand that but don't you understand they don't care about that as long as people keep showing up filling an ass in every seat they don't care obviously it's so damn expensive because you watch that crap right right I agree they got a mediocre team there's no question and again a lot of mistakes they made signing long-term Kirk Muller Garp and Loth all these this and we're stuck with them until we can either they either croaker we trade them or you know are their contract runs out and you know some of the well that project Chris Wells yeah and any other company Brian Murray would have been fired a year ago right and it's ridiculous well you know what the hell he doing up there he's just what you both guys every five minutes right right right okay yeah the Panther fans aren't too happy in case you guys in the organized and we still can't see here we are we only got a few home games left what did I tell you we get to the end of the seasons can we see that red light anymore that's north end of course no no I'm sorry oh oh can't see it I mean these are like I said basic rudimentary rudimentary elements rotor rudiment or it's almost that time I want to make sure I do this right I want to screw up that game I want to get Joe and Joe and Dave and especially that big fat booster pistach WQAM hello yeah Neil yes sir something's gotta go to top of the list you'll love the studies of the radio's the jiggle oh he got hooked up with the millionaire they come down here in the lady at a male housekeeper as well he was date the manager at public take a bother okay meaning well I have no idea no nice name what was your name see that's the sexiest remark the manager at public's about a bit of a young lady so I don't know what his guy's talking about does he know what he's talking about no WQAM hello anything I got one for the list yes concierge concierges concierges even the names down to get same name does sound very fair yeah hey and I I think I figured something out over here in four minors you know people were calling I have been calling constantly saying that you know you always get when he come back from a break you always get cut off the first ten seconds right oh maybe they don't understand seven second delay meaning what well meaning that you guys are on delay and maybe maybe they haven't figured that out yet okay you're following what he said course not no because they're what it is you don't know the difference between it a leg getting chopped off okay I mean if there any of you guys in four minors want to come over here we'll be glad to sure we're getting chopped off is all about oh that's all we're able to do today the father of the lady no I'm sure he doesn't want to go I think I'm sure the cell phone sounds too hard to read sports and he already that blows and the rest of us with life turn off the radio the part of the ball is far again and you think far the day is long and such a guy can't get it design proposals don't like to think and excited from recocking the thing the part of the boy no one gets a or death the entertainment the barley wants their payments contracture will agree with must be that despite the ratings if they have to pay the pay they buy the audience the brains are dead in parts of day ball I'll give all tonight is General Guide Lee has the sound of driving. ever much No, what is this? It's fun, it's a little trek rough with dirt based line. A very good one. Pick up by the dirt based line. Oh boy, don't pick it first. I'll take it first. But we're, uh, do I have to even time to say goodbye here today or what? Can I, uh, deal Roger show on 560. WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdat.