The Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. They're talking Neil called 566-0560 toll free for dating Broward, or count 560 on your cell ball. The opinions of Neil is guest callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, and be easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group. Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 566-08AM. Neil, you're so cute! It's Friday, you first good. Like a guy. She doesn't speak why. She makes me want to touch Christ. She's like a with of dick. I've loaded and I'll sleep back then. She wants a CD, I can stop her music. And Rippie Noren has kids on like this. But we find that I'm using Professor promoting ugly. How much were you gay? 4x3. 5-3. 5-3. I want you all to keep me alone. I can't believe you're doing this. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You know that those guys aren't making what you call a lot of money in this place. They're overpaying the engineers and they're only worked like 28 and 30 hours a day. How much do you expect them to do the impossible in a very minimal amount of time? You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You know, my dish when it first came out plus installation was almost 800 now. That's right. They'll do installation free. That's right. You got it for like 99 bucks or 150 bucks. You're a good guy. I didn't see it. I was at the track. I was at the track. I was at the track. I was at the track. I was at the track. I was at the track. I was at the track. I was at the track. So Philly has lost two in a row. Thanks a lot. Okay. There you go. We have an open line in date 560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We're watching there's Bob Franken who's been on CNN over and over and over again. These last 13 months going. Yeah. Come on Bob. He's Bob and for it. They're going to open it up again. And then they're going to be voting on article 1 article 2 and going to be voting. If you only question is it's not a question of if it's a question of how much is Bob Green would say. We'll put it right here live on a year. Think about lunch. Here's my name is spring. Hello. Yes. How are you doing? Great. It's about time. This team's going to win some games without Pavelov. I'll tell you that. Yeah. 17 shots. I didn't see that. I'm a little bit. I'm going to be making a big case for him and he's a sniper. Yeah. He's going to be a palpable. We got Peter. Linda trip. Tell me she's not the next. Yeah. So you have a whole question today. By the way, is there any heterosexual guy in this audience who would touch Linda trip with the thought of that? I would touch with your thing. I mean, if you could be horny, you could have been in prison for 15 years. And you wouldn't touch her. Like you said, would anybody else's? I think you'll throw a gun. Yes. I just found out a little while ago that I'm moving to Detroit. Yes. If I wanted to get a little dish, I know I'm getting one to see my Panther games. Which one is the best to get to Florida's Port Channel? Which system? The USSB? No, no. That's underrect TV. Your right-hand is only movies. Okay. Direct TV. Gotcha. And then you just take your dishes to get in your pocket and take a with you. Excellent. Okay. Good luck, Pavel. Thank you. Okay. There's a guy going to Detroit. I'm so sorry to hear that for his sake. We have an open line of data. I mean, years ago, boy, that was a place man. Pre-1967, then they had the riots and they weren't half the city down. And they, you know, they greeted down Tom Lovett. They had the rent a song. Did that ever make you come back? No. It's gotten worse and worse and worse. And you go back there and you look at the neighborhoods that we used to be. We're all the wealthy people used to live. And now, oh my god, like Palmer Park and Palmer Woods. And you say this can't possibly be like this. This is a gigantic slum or a millionaires used to live. But anyway, he's going, we're not. 560, 560, 560, and here by the way, Jeff Greenfield, here was a man perfect for CNN. Because they don't want to be accused of being, you know, like one sided. So they got a guy on it who's like their resident, her husband who says absolutely nothing. Words, they'll seriously, words come out of his mouth. But he says absolutely nothing. Well, maybe this and maybe that. And he's like just Casper Milcos. I mean, he just absolutely doesn't really say much of anything. Jeff Greenfield, embarrassing. And there's that Frank says no, who's still disgusted by the, oh, by the filth of this whole thing. And that dress and the, oh, and a seamen thing. Yeah, yuck. Let's see, where we going, here's a mobile in the bokeh. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm real happy, you know, that this, you kind of hearing her ending out. Now, clicking it back to the real business of America. Yeah, you know, like screw in his real, mace-yating, the military action, the pissed out everybody, expanding the welfare state. No, yeah. Filming our money on it. No, not, not of the above, not of the above, which is dumb. But I'm glad you got some of that. You're just okay. None of the above, which he's done. He hasn't expanded the welfare state. But anyway, to open by and by the way, as far as the Middle East is concerned, how many peace, how many peace trees we had? Like 500 since it lasted 20, 30 years. Uh-huh. Is it ever going to mean anything? Oh, so I forget about it. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60. And if there's one of the 30 percent, there's one of the imlovable and tractable 30 percent. If Clinton knocked out his door right now and had a million dollars in small bills in cash, he'd still, you know, he'd say, thank you. Wouldn't even say thank you. We just say, he's an asshole. Are you taking anyway? I mean, you're in time of the opinion, man. But quite frankly, you're full of crap. Now I'm in a chapter 11 of QA, Mark. Don't be too powerful, Paul. As brothers and cute are for the right. You're like a soccer-friendly, old-served strike. You're a split in eight and you find anything. Like Clinton who lies in in these wings. What's your problem, Chan? It's all yours. Don't you think you've got to find? No. Everybody, thank you, Paul. Like Joseph McCardee. If you know that Joseph McCardee was gay. It's the kind of life he can accept he never paid. He kept right close, most by his eyes. A journey got by your control can die. What's your problem, Chan? He's still... That Edward's arrow is gone. He would wanna take you on. Like Joseph McCardee. Free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free! Come on, 15 at 560. We have an open line. Both of Brian's the best by the way. Just thought I would be there. Open line in Broward, 560 and Pomp, 160. On the 18D Writers line. Okay, there we are at the White House. Not gonna chat in Puppah, Puppah, Puppah, Puppah. Everybody is in Bruttle's anticipation. We just had Wolf Wolf's Greegon there. And now we got this putt whacker on again. Here's Miami, hello. Okay, we got it. Thank you. We got it. You got it? Here's Miami, hello. That was good. Was that good? That was great. They're posk, you know. See, you people don't have your priorities right. Whatever she's got there unless it was Dick Clark and Ed McMan or some other Dick Knock-on on the door with a 10-million dollar check. Your priorities are all screwed up sweetheart. Get back with it. Two open lines a day, 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50. And you notice by the way that that bitch, now you know she's listing. What a call there yesterday. And then tried to call a second time. You know, damn well, she's listing. She couldn't turn it off if you all are gunner-warehead. But she won't call back because she can't explain what she's all upset about. And I just keep wondering, what is wrong with the humorless women in this town? Why are there so many? Prissy, uptight, humorless bitches in this town? Oh, well, my, my, my girlfriend, she just hates you. Why? What is it that she can't stand? What can't she handle? Is she some kind of a simpleing, Twitter, is that it? Twitter, I said. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. You know, if you take Linda trip and you rearrange the words, you get big fat smelly bitch. Yeah. And I want to know since you're a movie buff, who would you cast in this movie that's going to come out with the main characters? I can't be, can be, can be, can be, can be, can be Linda trip. Yeah, I only got, Natalie from the facts of life playing, play Monica Lewinsky. Yeah. But I just want to see your opinion on that. Thanks, like, okay, I have a great life. You said, you know, candy crawly from CNN. She's big enough to be Linda. We have two open lines in date, five, six, seven, five, six, six, the in town five, six, the on the AT&T, where I'll just let, let's get the show on the road up there and D.C. for Christ's sake. Let's get with it. These guys got planes to catch today and hopefully for them not on American. Here's for a lot of deal, hello. Hi, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. I think after today, I, uh, this February 12 should be named, uh, be a holiday. Billy, Billy gets off day. Yeah. Don't you think? Squared squared. And as far as anybody that feels sorry for that bitch, Monica Lewinsky. How can anybody in their right mind say that she, her wife is ruined? That's fucking bitch. She, she's been more money since this is started than I probably will make in the next 20 years. I just can't stand up so that's. Yeah. And, and then, that, that, then, that, then, then we got into Linda Tripp, yet how much money that bitch is going to make. And it's, it's, it's a surprise. I mean, the way that they're poor, you know, this is part of the media's refusal not to let go now. Now they're going to exploit all of the people who've been, had to be silent until this thing was over with. Now, Lucy and Goldberg is going to come back, talk about a fat slob out of the woodwork. And Linda Tripp is already. She's lined up a little bit. Oh, you're making it around for a week and already. And they're all going to be, you know, they'll drag this on until they got every last drop of blood out of it. They can. Oh, it's getting brutal, brutal. And then closing now. Yes, sir. I'm going to be the best man to Andy and Greg's wedding. Okay. All right. All right. Good time. Okay. He's going to be the pivot man if they're wedding. We have an open line and day one and brought her five six seven, five six. That'll be a blessed event. We made a shit. I'll hand this show on the surface of your church. That he peed in his pants five six seven, five six. And Tom five six. On the AT&T wireless line. Yep. There's duty would roof and Bernie Shaw with a grim look on his face. And they're all still sitting in front. Says no and Jeff Greenfield and they're still sitting there. And sitting there. They probably got piles from sitting there. So long. Yeah. Those same to God name cheers weeks and months on end. I don't think they've even gone home. Get this dancing over with. Let's get to vote. Let's get the. And the over with and move on with life. Have an orgy up there. Here's a mobile in Voka. Hello. God. Yes, sir. Speaking. Oh, God. Yes. Absolutely correct. The Randy Moller was commenting and using your drop last night in his commentary, by the way. Well, he would see kept saying absolutely correct, sir. Really? Christina. I Christina's busted his chops and wasting game time while the game's playing, commenting on Moller eating a goddamn hot dog. I hate that can't stand having to listen to those guys. I'm always on the road. Go back from on. That's right. How about Warrow getting a goal last night? I don't see it though. Yeah. That really got me so. Not. Yeah. Yeah. I saw it on the highlight. He's still can't skate and he still can't play, but he's got two goals now. And these people don't understand the game more. They're sold it. They probably got their blow up dolls for this weekend now. There you go. I love that. I'll rate ruling in Italy. Man, that's great. That's right. That's unreal. Next thing you know, they're going to be playing and gun makers for gun crimes. If they're wearing a tight thing, then they got to wiggle it off themselves and they want it. See. I'm a great thing. I'll read it out. If you go on like this, every woman that doesn't wear a chance to be built will have the right to be right said the Sonya Viale apartment equal opportunities commission. The court of Cassasian. Castration ruled on Wednesday. It is impossible to take off tight pants like jeans without the cooperation of the person wearing them and it said it is impossible of the victim is struggling. The decision overturned the 1998 conviction of a driving instructor in Southern Italy, Carmine, Cristiano, 45 for raping an 18 year old student. A lower court. It's sent in Cristiano two years and eight months in prison. But the appeals court said the girl must have considered the sex and sex and sex. But the court said the case back for Retrial. She had tight pants. Pat the lollies. The court also questioned why the victim identified only as Arrosa. Why the way that several hours to tell her parents she'd been attacked. It could be seen as a manual for aspiring rapists the Rome Daily. You'll message out. Said in a front page story. Jeans in Alabama for rape were to sign held up in parliament by five jeans, plaid lettuce ladders. Alessandro Mussolini, a deputy of the rightest national alliance who let Thursday's protest said women are already scared of reporting. Rape's dish just makes it even worse. Protesting lettuce ladders called on women all over Italy to join a skirt strike and wear jeans and the anchor of popular TV show known for her sheek dresses down the pair of denim. We thank the court for having enriched women's war groups of the new garment to the business suit and little black dress we can now add the anti-rapout at a comfortable and resistant pair of jeans and union official. The first step you honestly do. Only in Italy, baby. They just tend to be a little on the sex side over there as in school the bitch get her back in a kitchen and let's get some pasta out here. Fast bitch. We have an open line in the Broward to a date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Yes. How are you? Okay. I wanted to tell you all that I'm not an uptight woman in the and I love you. Oh you're the one, huh? I'm the one. Every year about 20 or 30 of my day. You got lots. The rest of them all hate me like toys and you keep me entertained every day. I think it's a great but they only suck because I can't get to hear you. Uh huh. But some of them called in the other day and said how they could get your radio station inside a building. Oh you don't want to I don't want to go to that you don't want to go to all of the bull crap. Believe me. It's a culture a lot of a lot of being. No, I just I don't want to go to the whole deal. Forget about it. Oh, would that be the only thing I can get you inside the building when I'm working. Yeah. Yeah. I've tried different radio. Well, tilted on it to side. Do you have any video too? Okay. Can I call for one of these guys? Yeah. What is your gourmet club? Something to do. Okay. Love you Neil. Yeah. Open line of day one and brown. Five six seven. We're watching Frank says there is a pop pop pop. I guess we better do a break. I mean, I'm sorry that we have to do this but you know we got to move things along here in last three ㅎㅎ You know, we're not happening any minute now. Any s any hour. Anytime now sometimes between now and next morning they take back their invention and told him is god. They go back to get it over with. They just? They just can't seem to get it together. He's all attacking in the church. Yeah. One qu 240 manning bill who lives without capital hell he gave me surprise. And made it a mess and I kept it under my bed in my house. Now that's not good. Okay, let's say, all right. Rose is a red. The White House is white. I signed in the last book one night. No, no, that's not good either. It's not good either. It's a great, great doc. The President showed me his. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, good. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. It was the night before Christmas and all through the house. It still got naked except for my devils. My parents were nestled, all snug in their bed. Well, I was giving the President, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This one is 28 to 560 WCM, we're getting real close. Any moment now. Any second, you're going to hear that sound. Which means that they just came back into the chamber. They said they actually said I'm seeing it. And then they would open the doors for a while to let it kind of air out. Because Ted Kennedy had a real batch of something last night. It's a bad grits, which gave him the. something around some grits or maybe that was a strong sermon. And anyway, there's big fat candy crawler who's going to be playing Linda Tripp in the movie. I was saying the judge, I was saying this jokingly of course because I know where our priorities are in this radio station would this vote come up imminently any minute now. I was saying well, maybe we'll have to knock out a commercial break here so we can carry it like uninterrupt. Now, it's interesting if we're the Jimmy Johnson press conference, which will recall that figure that's funny, who showed the panthers what a power play is really all about. If we were him with his frosted silver hair, then of course here on the sports station, we would knock out as many breaks as many spots. We'd put him on 10 weeks from poor. I'm some other time because we don't want to interrupt something important like some sports press conference. But this is only, you know, we'll vote on the impeachment, the removal of the president of the United States. Do we care about that here on your sports on your jackstrap station? No. Enough to like, let it let it spot. No. Well, by the way, since the pop of the spot's coming up in a couple minutes and I don't want to like do it right on the heels of that, the very close. If my close friend Ted Snells was enough there at pop, which I noticed you're conspicuous by your absence lately, wouldn't it be nice for those of us on the sixth floor in the dining room, especially those groups of very elderly people like you had their last night, if we'd have a bedding window open like even just one during the week like last night, you talk about shooting yourselves in the foot. Then you got all the windows on the one side where most of us sit close. And if you want to make a bed, you got to slip all the way down to the other end. And most of those people are lucky if they can get about to their seat. So it's like holding up a big sign saying, you don't really want to make a bed. Do you have, you just want to eat a meal in the, get out of here, right? But they do have those, those do-lopsingers again. Oh, my God. I think I didn't come by my table. I just looked the other way and I kept saying keep walking. The do-lopsingers. That's got to really bring people out to the track, isn't it? No. Oh, man. What is with these people? What is with this town? This thinking. Just one window. That would be nice for all of those of us who sit down at that end of the club out from the dining room. And lend our tangible support by plunging our brains out. How is that sound, Ted? How about it? Come on. Okay. Send it votes on articles of impeachment are expected shortly. So as suck as for Christ's sake. Who the hell is this bitch? Oh, Pat Harrison, the Republican National Committee Coach, I can't even begin to imagine what she's going to say. Here's a mobile in TV. Hello. Say a mail. Yes, sir. I got something from Tick me off and I want to get your opinion on it. Why is it that the broadcasting stations feel that they have to get these X-Ace these, these, a lituripal phones, the broadcasts, and doing analysis. I mean, it's ridiculous. They're so many, no. Breadless, bread or a Bob cost. These guys obviously went to school with professionals. They're good to listen to. Surely they never play the game. But I can't stand it. Yeah. Jack. That's where it's at, man. It's a Jackocracy. They just add to the mistake that these guys are stupid. And they go, I mean, all of them got these education. No, if not a mistake. It's a fact. It's not, there's nothing mysterious about it. They, it's a fact. Most of them are illiterate and uneducated. And they had nothing. They can't, like Denise Potpand, there's a classic example. As nothing to anybody's understanding of the game. No insight, no nothing. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. So a 12 inch monster at the beach yesterday. Never believe it. The whole beach was talking about this guy. I mean, from two or three, two or three blocks around. Everyone was talking about, look, I think he's stuck the snake in a place. OK. Well, say hi to default force. Any of you saying or somewhere? We have an open line in the Broward to a date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp. I've great. Excellent. Good call. Two open lines that's about to get on the air. Two open lines that date to a Broward. If I, you see an honest again, another asshole who thinks that if he says it's past and that doesn't look like that, that gets on the air. Does that help? No. Can it real real fast like that? No, it doesn't work. Sorry, Palo, I have to come up with some better idea. OK. Something to enrich your pathetic little life. 27 till noon. We're still waiting on it. We're still waiting. We're holding our collective breaths. I can see there's tremendous excitement in his audience about this right now. No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp. 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Hank Goldberg with satellite dish between 26 to 7, no. Kim Boe, Kampers 6 to 10 and Kampen. Eddie Kays is going to be a set about it because he'll be able to watch well. That all depends on what they get on the, I should take that back. I mean, it's one thing that to put in the addition. It's the another thing to putting about packages they subscribe to. Like maybe the sports packages. I let's not get carried away. OK. I mean, role wasn't built on a day. See, when Greg Reid comes down here and starts that crap about what? Well, see, engineers, well, see, I hate to break the news to you, but like in a real radio station, what they do like when packs. And I mean, calling them real, that tells you a lot about this place. When we were making the move from the old IOD into the other building out there on Sheridan Street, what did they do? They went out and they hired contract engineers who weren't really full time on staff, but guys who were very, very capable, who came in and were paid by the hour to do an emergency job and worked on their 24 hours a day. Around the clock and got everything ready so that we were on air and that was all in there. They had like seven of them. Right. What a concept. And they wouldn't have needed seven. They wouldn't need just one or two here to be working around the clock's fever. So you get that thing done right upstairs and get the TV in and get the addition. And like have it already rock and roll for a people to go on here and do a radio show. What a concept. I mean, you know, to be on a one hand talking about how we're kicking ass and all this money to slow them through this place. And then on the other hand, continuing to try to defend the cheapness of the mentality of there, which you can't even afford like a real haircut. Do you know that he had no seriously. You want to realize that looks so bad. He has same with like a little scissors. In fact, it just like these sand douche bag. The fact that's probably Sam's main job here. Once a month, Sam goes up with like a little person with a blue hand like these and trims Greg's hair. His old trim going on as we speak in that orifice. That's why he looks so bad. It's 1135 at 560 WQ and there's Elizabeth Holven. Holven has been Democrat. Good lady there. It goes. She's a real good liberal from New York. There you go. George, let's go this one boy. We like him on this show. All you're right next to out there can't handle it. Can you? Too bad. It's just keep getting bigger. You're a political boy. You're a political boy. But people have me too. I would like you through. Now that I'm up, close with a cold heart. Troy, I'm closer to cold for. I tell them right away. I'd like a one night stage. Up in the white house behind closed doors. I want a thing. There you go. I want a thing. There you go. With my life waiting in the rain. I did my best. There you go. I did my best. There you go. I could be up in prison for me. I'll call his hotline phone. Tell him I'm all alone. And I'm certain by his cellulose. I'm a political horse. And it's me, won't have to be. Then I'll let Hillary. But I would rather make it all three. I want a thing. There you go. I want a thing. There you go. With my life waiting in the rain. Cause it's my one. There you go. With my buzz. There you go. I could be up in prison for me. It's all in 41 at five. You see, yes, what by the way? Sen and post on articles have been teachman are expected shortly. You believe it? No. Well, we're waiting. There's still going. Papa, papa. In fact, Frank says they're just in Jesus Christ. Is this over with yet? I mean, how much of these guys supposed to say? We've already heard this 45 billion, 272 million times. A couple of great taxes by the way. Jim and sunrise who says, Miami, he coach Pat Riley today created star guard Kim Hardaway for Monica Lewinsky. Now the whole team sucks. Oh. Not bad. George, don't understand that. He don't know Timmy hardaway from Penny Hardaway from Penny's or Mavon. But anyway, here's the best facts of the year so far. The fat facts. It says the Jeff High problem. Attaching Neil Rogers, your Neil. I've been an avid listener at slash fan of years since I was in high school going on 15 years now. Never if I once questioned your superior intellect and decision making during that time. However, for the first time, this is coming to question. I've been a neighbor of Jeff and Judy High for almost four years now. I'll have the right next door. Since Mr. High has moved in, the neighborhood has turned from a quiet peaceful area into a loud obnoxious fat festive beer, excessive eating and loud screeching yells around the block. There's tenure in our Pembert Plines neighborhood. I've become a friend of their family. It really wasn't my choice. Fat's okay. Coming over to my house. I'm invited over to his house for all occasions. Christmas New Year's birthdays. And at these occasions, I've witnessed some of the most disgusting displays of poor eating habits and bad hygiene as Jeffy Boy to take his two front teeth out for you. Were you aware of that? That he has, I didn't know they were removable. Oh my. Remember what the used to look like? Yes. Mr. High almost killed my two-year-old son by accidently sitting his fat, tubular body on top of him one evening. He squeezed the life out of my boy. It was like watching a Mac truck, little brofrog, and all the guts filling out. Mr. High is constantly borrowing stuff from my house. The son of a bitch for you, loader borrowed my ladder and went to came back almost every wrong on the ladder, who was bent inward. You know what it's like for a Jewish family to sit at a Christmas dinner while Jeffy and the family say their prayers? That fan hit a crit is probably thinking about the porn upon his computer. As far as his eating habits go, I've seen him put salad dressing on pizza by the gallons. Each of our deans in one hand would talk with Kake in the other. Worst yet he will pull his shorts down while I was at the height of exposing the fattest ass that I've ever seen. He walks with a different lip every week so I have to bring him groceries and mouth. Please fire Jeffy. It says maybe if he loses a job it has to eat and commit a house for food, he'll lose some of that blubber. Sign David. Wonderful facts, David. Thanks for making our life worthwhile. Pally. We have an open line at Broward 2 in day. 5 6 7 5 60. Now, if he pull out with everybody rejected, is that a special thing that I get? That's Pally. I ain't on Pally. Everybody. Everybody. Now I feel not so special. 5 6 7 5 60 and Pond 5 60 on the AT&T line. We're a vamp in here, man. We're just killing some time waiting for these goddamn 100 goofballs up there to get with the program. So, David, big heavy duty stuff today. Here's my me, B. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, man? Okay. I have something more about some of the bushbag. Well, the second would be a promoter for 500.64 and he's the host to show him without beach. Yeah. Where you could call the headbody contest for, okay. How are you? I'm sure you did not include his. Yes. Okay. Well, he's the, he does a little girl stick that blows off for either a prize of 150 dollars dollars and they, when they refuse, he is the encouraged. He's literally taking the clothes off for them. And I just thought, I was just cutting things for a girl man like family doing. That's saying. Now you got 90 catching on. Okay, sir. Thanks for the good news. There you go. Sand the channel right at this moment is given our general manager a little trim. Got that scissors going upstairs. Well, that's taggy Roman haircut that he walks around with and everybody's laughing at. Open line and Broward, all three in date. 5 6 7 0 5 60, Pond 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. 4 Candy Crowley man, where you were like, uh, intuting on our eating time. Even she's got to go back that, but, but, I mean, they're just desperate. Like, when are they going to get this thing going already? Which, frankly, I feel exactly the same way. You know, the big build up and like, okay, already, okay, let's go. Let's get on with it. And then they're saying like about an hour after they, uh, finish with the votes on the two articles, Bob was going to be speaking. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. But you are the voice of reason and South Florida. There were quick, quick, uh, couple of quick comments on some subjects that love your comments on the useless NBA. Love your comments on, uh, the proceedings that are going on now with the president Clinton. I, uh, enjoyed your comment earlier with your caller when you were cutting up your American airline call. Yeah. That car. I mean, so they're pushing these out. They're aren't calling in about American Airlines and, uh, pledging not to fly them again and be put in this position and have their whole life disrupted. This is a bunch of crap. If someone else made a reservation for me, I'm flying home to Canada to see my mother and grandmother on Wednesday night on American Airlines. I haven't flown them in a long time. Oh, my God. Father had made taken care of making the reservations. I called her up last night or two nights ago. She's flying air Canada from California, but she's got me on American. Well, what does that tell you? I think it's a view, yeah. I thought I'll tell you, you know, I hope I see you. And if I don't see, you know, bringing back some mangos or whatever. I would demand a quick look at that wheel. I'll show the fire where you guys are guaranteed your name in it. No, I'm I made it. I'm all of the hair. I drew that one up. But anyway, uh, she, you know, I call the American Airlines. Of course, you know, the girl on the phone guarantees me that this one might continue past the weekend. Our CEO won't wait. How can I get you here on the TV? How does she know that? She told me it's hysterical. Our CEO will never let them go beyond the weekend. Right. She told me I was the, I said, I was the American Airlines Psychic Reservation Desk. I figured you'd like to hear that comment by them. Anyway, like that. I would switch over to a, uh, or Canada immediately, if not sooner. Well, and of course, American won't let you do that until 24 hours before. That's when then when I call and check in again on the international flight, then they'll let me know if it's canceled, which of course is off the wrong. You know, I'm going to go to the ticket counter. What do you mean, what do you mean, they won't let you do that? I don't understand. Can't you tell the point, they cancel the ticket any time you wanted, like use the tickets later on? They'll make pay. You're going to lose whatever, you know, it's only May. I don't know. It's probably 50 bucks that even look into that part of a year. But I figure I'll be on 11 o'clock news, killing the supervisor from American Airlines when they nighten up at a Bingham country. All but, you know, okay. Good luck, pal. Thank you. Sounds like you'll need it. There you go. Another endorsement from American Airlines. Open line and Broward All 3 in Dave County, 5. 6705, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. We're still waiting. Believe me. We're not holding anything back here. We're still waiting. We're going to tell you your tone, AL, okay. And they just keep driving. See, I don't understand this because there was three, there were three senators yet to speak. Fifty minutes, time is three, is forty five minutes. Maybe a couple of seconds for, you know, clear in the airtime or whatever they were doing. So that might have been an hour. They convene a guide to him to get the nine fifty when they preach you there. Finally finished with his in-vocation, whatever they do. Totally inappropriate comments, by the way. So that was ten before ten. What, what, how are they doing in there? They must be having an origin in there, I would imagine. Maybe they got Monica back in the rig in. Here's Carl Spring, Silla. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, you know, Senator Orrn Hatch, you know, he's from Utah and all. Orn snatch, yes. He is one of the people that's going to take a big hit when they started rescating his whole Olympic thing because he was one of the big pushes. One of the big backers out there and now they're going to have all kinds of problems coming before that. I love the came up. And it's interesting because he seems to be the biggest, uh, trash around there. No, he's not. Orn snatch? Yes. I don't agree at all. No, he's a given to family. No, I think he's like more in the middle. He's, I mean, compared to some of the, uh, fanatics like Jesse Helmson's drum, thermon, he's praised almost like liberal. Oh, I'm a statement. Okay, I'm a great thing. Now Orn snatch quite frankly, I could almost live with him. If he works from Utah, that's where it's called. This problem is he's from Utah. Other than that, he's not all that bad. Even Ted Kennedy goes to lunch and they get drunk together. Let's see, Article, the other show in the Article's of impeachment. We already know what they say. Okay, here's Article. One, there's Article, two. Let's stop stalling for time there on CNN. Okay. Let's get the cameras back and enroll them. Force your way in there. Just knock that goddamn, uh, rencoist dance hole around the city. What is a flowing robe and his gold band and the whole deal. Just knock him on a side and get this thing going already. Man, oh, man. Important stuff going on here, like, uh, you know, draft picks to talk about. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Uh, Neil. Yeah. God, hi Neil. Okay. Or you Neil. Great. I've been listening to the show for about four years, but listening to me, uh, do you have to hear what happened to me yesterday? I'm traveling south, just as sunrise going on my way to Broward on Pine Island. But you say, suddenly I see like five cops in front of me playing with the guns. You know, it's too much. He's gone as they don't know anything better to do it. They just play with the raiders, you know. Anyways, as soon as that happened, I go down. I never run around there. You know, I just call around there. But I didn't even, in any case, I served flashing my likes to let everybody know that I'm doing this because there's a couple of guys back there with the way to get closer. Because you are flashing your likes. That was your kind of thing. And then to me, they pulled me over. I see a guy walking in the middle of the road because at this point, I'm going like 25 miles an hour. Yeah. Flashing my lights on them. What you see is guy walking in the middle of writing in front of the first union bank. Yeah. He stopped me in the middle of the road. He doesn't even let me pull over to this line in the middle of the road. For flashing your lights, right? Flashing my lights. I'll call us when you get out. We have an open line of Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, 5, 60. On the AT&T wireless line. Better do this break. There's Charles Beerbauer, Beerdo and all. CNN senior Washington correspondent. And he's going, bop bop bop bop. That's it. Two hours now, they've had a nonstop. Because they just can't get their ass together up there in the Senate. Come on America, sit and back in waiting. Okay, you can only milk so much out of this sweetheart. Let's get going. Let's get the show on the road. Let's get the Yays in. No. Go in here. The Neil Wazir Show on 5, 60. HWQAM Miami port butterdale! Neil YYY. Go out. Will Built with glass in Man cut sunshine up. Go, go—don't run. You left out a gig! When we met to the radio, Man, Kyou boy is not the time. You can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Damn it. Where's he don't know where a stove he goes? I can see how there was some confusion between humans or an human horse. And then I can saw the term Caesar box means saw her naked. Stars report you need to go in blind. Now please be in here with work in heart, late nights in the olden reopens. Working on a practice of joke. It took a massive noodle for an exploding, loaded for Monica with flowing rings of smoke. There's the garden Monica's vagina. Yeah. She left out a gigo. Every time he makes it way go, Monica is not the kind you can do in. You can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. You're going to help you die. All people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of her by her husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. I've been the linking bedroom she was born in. More and more and more will do in her with bills all by. Bill's a garden Monica's vagina. Okay. She left out a gigo. Every bringer's time he makes it way go. Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. She's got a nice book. Yes, that's not her is that her. Oh yeah. What you gotta do is take a tip of your heart. Yeah. Probably one at five sixty w come by the way staggering turn of rents they decided not to even vote on in Peaching Bill Clinton instead they're going to impeach Ken Jenny. Oh, you're a proud county and can victim like it about two and a half seconds. We're all going to vote on all articles. Ken Jenny and the pleasure police striking terror into pleasure seekers all over the city. You're a proud county from Pileau to post from the date. From Miramar from Helenville Beach Boulevard and Miramar Parkway. Although we up to. The police in Broward just devastating sticking. They know as in everybody's record of private parts. Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, listen. I'm going to tell you I work for CBC as an anchor and I come down here a lot. You are about as much apart a Florida for me as a brickle Boulevard or Biscayn Bay. I go back with you to Zeta for and then I O D. And in fact, I still run around with that girl from me. The name of bed on a little cassette. The Brian Cox and the rest of them are seeing in that out of that. So much. Right. Yeah. Well, I have you in I mean, Dr. Nating the people in our newsroom with you now because I can get you on the web. So I just want you to know I it would not be a normal part of a patient. If I couldn't find you somewhere on the dial. I'm going to ask you something since you worked for CBC. Yeah. And even I'm sure you work in the news part. Not in the stock market deal. I am I'm a business anchor. Oh, you are. Yeah. Really. Well, let me see this because I thought that on today of all days and unless they're waiting for a gigantic turnaround. I would have thought that today would be a day the market would go zooming up of the NASDAQs taking a big dump at $155.5 and the dials down about $30.5. I would have thought that maybe maybe they're waiting until after the votes. Well, you know, on the stock market, first of all, what you're talking about is what we call a relief rally. Where whenever whatever it is that was supposed to be horrible doesn't happen. Everybody buys. Unfortunately, you got several other factors that work here. Number one is to Friday people like to square positions ahead of the weekend. Number two, you get some problems with some of the high text stocks. You have a lot of profit taking after an incredible runoff yesterday. The NASDAQ was up almost a hundred points. Right. The record. So you got people taking money off the table. And also there's a motto on our business called by the rumors sell the news. And so, you know, it's what you're happening is happening. It's happening. It's selling the news. There's always some reason. There's always some sugar in the wood pile. It just just I think everything's going to read. Like yesterday, I see the markets up a hundred and eighty points on the dial. I'm watching the ticker with the 405 and here comes my caterpillar. My depressed caterpillar stock down a quarter of a point. On a day when a market goes up 200 points and my caterpillar goes down a quarter of a point. Well, you know, the bottom line here is, you know, the excuse may have been, because I like to call on the people we get on the air who tell us why the market is doing what it's doing. They've all got their own acts and they've got their own reasons for why they say what they say. But the bottom line is the market will do what the market will do. And, you know, it's pretty pricey. The valuations are high in a lot of folks are nervous. You guys do a great job. By the way, I have no idea. What are they like bringing the lunch from outside these guys? I've mentioned this on here many times. The CNBC people are the longest hours of anybody in the media in the history of television radio. You name it. Joe Kernan's on here from like seven o'clock in the morning. They'll six or seven o'clock in the night out. He sleeps. No, he does. He gets a working lunch break. But he Joe works hard. And now you probably know my name is Ted David. I'm like, see, all of a sudden. Well, when I do market wrap with my report, I'll almost five to six. Absolutely. And then when Griffith's not out, I do for one to nine and I do proud lunch and then I do street signs. Did they work as hard? But it's a nice place and it's a lot of fun. You do a great job. Well, thanks. The honor to get it. It's really an amount of choking. I'm not being patronizing. It is always good to know when I'm parking my fat behind in the beach. Wherever it may be. I got to walk when on and I know I can find you someplace. Thanks. Good talk. Take care. Bye bye. Ted David from CNBC. I always trust to go with two first names. That's what I say. Especially if one of them is Jewish like David. Okay, we have two. There we're still waiting. Here's this. You have green fell guy and there's Bernie Shaw with an incredulous look on his post. I've already told you a minute and times about what I, we all hard bit in some of a bit of Bernie Shaw's. That's why we like him. Yeah. You got to lighten up a little bit. Two open lines today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50. By the way, here's a fact. Speaking of the business. Here's another. I always love it. Oh, wait a minute. It's a clear channel. Five. I'll save it for later. Here we go. They're coming back. The second one is almost exclusively as a quarter of impeachment since January 7, 1999. You consider the articles of impeachment against the president United States. The Senate needs today to conclude this trial. Like, by voting on the articles of impeachment, they're by fulfilling its obligation under the Constitution. I believe we're ready to proceed to the vote on the articles and I yield the four. The chair would inform those in attendance. That's how the Senate is going. That's the right place. That under rule nine will be the standing rules of the Senate. The one that's ruled by the court. The court is called Jones case. The president was a duty of the chair and the force order on his own initiatives. The clerk will now read the first article of impeachment. Here we go, boys and drugs of all. You can feel it. The funder down under. Wow. Particle one. In his conduct, while president of the United States, William Jefferson Clinton, in violation of his constitutional oath, faithfully to execute the office of president of the United States and to the best of his ability. Preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. Oh, I, and in violation of his constitutional duty to take care of that the laws be faithfully executed. As willfully corrupted and manipulated the judicial process of the United States for his personal gain and exoneration. So much, repeating the administration of justice in that. On August 17, 1998, William Jefferson Clinton swore to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth. Before a federal grand jury of the United States, contrary to that oath, William Jefferson Clinton willfully provide it for Julius, calls, and misleading testimony to the grand jury concerning one or more of the following. Some son of a bitch. One. The nature and details of his relationship with a subordinate government employee. Scords go to. Prior for jury's false, misleading testimony he gave, and a federal civil rights action brought against him. Scords go to three. Prior false, and misleading statements he allowed, is attorney to make to a federal judge in that civil rights action. And for his corrupt efforts to influence the testimony of witnesses and to impede the discovery of evidence in that civil rights action. Outrages in doing this. William Jefferson Clinton has undermined the integrity of his office. Has brought this repute on the presidency, has betrayed his trust as president. And has acted in a manner subversive, the rule of law and justice. The manifest injury, the state. Wherefore, William Jefferson Clinton, by self-ponduct, Warren St. Peachman and trial, and removal from office and disqualification to hold and enjoy any office. We can more. We can more. We can. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. article of impeach. Yeah, we know senators. How say you? Is the responded William Jefferson Clinton guilty or not guilty? Yes, a roll call vote is required. The clerk will call the roll. Here we go. Now, this is a. This is a. Mr. Abraham. Mr. Abraham. Good. Mr. Akoca. Mr. Akoca. Not guilty. Mr. Allard. Mr. Allard. Oh, yes. Yeah. How do I know? Mr. Ashcroft. Oh, yes. Definitely. Mr. Ashcroft. guilty. Mr. Boccus. Definitely. No. Mr. Boccus. Not guilty. Mr. Bye. Mr. Bye. Mr. Boccus. Mr. Hibis. Mr. Ply. Hi. But he said no. Mr. Bennett. Mr. Ben. guilty. Oh. Yes. Mr. Biden. No. Mr. Biden. Not guilty. For the four by the way for kibenskore. Mr. Binghamman. No. Mr. Binghamman. Not guilty. Mr. Bond. guilty. Mr. Bond. guilty. Yes. This is boxer. No. Mrs. boxer. Not guilty. Mr. Bro. No. Mr. Bro. No. Mr. Bro. No. No. Mr. Brownback. Mr. Brownback. guilty. Yes. Mr. Brown shieldies. Mr. Brown. Mr. Brian. No. No. Mr. Boney. Mister Bunny. Oh yeah good old Mister Burns. We can get the bird. Mister Burns. guilty Mister bird. Mister bird not. Wow Mister camel Mister camel guilty Mister Chafi Mister Chafi not guilty Mister Republican by the way Mister Cleans Mister Cleans not guilty no 11 and 9 on the not guilty. So if you're a doctor they're desperate to get to 50 50 30. guilty. Yes. Miss Collins. Oh she's been about no. Miss Collins not. Oh yeah. Another Republican. Mister Conrad Mister Conrad not guilty no Mister Comberdale guilty Mister Comberdale guilty Yes. How do we know Mister Craig Mister Craig guilty Mister Crapo. What about Mister Crapo guilty Mister Crapo guilty Mister Crapo guilty Mister Crapo. No no no Mister The wine. Oh guilty Mister The wine for guilty. Yeah. We knew that Mister Dodd. No Mister Dodd not guilty Mister Dominity Mister Dominity guilty Mister Dorgon. No Mister Dorgon not guilty. You're Derby hanging on the easier seat. No Mister. No not guilty Mister Edwards. No Mister Edwards. No guilty. Yeah Mister Enzi Mister Enzi guilty Mister fine gold. No Mister fine gold not guilty. This is fine. No Mister fine. Not. You think guilty 29 guilty Mister Fitzgerald. Mister Fitzgerald guilty Mister Frist. Mister Frist guilty Mister Gordon Mister Gordon. Mister Gordon. Not. No that's the Green Republicans not guilty. By the way, so far. Mister Graham afford a. Mister Graham afford. Mister Graham afford a not guilty Mister Graham of Texas Mister Graham of Texas. guilty Mister Graham's Minnesota Mister Graham's Minnesota guilty Mister Grassley Mister Grassley guilty Mister Greg Mister Greg Mister Greg guilty. 22 piece Mister Hagel going to the top of the 50 Mister Hagel guilty Mister Harkin. No Mister Harkin. No. No not guilty Mister Hatch Mister Hatch guilty Mister. I said Mister Helms. Oh. Mister Hollings Mister Hollings Mister Hollings. You'll see 20. Not guilty. Nippon talk baby Mister Hutchinson of Arkansas guilty. Mister Hutchinson of Texas. Mister Hutchinson of Texas guilty Mister in hall Mister in hall guilty. 28. 20. No way. No Mister in no way not guilty Mister Jeffords Mister Jeffords not. No. Another Republican that's for Mister Johnson. No Mister Johnson not guilty. 28. 27 Mister guilty. No. No Mister Kennedy not guilty Mister Harry of Nebraska. No Mister carry of Nebraska not guilty. 2928. Another carry of Massachusetts Mister carry of Massachusetts not guilty Mister Cole. No Mister Cole not guilty. What we got a Mister Kyle Mister Kyle guilty. Mister. Miss Land 31 29 not guilty that didn't know. Is Land Room not guilty 29 Mister lock andburg. No. Mister Lanyard not guilty Mister Lady Mister Lillity Mister 11. Mister 11 not. Look at the have already put it up there quit the quitting Mister leave her man. This is on the article one Mister leave her man. No not guilty. 36 29 and it's 20 more to get like I mean no chance of in convicted. This is why that makes sure they don't not be one guilty. No Mister lock. Oh, there lot. There a lot put the pump on the way. Mister Louder. Holy Faggot Mister Louder. guilty Mister Mack. No Mister Mack. Yes. guilty Mister McCain Mister McCain guilty Mister McConnell. Oh Mister McConnell guilty. Yes. Miss McCalsky. No. Miss McCalsky. The M is baby. Well, through the M. It's 38 not guilty. So you're going to be a article one. Are you hanging on this Mister morning hand. No guilty Mister Markowski. Mister Markowski guilty. This is Murray. No. 40 30. This is not 25 to go, baby. This is where I'm going to get your seat. Hunt you over on it Mister Nichols. guilty Mister Reed of Rhode Island. No Mister Reed of Rhode Island. Not guilty Mister Reed of Nevada. No Mister Reed of Nevada. Not guilty Mister Rob. No Mister Rob not guilty. 43 30. Mister Roberts Mister Roberts guilty. Mister Rockefeller. No Mister Rockefeller not guilty. 44 37 Mister Roth. No Mister Roth. Yes. guilty. Okay. Sir, sir. Mister Santorum. Yes. Mister Santorum guilty Mister Sarbanes. No Mister Sarbanes not guilty. Mister humor to five. Mister Schumer not guilty. Yeah Mister sessions Mister sessions guilty. They need one more Republican. Mister Shelby. Mister Shelby not guilty. There we go Mister Smith of New Hampshire. 40 Mister Smith of New Hampshire guilty. Mister Smith of Oregon. Mister Smith of Oregon guilty. Miss snow. Is another one. No not guilty. Mister Spector. What is it? He's still looking to the magic bullet. Mister Stevens. Mister Stevens not guilty. Mister Thomas Mister Thomas guilty Mister Thompson. Mister Thompson. Not guilty. Wow. That's a shock Mister Bernoulli. Not evacuated that's shocking. I'm ready to fall off the storm and Yes guilty Mister. For a celly. Welcome in the ribs. Mister Torres Selle. Not guilty. There you go. 51. Mister Warner vits. Mister Warner vits. guilty Mister Warner. Mister Warner not guilty. No Mister Wells. Mister. You hear that Mister. Well. No not guilty Mister. No Mister. 5445. That even close on this one. Well, you thought this one was not going to be closed. The other one's going to be nip and tuck baby right down the wire. Yeah. It is one to go. That's looks like 99 to me. Looks like 99 to me Mister clerk. Yeah. I think it's all in push and spectator. This will don't have a he's thinking about. He's looking to see if you can find a magic bullet. Inspector the pencil and you're Republican if we heard him correctly said. Not proven he'd indicated he would do that. And apparently the Chief Justice is going to allow that to stand. Although he said earlier before the vote that the statement from each senator would be guilty or not the all day. Jeff you're shaking your hand. But if I do that, you will be recorded as present because there is no way. Okay. That's it. Okay. Senator Zio went out. Why don't say not building and have the balls to do it. Okay 24 after I knew that time 60. So the counted our inspector is. No. Okay. So it's 54 yes and 46. No. I mean 54. How does that 55. What did I get? I got a wrong. 55 45. No. It was yes. No. Yes. Yes. Yes. No. No seriously. Was it 55 45? 55. No. It's 55. No. And 45. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. That's what it was. So that means they got 10 Republicans who voted on that. Which that was not the one that purged me. They said was weak and that's said when so on. And now we're getting around. They're reading. Let's get this on here. Okay. They're reading the number two. Stop up up up up up up. Oh god. We're getting this over with. Though you feel better already. And influence the testimony of those witnesses. So the second one of the circumstances. A lot of people is talking about what you look. Okay. And the house managers are written by waiting there was a grand there hoping. Call of God grand. Very time for you. And that really why we need it. And all the waiting. Yeah. Wow. Can't believe it. And all of this. We have Jefferson Clinton. It's under mine. The integrity of his office has brought this repute on the presidency. Oh my god. The trade is trust as president and has acted in a manner subversive of the rule of law of God to the manifest injury of the people of the United States. Wherefore when you're never in Clinton by such conduct. Orange impeachment and trial. Yeah. And removal from the Japanese. But it's a little cold. It's a case I told you. You're in the office of honor. Trust. How are we going to get all these debates under the United States? We have to be going back to back. The question is on the second article of the report. Well, if let's get going here. Doctor, here's how to say you. Is there responded William Jefferson Clinton guilty or not guilty? No. The clerk will call the roll. Okay. It's right behind. It's your Abraham guilty. It's your a caca. It's your a caca. Not guilty. It's your allergy. No. It's your allergy. Yes. Mr. Allard guilty. That's it. What's your trashcroft? Yes. Mr. Ashcroft. guilty. Mr. Bauke. No. Mr. Bauke. Not guilty. Mr. Bye. No. Mr. Bye. Not guilty. Mr. Bennett. Yes. Mr. Bennett. guilty. What a line piece. Mr. Bye. Mr. Bye. Mr. Biden. Not guilty. Mr. Binghamman. Mr. Binghamman. Not guilty. Mr. Barnes. Yes. Mr. Barnes. guilty. This is boxer. No. This is boxer. Not guilty. Mr. Brow. No. Mr. Brow. Not guilty. Mr. Brown that. Mr. Brown that guilty. Yes. Mr. Brian. No. Mr. Brian. Not guilty. Mr. Bunning. Yes. Mr. Bunning. These are beauties. guilty. Jim Bunning. Mr. Burns. Mr. Burns. guilty. Mr. Bird. Mr. Bird. Not guilty. Mr. Campbell. Mr. Campbell. guilty. Yes. Not guilty. Mr. Casey. Mr. Casey. Not guilty. No. There's your documents. No. Mr. Cleyland. Not guilty. Mr. Cauffryn. Mr. Cauffryn. Mr. Cauffryn. guilty. Ms. Collins. Ms. Collins. Not guilty. Mr. Conewaren. Mr. Conewaren. Mr. Conewaren. Mr. Conewaren. Not guilty. Mr. Cauffryn. Mr. Cauffryn. Mr. Cbrance. Mr. Cbrance. Mr. Casuren. Mr. C Century. Mr. Courhing. Mr. Cwrang. It's a Crepo. Yeah. Crepo. Giltene. 13-30. Natural. Condational. Not guilty. It's a divine. Yes. Mr. DeWine. B-B-I-I-N. Giltene. Mr. Don. No. Mr. Don. Not guilty. Mr. Domenici. Yes. Mr. Domenici. Giltene. It's a dorgan. No. Mr. Dorden. The N-A-60-0. No. Right at the moment. Okay. We're in the B-D-D-D. No. Mr. Dorden. Not guilty. Mr. Edwards. No. Mr. Edwards. Not guilty. Maybe three more Republicans get it. No. Mr. Dorothy. Giltene. I mean, at least they, yeah. Mr. Find gold. No. Mr. Find gold. Not guilty. Mr. Find Stein. No. Mr. Find Stein. Not guilty. Mr. Fitzgerald. Yes. Mr. Fitzgerald. 17-Gild-E. Gildene. You're following Mr. Dorden. No. Okay. Mr. Frist. Giltene. Mr. Fitzgerald. Mr. Gordon. Mr. Gordon. Giltene. Yes. Mr. Graham of Florida. No. Mr. Graham of Florida. No. No. Mr. Graham of Texas. Yes. Mr. Graham of Texas. Giltene. Mr. Graham from Minnesota. Mr. Graham from Minnesota. Mr. Graham from Minnesota. Come an hour. Mr. Graham at the end of the first quarter. Mr. Grab at the empty hilltimes. Mr. Grab. Giltene. Mr. Hagle. Mr. Hagle. Yes. Mr. Hagle. Giltene. Mr. Harken. You know. Mr. Harken. Mr. Hatch, guilty. Mr. Helm. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. It's a hauling. 205.3 guilty. This is your Hutchinson of Arkansas. Mr. Hatchinson of Arkansas. guilty. This is Hutchinson of Texas. This is Hutchinson of Texas. guilty. Mr. Enha. Yeah. Wake up. Mr. Enha. guilty. Yes, 209. You're not going to take guilty. No. Mr. No way. Not guilty. Mr. Jefernes. Mr. Jefernes. No. No. The Republican. Mr. Johnson. No. Johnson. Not guilty. Mr. Kennedy. No. Mr. Kennedy. Not guilty. Mr. Kerry Nebraska. No. Mr. Kerry Nebraska. Not guilty. Mr. Kerry and Massachusetts. No. 299. What in the Navy? Not all of that half time. Mr. Cole. No. Not guilty. Mr. Kyle. Mr. Kyle. guilty. Yes. Ms. Landrue. No. Ms. Landrue. Not guilty. 2130. To last. No. Mr. Mountainberg. Not guilty. It's a lazy. No. Mr. Lehi. Not guilty. Mr. Leven. No. Mr. Leven. 3430. Not guilty. Mr. Leberman. No. 3530. They had a lot of equipment with it. They just popped up on the scene and we were not. Mr. Leberman. No. This is Lincoln. Not guilty. How's it? To lock. Yeah. You're going to see. Got the pompom. I was in the old trend. Loneliness. Mr. Luger. From the cankneo. tearing of stalking ill pipes. From the chain. Disbekano. Yes. This is McCawney. Public talks. Yeah. Mr. McCalsky, Gilting. Mrs. Murray. No. Mrs. Murray, not Gilting. Mr. Nichol. Mr. Nichol. Gilting. Mr. Rita Brod Island. No. Mr. Rita Brod Island. Not Gilting. Mr. Rita Nevada. No. Mr. Rita Nevada. Not Gilting. 37. Yes or wrong? I know. 47. No. Not Gilting. Mr. Robert. Mr. Robert Gilting. Mr. Rockefeller. No. Mr. Rockefeller. Not Gilting. Mr. Roth. Mr. Roth. Gilting. Mr. Santorum. Yes. Mr. Santorum. Gilting. Mr. Sarban. No. Mr. Sarban. Gilting. 40th. No. Mr. Schumer. No. Mr. Schumer. No. Mr. Sther. Mrs. Sun sighted. Mr. Sther. Yes. Mr. Sther. Mr. Sther. No. Yes. Mr. Sther. Mr. Sther. Yes. Mr. Sther. No. Mr. Spector. Not for you. No, no, no. Oh, what a hard ass. Hey, how's that bull of you and Mr. Dr. Arl are guilty. Not guilty. There you go. For demons. Yeah. Mr. Stevens, guilty. Mr. Thomas. Yeah. Dr. Thomas, guilty. Mr. Thompson. Yes. Mr. Thompson, guilty. Mr. Tharmons. Yes. Yes. Yes. Mr. Tharmons. guilty. Mr. Torre Selling. No. Mr. Torre Selling. Mr. Torre Selling. Not guilty. The best they can do is to get it. Mr. Boynevin. Mr. Boynevin. Mr. Boynevin. guilty. Yes. Mr. Warner. Mr. Warner. Yes. guilty. Yeah. Mr. Wellfown. No. Mr. Wellfown. Not guilty. Mr. Why do you? 50. 50. 50. So did they get the 51? No. The House Manager's pissed off. Yeah. Ben. 1234-560-WQM. It's all over. Let's have a party guy, damn it. Oh, thank God. Let's get out of something important like an orgy in a wine house. Are there already hand-brewing? Leave her team, parachute. With the old shoes on the ground on your own. Yeah. There's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home. Uh-huh. Search all around, but you won't see me. A seat in the boat with a deep deep deep. Uh-huh. Ha ha ha ha. When nothing's on par, to the marvellous feeling of making butterflies, stick to the ceiling, moping in the bathroom, making out a naha, or hitting a fat kid with a speeding dodge ball. Oh, wow. Yeah, I remember the head of the house. The throw of a paper wall, with a fire alarm, blow up the toilet with a cherry spot, die sick of frog in biology class, find yourself a nerd, and win to his name. Oh, right. Ha ha ha. What do you mean? What do you mean? Can you miss three? When you make the class a badge of mellas, the article dried, you've got your no moon's circle. When you go to school, what anything go on? Just stay in school, go out on your own, because there's a whole lot of stuff. You just can't do at home, but search all around, but you won't see me. Oh, where did he eat? Oh, search all around, but you won't see me. Oh, where did he eat? Oh, 40 at 5.50, WCQA, so when are we after they finish with a vote and a whole deal, and a trend lot with some idiotic statement, he just is renquisite, I want to say only one thing. It's a lie, I am not a Nazi. Okay, let's hear it. You all should have decided, and two is that we're going to have a party now, or what? Come on. Go for it, 560, Pomp 560, let's hear it from some of those people that are like hanging their heads on. Oh, yeah, we've got a few subscriber's. They kicked up, just don't pick. They never met a fan, 15 later. All right. Well, standing in the sea these people are letting. And I'm not because they've been a silen for how many weeks now, under pedal even prisonmen, so now they're letting it out. Wow. That's going to be a dead Kennedy. Let's couple out. Two open lines in the wild. Come on, let's go. Here's a moment in history. This is just another guy named draft pick by the offense Johnson with some phony or contract press conference line to the public this is some real stuff baby 560 5050 5060 on a mobile one line any interest out there no Here's Hallendale hello and Cleo yes sir. Hey, uh, beautiful day out eating some fish food right now. All right Have a little party in this most yeah. I have a couple things that I talked about that The entire penis case thing is a waste of money away $50 million at least they spend on this and what did the accomplish? Okay, did they get them? Did they nail them? No, just a waste of time. I mean, it's just so unbelievable what they will go through I'm like young liberal Republican and I would never have I can't believe that these people are wasting our money in our time Doing this type of behavior. I believe you're wasting your time in a party like that. Oh wow. I'm thinking of changing over Wow, the one thing I'll look at is an oxymoron One of the other thing I wanted to talk about a couple of things is uh, As long as yesterday all these stupid people that wait on line wait on on hold online to talk to you And then they say oh my Nicole and I need corn and all this yeah, I mean this is unbelievable like I But that's it that's it. I get credit. I cannot you show a lot of patience People you have to deal with yeah on your shelf. Another thing. Yes, sir If you get a chance George Carlin has a great New live Comedy videos on HBO. Yeah, heard about that. Oh, it's great. You got it. You got to listen to him. Oh, yeah, he's great One more now two more Sam the douchebag. Yeah, heard some guy call back him earlier You all those girls that he had up on the stays there taking their clothes off everything these are like under age or something because my friend was telling me about it as well All right, I mean Well, he's worth you now And then Also my friend called you I don't know do this week or maybe last week You called from North Carolina the religious nut. Yeah, oh I've been trying to put some sense into his head I've been telling him say you know But telling him listen, I was born raised Presbyterian Christian whatever yeah, and I Back in like I think fifth or sixth grade as when I totally don't fall that crap I'm enough of the bubble mice. You still get it. I mean, I mean it's just it's useless. I mean it's primitive primitive I mean to you know it'll work and I don't understand why the word you're looking for is crap That's it that's it. Okay, Pablo. So I got to run have a great weekend Hey, you two in your free life. All right, bye. See you Okay, got a run cuz we got to get all these spots in maybe 1244 or 560 QA That's it. Mom that skinny chick the skinny is shit. I know you're just bleak that heroin See you got to lay off the flow Kid mom that skinny chick we want to know what's the deal The clothes and crap when you're in rehab your worst than alley McBill 48 is five 60 WC. Everybody nice job Yeah, good everything in here like that that was a major miracle on my part Which I slapped myself on a back for a great job, Neil getting all the spots in that's what we're here for get the spots in baby So what have we learned today so far? We've learned that the American Airlines blows We've learned that the Ted David at CNBC is a vacationing down here. Let's see the show. I'll tell you one thing That was that was great. That was fantastic because that's the that's the one channel of all those cable channels That's great. They're all professionals on there. They're fantastic even on some days. They have very very bad Little buzz by day. They're not responsible for that. They're professionals looking up in the book And here's that facts from somebody on the inside we keep getting the facts of some queer channel from people that are working inside over there I don't want Ron to get all bent on a shave, but It says Peter Bolger is the black hole of radio in South Florida The corporate sucking is so hard not even a light can escape it says and it says by the way, brook is really kicking ass, right? Right Yeah, I don't think so. Okay whoever that is inside over there cliche and of course it could be mud at one of many people. I'm sure I have a feeling it's from John Ford Huh? Yeah, let's start spreading the room in the John Ford as soon as hate facts is over here about Pete Bolger I wouldn't want to get me no trouble or anything would we? Huh? Uh huh John Ford little puddle whacker Okay, where were we going for miles? Hello Yes, sir. I follow the liberal Republican. Yeah. Well, he's going through change of life Well, that's good at least he's changed You're right. This is a historic moment in the history of our country. Yes, sir I would have gotten through the entire trial now hearing a word of it had you not played the vote But I kind of blame you for that. I would have done this. It was fun. It was a little bit of a balance over the top We listen there. Yeah, no, yeah, I was fun. Here's my point that I'd like to make. I thought when Ted Kennedy let off that second kind of fun I think the real tragedy of this whole thing would be if the greatest peace of American radio ever created was lost from this point on I'm talking about your song Bill cigars and that's oh, I know that's that will never be lost You'll keep playing classic god bless. I might just play it the whole last hour here Did they just nonstop you make me really happy tell me something is that available commercially or for download If we're anyway to get a copy of that? No, but if you send Georgia cassette would like you want to talk to Georgia body He might work it out for I would love okay hang on. Okay. There's a few bucks for a George and tell not to make it out Wild I'm one or wherever that guy was who wants a copy of that thing come on George you with it So at any rate, yeah, well, just still continue to play that I just lost my twin the thought I had something so damn important. Oh, yeah, the guy that sent Georgia a $10 Check to make out a thing a copy of something on cassette he makes the check out to Wild Is the guy going to get the thing he wanted? No, and is the check that he sent us in a waste basket at this point Wild oh I hate that station. Here's Miami. Hello Miami Going once going twice probably a sour answer Republican okay two open lines in date five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line Here's Carl Springs hello. Hey, how are you today? Yeah, sir I never looked before because I don't look at the signs locally. You don't need to watch Highway signs. Yeah, did you when you come from south to north on 75 to get off at the sawgrass mills you get off at sunrise ball of art correct, okay? You say you get correct, sir. Thank you. If you don't you get to pay a 75 cent poll about three quarters of mile later I'm so really correct, right today for the first time and I traveled at 20 times a week I look up at around all the world. Those signs are and one quarter of a mile before you get to sunrise boulevard Yeah, I'm fine. It says Grasp mills one mile They want they want you're money now we hired Prior to them building pet salarina boulevard. How did you get the sawgrass mills? How did I get there? I got off at sunrise. How did I get out of the house? I walked about ten blocks Right when I went there we'll be called the back way right Oh, but if you're coming up and down with sawgrass for 75 right prior to pet salarina when you were coming north You go off at sunrise for free. Sure, and if you're smart now you'll still do the same thing Of course you will but that's fine. I'm putting the gun up that long ago In an addition of which if you're coming from the south anybody that goes to the macarina and gets off at At the pet salarina is crazy because if they get off at sunrise All they got to do is go east is to few blocks to 1806 man to parkway make a left there And they'll do arena in 20 seconds. I just love that fine I'll fall for the first time today and what they're telling you is the signs get off right now For a Who gets that money? Who gets it? Yes, I'd be dead and local divide. Maybe pet salarina is getting it I think so so we can go and tear those neon signs down I have a great impact here Yeah, that thing in sunrise by the way we want to say again We want to reiterate what we said yesterday. We're all for you, baby Lots of neon we wave a lot neon neon and sunrise At least he's under the edge of a hundred anyway Maybe he's come back but he's out of the edge of a hundred God the repressive the seers another day This is a great day for America because the forces of repression and anti-humanism have lost That's why it's a great day for America and all these sanctimonious hypocrites including by the way every one of these congressmen every one of these senators even ones who voted no Oh, well, we find it personally repugnant of disgusting and all these media talking heads Well, everybody has grossed out in a poll show the the poll show that the public says whatever you want them to say about is Discussing in protests because of a condition is saying oh, yes, we're revolted and he should never be getting those blow jobs The message for the children is hey guess what Virginia even the president gets horny and cheats on his wife Especially season ice princess. How do you like that? And we're not maybe recommending that but you know there's many lessons in here to be learned even the president gets horny and the real bottom line is it's nobody's got them business That's the bottom line And I think that monocos mother with address. I think that's where big part of the we got a linda trip We got Lucian Gullberg Ken star all of them need to be on death row immediately, but how about monocos mama? Yeah, mommy That's what we started to start looking right now to that goddamn family of theirs course poor monoconogies What the hell she got to do her life has been ruined huh her life is You know Even Timo Solani said that he's finished as he knew it 255 at five 60 owners orange snatch what's orange snatch in on here real quick come on potta fold orange George Okay, that's the The Neil Roger show on five 60 W Q a m my amy Fort waterdale So The search warrant army which allows him to view and photograph my body including my penis My buttocks my lord for Any other error but they wanted It's gross Man this is really a bummer all I did was get myself a bummer We they We got nothing We got nothing These charges they are really many I've never seen McCallly girl can say this To the rees real if you and the tally the things are bang for humans sports works One thing Oh, we got nothing We got nothing I had flowers There's a bro Hey McCallly You drop this up Day after day The charges they grow That in a parking lot I got the ratio Just let me sleep with one more kiss I promise not to repeat what I did In a deep mess, but what the hey at least nobody out there thinks I'm gay Oh, babe We got nothing We got nothing We got nothing We We got nothing We got nothing One or two or five sixty WCU and we got thank over show kind of two we got Kim Bo Kampers six to then at Camplin Who I guess gonna be really clean up after setting the overs and the others on the article one and two article one fifty five to forty five And fifty fifty a wash on article two that's what they thought they could get fifty one and they got no a wash Here's Miami hello How's it going now great Final four for you, yes sir Tony tell fucking around on that chap show On we don't oh no you have to be kidding me. Tony tell us on what that jab Oh, yeah, we got a not just Badlands bro. Oh my god. The only thing worse than our talk show is our laugh. Oh You have to be kidding me. No, you mean on the year with him. He's bringing them food. Oh, yeah on the air Are you bringing her food today for some contest you doing the trotter board off late? You have to be kidding me. No, shit our hole in is consorting with that bitch Yes, that is valid. Yeah, just on the heels of the good news you have to hit me with that just brings me right back to reality That's the that's the worst his nose in the history of food. Hey, it's American f and way Right, okay, thanks a little bit. Thanks a lot. It's some fiery force there. What is that piss me off? Okay, I know he likes to pour every station in town. He's the best the horror mice during the world. That's fine But her That talent was theotic bitch That Randy rose wannabe. What are you turning on now? What channel did you be turning on because it didn't work? What's one you want? 24 Nice job there by the way of Immobilizing my a thing 294 oh Oh That's Oh Words, but it's okay. Get that out Yeah, I got my own purple Mickey Tinky this morning and very excited about that We have Broward open five says in all of it's fire. How can this be how can people not just be filming at them? I don't think they're burned out on this job. Do you? I guess in about 12 months ago What an unbelievable and what are these four bastards gonna do one state once they squeeze the Last blood of bull crap out of Linda trip and Monica and all these other raffoni below knees and they make another cottage industry like they did with OJ What are they gonna do then? I guess maybe then we'll have to work out who really killed the John Bonet. Huh? 560560 and Pomp560 on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hey, Neil. Hey, do I okay, sir. Have you seen And you may have been talking about you may have said something about earlier if you seen the new article and my heavy new times about popbell burry no No, suppose did talk about criminals in professional sports. Oh that that old stuff about the mafia and Russian mafia Why why are they rehashing that crap? Who cares about that? Did she have thought about these posted has a mafia Yeah You're cutting out coming on the real phone about something good not that same old tired stories. You know Let me say what I said when we first got popbell burry in this town We've got a great legitimate bonified superstar and those people were comparing to Gary Sheffield because the book making about 10 million or Sheffield did when he was here No nothing about popbell burry nothing about hockey nothing about sports Gary Sheffield never wasn't ever will be a superstar On the level of a popbell burry Well, I still say may not be the best player in the world, but he's the most exciting. Okay, you ought to shut over that when he's playing And then you got a rehash all this old tired stuff about the Russian mafia and how they terrorized these Russian players and Shripping down and threaten their families that stuff for anybody that would have been paying attention is older than foster you would okay But you know, so instead of like dwelling on the positive like wow we finally got something we being excited about here No, let's drag out all this old bull crab Leave it to them. Okay. They got nothing better to write about open line a day one and Broward 560 and Pont 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's Miami. Hello How you doing? Yeah great You know one question. Do you know if any OEmen? I can use because we got a rush going over my ass man, you know Any OEmen? You can use yeah, you know the same KY that you use on your boyfriend back to probably work one this for you We have an open line a day one in Broward 560 and Pont 560 on the AT&T line Here's Pont B. Chelo Mr. Neil yes, sir You know I've been listening to you for 22 years. I my father turned me on to a very farber 19 Oh my god, I know I know hold on Jesus and then when I find out very farber I want to go back Then it's a dead in 76 I started listening to you. Yeah, and And when I was talking to dead people on the beach. Yeah, they were well they've been different 20 years and nobody told them and Neil The one thing I wanted to mention I was listening to another guy the other day I want to I don't want to mention his name Rick Rally and he was saying something he was doing a commercial and you know what you're the only guy on Radio and those sales holes upstairs They they get the contracts, but you're the man it sells the product and you make it believable Your voice goes up and down it fluctuates it goes up and down Well, it's a yes and the right and then and you make you see I don't listen to Commercials very often I go down when you go on a commercial I go to FM and I come back to you But sometimes I listen to your commercial yeah, and you make it believable and you make it court Yeah, they get amusing yes, they make it amusing and I just love the way you and that's why they pay you the money they do So I'm not sucking around I go well they give me the money they do because they like me I'm a good guy yeah, and of course you lie a lot, but anyway, here's one of the things yes, I don't want to I just want to say one thing to yes, this weather be out there. She's from the This is the Butler from Palm Beach. She's from this guy again get out of here Not no water is in toward that's the same jackass that called the other day It was almost the co-haired there for a few seconds Just sucking and sucking and sucking leave the suck it out there. I've heard about your deal up there in Palm Beach okay They'll do all your sucking up there. We got enough suction on this show Woo, date County all three lines in data are open here on the heels of this one of the most momentous events The second impeachment trial in the history of the United States We get after all this 13 months of hype. We finally get to the acquittal, which we know was come up But nevertheless have it right here on here and I got all three lines in date open because we're not talking about the Jimmy Johnson Get a good haircut. What's it as good as Greg reads? 560560 and Palm 560 on the AT and T. Why don't slow what an embarrassing community this is man What an embarrassing embarrassing town. I realized it's pondress. I realized we've been inundated with it But somewhere somebody in this got for a second place must have something to say don't they no Christ This advice president Members of the 100th Congress distinguished guests my fellow Americans. I have a been comprehensively large tool I I do have Sexual relations with this little and I Told that one to why there's a dress that has some stain Good work Got Clinton And he's run out of excuses If they can see the president's truth On the 17th of August The better will win We'll have to answer questions They ask a Betty Curry And he should worry What Betty Curry Told that grand jury Yes, he should well did monocolou win Ever suck on Clinton 37 why how Fin says he can't remember Did she suck in It doesn't matter If I trust God's letter You know all the second of this The public You will make the five and fathers in busy being about Stephen's things I'm the dress them what maybe like one of Thomas Jefferson slaves no There's the president seamen. I want to those addresses there. Let's check the DNA evidence no thank God they didn't have no DNA testing back then right? God They would have said man you you people of the future are crazy in the bed bug we better keep everything right here in the past Hey listen we got a lot of people those country working fever's Lee to try to do that Exactly Open line and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 like you old religion is baby. Let's throw back the dark age that sounds good 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, so low Yeah, sure Two things Neil First of all well unfortunately you talk about people trying to throw back the old age Other more succeeding they haven't come out of there I'll lose militia in the in Michigan and whatever there They're living way back then and I don't think yes on the vote I was I had those pretty actions the other day when you went to a commercial and I switched to Du Spade Limbo our National and he had people call him sick you got to believe We're gonna get those 12 votes that we need make order see the light make one of those I don't know if you're not getting there No, no, we got kind of there no rational person sir believe nobody believe that they were gonna get 12 Democrats The only question was were they gonna get a simple majority on either one of the answer was now They did not And the second thing is you're talking the other day about how ugly those guys are What's the name Ron Jeremy or whatever they'll best in yes Yeah, but in those poor no thing yeah, you said how could people stay out there? I was wondering about right scene a couple of them late at night on some of the stations that I got one of those magic boxes for but Because I never look at the guy I'm looking at the girl. Yeah, what about the women that are watching? I know they're not gorgeous. I know they have hot of rectum about the size of a a softball But yeah, you know it's just enjoyable to watch and what about but I mean for the same money wouldn't it be more Make more sense to have like good looking they could people having sex? I mean it just very much makes sense to me It makes very much sense to me, but I was wondering why I never noticed the guys I don't look at the guys you'll sorry about that I'm looking at the women. Okay, we believe you We believe him now I mean how many he must have for a special eyesight can you can you like somehow selectively like peeled them out of your vision? And it's like yeah, he's putting a stum on it and the screen too. That's right He's got a stum on it. Oh, I don't see no guys there. Well, maybe a little something slip in there. Oh Yeah Maybe it's just rainy sports or just be where that came from or Jesus that Peter North. I didn't see him And by the way, he don't look so good anymore either, but hey everybody gets sold. That's the way God works What did I ever do it do I have that that autograph picture? I guess I got it home. I never brought it in do I Got brought it to me at the hockey game Peter was autographed me personal and closed up and I think there was that score Stay down the photo to open on a braored fine Open line in David one in braored like I said I'm a good person We have that he's for no what is that he's phone number by the way Well, we've been wondering this for a long time What's any number I guess he wants to talk to our audience? Maybe seven of partied in the nine five four nine five four eight oh six 806 four four two three four four two three that's the idiot for a lot how many last 45 50 years has been going 80 That's in the screen then coherently oh Either or both of the above all depending on which movies in which tranquilizer you taken on a given day nine five four eight oh six 44 23 maybe you want to call him and say hi a E 806 44 23 have to number to keep in mind Keep in busy Opaline at Broward five six 705 60 and pound five 60 on the AT and T wireless line Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Man. Neil. Yes, sir About Linda trip Perk going around Yeah, yeah We're gone around and the the talk show circuit or whatever just proves that Any publicity is good publicity. I mean she she doesn't care how bad she looks she is gonna pay for the So bad just people are just gonna make fun of her 10 times more than ever But you understand by now she's probably immune to the making fun of I mean at this all act on her part She's gonna be writing books. She's gonna be on then movies. I mean I'm telling all these people It's gonna be another new cottage industry spawned by this insanity you mark my words. That's true About another thing. Well Jerry fall well. I've never agreed with him on anything except for one thing. Yeah, tell it to be creepy Very creepy Yeah, well, I'm just saying. I mean I find myself agreeing with him and and I'm really about what that they tell the tubbies are gay gay a plot part of a Plot to convert our children is that it? Well, they're creepy enough to be maybe creepy enough to be gay Okay, thank you. Okay Created that's gonna be my autobiography creepy as I want to be How do you like that creepy enough to be a little sagots? We have an open line of day five six seven I mean Right here I got my winky. Thank you my hand or Nikki when you I'm sorry and It don't look you really it's just the stupid little lot dollars what it is. I mean really dumb It's not it's not anything just a stupid little you out of dollars if you like it you like it And if if you do there's probably something wrong with you So we'll see at the bath house tonight, sure Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir. I'll give you some comments on pecker gate. Yes first of all thank god it's over Second of all you know this whole impeachment thing and whether it was guilty or not It was really a big smoke screen and just go see show how most Americans had their head buried in the sand Right, you know the real story And what scares me to death and what scares the future what what I think from my children in the future Yes, and a special prosecute Coral powers of men like chemistry and the justice Thank god, is that okay independent Totally becoming a very sorry. I think in April this is spring. It's coming up and the odds are that they're gonna kill it. That's not gonna be new it Basically what they're giving me on limited powers and unlimited finances to go and Persecute not prosecute but persecute anybody he designed and if that is an assigning example To what you always talk about is the rising police statements country. I don't know what the hell is that's right I'm out can star in jail. That's what I said that would make me happy okay This crap is all over but let's just finish it off like the frosting on a cake like the icing the topping my throne is ason death row Unbeleivable just a man gone berserk and of course when you read about you know the Richard Melon's cave connection in the tobacco company all the other they forces behind and it makes you realize what it's all about Most people are to can't be bothered with that. Let's not go back to the beginning at this point Here's a lady mobile in West Palm Beach, Chilla. Hi, dear. How you? Great. This is the other one of the 20 I love you to death. Hey I keep thinking about hey baby come play a much long for narrow that song you had. Yes, man. Played it I would love to hear that it's possible also too. What you're saying about is our wife being taken away It is so true when we have to start taking a stand and that is gonna be one of my deals And why just take a stand if I want to smoke I'm gonna smoke I'm gonna start that's right because that's the way You want to see good one Exactly we saw saving private Ryan you're the night and we tell you something if those guys Thought and died for us for that reason and then Civil War and every other wars like that And again, we their stand up for them too. That's why we got the rights and freedoms that are taking our being taken away from us right now We have to go back and we have to stand up for those those freedoms and those rights It's not we're gonna have any Okay, see Baby And maybe hang it down what you think it's all Come play with my small I have a washcloth Even if please you're going down on me Oh Where is it under by the fog your ladies Well, they're up there You 125 at 560 WQM. Yeah, we all know you're full of crap George. Thanks. You know something about sex, but actually he really has no hand in yet I wanted to feel with all your fantasy Friday you 28 You Join when all you need is a light It's like having a feel of it's me and then finding out because I'm alive And here's a new tecronic Interesting A little too much chronic Yeah, I really do think it's not crazy Hey I think we're going to be for only TV show standing more in with jury fall well. That's still not whole you know grudges Tell us, Chubby's Huh, I could be on it. We're talking about that the video the show is wearing all the fat people around here me and boog and Hank and the the the beast the will the beast and the fat boy Jeff high and your favorite Josh Friedman who is really a monster in the business Well, we found and Jeff the fourth he's always getting really Orlando Orlando. Yeah, he's a monster engineer Julio engineer Julio is also an engineering All-forker Lots of fat around his joints, so I think we ought to join forces with jury and as long as I don't wear my purple shirt, I think it'll be okay Tell us, hubbies Here's pop at OB chill out. Yeah, how you doing now great God, I just want to thank it for your commentary during the vote, but I got a question. What was all inspectors vote about not proven? Yeah, I don't know our inspector is always gonna be off on his own thing like that magic bullet theory and a growing commission report to bullet one over here and went over there And then it went up on the stretcher and the and don't confuse him with the fact so we got a hundred guys in there They all are abiding by the rules. It's yay, you know, or nay a guilty or not guilty in this case And he had not proven you know and like they all all stopped the first time. I mean, it like everything came to a hall like half like what are we doing now? You know, and they finally said okay he's an asshole. He means not guilty And you know, it's interesting though that Fred Thompson voting innocent I'm the first one that I almost fall off the chair I know I nearly got into an action was behind the wheel at the time Because I think I already pressed it and I had it quick. I put my finger on it. Yeah, I got a joke for you Neil. Okay, have a great day Okay, we have an open line. See was a good call up to that. We just don't do jokes just a reminder for the audience. Okay, we don't do jokes because radio shows that the caller's calling do jokes. Those shows really Whoa five six seven. Oh five sixty palm five sixty you see I don't care what any right-winger on a radio whether it's law-dressed Limbaugh on a minute who it is I don't care what they tell you because they're obviously panoring to a certain mentality A certain constituency that they've developed over the years. I don't care what they say There are 50 people in this country who really believe that Clinton did anything that anybody else wouldn't do His political enemies are out to corner him. They're spending unlimited amounts of funds millions and millions of millions But ends with as many equity's been put in there by right-wing forces to get him out of there to destroy him They can't get him on anything meaningful so they and they know of course He's a home longer so they catch him on sexual pecker pillows And then you put him into a position where you know he has to lie about it And another thing see another big problem is we got a lot of dumb people out there who don't know the difference between Projury and lying they don't know the difference lying under oath is not surgery. No, that's as serily But even if a war nobody should still care, but they just don't get it But let me say it again. There aren't 30 people in the whole country even the self-proclaimed religion is sore Screwed everything that moves people like Henry Hyde. How's that marriage coming by the way that he busted up in West They don't care. They don't think there was anything in moral or grotesque In fact most of them which they were getting as much action as he's been Just think back to that piece that was on 60 minutes long before we got to this impeachment stage Were they talking with they showed him in the Vernon Jordan right in the right on the golf cart on the course? Like Wallis did the piece and what is the president? What do they talk about when they're out there together? They talk about f*** you okay? And we're not talking about spot the cat either, buddy Here's a mobile in Fort Myers, hello. Yes sir. I don't want. I respect anyone when they could talk about Fort like that last one of these What's your? But anyway, he only wanted this town who would met Stuart. I'll give you a number. Just don't want me to close that thing. But I wanted to mention about the fact that guy all of a sudden he just changed his mind He was like 360's like oh, you know, I didn't want the president to get him catch you Before it's like yeah, let's go get him. Yeah, he was really aggressive and all of a sudden yesterday came out and smell Yeah, you know, it's like, what would he do? He doesn't have time to sit around with this anymore because he's still looking for the bullet on that He's still looking for the best Richard Parkland hospital in Dallas. Yeah, we'll settle weed out here for miles to put all the weed out here. Okay, I'm a good son. I'm not sure they do have real good weed over there in Fort Myers. You think so? Yeah, I'm probably leaving everybody alone too. We have an open line a day five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line hand goldberg and two Kim Bo campber with six head Kaplan you can bet on it 10 o'clock tonight. Speaking of you can bet I guess I'll save this from Monday. The thing about the new satellite dish with all the racing channels on the the house racing Which in fact, Derek and I were just talking about that to track by tonight. That could open up really bad avenues. They've already got that on a small dish on Fox Pittsburgh 315 We're doing the daytime and that is why they call it teletrack. He called it wanting to do the number. Open it count of your credit card and you can bet on all these races. Three whole harness racing and the third bread Belmont and the. All afternoon long you can sit there in your home and as long as you got money in your account and that credit card you can pledge your brains out. The potential for that as much as I love the track it as much as I'm not an on gambling and I'm not an anti gambling. But the potential for that. Can you see that that's what they ought to get up here. Now that they got the dish up there get channel 315 go on for the guys. By the end of the month there'll be like a half of it. I was standing out on the corner of 441. I was doing both with a 10 cup with their thumbs up. That's right. 24 2 and 5. 60 QA. If you're in the bar. Hey kids are you tired of that neighborhood boy? Just on my lunch money. Shut up kid and tell him not to hold the mail next time. Next time fight back. He's bigger than me. No no no just tell mom next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery store. Pick up a pack of new shiitab candy bars. Shiitab? Yes. It's a new candy bar. Made entirely from recycled cow dung guarantee to turn your stomach. So next time. Alright kids give me a lunch. No no please don't take it. Just shut up and hand it over. Okay. Here you go. But whatever you do please don't eat my candy bars. Hey. Oh. Ah. This tastes like shiitab. So you want my lunch tomorrow too? We got a lunch. You got a little lunch. When you take a bite of that shiitab gas bar. Okay it's 142.560 WQM thanks. Good friend Chuck for bringing me a great combo chef salad here today. Without the extra spicy hot onions from the other day. That was good but like bird a hole in my public. But at any rate so a tech Kennedy was just on there up upon Typically they had some crazy bitch on there. Behind him with a big sign it said Clinton is evil and she was screaming and swearing up the storm saying Stuff like that. And then Bernie Shaw on see and finally said well I guess we better dump out of this right now for the Corrum sick. So too bad we didn't get a chance there was he had to say. Oh man. A lot of really hysterical. Well they just can't handle you know. Clinton is evil and he's getting low jobs. Wow. See you know this was a colossal waste of time in most ways. But. It did bear out what I've been telling you for many many years. And that this country compared to like civilized places in the world where I've been to many of them. And so juvenile and so much in the Stone Age and so backward and so uptight and so hypocritical and maybe people are going to start understanding that now. That's not just something some nutcase on a radio is saying down there in Miami. juvenile hypocritical full of crap up tight sexually paranoid pure a tentacle of sets with my new shy upset. Of course boy aristic as well. And actually we've got to look at everybody's bedroom and see who's putting their lip on what. We have an open line and Broward to and date five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 to okay cute. Okay two open lines and Broward five six seven. Five sixty and pound five sixty on it. See if he would have had better or a little duration we could left that on there. But you couldn't tell where there was an instrument F as in. Okay let's try a candle hello. Hello. Yes. I'm not a huge maple leaf fan but I will be watching Saturday and that's came for the closing of the garden. Yes sir. Holy early started by the way six o'clock pregame six thirty tomorrow night. Big extra began to after the game. I don't have the dish but I have to watch them to do. It's on the do's. Oh great. Well thank you to the managers to get a couple weeks ago but. Oh by the way the article I've helped you saw the paper that it's as the managers it looks like they're going to be selling them and it's not making it here. And everything about a thousand people a game is that you got yourself a sniper down in town here. Yeah. Yeah. He's doing it. Okay. Two open lines in day they're out of material all of a sudden five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line. How sad that all of a sudden just when my lunch shows up the over not a material. Should have known it. Especially especially on the ass in this week and you know something and just on on me did that bitch call back today. But when they invited I usually don't invite people to call me especially if they're ordering up not just like she was. But because I was so curious why anybody in her right mind and it's right mind would waste their time calling and giving me a lot. Oh you don't take criticism and you're a Howard lot of being your piece of track and whatever she was screaming yesterday. Then try to call back a second time like an hour and a half later so obviously she was still listening. I could be doing this for another 500 years god forbid and I still would never understand why people so check themselves to something that they don't like unless unless there's a part of them like I've told you many times before. Knowing at them in the back of their little tiny brain that says what else something what he says makes a lot of sense and you just can't handle it. You just can't deal with it. But she's probably a dittling with her little tell it to be right now. Here's more Latterdale. Yes. Card Terry number of trapeze to really. And unfortunately I wasn't there to be busted but I find it to be disgusting. You know when I was a kid growing up I was always told that this is a great country where freedom reigns. You'll be only rains is like the rain in Spain falls mainly on Uranus. You can't have sex with consenting adults anymore in a legally licensed private place. You can't gamble on a legally licensed gaming vessel. You can't even flash your headlights going down the road. There's a copy of the media. There you go because it's a police day like I've been telling you. We need to do meal. We need to legalize freedom in this country. And in closing I got a new slogan for American Airlines. If we can't fly you into the side of a mountain we won't fly you at all. Okay. And have a great day. Good luck pal. You'll need it. Another one of those swingers. Another one of those evil swingers who you know want to get laid. Oh you can't do that. This is America. Yeah, you're right. You can't do that. Oh my god. It's just the luck I said in extraordinary ways of energy and money. People are starving that kids are getting crappy education. People are illiterate. And we're spending money about blow jobs and line about blow jobs and was the stain to the DNA evidence match. And uh oh on and on and on and a bunch of sanctimonious asshole talking heads on their hour after hour. Day after day of our freaking lives. Thank god at least that part of it is over. Thank god. TGIO baby. Thank god it's over. Christ. Probably not still two at five sixty QM. You're happy station for the 90s. Don't take any bullshit on there. There's no Garin we're going to take, and then I'd be头 or You have been over-elected to play that anymore because it's got to line about this sheriff who's obscene and it was always about sheriff Nick the barber now we got Sheriff Ken Jenny. How are you counting? So does making difference whether it's a stack Bobby Butterworth Nick the barber or Ken Jenny?