Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami board Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers show to talk to Neil call 567-0560 told the record 8 hour or pound 560 on your cell network. The convenience of Neil is guest co-workers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, measly read acquisitions or the measly broadcast. OK now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAF Oh Neil my queen Go How I love the little clip and that is why I become a singing but the unknown If they're very castor when we're so impressed with what I done the AAP action with her son Oh and you can see, for their families that's just someone's number one The time I was on Nunner You're just found a way to make some passion hope to roll your people up because You're fired Nunn's don't get none I never made it that because I didn't look that great so I got the onion head It's too in drugs and getting way Had my one and only hit the center that it can get the folks that there's my big Now that I can reveal how much I wanted Sally to go whistling in my wee You know Why do you hate that man so much? Why would you do that? I already had remembered that even my age my old Speaking of drugs by the way, I don't want to talk about that yet So let me forget to talk about that I had a bizarre I had a weird I had a strange experience yesterday Woo! I mean well we'll get to it So George comes in here rushing in here why do you hate rumors so much? Why do you despise him? You ask me to remind you that's not the question I understand why what this says But why do you despise him so intensely for the same reason that most other people do is Sure, yeah, no seriously why do you hate the man he's cheap? He's arrogant Yeah, cause and he's stippin' me on the agenda that he promised Got me some crappy seats at the air Canada center I'll tell you then Really really bad suits his wife is a wonderful his wife is a sweetheart That's the only reason I like you were asking me the other day why everybody asked you why does Neil associate with Jeff Rimmer? Because his wife is a sweetheart I love his wife Seriously, she's one of the nicest people I've ever known in my life She's an ancient what yeah whatever that means But he you know he is what he is he can't help it you know he just is what he is But he got me really crappy seats with we could use some binoculars in there I will come back by the way because toward the end of the show yesterday, which we were abbreviated Because of that wonderful Marlem game yesterday I've gone hey, Eddie, you think leave on come on two games this year? No, I don't think so Just toward the end of that show when we find to get a little bit of response Absolutely incorrect you jackasses that were calling in there toward the end Well, you're always bitching out people that I've never said that people don't chew up at the macarina In fact all year long I've been saying isn't it amazing how lucky Wayne got with this deal Especially since his stock is down to lucky eleven and what is it? Is that thing about that republic stock that they finally gave Wayne a check because times are getting tough 11 nine The market goes up almost 200 points yesterday the Dow And auto nation closed yesterday eleven dollars ninety three and three quarters cent I'd be like that I like it What did a new rate What that was I talking about before getting to Wayne remember? No, I wasn't talking about him you were talking about him at length About the the people that show up and we've had great attendance all year long What I have been asking right from the beginning is why are these people here? And I asked that question yesterday and didn't get the response that thought I should get you know something I didn't get the response you don't want to know why because they don't know what they're doing there They're killing time and the point that I'm trying to make is that when you kid more and when you price the average fan out Even in a place that's hockey crazy or sports crazy whatever the sport like be like Toronto with the hockey And you wind up with all these other people in there you say these aren't the people that we used to have come to the games These are people that aren't just sitting on their hands. They're reading a goddamn book. They're in a coma They don't know what they're doing here And the same in a macaroon and no wonder I didn't have anybody respond to that question because they could if you held a gun to their ear head They couldn't tell you what they're doing there And people like that are the ones who are passing the stuff around and when getting on their cell phone Plastic posers. That's what we got. We got a PP stadium And we also if you just change it into you know keep it simple. Let's make it PP arena plastic posers Is what we mostly have in the macarooner. Oh, look. I'm here They're like I said yesterday they're waving a people across the way and there's nobody waving back, but they're waving as if somebody really pays It gives a crap that they're there Not to go into a big song and then to get about the people sitting in front of us about to have it does nothing Mommy and daddy and grandma and grandpa and the 17 kids and what and holding them up in the air and waving and anything they haven't excused away Something in front of your face just to make sure you can't see what's going on And that's why most people don't give a crap of that's going on or not whether they can see the goal like come on They're not there for that. They're there to pose. They're there to see and to be seen That's what it's all about And assholes like that are the ones that destroyed for the very small. I don't know what percentage is now those of us who we'd go to see and event whatever it is That's my point And that's why I'll sell second the emotion that I voiced yesterday if only one it says it just like default and I Scallon our default find a gross small pair of last two days Tell these assholes about that that NFL draft garbage These draft nix these these no life low-life jackasses that think that this and event that you'd require more than 30 seconds of their interest Who gives a crap Oh, yeah, but in lucky says the bird's gonna draft the quarter man. Who cares about the bears? How many bears fans that we have here Six how many sand Diego fans we got here one But it's another risk use it's another event. It's another hype job and people just all get sucked into a man people with no life They get sucked into it. Oh, it's something to do something exciting. Why is it exciting? Well, everybody said it was Greg read by the way has a cracked coxess Okay, I say that on the air. No, okay. Greg read has a crack I guess that makes it worse. He does this man. You know the word slum-ozzle if you ever heard that word Slum-ozzle is the editor who word that if you look it up in the yeti dictionary Greg weeds picture is next to it He had mono last week over the week before for like a long time spreading the disease around now. He's got a cracked Cox's Because they had a little accident at the pool whore sing around with the kids together. They're trying to be you know overgrown child again Trying to be something he's not like you know like a broadcast dude. That would also be something he's not I shall amazil He brings me a letter that was it came in this morning W2QM is the address Sent to Sheridan Street by the way are we on Sheridan Street anymore? No, why it's been a bottom month They've been off his Sheridan Street for these that people are a little slow and I'm the part of the envelope Greg read Take a look at this take a look at this handwriting postmarked Broward by the way Probably somebody over the age oh It says get rid of Neo Rogers and it's spelled C. Ronni a Sam we know you wrote it even Greg said this Sam wrote this state letter We're on the same you know how we know it's spelled with a D ROD G E R S like that add in the Marlins opening day a program Get rid of Neo Rogers put about of his misery the low life that listen to him will not be missed the numbers that listen to him must be sick of him too No name no nothing just Crackly old nasty hateful miserable scrolling handwriting so if you just sand the sham Or it's some old fart and Broward some miserable all the disgusting part who is listing right now By the way just like the asshole that called the worst in this morning calling it about Kristina moron is leaving Which we already knew that? Doing everybody a public service and this guy calls in now I should have known right off the bat that this guy was a major asshole. Oh We're sure that I miss Chris moron. I was broadcast If there are hockey fan in the world that would miss Chris moron the broadcast No somebody who refuses to describe the game. No, no But this guy obviously knows nothing about the sport like most people here and then he goes that about well Opportunity for guilty and he has to throw in the gratuitous shot well I hear they want a Neo Rogers, but he's not of the right persuasion to broadcast those hockey games Well, I have bad news for you sir because I'm gonna be doing the Panther games next season How do you like that? So blow it out your ass mister Neo Rogers will be doing panthers hockey next season here on WQA Markets up 35 the NNZX up 22 I don't know why you hate rumors so much just cuz the seats were bad. They were your seats you didn't go there He didn't get you seats in April. These gardens are a couple years ago that had you jammed in the corner like into the bricks in a corner somewhere And we need to see they may have been admitted miles away remember, but at least they weren't obstructed you that's something I don't want a good thing I could say about oh, but you can see me you can see me. Yeah, I could see him up there You know Could see him up there in the press box putting on an axe flipping me to bird But as far as seeing what was going on in the ice especially if the other end forget it Correct It's for my mouth I want to Merced in every end of top of you and take it out my mover painted boots to Give me an impact And they'll see through the wall. Okay R. E. P. D. I. O. N. I want to train your balls. I want to love it. Well, we have you and you do a short movie And that I'll give it a bow in the morning make it That's big as it's a green sun So you take up and some on a rack on the surround you're closing to and make your wonder where We're mixed up with food that some are a Anxious on a circle side R. E. O. R. E. D. I. O. I want to train our ball That 15 at five six you've got a QM You're manned it. How do you like that? I'll write come up six to ten Moesters on a road without team with that team all boy and then ten o'clock we had a caple With the odds on whether these no lives will make it through the weekend with their NFL draft Oh, but you don't understand it's important stuff man. Yeah, right garbage here's speaking of garbage here today's great letter The editor in the hero and it won't be very significant It is a dumb letter. It's only one sentence But wait till you're who signs it when I tell you who this is only I would have noticed this In fact, you know every now and then they have those things that are put like in the one edge They're like messages like with kidnapings and ransom notes and they put a message in the you want it Well, that's maybe this was put in there for my benefit and I didn't miss it The letter says could be possibly the bomb in Kosovo to keep trying to get off their front page Question mark. That's it signed Tracy Foster in Miami Well, the most of you probably all of you that means nothing except for those of us those of me who sit in here and get these facts out of machine every morning And this scraggly crazy wild writing almost every single day of my life comes in here virtually all of it addressed to the worst team by the way, not of which they see because this isn't the effects machine for the sports nerds So all new people like he'd factoring stuff for the sports people in here and goes right in the circular file immediately not sooner Tracy Foster is the name that's usually on the bottom of those letters If you could just see the handwriting the squally hysteria the psychosis You would understand and there it is in today's Miami hero Oh, great letterly editor from Tracy Foster. Nice going. Oh, speaking to her all by the way, there is something good in there, but I should have known it was Oh, great From my good friend Howard Kleinberg Nice going Howard This is this is to me one of the great columns that was ever written in the history of this town That's as good as Howard's a friend of mine and a good guy and a long-suffering panther fan Dinner at the famous that was great food. I'm gonna read this little later. This is bringing out you probably never ate at the real famous did you know Not a little spick like you. In fact, it was your people at room that When your people started coming in that's when the famous started moving up So how what always happens the Jews get pushed out and then some minorities come in I don't want to mention any you know any specific groups but the Jews get pushed out and the next thing You know my no where you start coming in and up there goes the neighborhood Oh, sure What humans didn't bring any neighborhood down On the beach There's no way out the Mary O'Lito's didn't bring down part Oh Mary Lee those little count those are crazy prisoners. Oh, okay Here's the rail hello The rail Eight minutes and twenty six seconds and counting our first call of the day Yeah, get with it. Hey, what's going on Neil? I do answer. Hey, I pretty good I couldn't agree with you any more on your statement saying that would be impressed out of sports Absolutely I would not you know, see it's about your plastic poses these are the people who can afford to show up for the most part They're not there to see the game that they'd have put on his big act for each other And the point I was trying to make yesterday, which evidently I didn't put over very successfully was I would for the most part Rather said home in a comfort of my living room and if the game is on TV for free Why should I go there and and be surrounded by a bunch of people that don't care about the game in the first place and who are there to To to smooth and to interfere with my ability to enjoy who needs that and don't forget to look important on their cellular phone Right, if I could get a the cellular every time like I've I go to the gym right I actually see people in treadmill on the on the phone on the treadmill On the treadmill what could you possibly talking about reading? He maybe they haven't phone a bone sex. He talk about being plastic men and as far as yesterday I got And satisfaction seen the morning get clogged especially the picture what's his name Levi Levi Levi, oh, it was great. I've been done had a great song about him. I remember that can leave on when six games this year What do you think the number of those? No, you think they're gonna do it like I think they will definitely lose over a hundred games this year Oh man, oh and Alex is on the the the deal by the way to see that Alex Fernandez, which maybe he'll come back and maybe he won't all the way. It's not as bad there And they have all these athletes here. They have to send the Alabama with something on their knee Yeah, that's that probably the first and I list for named is all sent to that doctor in Alabama Cause find it a good doctor down here. I don't have to tell you boys like looking for a needle and a haste Yeah, and as far as getting that stadium and downtown no chance I didn't want to make all these jerks that were on here just a week or ten days ago And like it was a done deal. Oh, yeah, it's not a question of if it's just a question of where we're going to put it You know, not a question of whether we're going to have a stadium where we need one or the public is going to support this How in God's name could anybody with a brain now with this garbage product They're trying to pawn off on a public where there's no interest whatsoever. It's very obvious How can they expect anybody to spend any money especially in the town that's already bankrupt Exactly, no chance. One one thing before I go near sir. Are you played something for me about two years ago? I think it's called I heard it on the radio No, I saw it on the radio. Yeah, could you play that for me? I'll think about it. Appreciate it Okay, yeah 560 50560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line just like one person call here and say we need a baseball stadium and believe me I'll get really pissed off and fired up Baseball stadium. Are you people out of your mind? Is that the problem? We can have another another another place for plastic Pozers to go who don't know what the hell are watching and don't have any interest That's what's happening your sports boys and girls. They have priced it out of the realm of the ordinary fan and their families And those people are really want to go the people that used to be able to go that actually give a crap about what's going on out there And so now the people who are there like I said although they are spent yesterday three hours in five minutes couldn't get an answer why did they go? And they can't answer it. They couldn't tell you because 90% of them don't give a flying crap about what's going out there out in the field on the ice whatever the hell it is There there so we can be impressed by their presence Like an holiday time. Are you impressed with my present? Huh? No. Yeah, like I thought. Are you impressed with the free seat you got for remember there? No. Oh my god I mean if that's the best you can do you know If that's the best you can do I'll I'll talk to my good friend Joe Bolin I'll talk to Harry Neal. I'll talk to the people on the inside up there. I want to go back there Maybe I didn't enjoy the air can of the center better if I had good seats and I could sit with the real fans Not over there in my section where everybody I mean at least only scored five times in those first two periods I didn't stay for the four goals in the third but five times I'm up there screaming and shouting and they're all sitting on their hands I felt like and and I'm not gonna say I felt like I was back in mind because at least if nothing else here When a panther score we will not see in the goal light they're up there. You know Why I'm not sure about they're doing it? You're gonna excuse to make it makes it look like they really know what's going on Oh and by the way I've decided I had that tough dilemma. I am given away a bar to me. Did they my tickets for Saturday? Panthers in Tampa Bay But I decided to go to Marna because they you know Kirk McClain by the way played great last night Denise Pothan that dumb frog comes up with a new name for Kirk McClain his name now Sean McClain Hey call them Sean McClain last night great night great going there got Kirk Oh out out out out of what two nothing But that's not why I'm going oh and so if we got a Sean McClain then our the goalie must be Kirk work Is that what it is? Kirk Burke rhymes with jerk which is you Denise you idiot you dumb frog Which hopefully will get that tape today But I've decided I am going tomorrow if Beth Cohen gets to sing the national anthem because we got the Montreal Canadian so there will be two national anthem Tomorrow and I want to hear Beth Cohen sing O Canada Maybe we'll hear from Beth today. We love your bet you're the best Come at the end of the year we finally got somebody that can sing a stirring great rendition of the national anthems I just go on Beth here the best sweetheart and of course why not have a juicing and sunrise You know is not appropriate have an a Jewish lady. I mean you know the shparts of the but they black guy He's very good what was his name? Sean Eburn something like that The guy with a little earring with no hair he's excellent, but not as good as Beth I had to say that not because she's Jewish not because he's got a son tan But because she's a little bit better. He's great Which he's better here's plantation hello hey, you know how you doing okay, sir? Hey, about 15 years listener and ever called all right. I've been the looking forward to my broadcast to Panthers hockey That's all calling you about yeah, is your partner still gonna be Randy? Yeah Is that a yes yes, I'm believes. Yeah, I've been the all 40 all but two of the of the game Yeah, I've never imposed on you And not because I don't like you force on me for what just to say hello stick my you know I put in your face or yeah, well, that's good I hear you can see the goal life from up on the sky level where you'll be calling the game. That's good All right, now if you only placing you see it by the way. Yeah, and if you look at them up there Good luck to you guys. In fact, that's always been Easter pop-end of excuse blinded by the light And I go show on the clean okay, thanks. That's a good luck. Okay, see you Just got really believe I'm doing the games See I would be great because I have called hockey and I'm probably one of the best in North America next in Joe born But the chances of my working for Wayne Hizinger if there any chance to that course not I mean, I could say to Greg read here. I'll do the home games I can't go on the road and scrub my schedule of this show because that's where we'll make all the money on this show I could do that and the panthers would say I'm not gonna be a suck-ass cuz when you work are involved in anyway because you don't work for the radio station You work for the organization So you have to be an ass sucker you have to get to tongue out licky licky licky and I'm not gonna like Wayne, you know There's some things I look you know, but not Wayne So who knows what evil lurks who's gonna be the next radio voice of the panthers Chris Moris out We have something real hockey fans all ten of us in this not ought to be having big parties all over the place Oh six years not of not of mediocrity six years of totally Rotesque unacceptable work Making the most exciting sporting event in the world sound terminally dull and boring only that red that orange Hell I headed jerk parvry junior only he thought that this guy was a hockey bro a caster And only because he never heard anybody do it be besides him You know, it's like if you went into a doctor went into a doctor's office and they drew blood, you know And they let this big jogging egg wilt on your arm Like the one I have on my left arm right now and you thought hey, that was a great job You know, it didn't hurt too bad If it was the fur the only time in your life you ever had blood drawn you wouldn't you know You wouldn't know that doesn't have to look like that. It doesn't have to feel like that. You know what I'm saying if they tied the turnic it around your arm Like ten times too tight before they took the blood out and they left it there while they were talking up Pappa pappa like that And you felt like you were laying to film like all of a sudden you became an orthodox Like you were jones in for some much and it was middle of July and you couldn't figure out why Huh then you would know if that was your only experience you think this was great It's like the thing with the ice cream I was talking about if you only if you never had any other flavor besides vanilla You think hey, this is pretty good stuff You follow what I'm saying If you only had sex would like you know rose and bark you think you're not that You know 1026 if you only had sex would like for Daniels You're a rocker's cat Five hits and I'm weak it. Me and me out for the piece I see like that ball here I go again Pappa pappa cheese makes me want to snack then I lie down going to take a nap And then I'll get up and I'll make a drag a couple of toast and the buzz is coming back Now I get a thrill that I roll that way talk about my favorite good thing you'll see Mix the Mexican ketchup I sell you a letter to I hope they roll up all the phones to pass I hope I hope to take that here and say I'm back for it just where I got over the With the illegal grass grow This would stop that give me all the things I'll drop 1032 at 5.50 WQAM so anyway we just got a copy of our good close personal friend David Halberstim's book sports on radio in New York Which that little ass sucker that little put Very jackass was quoting from here a few days ago about Christine and more On page 89 and this is an interesting book by the way Of course, I'm just leaving through it and boy brings back a lot of incredible memories Even if you're not from New York But if you know all these sportscasters here's even two pages of foster you in here How do you like that eh? Well, here be a noun said that's ever been born Here's the young Marvelle Burton here before we start making all those backspiting comments And here's the great GM Woods. Here's the Poofer Jack Rick House Johnny most we lose Rob. Here's chicken man. This is great stuff I don't know. I don't know. Here's the Gary Thorne. Good guy. Gary Thorne. Does he good job a little bit the hysterical. But he doesn't good job on ESPN. He's doing these pot fan, but so anyway Here's what it says about Christine the more evidently Dale Arnold who is terminally boring Who does the Bruins games on this and he preceded Chris Moore and Jersey with the devils games And it's talking about Jean Hart the one time flyers for many many years great broadcaster It says hard had a definite opinion on Arnold's replacement in 1988 on WABC It's a TV call referring to the style of Chris Moore who got his NHL break with the devils And then unfortunately David Helbers then goes on the suck Chris is asked he says Chris Ben force He didn't do Jersey appeared in what he did a good job of ricking in a woman color commentator Sherry Ross more as easy going conversational style was quite disarming and abling Ross to feel comfortable behind the microphone Sherry a one time reporter returned to the newspaper after four years unlike Susan Waldman who's done some color Sherry was not quite as emotional or vehement in her own opinion While Moore was criticized for a non-radio non-descriptive style He knew hockey and would make bold comments that other play by play people would be afraid to make If they continue this open style they won't win this one sentence is quite redeeming in captures a thousand words Huh when Moore wasn't renewed in the Jersey 1993 He was hired by the expansion florida Panthers and has enjoyed a successful career play by playman and talk show host No, not in soft florida Mike Miller was solid technically accurate and answered more in the mold of Arnold followed Moore at the metal end with the devils But this book looks pretty interesting in fact, I think I'm going to read it today. Here's Ted using anybody member Ted using oh course not Going way way back they hit this in jackbuck sports on radio in the europe play by play history by David Halberstein Lots of good pictures in here. There's the microphone sessa and Chris Russo And all sorts of folks Aren't rust any interest no and things so here's a mobile and pombie chill out Hey Neil yes sir Oh, I got an idea for all these people that want to have a baseball stadium with a dome I can move the marlins to the Miami arena probably have a salad every guess I got a dome that's right Inside And we're just I have to cut out to make room for the baseball field. Probably have about 1500 sheets that should be enough Yeah, I would break that and back to it. Can you imagine a crowd that I use that term loosely they're going to have out there by July What a good stuff be 100 it was 94 on Sunday with their 14,000 amounts they had out there for Alex Hernandez And if it wasn't been for those 16 tubans that came out to see their hero Alex Fernandez you can imagine what kind of a crowd or what it been There's no there's no interest just like you mark my words there will be no interest I'm giving away these tickets and my personal parking pass for the Tampa light name for the lightning pantheist I'm going to be here on Saturday and let me practice it by saying this I will verbally assault anyone who is going to go to that game Ripply I mean it's a free country if you got to take it that I love the old line well how many paid for them? So what does that have to do with it? You already paid for it It would be like if you went to the store and you bought like a six pack of beer and you drank one of them and it was like a you know 20 years old Stay old sour rotten flat whatever was and you started drinking the other ones that well I might as well drink them because I already paid for So yes, I am going to like attack anybody who plans on going to that game Saturday the Panthers and Tampa Bay What it what could you possibly be thinking of? What kind of a life could you possibly have? Did you have that much spare time on a Saturday night that you would go to see such a grotesque excuse for an event? Here's a mobile and Northwater deal hello. Hello yes sir. Well I hope that I am the one that you want to rag on about the hockey because You're not only your my only call they don't want these tickets I'm this is going to be the first time in history of this show I'm given something away that's actually worth like fifty seven times 250 bucks and the parking about hundred three five bucks there will be no takers you watch. Well I want to tell you I want to be the taker and I'll explain to you why. Yeah, I have an eight year old son who plays golly on a roll of hockey team. Yeah, a roll of hockey roll of hockey just a five six seven. What what are you laughing about? Oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line you'll see there will be no interest in these tickets. I mean what kind of a bird bring but go to that game on the lightning and the Panthers. Two teams not only not going to make the playoffs but two team two of the worst. I mean the path is just decimated with injuries and even when the injuries are forgetting about the injuries. Not too much to write home about either all year. I mean for the kind of money that they're charging and I don't care what anybody says they've shown up in big numbers like I said because they don't really care about the product out there. And Wayne's very lucky about that once again he winds up with a big horseshoe and his back dome and all that stocking worth a crap. The kind of product that they put out there these last two years the fact that anybody is willing for getting about paying for the tickets just even to show up. That's a major miracle but that's you American F and Wayne. I'll see you with the whole sports field. It's like you're supposed to feel obligated to go even if they go out there and put a garbage product out there in front of you're supposed to feel obligated. Even if they just soak the crap out of it if they squeeze the light blood out of your abank account you're supposed to feel like oh well it's my duty to go. Hi, ladies. How are you? Aaron's coming. Well, I was strong out on drugs and a few down the road because that was filled with his urine looms. Look, I'm up in the mail with a crowded at the end and I'm a friend of the door. Oh, right. And fella, we just can't turn in yellow. You're present on red through. Your business under the enclosures in a field where the woman who's never seen you. She was a totally won't you give me 12 steps, give me 12 steps. Five, six, six, six, six, six, six, seven, seven, seven. You've got to have some, enough, but not show up. Turned out, it was the floor, and you're there. Once you give it well, step, give it 12 steps. On to give it 13, maybe more. I'm getting real tired of throwing my pages. Then rolling one more for me. That's me in the meantime. At 44 or five, 50 WCM. Of course, if you stay home and watch all these sporting events, you can't have nobody a spiller beer all over you. What fun is that? Here's the fact that says, Neil, did you hear that Chris Moran is leaving the office? No. Did you hear that, George? No. Didn't hear that. Check the Harold Sports pages on the second or third page. Have we heard about that? No. That's interesting. What are we going to do now? Yeah, we were told that, you know, we ought to want to knock off, Bluff Lindsay. Pushy Golo, our program director, because he did a good service for this morning. Direct TV had turned off our thing in here, our subscription. And my thought of it at the beginning, maybe we had been lied to again, because you know, these people don't pay their bills. But anyway, they actually had paid this one. But they put it on the wrong account. So Bluff got on the phone there with the direct TV and about to be, but I'm going to really book stuff and got it all straight enough. And like, according to 10, there was our stuff. There's right there. There was the St. Jack Lals has been tremendous at this. Yeah, right. Get on it. So, it didn't even want to rip him. But he comes in here yesterday and like during a commercial break, any talks have to me like whispers like, like somebody had just died. Seriously. We want, this is not for air. And I want you to keep this real quiet because we don't want to put this, like, like, seriously, I like somebody had died. And he announces to me that Christina Moore, I won't become a back next year to the pad, which I already knew that anyway. But we didn't want to put it on the year because we wanted the Panthers to announce it first. We didn't want to pre-ent their opportunity to announce that this bozo, this total absolute waste of space, is not coming back to monotone his way through the games next year and put everybody into a coma. Not just a bad performance the last three years, the last six years, ate a graceful performance, taking something that exciting and making it terminally boring by refusing to like inject any enthusiasm excitement or even describe what's going on. I wonder how they feel about that in Toronto, eh? Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? You're in Toronto. Sure, yeah. Nice to know why Toronto is on Sunday, by the way, but then you couldn't get out of there. Hey, well, this way, we don't want to take you to the super-dairy left. Oh, yeah. If the eating center, right. If we've all got a little bit of one. I'll go there. Look over there by the by R-B's there in the food court. There was another one on the floor too, I think. Oh, that was far to hear that. It happens to the best of us, but. Oh, hey, it's happened to me. I cooked those in North Carolina. Oh, and that's a good place to leave it. Oh, listen, I just, why have you been in the air Canada center? Yes, I was in there for a basketball game because we can't get near a hockey game. They're sold out from about 400 years. But, uh, not see how to roll a bus for the Raptors, but for the Maple Leafs, I was so depressed and disappointed. Now it's a beautiful building and except for the fact that the hallways are too narrow, they have great food out there. It's a Minnesota food. The hallways are too narrow, so it's jammed up real bad. Uh, but inside it's beautiful. However, the atmosphere in there was a sterile as the inside of a bandaid box. Oh, absolutely. And you know, the first thing I asked the guard, those stupid idiots that the waiters would have taken the orders. Exactly. You never would see that in Maple Leaf Gardens. And Maple Leaf Gardens, the people were there to see the game. They weren't there to, uh, it's likely transplanted a whole bunch of plastic people from down here. And we moved them up there. And then every time the Leaf scored the first two purits, they're, you know, I'm on my feed. I'm screaming. I'm cheering. All the people around me, they're in the Red Seats. They're sitting on their ass. And I'm not exaggerating. There wasn't one other person. I mean, down in a plant, I'm sitting in the gold. I guess that's where the real fans will have spent that much money. They were cheering. They were on their feet. But in my section, I might felt like out of place. Like, what am I screaming about? The thing is, you don't get real friends in that game because they're, they're cameras and are still new. Yeah. So you're getting all the plastic people coming up. It's a place to be seen. You can't get a real hockey fan. We'll never get to a hockey game there. Not for like, it's enough for like, the next 400 years. Isn't this pathetic? This is what's happening to sports everywhere. They build these new venues. They overpriced the tickets and all these plastic posers line up, pick it up all the seats. And like you said, they don't care what's going on. They actually are busy ordering food from the little, uh, the order taker there with her little, things she's doing there with a computer. They're passing visas and master cards back and forth and cash up and down her role. What kind of crap is that? Uh, it's ridiculous. And you know, now the Leafs are thinking about they're deciding whether to sell, playoff tickets to the general public. And they probably won't. Of course not. Why should they do that when they got all these suckers locked in? Yeah. No kidding. So listen, so I'm calling about those Panther tickets. Can someone fly me down? Ha ha ha ha ha. Believe me, you don't want to see this. Even even the Leafs in their worst years never played a game. Like, that's going to be Saturday. The Panthers and the Lightning. I know. I mean, why not? They just cancel with that. Exactly. Well said. All right. Say how to foster. We'll do. Okay. Call from Toronto, eh? Oh, there's a guy knows what I'm talking about. Why can't they show it beyond all over the world instead of just down here with these nose pickers? Yeah, you're going back on you. Where are nobody else? Some of those people in the last 15 minutes yesterday. Some of you morons out there. I have said right from the beginning of the year. At least I'm consistent about that. You got all these billions of people showing up and why are they there? Did I say that right the beginning? All these people that don't seem to be interested in the event. Whatever it is that they're supposedly somebody is paying for those tickets. I'm not impressed by an asshole on a cell phone and having traveled over much of the world. I hate to break the news to you. But they're on cell phones everywhere in Italy. That's the big thing. I'm a streets of Rome. All those wops over there. They're on their cell phone. Okay? Because it's new and exciting. And I guess they feel it's, you know, it's the American. It's the American, if and way. So they want to feel like, you know, and it Amsterdam. They're on their cell phones. But here it's old. It's older than Methuselah. Okay? Everybody even sluppers have cell phones. Right? With the prices nowadays? Everybody can afford a cell phone. So are we impressed by the fact that you have a cell phone stuck to your ear? No. No. Just like I'm coming home from the airport the other night. Oh, brother. I really should write not a book. I should write a series of books. I could write a book on my visit to the doctor's office yesterday. I could write like an encyclopedia on that. You know what I'm talking about? I think you might know what I'm talking about. Oh, come down. And I could certainly write a book on the driving here. And forget about the driving day and day out. I'm just talking about in terms of coming back from trips out of town, which I do a lot. Try to get out of the airport, which I talked about last week about how the idiots don't have any money. And you said they're just trying to pay your way out of there. I'd like to get home sometime before 4 in the morning. You know. And then give them that again out there on 836. And here you know, it was on the pulmetto. And let me say again, the biggest asshole in the world clogged up the pulmetto. Those other people out there assholes clogging up that road. And there's a broad and leptan lane. And at this point, it's getting close to 103. There were it's a, it's like an eight lane highway at that point. So this four lanes go north and south on the pulmetto. And this young bitch, she's on the phone there. She's going nowhere in the left hand lane, okay? So I finally enabled it and she's just backing up traffic. She's going like 45 miles an hour and a speed of a 65 or whatever it is. She's going way under back in everybody up. So I find to get around to the right and I pass you around to the right and I always do this. When I pass an asshole, I look to see what is it that's behind the wheel. Like yesterday I had that happen to me. There was a dead man in his dead wife in the car. Seriously, dead man driving. It was on sunrise bullet at arm going home yesterday. And there was a man who has been 400 years old driving at his wife was 380. They were both dead and they were driving in car. Barely, barely moving. In the left hand lane of course. So I get next to that. Look, and here's this young bitch. I don't want to say anything about her ethnicity, okay? She was white. She was, but anyway, it was in higher league. But anyway, she's on the cell phone, okay? And she's like, well, I happen to, and I'm going to tell you. And I'm all alone in the car. And I started unleashing a series of obscenities, loud, screaming and yelling and carrying on the likes of what you may have never heard in your life. I was so pissed off. You miserable disgusting bitch, okay? You like that? She was so happy. He would have a good count. We said, look at me. I'm driving. I'm driving. I'm in the car. I got it. Yeah, she's got a key. She's got the ignition key. She's a dangerous bitch. She's in the car. She's moving it. Not much. And she's on the cell phone. Have an wonderful time. She has had to be a smile on her post. Maybe she had her finger. Yeah, I only saw one hand. She was going so slow. She'd never had her hand on the wheel. Maybe that's why she had such a big smile on her post. Bitch. The disgusting obnoxious young bitch. Get off the road. Part of it. Get out of our face. We're not impressed with your stupid cell phone. You nauseating obnoxious bitch. And have a nice day. Here's a number of clients. Hello. Any other choice? What is it? I said you should write choices books. Very descriptive. Yeah. You should write them through hell. What those old blue hairs. Obviously use the white muckels on the steering wheel. That's the scary side. Yeah. That'll get some nervous driving through there. So it's going to be asleep for this weekend. Okay. 560560. See, there's the difference. We had the call from Toronto. We had like a real living and breathing person on there. And then we had a call from Pembroke Pines. Okay. Anybody thinks that I exaggerate or I make up the things that I say about this area. And the people here and the callers we get. And just in general, the callers are reflection of this town. Right there. Just compare the two calls. Okay. Like a real honest to God person and that. Whatever that was that. That thing. In fact, every day I come in here. You know who I speak to every day on this show? All of these things. Right. By the way, so this guy finally facts me the article from the New York Times. You never read about it here because we get no information about anything here. And he was right. Sir, I apologize. See, I doubted your veracity, but you were right. Harness racing. Three drivers suspended. Not that anybody here cares about this. George Brennan. Howard Pauke and Jim Morrell Jr. We're suspended by the New Jersey Racing Commission. It has been suspended six months each and five hundred dollars each. As a result of what officials called on satisfactory performances last month. And it goes on to describe the race and about how we'll see. Parker had to have a favorite, etc. and so on. And in other words, the perfective paints is spatiously low. And the trifecta paid unbelievably suspiciously low. An investigation revealed that the better was Parker's show for the cash heavily on the exact and the trifecta who transported him from pre-old of the metal lands daily. The better earned 24 grand for his wages. But has been unable to collect six grand because the judges order the permutual who owned those clothes when they came to suspicious of the payouts. The better who would not identify as Howard and attorney do have the winnings released. Ha ha, alright. And Brennan insisted yesterday and that telephone interview all he did was follow the racing instructions of the owner Yati Adiati. Right, that avoid Georgie and I was going. And they wonder why people are staying away from the tracks in droves. They can't figure it out. All the old track goers they've died off. And they wonder why they can't attract that new young crowd. Oh, it's big and gambling by the way. Got a whole bunch of stuff about that. Of course, leave it to the Harold and good old Governor Jim. I thought we were going to get those slotted pompadal parking all of her mutuals. I've been here in my good buddy Ted Snell, blow them smoke about that. And evidently he has been blowing smoke because his eyes suspected Governor the bushmider the bushman. He has vehemently opposed to any increasing of gambling. And of course he's that goody two shoes. And here's another note to Christina's the message remains clear. Leave that a turtle in the Harold today. At least they just keep banging away and banging away and banging away. Oh, state is right to fight federal order allowing Indian casino. That's right. When and out, stop them out. That's what the Harold says because gambling is evil. But if you turn to the sports page, check out those ants for those gambling cruises, etc. and so on. And then turn over to the inside page. There we have the latest line on a girls volleyball game from Elmairah High against the Virginia Tech. The Harold is just what it is. That's what Tracy Foster said. Come to you, ladies and gentlemen, my family, we are dead. I'm the real old man. I'm the real old man. I'm the real blackboard John Feele, black black black black black. Even though one hand is catching it's the welfare. Oh, fucker. I'm on the horse and we're swimming. It's sound of the Southern sport. He's so street-y. Me and the red and we're up in the catford season. Oh, and out of the sand to it, the shore is your thing. When they count I'm loaded to baseball games. The sack is loaded and here comes that fan again. And if it's play by play, I'll be baby old. Play by play, I'll be ready old. Play by play, I'll be so it'll be old. When I'm the splinter to magic in your sky, Then I'm like, maybe, not tonight. Burning in bed, and my clothes are printed so the guy is in the air. Oh, fucker. Then it's out of the sand air, but you somehow will feel. You can smell the hot dogs and taste to be. They'll be excited, with the crowd we can have to cheat. They'll be happy to play by play, I'll be ready old. Play by play, I'll be ready old. Play by play, I'll be so it'll be old. Play by play, I'll be ready old. Play by play, I'll be ready old. Play by play, I'll be ready old. Play by play, I'll be ready old. Play by play, I'll be ready old. Play by play, I'll be ready old. Play by play, I'll be ready old.surer that the plattert trick the shoes we call them in five. Play by play, I'll be ready old. Play by play, I'll be ready old. Play by play, I'll be ready old. Play by play, I'll be ready old, play by play. I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the Oh my baby did it he did it he did it Oh that's why I thought I heard a voice behind me in Toronto, He'd been sent a Sunday going like that did it but in any way to good book Dave Halberstein I'm getting goosebumps just looking to the pictures news Marty Glickman, Aldi Raghadas, less chitter anybody remember less chitter? No. Greatest the boxing and answer in history by the way. Less chitters been Hawaii for a hundred years. He's great. There is Spencer Ross, Anybody remember racing from Roosevelt racing from the anchors with stand bursting in Spencer Ross? No, of course not and Dave Johnson before that Nice call out. Oh, by the way, we're gonna be talking to Dave Johnson on derby day of course May 5th. I won't well, let me round me don't mention the call him the blue the call the other day I did see that race. I heard default ripping them again just lay off okay Defoe your just jealous cuz your buddy still self been. It feels a good guy, but don't put him in the same category With Dave Johnson and Tom Durkin, please okay. He blew the columnist red. She saw the yellow cap And he didn't want to call Pat the anyway cuz like me. He don't like Pat day. We're not too big on those born again for business But we'll be talking to what they've the great Dave Johnson no matter what default thanks Probably lost a bit on it race. Here's a mobile and Davey. Hello Mobile and Davey, yes, sir This is Joe Talk to you today. Yes, I'm caller. All right. I want to the first game of the season this year Gonna rip me for setting this but I mean, yes Was it hand I game right. I wasn't yeah So here I am wanting to go to the last cancer game and I figured it's gonna be my best chance to actually see them For the price I can get them with all these I don't know if there's many scalpers out there But I got to imagine they're gonna be going cheap tonight tonight. Oh You know all the lip the game might yes I'm not tonight. I mean that Saturday night. Oh, yeah, and I I would like to have seen a better game. I should say But being a fan of the fan that I am Sorry we are those panzers. They really blow. Yeah Yeah, they're tragic. I think you're By the way, let's Sean the claim nice game last night. Sean even though that was his first name anymore But nice gone great game last night in goal. That's your release name one that game and out of it wasn't that interested anyway I guess all that's very I hate to break the news to my good friend Jeff Romer these pot fans But why don't you worry about Kirk McClain getting hurt in the crease there? They'd call the penalty shot Okay, the reason the guys after it's centralized and all the rest of the teams are over by the bench They'd call the penalty shot boys maybe I never saw anything like that in my life. Okay, remember we'll never live that down as long as he lives They got a penalty shot the most exciting playing hockey which is called maybe only 15 20 times a year in a whole league Here's a penalty shot coming against the panzers which McClain stopped by would you see that last night? If I did yes, I did see it Welcome to Denise Pothman where like so distracted that I mean by that time a claim was already Often he was laughing he was fine. I mean take a look around and see what else is going out there boys Okay, hold on, paddy got it all right and enjoy the game if that's possible Thank you. I appreciate it Hang on all right Okay, good guy to run the day. He's a good guy given the tickets and a parking pass That'll get that out of my here. Okay, and I'm not gonna rip me want to go for free These are great seats at least you got good seats pal and don't blame me if those people happen to show up Saturday night And hold their babies up in front of your head. You can in fact you won't be sitting in those seats again probably so bitch him out So hey put the kids down and cut the crap here already you maniacs See one thing I don't understand about that family. There's there's one guy that shows up who's always coming right from business He's always got a white shirt on you know and he brings his little girl and he's I think he's the brother of the other guy that's his in front of us And he's great. He's a good guy. He's his girl is like Polite that she sits in the seat and there's none of this crackle when I was him He's part of that same family I believe But the other guy and the wife and the father and the mother and the 25 kids up and down and up and down and back and forth and waiting And every possible way under the sun to make sure you don't enjoy even even if you could enjoy Which most of our games you wouldn't anyway? Even if there's a child image chance that you might enjoy it no chance And that's that's a message. I try to convey yesterday and again today and just like the guy from time glad he called from Toronto to verify what I told you I have the reason to make that up That experience of the air Canada Center on Saturday was devastating to me unbealingly disappointing Forget about the crappy seats that remember got us and now far away. They were even setting that aside the same boring Tired old war now crap on a scoreboard there with a gene all those clips from the same movies I thought that was something originally we're doing down here But again, it's pre-fabricated. That's what you have in America now all over North America Pre-fabricated sporting events with pre-fabricated fans pre-fabricated excitement pre-fabricated applause Dad, then I'm not for that. I don't go for that I'm old enough to remember when you go to a game and there was no although all those other trappings And you got excited because you were into whatever was going on and hopefully it was a quality event and yeah, there was something exciting going on maybe not now Very sad. I knew Fuck you There was no farmer who lives on your eyes He said in the middle just shaking his head that some boys who were down by the brick They're beating the water there in on their marbles and glazing then at half past four their team A young lady she looked like a pretty young creature She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumples and leaves and white club beat up She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children So they would not spin while the boys in the far yard were show well They wrapped you standing there from yesterday's hunt while the girl in the middle was rubbing her eye That the fellow down by the dot even a black-up man with a side of all home in the country with a big fence out front If he has to phone like least you show him burn this dope at dog who was subject to fit and Maybe she left him grab hold of her small tender and with the movement so quick and then she'd been over and suck God is candy so tasty made of butter sky and then he spread with cream all over her cookies That she had left out on her show if you think this is 30 you can go 14 a.m. 50 W.M. I'm telling I'm getting such I'm getting goosebumps looking in this so they've helped her stand Problem is down here most of the people down here grew up either here and Never heard any of the great broadcasters because they couldn't hear those stations follow over the country like we could up north Or they grew up in some foreign country. I want to mention no names. You know, so what they know about sportscasters Here's oh, and now we get to the part here's all the x-jax. There's go dodgola. Oh my god And Phil Rosudo and Bill White And the most the most illuribate one of them all fran healy. I mean it's not even a contest. Okay The thick tongue dored fran healy. See when a jax took over sportscast and then when it turned to a trap So yesterday speaking of that I was a George told me as usual bad information I was asking where can you get those icons died bars the very low carburetor not that they're very good there But it's something you know Something better than eating crap eating was a candy or somewhat a lot of carbohydrates and all his wife goes and gets Bags full of the public. She says so I go to my public. See after the afternoon I scoured I looked high I looked low. I looked in the diet foods. I looked in the health foods I looked in the candy section. I looked under every goddamn section that I find them And I went to Walgreens. I looked around in there. I looked up oh and by the way, you know those I got to tell you something seriously They're got to be how come we're sitting here? Why are we making millions every day? There's so many stupid people out there I'm at Walgreens and I'm looking back where they have the slim fast and all that direct and They've got all these bar but diet bars and I look at the carbohydrates on these 50 grams 35 grams Low in fat but Loaded with carbohydrates is anybody got to probably lose weight with that crap. No, no Even if that's all I eat is those bars, you know, I have it doesn't have a day. They're gonna lose weight No, I mean I happen to have it doesn't times five at times 50 S 300 grams a day of carbs couldn't find the goddamn acnes or whatever what do they call those advantage bars and The only advantages that they're low in carbs not that they taste very good and you think that you know our good buddy Bob Lincoln Would you think that he'd have brought us a whole back full of those My good close personal friend Bob Lincoln that did those two great trips to a Practice and practically put us all into our graves Zeba lost big in He's the best he really piece of he's a good guy He's okay, where were y'all? Let's go Well, he brings me a lot of free stuff okay He and he hooked me up with my good buddy Richard there. I know's European flights Which I'll tell you all about it after the next one and see how good it turns out to be Get me off that Martin scare airline I mean Martin there is okay. It's the price is right, but if you don't mind being cramped up like sitting like real I can't like in a box in a shoe box for eight and a half nine hours. It's okay Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, yes, sir. I need to do one great We can have a acting. I'm gonna ask you you mentioned those Tyson beef strips right I want point Where do you get those? Look like I'm finding them sure they're all all the publics who gone Then in the freezer section know what you know where they have like the frozen bags like Stir-fi stuff stir-fi chain. That's where you'll find them with the Tyson stuff and the frozen bag thing This is what they old bags in publics and one more thing you had once gotten a scale one of those professional doctors scale. Yes, sir. Where did you get that? Where do we get that George from a medical supply place in adventura in adventura called we don't know what it's called? I forget just looking you're in the yellow pages under medical supply And you find some place near you they're all over the place. They're they're expensive. How much did I pay for that like two three hundred bucks? 300 bucks Yeah, well Like I said get a get a crappy old scale Okay, yeah, I got the grab a deal. See you crappy did you get the tape From the guy that he yeah, yeah, now yet he promised to and believe me the minute we get it you'll hear it Thanks a lot, and you okay pal Good luck There's another guy that we'll try to lose some weight all you fat people out there. I'm begging you. We got to lose some weight We got to lose weight. I know I've been to hockiness for the last but as long as you're still breathing Kiss the ground that you're still alive by the way what we haven't for lunch today Well, you know I I'm beneath these meatballs the guy with a real nerdy voice to call her at Friday It sounded like a dip shot, but he was right I can't be eaten meatballs and you know something Red crumbs add nothing to meatballs. You know why they put them in there? Fillur don't know to hold them together That's the only reason they put bread crumbs in meatballs And so that they don't all come apart while they're cooking them like in whatever they cook them in and they have no taste bread crumbs none Don't you think we can find some of that makes meatballs without bread crumbs with that guys. Oh, it's big and a place that makes meatballs I would be remiss since our good buddies got more free publicity The acidy link it's got out today, but I'm sure we won't get one up here maybe tomorrow. Maybe for lucky. You know the best of that issue Well, guess what the best radio station they picked Zeta. They find say facts over this part They didn't facts over the best radio personnel. They're just they didn't want us to see they picked you know We're Daniels Probably but best place for pizza and Southwest Broward George guess I'll give you 48 guesses in the first 49. Don't count pizza lost yes Chef proprietor Jeff Cohen in business since 1975 knows the secret of living up to his only restaurants claim the famous the world's best pizza It's a by the way. It's not the world's best be. It's good stuff But I mean that's ridiculous. He hasn't expanded to a channel restaurant but kept the focus on what establishment with a ceiling for 180 We're sure there's a killer pizza toppings range from traditional to exotic the secrets in the homemade tomato sauce topping and Adoso tasty won't leave the crust on your plate. It'll be in your underwear No wonder the way to hear this no wonder the women's bathroom has a wall of favorable reviews and an autograph picture a pizza law fan Dan Marino What you see he knows that you're gonna be spending a lot of time in the tea room. I mean like immediately after you finish the last bite I'll see I listen I got to make a quick move here quick movement So they have plenty of time to read the stuff in there because they're gonna be doing a lot of Time in there. There you go. Nice going ponytail more free publicity. He's probably feeding him free over there at city length But we still haven't seen the right to that Here's a mobile in park land. Hello Okay, and I was talking to you whatever that was Here's a mobile in candle hello. Hey, oh, yes there are you today. Okay. I read the Miami era this morning I just want to know which is how much weight an apple is he got his first paycheck in three years He's thinking it's first check in three years, but the good news I got the article right in front of me here the good news is shares of auto nation closed Monday at $11.9 and three quarters 93 cents they would have to nearly double in price to reach the exercise price of housing is options So I guess we're gonna have to like you know raise it to take up a fundraiser form because times are really tough for auto nation We'd public whatever you want to call it. They're in the crapper. I'm telling you so his opinion is probably only worth 600 million now, so I'll be take up a collection. Oh my god. She's like he really needs exactly All right, you have a good day and back to you. Yeah, Wayne gets his first paycheck Come on. Let's cry some crocodile tears for a good old way and let's score them all over the place First check in nearly three years from auto nation and of course you can understand why because they're losing their ass Especially people that bought that stock. Ooh 11 and three quarters 567. 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's the great gym gore. Anybody from New York remember gym goreden? Huh? Remember him? No He's in his book by Halberstein here's the great gym. What is the possum? Boy was he good He worked with uh my he worked in a lot of places, but he worked with the Bob Prince and Pittsburgh on KDK and a pirates for seven years He worked with the Yankees with Mel Allen red barber for years in New York work in St. Louis on KMOX with Harry Kerry The possums him woods. He was great There's been scully and you know something I've never been a Vince gully fan the last night I'm scouring after the last talk he was on I'm scouring and I'm coming through the baseball package on the small dish and there's the Dodger game Dodgers in Arizona Which by the way they sure draw out there and Vince gully courses doing the game on fox and as much as I'm not a Vince gully fan It's just so refreshing to hear a voice that you know that you recognize and somebody that at least is a broadcaster as opposed to just another dumb ex-junk Well, here's Bill Maser boy. Look at that picture You talk about an old on flattering picture not that he ever looked good Bill Maser who started a course in Buffalo Anybody remember him from Buffalo? No, WGR no Bill Maser and then much in New York and became like legendary on a radio there's a sports us here's Marty Glickman again Marty Glickman Five six anybody remember any of these people oh then things so 567 560 see I'm in the wrong place. I'm in a place with people and I don't know if these people know what do they know? Do they know anything at all? Where have they been do we know? No, do we know? God oh don't let me forget to are we the circle Howard Kleinberg about the famous nice going Howard Seriously, where have you people been all of your life the people from New York what did they do when they were up there? They get like lost in the subway and just keep riding around and around underground. Is that what it was? Huh? They never came up for oxygen All of people from the Midwest I mean any of the things that are the least been interesting to me Do they have any concept when I'm even talking about oh like that story about the three drivers are at freeholds They wouldn't know a selfie if somebody stuck it in there. I don't know what that is oh You mean the buggy horses is that it the buggy? Speaking of that here's poppin oh hello Speaking of older than there and how about Jerry Eisenberg you've seen your book who Jerry Eisenberg? I never heard of him I know the New York. Well, let me let me look it up It's Bill Maze there on sports texture channel five New York Eisenberg. I wouldn't lie. No, oh with an eye We got Bob Eisenberg here with a real bad hair piece in our sales department Not in here. I can't recognize all those names you were throwing out of you? You remember Jim Gordon? Was he New York? Yeah, oh yeah, he did the Nixon the Rangers for years No, I'm originally Gordon 45 years. He was on the Europe there Definitely more to build more to click more to go. Here's Bob Murphy a lion drive in the Ralph kinder who even with a stroke doesn't sound anymore Then he used to be four hiders quarter Here's Harry. Here's Harry. Harry. Harry. He ain't sounded too good these days In fact, I came across the very end of the cumbying yesterday if no one I got home and I'm sitting there wondering where the hell is Harry? Ghost to show you how you know I'm saying for just a few seconds a mother where the hell is Harry? And then I realized oh he's dead You know they gave him a statue outside of the big leaf field Yeah, the very least but I knew was scanning the baseball pack is last night Amopon's been telling you know it's unusual to find just one man in the food doing again He still doing it by himself and the hands to run What the hell is the deal with that little work? That goes to show you don't need to have all these other illiterate x-jocs in there The problem I'll got started with Monday night football as you know The concept that it takes three people in a booth to be entertaining into a ball game. It's a bunch of crap And then when Jimmy decided to call it quit at the coach, he's gonna get that job of Monday night football Oh god, I'm done. That's Hank's been talking about that for the last couple months Ever since Jimmy said he was quitting then came back like 20 minutes later And Hank was saying that he already had discussions with ABC and that if he leaves he'd got the job Great, but I'm wondering if that game last night and I've seen it before in the air was what's a little runaway between the pictures Marlin home plate The diamond back field yeah, watching it's just like it does it's a third half That's a throwback way back If you ever see any pictures from the real early day baseball, they used to have that I don't know what the hell they would call that but I know what you're talking about A little leave they really draw out there though in Arizona. They really are packing in I was recently in Vegas, I know you've talked many times about the rosewood grill right and I went by during the day Trying to find out what was up and it is very I mean there's no like land entrance to that thing at all It's really a little door on the side yeah, and I'm trying to find out what it's about because I Well, what do you mean what it's about what's just taken the steak and lobster plate? Okay, because I went when I was saying I ever it's very expensive and you know I mean it's okay. It's very good, but I still say if you want a great steak with Chris has got a beaten All of them and there's two of his Chris is out there. There's one on Sahara drive-in on the way the other one is Well, I stayed at New York in York when I was out there and I spoke with the bartender One of the bartenders there as I was playing and he was saying that once and I whether he's right or not I don't know he's like a cat of a tourist trapped if they don't treat them not local the real good in there That's when you're experiencing all the real grill. Yeah, I always had a great time in there Is I ended up being a Gallagher is in New York here because I'm standing to take house Not that you're ever gonna be there, but anybody's going out there when it was a real good Real good experience at Gallagher is inside New York or okay and a question for you Yes, I go back last night. I don't know if anybody forward it to you yet about a Parents who are chewing everybody in town because they're oh, yeah, I would go to that Take the list of what he has to imagine you but forgot to take so I'll put it in a crew well, you know what that is That's the American way exactly. Have a good one and back to you can beat that gator me So how gay do you want to look today pretty gay like Flip it grating gay or just kidding game. No like a really gay. Great. I mean How gay do you want to look today come to gay cuts and we'll give you the perfect hairdo to suit your alternative style You was at Tossie Bings looks thing are the two layers thing around the fat no matter how gay you are Gay cuts can fit your style and don't forget to ask about our new special P cuts too from backshaving to crack shavings Gay cuts will do it all. Yeah, but fast and just takes my hairy ass if you could do something about that We both do really just spend over and say For me. Gay cut how gating you want to look today. Oh, I don't know I'll think about it. Well, this is a great book. You know something this guy got screwed over so bad here Dave Helber Stand it makes me just my blood boil think it about that Michael Mayo hold the mail Well, by the way, you know what the you down there french fries name shit in Mike Mayo you feel funny baloney you piece of turd I bet you I bet he got he may pop wood the day that heard Helber send got canned by the heat I bet he was walking around like with a Woody all day with Woody Grayboro all day. Sorry Woody I wouldn't wish that I'm Woody Grayboro anybody else. Oh, there's a John Sterling one of the all-time worst One of the most bizarre one of the most psychotic one of the most unacceptable broadcasters in the history of the human race How do all these losers wind up in New York? That's why I don't understand These they have all these great guys and now they wind up with people like John Sterling and Fran Healy and the scooter and oh man unacceptable Even the ultra wig sounds good compared to some of these guys and he's pretty mediocre. Hey Well Canadian Here's sunrise hello. Hi, yes, sir. I remember Warner Wolf Warner Wolf who created what's go to the video tape What do you mean you remember him he's not still on? I well I was in I was in that area, you know left in 1989 So I was up there for 15 years and he was there when I got come Warner Wolf isn't in this book I think you may be too recent of it. Okay, anyway I came to the line he's still doing that let's go to the video tape crap local Western channel 7 then he moved to CBS which is two But that's what I remember and of course I remember Bill Mazeer yeah and started in Buffalo and WGR Buffalo He's through the Buffalo Bison's baseball games Minor league baseball back in the 50s and then he went to WNBC in New York in 64 and Looks horrible by he's still alive in the I actually remember watching baseball broadcast in Virginia my grandfather's house And red barber doing the play by right and now Alan right you know early in the early days of one of the most embarrassing moments A red barber's career he did in between innings these to those live Valentine spots remember Valentine beer with your sponsor And they had like in front of broadcast booth there were these like a flower Whatever you call it like a wooden thing would flowers in it and he got done with a spot and held it up to his looks like he was gonna drink the beer and then he poured the beer out in with flower But and he didn't realize it was still on camera. Nice going red Remember the trademark for Valentine make the three ring signs sure The reason I called basically was about the acting stars and what was the beer that sponsored the pirate space ball? Oh, I wait a minute Um No, Iron City. What's what iron suits? What are they up Pittsburgh? That was a regional beer Action bars, you know, you can get them. Please tell me. Okay, do you like some porium and jack around You know the ice cream store? What is it called? Delights and porium and jack around it? All right with a new publics Yeah, I'm sitting in the parking lot and hop What would you mean with the new publics? Yeah, they built a brand new publics at the opposite end of the parking lot from the old one It opened it up and it's more like a super public got the Delhi in the snack bar in the whole nine You're the bakery. Are you talking to not feeling clear? No, no, no, no sunrise and University just right there jack around it, you know they call a jack around the closet Oh, I know you mean the place that was like all torn apart right right and there's a delights in there You know, they re-visit a rein figurated that whole strip mug and they got a new bagel place right in party center right Well, that deal likes has them and also sugar free marketplace. Oh, no All of a sudden starting to go into a coma Well, I mean that won't be going near there any time soon Yeah, you're right it's not anywhere nearby me so I won't be right The best place because he's got them there. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Thank you He didn't say sugar free marketplace. Did he did he say that? Oh, the place has got a lot of stuff loaded with trouble hundreds Oh, he didn't say that Huh sugar free bubble. See, let me say it again. I'm I said for the 10 minute time You know whatever you want to do. Okay. It's a free world I just give my advice based on my own personal experience and believe me Especially after being to my hyperventilated doctor yesterday. I know my crap. Okay Even at the Eden Center to Ronald. They know my crap. They're cool smelly from Sunday What I mean all of this low fat and sugar free Hey, you look at the carbohydrates if you're one of those people that has a problem fat because you can't handle carbohydrates And by the way, somebody facts his mean this information glucose and fruit dose increased fat in the bloodstream See some people think that if they don't eat refined sugar that if they've fruit toast You see that that's part of the propaganda from the health food nuts over the years As a matter of fact some people say fruit doses better for you because it doesn't cause the same rise in insulin levels after me Let's say which is important to thy bet is however It seems to be particularly good at raising triglycerides after meal high in fat So if you want to just keep polluting up like defoe as in the morning and like the booster just keep eating your substitutes fruit dose and glucose at a set of them so on It says they did they this is really interesting They tested the fat levels in the blood of 22 subjects who on four different occasions consume milkshakes Made alternatively with no sugar fruit dose glucose and as per tame Nutri suite fat levels were checked after fasting and before the study participants drank the milkshakes then every two to eight hours Then every two hours for four hour effort eight hours the investigators found the amount of fat absorbed from sugar sweetened shakes with 38 to 60% more Than from the unsweetened or artificially sweetened shakes and that the fat stayed in the bloodstream longer after the milkshakes were consumed So the no sugar of any kind was fine and also the Nutri suite the expert thing was fine But they flipped toast and the glucose and all these other things Cup of crap Did you oh you didn't see I'm asking did you see these facts you don't see anymore good? No, that's because this right behind me now I get all the facts is direct well, there's one it's kind of interesting Here's a stack they see on the atkins diet a can of canfields diet chocolate soda in a big glass add some ice a couple of tablespoons of Liquid whip of liquid whipping cream liquid whipping cream What does that mean and top of either cool whip or whipped cream total one carb one car People by that chocolate soda for long time. That's great Canfields yeah or can of dad root beer in the same as above total one carbs It's a last longer for you to have a spoon and the shake too. Also pre-made meatballs in bag and microwaveable available at Sam's club Tpong bag zero carbs It's in for well, they don't let me in there. Is what are I by my house there? Oh, they won't let me in Oh, it's ham now. I don't like the ham anything. Don't you have to have a card to give this same club? Huh? I think so. Yeah Why don't have no card? I only live like I could walk from my house to there in 30 seconds on out We don't want you. You know like your kind And now a moment in black history with Raheep Abdul Jabbar Navy was a pillow woman just barely getting by and so to cook up some then-line and rhubarb one day Amazing laboriously squeeze corn cobs extracting it oil until she had enough to fry up her green Her ovacy a cleatessola saw this and instructed me to squeeze oil from corn all day long He bought it and stole it under the name mazola oil now. What is up with that? This has been another black history moment with Raheep Abdul Jabbar Yeah, but one number is you were okay. It's 144 at five 60 WQM. Here's a mobile and cross-brings hello Yeah, one of the ropes still on CBS right that's what I said in fact They had a deal on TV a few months ago where he was going on one of his ranchers teeth fell out and flew at the camera Yeah, I read about that right. Yeah, oh speaking about local boys that made a big in New York boy Gary Remember him no Boy Gary. Well, here. He was our program director. I would do you to me boy Gary from Howard Joe there No, I mean in me from I would say I think two different people no same guy same guy In the real nerdy looking guy. Yeah. I must have talked about him this morning He's given his opinion a radio people and he's cracked boy Gary's the single dumbest human being and radio Absolutely correct right that's it Neil. I'm out of love. Okay. Thanks. Okay. You don't think we've talked about the same he might have been Of course, I guess he never met any of these people here five six 70 five 60 palm five 60 on the AT&T line In fact in the Halberstein book there is a picture of that I'm isn't here from 20 years ago and he looks 110 in this picture Man some people age gracefully I mean you know getting old is that nature is evil because God which you're never to do that What he oh and that's another thing about my back is busy yesterday as bizarre as it was he kept coming in with a God He used about four different occasions to throw the god thing in there like you know We can debate about this now, but even though I know you don't believe it someday when we meet again, you know You know that stuff You know I'm talking about yeah, we've got to become how do you offended by when the god people start to when the god stuff in my face When I'm dirty, we'll get a medical exam. It was a bizarre hour and a half. That's all I can say Dr. Markett was very Strange course he probably doesn't remember it, but it was very very peculiar. It was very unusual And I have a big big not something to that bad not not nearly like the one I had at that clinic. I want to mention the name of the place from Cleveland Where did I had the big lump on my arm? I mean sometimes it was two people take blood and they just find the vein they hit it just right and you don't feel anything And they take that they take the blood they pull that needle up and you see there's there's not even like a pimple not a nothing at other times They take it and it's like oh Like there's a goddamn mountain growing on the inside of your elbow Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Oh boy How long have they been holding? I'm sitting out in front of a client's house a long time 29 minutes and 56 seconds Blaine George for that. How many did I there this long? I haven't been waiting that long 27 23 19 go ahead. Okay, you're right now. You're interrupting her. She's right at talk after you kept her on hold for half an hour You look at you kept her on hold. No, I didn't know I I taken the order you put them on there and I still can't talk I'm sitting out in front of a client's house. They keep looking through the window to see if I actually gonna make it into the house But I my battery died so I have to Stop to the car and twice finish a couple of things First of all when you're talking about Don I miss a second ago. Did you ever see the movie Anna Condah? No, okay John boy Within that movie and he I must look a lot like John boy looked in that movie. He was really bad No, was I'm just his brother's afraid in that movie too because I noticed I miss his never anywhere without afraid Maybe he was the snake could have been did you you have a hero, right? Yeah, turn to the local section the death There's a priest and they're the died of AIDS Yeah, you see that the braward section no the mining section. Well, okay. Well, I don't get it Well anyway, there's a priest and there it says he died of age related brain cancer What a surprise pre-signament a priest died of AIDS? There's no fact in the church not only bags of good AIDS I mean that's a mess, you know, then then I know by the way speaking of Miami If anybody in pinecris ever wanted to be a fact in the church Yeah, we heard you anybody in Miami ever thought about robbing a bank and pinecris this would be the time Does all the cops are on killing and drives giving out tickets for speeding a ride excellent You're I talked to you actually a couple weeks ago about the ad cancors right and you made vomiting noise Well, they're not you. I mean you're not going to tell you why them, but the least there's something to pacify you That's that's what I need is something to pacify me because let's face it the ad can's died in a Voteself is so boring It is so terrible It's scary is that if you get so bored you won't eat that much no Some of the public has them have them just like some of the public have the Tyson B Strip and Miami there's only one public that I've ever seen that has those of them and not a real great selection But at least they have so you had the Tyson B strips yeah, and they're good I think yeah, and they all said the chicken strips too, which are sort of like if you wanted to make a chicken Seas salad or something right have it in the freezer or just some chicken or whatever whatever They also have them at Norman Brothers And it is really awesome You can go to the espotor mine 100 years ago. I'm not going all the way down there I love Norman Brothers, but I'm not going to kindle for you know Atkins is gonna be there at the end of this month sometimes $10 He's having his big crews with Bob Black in the Sunday in fact I've been invited by 20 different people and put in my doctor yesterday He was also gonna be on the cruise to be there on Sunday and I said no No The last thing is you were talking about the famous. I'm gonna cruise it won't be on a boat. Yes I've been married 20 something years and when I was dating my husband who was I'm Jewish my husband at that time was a last Atticable now he's left everything Oh my father decided to take the two of us out to the famous Stuff him full of Jewish food. See how he reacted right he fell in love. Oh yeah He ate the stuff grandma he ate the commission He ate everything my father was wearing that was the best restaurant that was ever in this town You used to get they used to cart you but had a complimentary wheelbarrow ride to the door after you were finished Yeah, you need it never walk It was so good and I remember when they sold it and tried to reopen it I think a couple of Cuban guy bought it well, how are I'm gonna read how our climbers are Talk about it today and he goes to the whole history about the different attempts to reopen it in the names of the guys And what they did do it how they boochered it and destroyed it etc And it had the rudest waiters decide in New York right? It was just to respect but that's because it was on the beach. Oh, yeah, but that was that was the old beach before it's gentrified You know all the all the whenever The people with more money move in they forced everybody else exactly that's why all the scenagoggers are starting to close That's why they're trying to combine on the beach. Oh That's why they're all moving to both here, right? They don't have any more people over there. Okay, so you'd aren't Well, listen, thank you see you for saying okay Dinner at the famous that was great food just how are climbers gonna read that in a few minutes eventually I get around with great Column nice going howie See old farts like me and Howard Kleinberg we remember the days when this town was really something when we had on the beach Yeah, it tickles and kneels there on Altan Road and you had the turf pub down there at the foot of sound See now what you got I'm sure there's some of those restaurants that are good all along the reading and you know What you got is basically plastic it's like like I said go to the games the people are plastic the whole atmosphere This phony atmosphere the phony enthusiasm it's all plastic on soundbeats that whole scene is plastic In fact it's a miracle they all don't melt in the hot floor to sun Plastic phony fake God it was that that you and I'm sure before I came here in 76 And it wasn't too much long after that. Maybe it was my fault that could have been it I don't think so was the early 80s. I don't want to mention who came in but I Don't want to mention those Mario leetos and The Mario bullet lift all your bad guy. You're got commoners to write whatever you have right Because I wouldn't have lost you the town turned into a toilet that may be in the bad guy and a lot of other people Of course you can't talk about enough because they moved the hell out of here long gone Here's the lady in Miami. Hello Hey, no, yes, man. I just wanted to say I was watching the game Saturday night and I happened to agree with you. I was wondering why every time Toronto scored no one shared no one stood up Just me and some people down there in the planet many expenses seats But I couldn't see you because you know the seats that Jeff got you you were probably really I was in like way off So I was so far up the camera couldn't get that angle. I'm sure Like what I was I was I was bleed seats. Thanks a lot, remember no is bleed. Oh, they're five rows below Yeah, five rows below the ceiling is really worth yeah Exactly and then last night I was watching the game and you know getting thought of it and they were playing all the same cliff there You can hear him in the background the one where you know it's not over and right They were playing the Howard B. Alom is you know he says I want you to get up right now Go to the window and then every arena they cut it off They won't let him see him as mad as hell because there's little kids in there and God forbid they should say hell So they cut it off and they go on say let's go a senator And they play the same song. I mean they play the same song for an open again See like I said yesterday Gary Batman you win the people who are orchestrating the thing that is destroying the league Every sport they do in the same damn thing you can go and it's getting to the point now We can go to an arena in Miami in Toronto in Los Angeles anywhere in American North America and the ambiance is all the same plastic Crap same film clips on a screen same cornball crap I went to the old maple leaf garden So what did you do? What did difference yeah, and you know why go to the air Canada center I mean I go to the National Car rental Center. It's the same thing the United Center all of them you're right Exactly the same you're right I'm good crap just like I said about the beach plastic. Yeah, well, I wouldn't go there and I live in Miami I go to Fort Lauderdale or Orlando or wherever Get out of here. You know where people speaking was yeah, that's why that's why I always go to the software I say speaker learning was there All right Neil, hey here have a great day. Bye Yeah, I could throw a brick from my house to the saw respect. I think they're gonna start doing it That's what I should normally start in building it. Oh, there goes the neighborhood Number two tourist attraction in Florida and you see guys Regiment when I tell you what a boring estate this is Number two tourist attraction the state is a shopping mall Without without even it doesn't even have a magnet store, you know Doesn't have a birdines. Does it have a birdine? No, doesn't have like a Nothing may cease no Penies just got like a penny's outlet store You know where all the people are kind of forward to shopping or meal pennies go. I don't want to mention Something huh, don't you ever go out of that pennies outlet mall? No, sure or two What what is the stock? It's a bus bus bus bus bus bus bus bus bus bus bus bus bus bus for black people and the same thing with that jc pennies outlet store black people shopping there And once in a while me With I don't mind shopping in there, you know Maybe I should start going yeah, you should go in there you got a little uh in you Okay, where we going here's a mobile implantation hello Hey, how you doing pretty good sir? Yeah, I'm first time calling great and I was in a one of the little stories over in public The other day and I was at the pharmacy and on the At the counter of the pharmacy was something called a diabetic bar. I'm a green man a diabetic bar Yes What a hard Does it get bar that diabetic skin right and the firm I side of it said I decided to pick it up turn over the other side I look at it the carbo hydrates There's about 18 grams of sugar in it Yeah, and this will speak for diabetic. How do you like that? And I went to the town Either killing people every day with this crap with this garbage and I had the pharmacist I said you know, I how can you go ahead and put something like this out there? She's like well, I know I looked at the same thing. I don't even know You even know because they're into selling crap. That's what it's all about America loves to buy I guess that's what it is yes, sir. Well, thanks a lot. I appreciate it and have a read life. Bye 560 50560 on the AT&T wireless line where am I gonna get those guy there? I love the fun public What already been in here by now? I've lost it with a big bag full of that crap and it is crap, but it you know at least it's something I'm sorry, you know, I I'm all for the acnes diet and then oh stakes and lobster and shrimp and omelette But how much stake and lobster and shrimp you want something else God, and I don't want cheese cake if I ever hear anybody say the word cheese cake I'm gonna have another accident to my pants, okay? I don't want any more goddamn cheese cake Christ You know what cheese cake is like cheese cake is like a cake made out of holova It's like dry. It's like tasteless. It's uh crap is what it is It's gonna have cake has a nice that a big moist Betty Crocker double-fudge sick cake. There you go. If you're gonna have cake, which I can't have that, but that's a cake You're gonna have a pie go to Denny's and you want those mother Hubbard's now what they have mother your mama pie Moe I'll tell you Denny's is not exactly my favorite place, but boy those mother Hubbard pies The best It like that that's chocolate cream pie and Boston cream pie. Why am I doing this now? What what is wrong with me? Huh? I'm losing my mind now with this crap get the honey tune. Yeah You Man he's asked America with they wanted it and all you can eat breakfast A lot of food. I want a lot of choices. Hey, good pancakes. Today's anyway. I want them. Oh It's sausages those sausages that look like dodgers. Yeah, the ones that always come stuck together. Why is that? They don't want a warm dinner. I hear the sun fast food place. I want a warm dinner. He landed landing Count you how I want it. I want bacon really fatty and weems the one you pick it up. He's really Dupes off your finger and eggs with the yolk broken so they're out of your rock And I wanted to buy a fat solid waitress with a mustache so I am the excuse to stiffer Hey, we're gonna be back now And I don't want to stand in line. I want to wait in line to get seated for a really long time They do that at Denny's. Lenny's. America others and you all you can eat grand slam breakfast venue at Lenny's It's everything you already expect of Lenny's just a lot more of it at room temperature Boy, I should do love those mother-humpers pie though. 12 out to a five 60 WM how are climate rights? Denny what the fame is that was great food which I can only say huh After the gefilter fish in the chop after the chop liver and after the chicken soup with three months of balls and egg noodles I pulled back from the pass-over saider table and thought just as I do every year. I'm stuffed. I'd like to opt for the skeleton dinner The skeleton dinner appetizer soup dessert, but no main course was in my memory point at what it was once One of my mebeaches most famous restaurants and appropriately called the famous On 1977 my mehode restaurant reviewer referred to the famous Deskeleton dinner as an escape hatch with everything else being shoved onto the table who needed the main course The restaurant at 671 Washington Avenue was founded in 1945 by Morris Lerner the site has a history in 1934 was the tiptoe bar in grill in 1937 it was leaving his restaurant and beginning in 1938 it was a restaurant operated by Oscar and Esther Bernstein the famous under several owners had a lifespan of 36 years a died in 1981 a victim of the evolving Demographics of South Beach Plus a change in people's eating habits heavy food was on the way out salads and fluff were in control Those of us still around who patronized the famous will recall how immediately upon being seated The coal-slaw pickle sourcrout and several kinds of bread were put on the table followed by a bottle of Seltzer and upon request a chocolate syrup for a make-your-own drink of New York origin While nibbling and drinking you then faced the crisis you order a full meal or just the skeleton dinner Knowing the appetizers on the skeleton dinner include that I am such a stuffed Derma Knieches and all those other exotic but filling Eastern European Jewish foods and also knowing that the super What was to follow chicken soup with mottable's or noodles according to the menu They're usually got chicken soup with mottable and noodles. You thought twice about a main course How much can you eat after the soup wants to look at a boiled beef like and or stuff cabbage? Oh god, did they have good stuff cabbage brisket or beef or pastrami style smoked duck so you opted for the skeleton dinner Sometimes if you already had ordered the main course, but were real nice a waiter or waitress would let you off the hook when you play it Please, did you could eat no more the order was rewritten as a skeleton dinner and as a reward you provided a little extra in the tip Learn a solar restaurant in 1964 to Harry's Zuckerman who later sold it to his son iri and son and la lary winkler Winkler eventually bought it iri's ockerman share But things were changing for the famous when I hosted my parents 50th wedding anniversary dinner with the famous in 1980 The number of patrons was already declining neither the marial influx nor the art deco south beach movement Let itself to chop liver mottable's and pickle tomatoes and April 1981 winkler close the restaurant Planning that he would reopen in November before that however he released a business to one favoli and Eric Velasco Cuban Americans who openly course their an ocean who owned a course their an ocean haven hotels The new owners reopened in December kept some of the old ethnic menu, but served lobster bisc instead of chicken soup periay instead of shelter They couldn't make a go of it and shut down I remember that I went there when they reopened I went oh oh my god Yeah In August 1984 the famous reopened as a gay nightclub and restaurant and again the menu was modified this time to include Spanish and Italian foods and addition to American style food this too had a short life While the strange of yetish may be gone the building host of vibrant establishment today in 1985 It opened as the strain still one of south beaches popular late night spots nevertheless The ghost of Hungarian Gulosh. Oh The best the memories of skeleton dinners and the groans of overeders permeate the year as a heroed headlight of 1981 reminds us the famous is gone But the heartburn lingers on Nice going Howard. Oh god was that a place huh? And I think at all I've placed it crack down there all those phony drug addicts silly a simple in Queens People like Mickey worked desperate for attention 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's my Nb tell oh Anyhow you know a great listen two names that I don't know if you mentioned don't shadow it to build the big whistle and Salmacino Salmacino I mentioned that's Chadwick with it with an a former referee that they put in the box with the booth with the gin and Gordon Is it right he's in here he's in the book. I'm looking in the uh in the index. Let's see also listen never mind Actin that I can't understand why you don't have a stroke listening to some of these calls Very nice and bird Jillian the bird was never on the radio sir He was a good day for guys build Chadwick's picture by the way. It's a follow the your Rangers and the next on WHN here Mar Valbert every morning during the Jack's Sterling show That's right and here's a picture of a bill Chadwick also Vince Cully is a little poppist But he is magnificent doing radio you have an live until you you know In the car was in tum on the radio he's fantastic. Yeah, well Yeah, he's good you guys okay. You got you make sure better than most of the crappy guitar In fact most of the broadcast today on either they since everything's on Fox now. Yeah, you can't tell one announcer from the other they all sound the same That's true and the guy that does the Indians this Jack Saunders. I think his name is this man You what what you're listening to him you want to poke him in the ribs and see if you can wake him up here's the most Cometost man I've ever heard in my life. You're here for the funny they play with the audio fox They raise up the crowds out in the stadium so that people kind of get more excited about it It kind of it covers up any of the imperfections at the announcers may have would you ought to be a lot Crowd must be wilden. I'm telling you two other things. Yes, sir. Peter posts is reporting that Wayne Grecky Absolutely will retire at the end of the season. They say the sources are impeachable John Davidson's been spending the room for a week. Thank God enough with him already have a nice life land We had enough of you already. Okay need a low as in the nice season two by the way no question And also you are the king of the panthers. There was no questions please tell all our loyal viewer listeners That the injuries are not the reason why this team did not make the playoffs I listen to Eddie Capiless night. I want to the puke with his rose colors glasses Well the injuries you know with Pablo got her went my loadin They're the reason that the team didn't make the play on actually when he said last night You could see that this team has heart and character. They won last night That's the company because they want a game after an eight game win with any They have seven losses in a tie including losses to the islanders and two to the Washington Crap and all and he said because of the rash of injuries and you know with boy getting hurt and then the rash of injuries That's what kept this team out of the playoffs. I want it a puke This team is coma inducing That's horrible. I'm gonna tell you if you took Ray Whitney and Mark Perry's your way from this team and you took away the fact that we've had pretty Better than expected gold tending from Sean Birkin for a cleanly better than we had a right to expect You take away those two factors. This team would have been right there with the lightning Oh, there's no question. Do you think Paris is gonna be a 25 gold score? He's every year. He's a good player You know that a fine thing. You know something that you know it's interesting Remember this was the organization that kept saying when they got rid of stew barns and struck and they didn't like little guys Take a look at who the three best people forgetting about Burre because you only played a few games the three most prolific scores on a state Well Whitney Mark Perry's and if he wouldn't have been injured, Dino sister Relie Guys three little guys there you go, bro Brian stick that what a moonbone show You remember when Terry Murray said that my team choked in the playoffs and linders when creating the fight and Stanley Cup finals Yeah, well him saying and he said this that the nails in the coffin were eliminated already even though they're worn Eliminate I think it's gonna come back to bite him in the ass because a lot of the players really would not very happy with that statement But you know what this spokesman said there was remember last night on the pregame show this spokesman says Or maybe it was between period the spokesman says well a highlights for me the good thing this year's been to coaching and the and the Consistency leave yeah, they've been consistent. All right They're just a little up to in the games next year. Be great to hear you. Thanks a lot. Hi, okay. I'm gonna be doing the panther games next year And we'll believe that Believe it no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty animal the one I mean I can't be no Christina more, you know I can't say dumps down off enough that was the wall number. I think ever said dumps down dumps down that's why didn't Toronto Sunday dump downs right on my pants A customer care representative will be with you momentarily We apologize for the delay on hold messages. They're always annoying and never truthful when they say momentarily How many tens of minutes are they talking about well if you order star f u from big bell you can know Siddly dial star f u at the end of the whole message and then learn the truth and be apologize for the delay Your delay you will be approximately 17 nine minutes We see the hiring but the two busy with our takeout pizza to answer it and You are not a valued customer star f u from big belt a service you wish really did exist order today Yeah, and if you too 1215 yeah, don't you love that best and knew the a lot of some of these You know like every time I call one of these places where they have the Computer right stuff. I feel like I'm on the fill-hendry show again at a time work You know put the phone on a floor stick your foot in your back dough punch the button, you know Depress one But now the new deal is like when you call one of these travel service things where you make reservations Your expected wait time is 82 minutes yeah, what is that? Who the hell on our right mind is gonna hold on for like 17 minutes and 25 minutes? What does that mean? In addition to which how do they know what you're anticipated away time is? You know I'm saying like we got here What do you mean by that like they just look at the longest row person waiting and that's the number? Well, but but but but that doesn't mean anything I mean maybe they had somebody that took 50 minutes to do their reservation the next five people might take two minutes or my take an hour It's a destiny Thanks And f u five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on a mobile one line Yeah, I would really recommend a spirit or I guess only if you're from New York or maybe if you're a sports fan But we don't have any of those down here if you're from New York you really enjoy a hell of a David help or stands book sports on New York Radio will play by play history Which I just got this copy up today here's the al-healther No, we're out healthers. Oh broadcast five or two years beginning 151 on mutual give of the day broadcast Wall phrase your oh geez Good player, but oh Jerry Coleman. Oh my god That was the beginning of the end when they brought in Jerry Coleman and the scooter and Joe Dodgerola all is in Litterwood's the x-jocks That was the beginning of the end But this is a really good book. A lot of good crappin it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18t line here's pepper fine. Hello Yeah, yes, sir just a few capsule comments. I I speak with you when you have a guy named Nick Quadu or every day. That's how long I've been listening to you. You know Remember that yes, okay capsule comment the did they say anything about built stern He had a wooden leg. I was here. Of course he's in here. I'm sure that I mean that to look he did the first Tell it cast on the giant spursus the cardinal game. There's tons of stuff on bill stir and his old chapter in this book I'm bill stir and page 54 to or whatever yeah Ray will said did those fights you did the gelette? What do they call that? Now I know he did to college games on radio and then he did the first giant spursus cardinal game Bill Stern was born bill stir and gold in Rochester, New York in 1907. There's a whole thing on him here. Is that well? He had a great voice and He had a wooden leg didn't he? Yes, and that's okay. That's it. That's not I think you the same wooden leg that bill color Usually to run well anyway I have to get it up because I last grabbed I think just melted the wax my ear Oh, you did it again. Okay, okay one call left in the board. She had read hard time bursting about the same as in the same. What's that? Love it that Too bad it was great All us old parts that have been around here long enough to appreciate when it was really great. We know what it was all about 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on a mobile one month. I can play that play by playing a radio thing over and over again Well, we figure out what we want to eat today See, I would love to have meatballs, but I can't eat the meatballs with it bread crumbs Did you call over there and find out if they put bread crumbs in your meatballs over across the street? No What do we find out? Well I answer the phone. Nobody QAM Yes, sir. Does Neil want the Atkins bars or not? Yes. Okay. I mean you keep disconnecting And I'm trying to tell you exactly where you can get him right near you. Yeah, all right George keeps disconnecting you somebody. Oh, I'm a mobile phone is bad. Oh, I have a bag here And I'm gonna have you in a bed cell. Okay, just forget about that. Let's say you have a Yeah, public you can get the Atkins bars Sweet and low no sugar cake mixes if you're so inclined to bake. Yeah, but if your public doesn't have the bars I was the I scoured my public I was worried I went up and down every aisle I was in the back. I was out in the front. I was looking at the mailbox couldn't go ahead Look here that helps with section. I looked in a health food section. I looked in a diet food section I looked in a fat food section. I looked in a candy section. I looked everywhere I just put them in a public last week. I worked for the distributor. Yeah. I asked you man Oh my gosh, public. Oh, I'm not going to go through all of that. Just tell your manager to get them from find distributing and he can get you the advantage bars that you want Right, okay. There's the chocolate mac the peanut and the almond. Oh the peanut one Not that one. I want the chocolate mac. Yeah, well, that's what they got right I've got them in the public right now. It's uh, you know my park plan How about the public shop there by me by the dog race? That's a nice dog. I don't know what's possible I'm not out there. There's not there man. And we got a lot of nothing but fat people out by me We need them desperately The manager he can get him from fine. Okay, okay fine. Okay. Well, he's given himself a little preplot what's wrong with that Well, we already know that Uh Yeah, oh I had a good sneeze come out there and couldn't have had to be present. Nobody QAM Is your age? Okay. Nobody QAM last call today. This is it. You know, yes sir If you get that Total recipe that fact is yes. You gotta do that man. Okay. It'll keep you in there. Okay. Thank you I got it. I read it. I talked about it on here. I got it. Okay. Don't be chronicle. Okay. Don't be a promise Is that a cool cornice Don't be a cornhole. What so they don't make to meatballs there they purchase them and yes they do have See how many how many months have I been eating that months and months and months have been eating stuff with bread crumbs in it God damn it And I'm wondering how come I go home after eating what I think is a perfect deck in lunch and my blood sugar is like 180 when it ought to be like 80 or 90 or something All these hidden all the hidden stuff that they put in the foods that you eat that you never have you know I'm saying all of these things that are in there that have no reason to be in there I don't care if my balls are soft and mushy or if they're firm. Okay. I'll do like my muttables firm So luckily you take your spoon you you know chop off a piece it hangs to the back of the spoon That's the way muttables ought to be hard 567 is this gonna be the end now we've been smoking along here. I read the thing from about the famous there and it was our killer Thanks Howard That was a great column. I love the brupa great memories to all of soul starts And the rest of these people they're all gone 560 0560 pound 560 on the mobile one line everybody another day of my life It's not bad enough. I had a psychotic episode for now. I'm happy yesterday with the doctor In fact, I use that word when I walked in there say yeah, you were a little psychotic today little that I know a little psychotic was an understanding a wild man I mean wound up like an alarm clock Here's a mobile in Western Now what what's going on here now that's the second time in the last a few minutes. So we have a are we having another Dingling on the phone here today is that it? Are they touching around with the phone because we've been doing just fine up till about five minutes ago and now I get two of those Sounds that they're like the phone company is screwing around with our phone lines again Wouldn't surprise me Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello How you doing Neil? Okay, I think I Got some information for you on that diet dietetic guitar What is for is when you monitor your sugar goes low Go down and you need a a pick up So it's like That's the most ridiculous thing in my life a pickup that's what makes you hyper go see if you don't want a pickup That's you can go get a candy bar if you want a pickup that's not what you want No, no a lot of times if you don't if you don't monitor your blood right your blood sugar goes down and you in you start Going getting you know, did you start did you see Godfather three so you have a little glass of orange juice about a third of a glass of orange Exactly right a little I a little piece of hard candy with sugar when it you don't go get a count I'll bar it's got 35 or 50 or 60 grams of carbohydrates and then so your blood sugar goes up to 200 because those big swings up and down is what's gonna kill you? It's given them a variety though. That's that's what it does Sir, let me say it in a and it's the first thing You can keep pumping it all you want sir. Let me say it again those bars should not be consumed by people who are diabetic or hyper glycemic or both of the above Got it does he got it? Oh, no, we don't got it because you doesn't want to listen to what I'm saying 567 0560 y'all keep plugging away here now Totally paranoid now since here are those two awful sounds there from the phone company Everything's been working fine for a couple of weeks now. Why can't they just leave the phones a loan? Why can't we just go like a month would be nice with a phone system that works here Crawl springs hello My bell wants to show you whose boss that's why is that it? Listen, did you when you went to see Dr. Mark did you find out what noor vass That was somebody called last week about the nor vass about what noor vass never heard of it and he said No cross Lent no r v a s c no only got as far as the no part okay listen I'm the guy to call that was 600 pounds now Okay great five six got an 05 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line one call left in the board Are they working is this going working does this Hello You know something here we are again boys and girls welcome to bell south of eddits best Okay, the one line I got the howling sounds the next guy there's a guy on there and it doesn't ring okay We got a little phone problem here today boys and girls you know I don't know how many times over the 23 years I've been in this market. I've been on here screaming and yelling and we're working with a phone system that doesn't work What about what am I wasting all this energy for? I'm sitting here probably in the audience getting them all psychotic and we got a phone system that's all f dot here What's going on in this building is somebody out there the other thing nope Then it's bell south again Well, let's just say if you the bell south, okay? Hello What was that? That must be bell south Hello, oh Okay, why not? We have a phone system that doesn't work That's all like that just about 10 minutes ago just totally blue up just one nuts The miracles the wonders of bell south you know something I'm gonna say it again you people at bell south You should cloak you should die a wicked Nancy rotten filthy road test death But even the maggots wouldn't touch your running bodies, okay? Day after day week after week year after year I sit here wondering am I gonna get through four hours today with a phone at my work Forget about what they'll try to call or not that's another story Oh We just move in on here, okay You crazy bastard you meal God oh Doctor it's time to play you Make the call You're getting a lap dance from a large tested strip or a casual mall of fiber and marginal until I tune You up to her hotel room after her shift, but you're a married man What do you do? Should you Take your wedding ring hide it in your pocket and do her five ways to Sunday only go to third Which in some religions is technically not cheating or she graciously decline then go home and Finsize about her while banging your wife but tell all your friends you nailed her anyway You make the call the answer when we return Welcome back to you mix the call You're getting a lap dance from a large tested stripper of casual mall of fiber and marginal until I tune Why two up to her hotel room after her shift, but you're a married man what do you do? If you pick sea graciously decline her invitation then go home and fantasize about her while banging your wife and tell all your friends You nailed her anyway you who win You make the white choice join us next one another written additional You make the call 22560 WQM was started after over a couple of hours as being an almost a liveable Tuesday and now it's turned into living hell WQAM hello Just like the speaker Neil Rogers, please speaking sir Neil how you like that Hold on, try it again. Hello Neil yes, can you hear me? I hear you but the funs are good. I will see you all the time Yeah, and I'm a year older than you yeah, and a while back you had a problem with the You're foot with the one with your heel yeah, you went through all that's a bone back Yeah, he has for yes How did I get it collected it went away? Oh, I just want to wait by itself. It's a nine months That's right in this bonus fruit up and have a great day. Okay It's the doctor show okay. I mean doesn't make any difference that the phone is the working or not because there's nobody call now anyway We got a couple people on there and this guy wants medical advice 567.0560. I mean you talk about going from heaven to hell In like 10 seconds baby this town will do it to you immediately is not sooner 567.0560 pound 560 on a mobile one line to have anybody alive out there today anybody breathing Anybody still out there that can communicate anybody that can speak oh WQAM Mobile speaking Hey, how are you sir? Okay, can you explain to me why a lot better 20 minutes ago? This sounds like one of our cronics No, I'm not a cronic call before okay, I was listening to Tom White's yeah Why do you why do you have a syndicated radio showing you don't I haven't got any idea because he was a better jacket I don't know and you know I remember when he was down here. He was pathetic and he still put that He's a he's a joke. He's an industry joke and You know listen to him was torture. Yeah, absolutely tortures But anyway, you wanted to call out to find out why or not why you're you're not by the time unfortunately I've never been surrounded by people who have any interest in syndicating this program I've heard a lot of talk on a bop bop bop bop and nothing ever happens. Okay. Well, I think you should do that to your wonderful. Okay. Thank you so much God bless you 560 50560 pound 560 on the mobile one my somebody just pull the plug on the phone and on the audience Oh, you're like that. I bet you can't throw done it. I bet you're to an inside God damn job I'm gonna tell you again when I hear see I can get paranoid I can get all like I decide Coddick behavior like my doctor was yesterday, but when I hear those howling sounds I know for sure that somebody there had bell stuff again is playing fast and loose with my life You've heard of the witchy tall lineman well we got the soft floor to lineman who's poaching around out there Whenever to hell they feel like it they're yanking it they're pulling it they're pushing it they're squeezing it Here's Pembroke pine. So long You know how you're doing today. I'm doing okay. I can't see that. I want to read a few about a couple weeks ago What's the more on the call you they said You're gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I wish you I go I said though everybody but Naples Yes, now there is no one to talk to you because I am from there And it's not really as terrible as you know, yes, it is you have been there no Why can't you but but 10 million tourists can't all be wrong. I mean everybody ever Strophens is that Naples is nothing but a bunch of sluppers And from men is poverty there there's tremendous crime as many gypsies there and Rome is 50,000 more in the Naples I think that you're cheating them all the way you got including them for them I live in Rotten down for three and a half years. I know on for them also pretty good. I never saw gypsies in them to never You gotta be looking a little bit more be more specific next time you go there But I tell you all the main next time I'll make sure I look for some absolutely, but you know I will suggest that you go there before you even say in a peanut that because you know It's not really a several of people think it is and that people tell you this is what if you That's not the wire they all saying that I don't know what you're supposed to do The more they pull you they had a bad experience or something, but you know I mean I read all the travel books ever it's former and I mean everybody the right to travel book I've had a minute of my home Oh, which I keep forgetting to bring those in for our sales. I've never showed up for them anyway I've never less I think that I'll say the same thing they say that Naples sucks I don't think I don't think that again If you put it in your way, you know you seem to have to run to a time and then last time I was there actually I was wrong my hotel But that doesn't mean Toronto is a terrible city. I happen to write a city So I think I used I suggest you better go and take a look for yourself And then we're talking about Toronto is a safe city and not a city that's low. I mean there's you know beggars out on the street, but that's but there's a safe city and there's not it's not rampant poverty all over the place Everybody tells me Naples is basically a tremendously poor and it not only that, but in fact They have the big movement in Italy as you know where they wanted the Central and Northern parts of the country Want to separate from Southern Italy because it's so it's so poverty-stricken I will say it's different. I wouldn't say he says that's poverty-stricken Well, then why do they want to separate? In other words the whole world is just making these things up No, I'm not gonna say it. No, I don't know. It's an anti-nappoli conspiracy Maybe they had a bad pizza Napoli Right, yeah, you know, but you gotta go there and make some you probably not go there. I will never go there I'm going to Rome. I'm going to the lens I mean you want to go to Venice. Yeah, I hear that blows too. I don't want to say it's a little Spatial nails I want to smell crappy canals. I go to answer and it's a little over there. They got better stuff this month I know all right to them for that. I'm so too Okay, but you know I told that you know, I just put my two cents in there because it's me. You know that people that say that Yeah, the hell with the buffer I love it. I love it. Okay. I'll re-been it. Okay. So what do you say? Oh, look at that We got it. Here's a mobile and Naples you can correct the line scholar. Hello Neil. Yes Well first of all, if you ask any any which is the best time in Italy, it's always the town there from Most will agree that any not fully time people from Naples It's basically the new work of Italy Right, it's an armpit I've been there myself here I've been a block in the block as a much better town than Naples Italy and As far as the acting is concerned, I tried it for two weeks while 15 pounds. I realized that I'm gonna take it to bread and And the juices so I had a kick in I gained another 30 pounds So with that I'm gonna go to our meeting have a big giant look. Okay, we'll bring it back Okay, there you go. We're gonna just guys in flowers for this funeral. Okay Get some paintings for this kind some deputies 5 6 7 5 60 Tom 5 60 on the mobile one line anybody in the Saudi and Sabra been to Naples Italy No, I want to refute what does other guy said this and now in the Palatana Maybe that was George the Palatana Junior come from Palatana Park Oh god, I could taste so much but I won't 5 6 7 5 60 Palm 5 60 on the mobile one line 21 till one hey go over your jar at 90 won a clock yet Where we gonna get some lunch from today for Christ's sake George What's that all those are the actions bars? All right, let's hear it. Wait my second one Carlos just brought a Thing in their effort. I was just a piece of mail Big envelope and in the envelope I bet you there's a whole bunch of Manage bars man are they good? They good, but there's something that's good Okay, now I feel like redeem is he human being okay, so are you eating your Zetter what if you're already tasted it Huh What about it? No, what kind of is it? Is it the chocolate? Mechidame and nut almond brownie Brownie almond brownie hunts I'm eating me 2.6 crabs how many carbs is that one cut Which by the way they've left out there's a little note on the side on earth about them it says Which if you unfold it glycerin and polydechthros have been omitted from the total carbohydrate cut Is they do not react like regular carbohydrates and produce a negligible amount of glucose in the body 2.6 grams for the whole bar I think we're eating the same kind of what do you mean? No, I'm not eating an a brownie hun. I'm not going to brown. Oh, you're oh look at that Oh, this is this is You know what this is No, it's See you try to convince yourself that this is good, okay? You look at it and it looks It looks like it's sweating Do you know what I mean by that? It looks moist on the outside whoever start candy bar that's moist on the outside like it's sweating, but then you bite into it and Huh Now do I have another one did you eat the only one of those brownie hounds in here Because they're chocolate peanut butter. I don't want that because I've had those I don't like peanut butter that much to begin with. It was approval. You've got together Want to look at that right now. What the brownie hounds? Oh? Here it is almond brownie Where yours must be better than the one that I mean No But it's only two points this ramp and I'm gonna tell you something eating this is gonna make me so nauseous Then I want to eat anything else to rest of the day that's how they work there you go. Oh, yeah And look at that look what it leaves on your fingers And the aftertaste ain't about either oh God Look what that leaves on your fingers for crying out loud Well that makes us feel like duty. Yeah, that's what it looks like Man WQAM Sure hold on. Where you calling them? Um, Miami. Okay. Okay. Let's just take it off from Miami. Hello Me, oh, yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Let's come back from Vegas and I need to plug rosewood growl bit. Okay Not any freebrews? What that? I said how was it? It was great I'm going to start the heart of the flaming young nice big hearty cut came back a little rare so I just told the waiter to take it back And he bought it back still a little rare but excellent excellent place. Yeah Come give us a bill and says that he talks to the manager you apologize up and down for the mistake and said it should never happen to give it to me free How do you like that? That was pretty good. That's pretty good because that's a very as you know or expensive joint Those very happy very close to place also Stop by the balazio beautiful beautiful hotels a bit stuffy for me though. Yeah You know not allowing kids in at all. Yeah, I don't I am not impressed the balazio is not for me I mean if you're into all that stuffy art and stuff You know even as much as I love Italy. I don't see any resemblance between anything there Maybe Naples you know maybe sludverville but I don't see anything I recognize in that place I'm still like the mgm grand. I like seeing all the other places as far as staying I love the mgm You just can't go wrong there the Venetian looks like it's gonna be a pretty nice place I'll actually be opening any day now, right? Um, it looks like it's about tennis maybe another a couple months or so. No, I think this month I think so and The pair of sticks like it's pretty Paris so this fall I believe October November something like that I hope the Paris goes over big your real real big shit because it's owned by hope then I got to get that stock up Have a great day pal Yeah, you know when the market when the dust you just dial thing I mean like now the dow is up four points in the next On 17 it looks like it was gonna be a really big day And like yesterday it looked like a disaster day because of that compact stuff and then it all went up doesn't need a goddamn thing What it means is if you have some of those you know internet stocks that are still going crazy Yahoo and eBay and have those or if you got general electric or you got IBM Or whatever the you read those ten or twelve stocks you're in great shape. AOL other than that You're in the crapper Nice hit the one caterpillar study one of the one of the brokerage coming. I think I must have paid them off They upgraded they should all yet that might be okay. They might show another track to be for the year 10,000 And went up to like almost 52 51 and 3-8 something like that almost 51 and a half caterpillar. There you go I mean we rough the hook Derek So Derek I take the letters from Derek any rearrangement you know what that spells direct which is what these tastes like. Oh, no these aren't bad Huh They're bad but they they leave a bad after tasting your mom Kind of like what's said before Well, that makes us feel like duty you like that Nah Here's a call from green bay Hello, yes, sir. Hello, and he'll I don't sir. What if I missed you buddy. How bad I haven't listened to you since 90 I've been up here Actually just found your station. I'd real play around a computer to this morning, right? Yeah, if we weren't so goddamn cheap we could fill up the whole show or be they talking to people all over the rest of the world listening But we're too cheap to put an 800 line in because Greg we deserve is a wannabe. I Yes, he's a cheap prick I had an all the time finding all the station you move to right? But yeah, I've been searching for days actually not that I don't know this real player thing How does it come in how's it sound it? It's on X1 real good beautiful. Yeah, very good But I just wanted to call and let you know you got somebody up your relationship Great well God bless you so we had a call from Toronto today and now green bay and the Naples what more could you want? Have a great day. You too. And say hi to Brett Barb. I'll do that and tell me get a haircut Okay, oh Yahoo that bread bar real country boy with a toothpick in his mouth That's our poor question today. Let's name all the like dusty baker there's a guy. I wish it's a big toothpick in his mouth Never trust you guys. It's got a toothpick in his mouth all the time never leave him around you know like a full dinner table 5 6 70 5 60 pound 5 60 animal the one line. So what's our take on the advantage borrison on a scale of a minus eight Huh, I'm gonna eat it. I'm remember the first time I tried one And I took a bite full and I spit it out and chew it in the waste basket. I spat it in the basket In fact now now that I think about it all the way I am starver. I've eaten nothing all day But now that I really think about this one Yeah, well maybe I'll try the other one. There are only two poistics grams. Oh look at my fingers again Hmm Here's my amyllo Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I am an investor from all the country and I tried to listen to your program Why can't you come up with something You're a what I need to know Stuff you're making up with a keeping in the background. Yeah, the what are you listening to it for? What is it? It's not seeing anything. I'm watching the lecture. What you ran out about jackets. We got nothing at about people are already okay Go back where you came from you foreign jackass Look at too many foreigners already. Oh, I do like foreigners music, but nevertheless Why don't you do this and why don't you that another phony balloon you call, okay? Phony is a $97 bill Here's plantation. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just want to know some of the people that meant to do in the business if you Every staying contact with them like billsmith and I have similar people again. Bill Smith Bill Smith Are you answering it or just repeating this name? I'm asking you if you're serious. I'm serious I never met Bill Smith and I like who is the most When you work at WKT you didn't meet him? No, I did not he wasn't there when I worked at KT he had left Thank God. Who is the most terminal boring person? I'm the most self indulgent jackass I ever heard on the year in my life Who did you like the work there? What? Who did you like the work there? Craig Warden Okay Anybody else? Luminous also and also let's on headline news now. I better or similar Irv was What do I mean? Even though he's still alive Would you like working with him or have a sunny horse? What about sunny horse? Do you like sunny horse? Yes, okay And what what what is the point? What are the point of these questions? What does this mean? What's the point of the show? I mean I'm just asking questions. No, why why do you care about who I work for the KAT 23 years ago? What does that mean? If we're still alive No, no, that's what I was asking you. I thought you know, because you're in the end as well. We'll take because I'm in the industry I'm not in the industry so I work here QAN Have you noticed And have a nice day. Here's a guy. It's got I mean he would no wonder he liked Bill Smith Columann Columann boring Monaco and that's you sir. Too bad we can't bring Bill Smith back you probably wasn't that goddamn show now that's sandy the lovely ladies up See that's the problem for probably getting some of Sandy's drift off The 10 people that she had listening on waxy Now that that bitch is off the ear lovely lady. Oh give me a break already will ya? Irmshindler dead or alive. Press your Robinson dead or alive Steve David I keep passing these things. Does anybody audience ever respond? No 567 05 60 pound 560 on the mobile one line. Yeah, Bill Smith and I had dinner last night by the way at Denys And he picked up the check. Do you believe that sir? Oh well just make up some stories And I like you feel better or she was was overwhelming house. We had pass over satire together okay? We had moths and we had a couple of bacon cheeseburgers on the side Here's plantation hello Yeah, sir They probably something that you were good No live sir. They have no life Trying to validate themselves. Do you maybe it's something that you knew what of the user mentioned them that you do like them Is that what it is? I don't know The advantage part I honest to God don't even know a first similar is alive Yeah, he was an old guy when I worked with him 20 years ago He's very likely not even with a city more so to speak He's up there in a big place in a sky that my doctor kept referring to yesterday Hey the advantage part Yeah Have you tried to coconut one? No, I'm not in coconut. I don't like coconut. I mean it's okay, but I'm not crazy about coconut. Why is it good? That's about the only one that I can take a bite of You can tell me that you can tolerate don't you think that's the right word tolerate? That's it I mean you're not going to enjoy these I Anybody says you're going to enjoy this they must be a moron I can't turn the show off because I'm hoping somebody else will call them and say hey try this because a year on the ad Kind of I How are you doing on the diet? 65 well it's wrong with that. I'm doing great, but I'm jealous of it first sugar. No, I did it was for something with some taste Something that's like a carbohydrates. That's where that's where this guy acting is great But that's the one area where he is really falling down They haven't come up with good. I mean like I said before how much cheesecake does anybody want? You know They haven't come up with a lot of good products with a whole lot of stuff that are good substitutes for like a snack What can you eat for a snack? You can't make a steak for a snack How many goddamn slim gyms can you eat with all that sodium nitrate to begin with? You know how much of that crap can you eat? Right that stuff is good and I enjoy that, but You need to sugar. That's not the sugar, but you need something sweet. I'll take them away into that's right. Yeah, okay. Well work on it People are thanks. Bye Oh, he's right about these in fact I'm all I'm all just finishing this one and these are not big bars They're about the size of a like a Clark bar maybe When you say I do like Clark bars See that necklace back to all your god bull crap again Dr. Mark with your god crap that you were giving me yesterday In between all your hypervettelating and how come there's people that door open out there? Because we don't have a window all that Who just closed them now that I'm a ripen them and ask this is a radio show I know it doesn't sound like one it doesn't look like a real radio station It's a radio show going on here. Okay keep the guide the indoor closed We're not operating a guide the invited tour now. Okay stay away from us We're busy looking our fingers off because it looks at road pesks These work though these work what I don't want to eat anything all day. Oh, I'm in a read again after eating this I'm serious these are cocka baby And I was gonna go thank god I couldn't find us because you know me I would have bought like about a hundred of them I would have been thrown ninety nine of them away exactly. I would have thrown ninety nine and a half of them away Now I can't wait to try the almond brownie on one which I'm gonna do in a moment Huh? What did that all the stuff that just me up the rest of the week if I said? I'll probably be busy for weeks Come on all you act in people out there. Let's give us some alternatives to this Swill to this almond brownie home garbage. Okay, he acquiring minds want something good I go to my doctor who's totally out of his mind. I think certifiable yesterday He needs to be put in a rubber room for a few days and cool out crazy man Then I come on here today and screaming and carrying out about these damn things because supposedly because you know time passes Like everything else it passes And you forget just how to grow test-tasting these things were all and with all the respect to my close personal friend Whoever oh, this is the guy that gave us the bokeh burgers She's not giving you bokeh burgers. There's pez that you get pez in here also. Yes, I'll show you away. Well, these you got something worth while that you might eat In fact, don't put them all away To laa z pillow works To Tzida so they're like this you've agreed Don't you love them! What are you doing? I'm just listening to you. I'm just listening to you. I'm just listening to you. My contract, two minutes after one and five, 60WQM, I cannot believe I'm punching up the line in here. This has to be a put-on. Can this really be the real herb shiddler? Exactly. I've been in a kosher mode trying to arrange for you to bounce over there and settle that sweat. You mean you finally got on a China, huh? Yep. Got out of China and now I'm going to take care of Koselo. Would you have caught the mission of course? Of course. How are you doing, Earth? I'm doing a very good deal. Got out of the house. I'll just let my back with her. I'm almost as you celebrated 110th birthday, I was thinking. Well, that's my goal, Neil. You got to confuse. Yeah. It's my goal. I haven't got there yet. So what happened? I've been here a long time ago. I hope so. Did somebody call in the tell you that we were speaking about you? Yeah, I got a phone call a few minutes ago and said, Neil said, you see, a live? Where is he? Because I know you wouldn't have been listening. That much I know. Right. It's not to come. I have any objection to your program. It's simply that I'm so busy making money in this market that I don't really know what to do. I think I'm going to lose it in a month or two. Well, that's everything. Well, that really collapses for right now. It looks so good. Well, the next day's done 15. So I'm not too excited right now. But I got by my CNBC on here watching. So what are you doing besides entertaining people? That's basically it. I travel all around the world. I haven't been to China or Kosovo yet. But there it is. Next time I listen. Stay away from Kosovo. Yeah. For this way. Before you go to China, call me out there eight times. Yeah. What about Amsterdam? Have you been there? I've been to Amsterdam. But I was always my wife. So I never went to the red light district. Except for service or car. Yeah. What about Rome? I would think that a good traveler like you would have had a whole time. All of his marvelous marvelous marvelous. Not that I had dinner with some people the other night that lived there. And they have a. There are wealthy people that they have a. A squiz it new condominium and keep this cane. Yeah. A villa up in Tuscan. And. And. And. Yeah. Well, there's that old saying when in Rome, do the Romans. I've been doing that for years. Well, listen, Irvits. Great hearing from you. It's good to hear from you. And if you want to call me some time. I'm. Next one. I'll be glad to talk to you for a week. Okay. I can. Good luck with your program. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Oh, my God. Can you believe that? Can you believe it? Oh, my God. So like I said, thanks to that guy to call before it brought up all those old names. Now who would be other names? He brought up. Oh, Bill Smith. Because I like where he's a good guy. Old, but I need a real good guy and he can hear that travel thing going all the time trying to get people to go to China, but he's a good guy. But Bill Smith. I don't know. And said, live in. Well, you know, maybe he'll come to my funeral, too. You know, because I don't hear from him. No more. Because I'm, you know, I'm not. I got to be disgusting on the air. I do this thing. I do now. And I make it a lot of money. And I'm not doing that all boring establishment. I've never less had given me my first break in a market. So I should be grateful for that, which I am, but other than that have a nice life said, Mr. establishment. Is a good guy. So let me tell you a speaker said about the Lin Russell. Oh, sorry. 5.670560, Tom 560 on the AT. Okay, let's get a wee talk to her. Should learn. Oh, boy. That's our poll question, which put you in a coma more. My talk at her. She and her is a nice guy, but fairly old. Or rather, you're story about the famous from Howard Kleinberg. I liked reading that thing about the famous. Okay. The audience obviously did not. They were disgusted and revolted by that because they wouldn't know the famous restaurant from your reign. It's okay. Right. Speaking of what I just said. These advantage bars. You know, I dare one person in this audience. Okay. I dare you. Let's do a thing like little kids do. You know, I doubled their you. They're called this show and say that the Atkins advantage bars that you would like them. Okay. I dare you to say because we will trace the call. And after the after the guy with the rubber, the from the rubber room with the butterfly net after he gets a hold of my doctor first, then we'll have him come and get you. You'll be next on the list. Seriously, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to puke is what I'm going to do. God, like them compared to what compared to that and you know something I don't want to gross you out. It's after lunch time. I would have rather picked up those underwear there left at the eaten set of restroom on Sunday in Toronto. And had lunch off of those after I had my little miss hat. But rather had that then this. I mean, is there anybody who has the audacity to tell me now they do fill you up their filling. I'm not there filling or they just make you nauseous. I love doctor Rackens. I'm a big proponent of his diet. I mean, it works if you can stick with it and that's set of them so on. But but. I will not for any for lover money. I'm not going to come on here and tell you something's good if it's a piece of crap and believe me. This isn't even good enough to be identified as a piece of crap. My golden retriever leaves big bombs in a backyard every day that I'm sure are much more advertising than this. I'm not going to check it out myself, but you know, I mean, I'm halfway through the brownie hound the bar. Apply named by the way, because it looks like and taste like. Brownies. They feel you up because you have to use a gallon of water just to water to wash it down. Yeah. I mean, there is a there is a I can't describe it. There is kind of like a rancid rancy rotten taste that goes along with these. That is not to be believed and it's not animal or vegetable. What is it? You saw the direct. I mean, seriously, I love you, Dr. Bob and my good friend Bob look it over there Mr. we once went to Vegas and had a nightmare doing it. You know, but these advantage bars and then I had same thing happened last year. Why would I like them now? Are they any different than they were then? No. They are in edible. Now I'm going to get through the second one and I'm going to get this. This will time. It makes you sick of your stomach. Okay. Maybe that's the maybe that's part of the reason that these things work on the diet. You become so nauseous. You feel so you're your kishgis are just twisting from nausea. Have you belched yet? I couldn't because it would all get to go back at you. If you think the after taste is good. Oh, wait. So the repeater happens. And then wait. Oh boy. Wait till last. 9 minutes after one and 5 60 WQAM. Get the honey tune. I like lupion cobalt. Why do you have little pie with chocolate chip ice cream? I'll take with chocolate chip ice cream is good. Ring ding. Ah. And chocolate chip ice cream. Wait. Chocolate swirl ice cream even better. That's nice. Did you ever suck the jelly out of the jelly down that? Yes. And with the chocolate swirl ice cream. I like to stuff a jelly down it for the Reese's Pinopata cut. Then put it in the warm oven and let the chocolate and everything melt into the dough. I'll put it in jelly. Or a chocolate-covered grey emcracker. Within my use of banana on top. Could have a little lemon in my water please. I make chocolate chip cookies with eminere. And it's chocolate chip. No, not me. Yeah. So you can have a little more lemon in my hot water please. Just a lap of a lot of lemon. No, I like a little fresh orange juice. Squeeze the more in the pie. No. Sorry. Okay, that lemon. I promise they got chocolate covered orange which is the juice just dribbles down your chin. Oh. Mmm. Mmm. Junior. Could I have just a drop of honey in this please? Just a drop. Why do the actual food? It's covered with that sweet dark chocolate. You know. Oh boy. I had a right to stuff on the banana down that. Mmm. Mmm. Get the honey to me. Give me the honey, Junior. It's in the cupboard down. Well, get it. What else did they cover with that chocolate? I mean, this has the orange, which is grapes, peaches, strawberries. Junior. Honey. Those big two-she steps strawberries are dipped into that dark dark chocolate. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Mmm. Mmm. Yeah. Oh. Get the honey. Get the honey. Oh, no. I'm not going to say 50. This is the worst soil. And just to show you about a tube rind. Because I don't want to prejudge one of each. There's three different flavors. Chocolate, macadamia. I had that unbelievable. What was the other one? The brown and brownie, huh? Had that. Inedible. Now we got, I mean, it's only two four six grams per bar of carbs. So three of them is like seven point eight grams. And after this third one, and I do mean you third one. I won't be eating for a week. That's how this works. Now what's what kind of this peanut butter, uh, Drecked chunky peanut butter as then you'll be hurling chunks when you finish eating this if you can. I have never had anything so rancid so gross in my mouth. And believe me, I've had plenty of things in my mouth in my life. But never anything. Oh. God. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Wanted to let you know, uh, brought the, a possible substitute for that stuff of yours. Oh, because I had them to take a doing that. And, uh, this is the most foul tasting record. The compliment. Exactly. Direct the word, Dreck is insulted by using that apply to this. Yeah, and you might like this because Walbreen just started carrying them. The, uh, pure protein bars. Do the one that have all the carbohydrates in them that I checked out last night of Walbreen? Yeah, but that was, oh, you did check it out last night. I loaded with carbohydrates, right? Yeah, I think it was 11 grams for a one of them. But if you want something to help you get that, the sugar fix that chocolate moose and the chewy chocolate chip will definitely highlight your day. Chocolate moose one. Uh, it's like white chocolate moose. You mean the protein bar? Yeah, the pure protein. They came out with these flavors, uh, like two of them, two new flavors and they are incredible. I guess 11 grams isn't bad. If you're not going to eat much of any other carbs of us today, maybe you're selling. Oh, yeah, but it's like it's like a dessert. But at least it's good, though, huh? Oh, yeah, that's because I do the acting's relatively strict. And I cheat one day a week to keep myself saying you've seen others. You have tried these advantage bars. Uh, made them stay one time. Oh, I'm browning. Oh, I like I just put my mouth in Chrisco. Oh, my God. And I just took a handful of lard and swallow it with the same exact feeling. Oh, well, thank you, sir. God bless you. All right. Good luck, my friend. And keep it up. All right. So there's this suggestion for you. Just check the carbs at the back of protein bar in Walgreens. Okay, I'll check that one out. Because the idea and I'm going to finish all three of them here. Just to show you. Okay, what? It is going to make me tremendously ill. You're a braveer man tonight. No, just dumb or not brave or dumb or. The good news is, though, because there's a silver lining in the middle of even the darkest cloud. They were for free, baby. It was a soft thought away. They were for free. Okay. Oh, man. Let me say again, I challenge one person out there in the audience to call the show across your wife likes him. But we know you've got to have to take him. You married you. Yeah. You say no. It's the same dilemma. Meaning what? We're on the atkins and she wants something to not shonder in the day. I mean, when you get to use the things him home by the bag full of she's eating these left and right you said. Yeah. And Louisville food. Oh, come on. There's a lot of you actually don't like the cut to be more to life than the onions that bad is bar boys and girls. There must be more to life than this. You see, again, if you believe in this God bull crap, how come everything that tastes good is loaded with carbohydrates and makes you fat and sick and die, huh? All right. Which one is the least bad? There's no such thing. There is no such thing. Oh, in fact, you know something I'm starting to develop a little cramp without the M. I'm having another Toronto like experience. I think any minute now. But don't have too far to go down the hall to make it. Oh, this is, oh, I'm not eating this. Are you crazy? Straight in the way. Straight in the way. Spask it. Like I have to prove a point here by eating three pieces of three of the sticks of direct. Here's a mobile and bonnet of spring. Hello. Hey, me, how are you? Okay, sure. I'm getting sick as a dog. I hear that. Hey, I'm just down here work. I'm from the Tampa area. And we miss you very much in that area. Yeah, well, I wish we could say it was mutual. Uh, she's a very personal. Yeah. We got a guy on the radio up there and sports show during the day. That ripped off a lot of stuff. Yeah, well, go say hi to him. Okay, thanks. Okay, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless life. See, we're not going to have any takers on this advantage bar thing. This audience is hopefully got better taste than that. Even if people would bet, even if people like vanilla ice cream wouldn't eat those things on a bit. Here's Naples. Hello. You're Neil. Yes, sir. You got to go out and try the coconut chocolate one. Yeah, right. I know. I bought all four flavors. Yeah. And the other three are exactly as you said. Yeah. It tasted like ass-certainment. No, they don't. I actually mean. That's well, yeah. Now you're going to be close. Yeah. I'm serious. I think we're taking it virtually and that's very well-plored. Yeah. Try it. Have you guys tried the coconut one? I don't have no coconut one. Maybe that's the only good one. That's why they pawned the rest of this crap off on us because they did it only good one must be out. Yeah, that's crap. It's garbage. I'm telling you, sir. crap is not in the same category as this. And what a crap is is fine with the ingredients. Have you tried the like in the book where it says, eat some diet jealous and whipped cream? I went to the diet jealous with whipped cream until I got jealous coming out of my ear. I'm not a huge amount of that. I'm a poor person. If I ever see any more diet jealous, she's going to get a bar. Alright. Well, good luck. Thanks, pal. See you in Apale. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. Wireless one. Killer car, but high rates, the only problem is God made everything else so it tastes pretty bad. How come we can't get like a hot-fudge Sunday on fish food with thick gums of hot-fudge and whipped cream and marshmallow on top and have no carbs, huh? How God, you bastard God, you know good, miserable, sadistic, son of a bitch. How can we did this to us, huh? And then I made this every now and then have a, in our pants at top of it all off. Just just kind of like the frosting on the cake, so to speak. Kind of look like the frosting on the cake. Here's a mobile in Boker, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. I'm on a great dessert for you in Boker, tell him there's a fat free cheesecake. I'm not a more cheese cake, sir. No more cheese cake. And he said, fat free. Sir, let me see it again. Fat free is for assholes. Okay, sir. Don't take it personally unless it does happen to apply. Fat free is for idiots. Fat free is a fraud. Okay, fat free is crap. They had a piece on CNN here a couple of days ago about fat kids in America. It's not only the adults like us who are getting fat, but now it was a frightening, a terrifying number of fat kids. Not just teenagers, but like young kids who are big and fat. And you know, I want to say this to you right now, okay. All you parents out there that let you, it's bad enough that you're fat. But you parents that walk around with your fat kids, shame on you. Child abuse. I don't want to mention no names of somebody that was in here a few days ago with this fat son. We seem like a real nice kid if he didn't wait 10,000 pounds. Fat parents have fat kids. Am I right? Or what? I guess they want their kids to be a sick as they are. Man, man, having your kid walk around waddling around and everybody else in school is making fun. Hey, Johnny's a fat little pig. Hey, fuck it, hey, fuck it. Terrible. Shame on you. You feed Johnny one or two of these atkins vars. He would need for a month. Just take one of those in his lunchbox, man. We got no spend most of the afternoon school on his hands and he's puking his brains out. Here's a mobile and top and a hello. Hello, Victor. I like the atkins for you, huh? I'm sorry. No, you're not. I'm not. I just got the reference for the. Of the. Oh, my God. Well, if I can only paraphrase what this guy just said, okay? Because I can't put it on the ear. What's wrong with this thing now? But oh, here we go. What is wrong with this thing? You know, it's not even worth it now. You know what I'm saying? The fact that he said. Let me get shit. What he said. God, I'm getting really definitely. I only need a little just about a turret of that last bar that all that when you'd tell me was so great to peanut put a one. I didn't say it. I don't even like peanut butter. I like peanut butter by itself. You know what I mean? Like I could eat peanut butter. Huh? I do. I like chunky peanut butter. Well, I have an eating at years and it's not good for it. But I could eat out of the jar like with a spoon. Used to do that. But like peanut butter ice creams and peanut butter star. Horrible. It's like mushrooms. I love mushrooms. But I don't like mushrooms on pizza. Can't stand the shrooms on pizza. In fact, those magic mushrooms like they have an Amsterdam. Those are pretty good. Oh, man. Where am I? Who I feel like Admiral Stockdale? I'm a, I'm a mobile in Miami, hello? I knew I was a shroom piece pretty good too. I'm suffering the same thing with you to be acting. You know, it's good to hear some kind of something I made. Let's go through the day. Oh, I wanted to call on saying to you for the tickets for Sunday for the moment game. Yeah, I was buying some Chris in the, uh, that certain part of town. And I actually had a good time with all my, but we're dropping them my daughter. And you know, we're going to get time. I understand that there's no, there's not, there's not drawn flies when I have the stadium talk. It's out of control. So, but I just want to call on thank you that really good time. Okay, glad you're the one. Thanks. There's a guy at the, we gave everything it's due to the maroon's. He actually had a good time. Nice going sir. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're not discussing. We're discussing, we're discussing is what we are. What are these things? Oh, gross. Gagney with a prune, baby. I'd rather have my, if this is all I had to, this is the honest truth. If this is what I was my cuisine for the rest of my life. I'd rather have my taste buds scraped and just drink liquid protein. You know what I'm saying? Just sip it through a straw. Far preferable to eating this, swill. This unidentifiable, this unacceptable, this gross test. Due to Kaka, crap. I mean, you want a mouthful of, oh, that's a wrong thing. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. Have you ever been to a beach or a main your store by the way speaking of, speaking of that? I'm trying to get in the front tummy. I can't take too much butter. It shoots right out my ass. Right, though. That's for anti-freedom. Blue bee, too, that can't. I'm so proud of myself. I'm so proud of myself. I'm so proud of myself. I'm so proud of myself. I'm so proud of myself. I'm so proud of myself. I'm so proud of myself. I'm so proud of myself. Didn't I get it. I can't take too much butter. I can't take it at all. I'm asked for a raw raw less drug. And officially,ORVENTVAL. How's dark roundmouth? Like hot tea or bed radical? And why the fat? So fat? Oh fat, fat! Yo, got so fat. I want to talk about what I can't take too much butter. So through me to that, that's free time I can't take too much butter. I can't take too much butter as you order the Omra can't order the combination of that and all that's the two of the vitamin C I took the night before. You know what happens when you do when you take too much vitamin C? It'll make you sh**. Wow. 132 at 560 WCM. The George tells me that we begin all these calls off here. Oh, that guy was right. You got to try that coconut bar. That advantage bar. Because what's better than a piece of coconut is, huh? Here's a big report in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi Neil. Major figure for me. Yes sir. Southbound Farber at the command. You got the OT. You got FHP. You got the F3. Excellent. Also, big asses and sports. Did anybody mention a Kirby pocket? Yes. What did it? You know what they say to Kirby pocket, just say, have a nice day. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I apologize profusely by the way. Because I have a very, you know, I have an audience out there. They're very susceptible suggestion. And I talked about the, and the only reason I mentioned the advantage bars is because, I don't want to mention George was the one who turned me on to that again. About how crystal is buying those by the sack full and about how, whatever you said. By the sack full and I keep asking for why. You know what it tastes like a sack full of that is what it tastes. And what does she say? She's getting, you got to eat something. Why? Oh, God. I'm serious. If I, I would have my tongue just chopped. Just all the buds scraped off. That's how bad they are. Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know if you remember me. I'm the guy that gave you the big stack of cassettes one day at IOD. The sound effects. Oh yeah, how you doing? I'm doing fine. I just, I recently become diabetic myself. And I thought I would ask you a couple of questions. What, what do you recommend for a snack? You know, like things with no carbs. Because I've been looking at things and reading things very, very carefully lately. Yeah. And like, for instance, I can, I know I can drink diet coke. It's good. It would be hard with no caffeine. Right. But you say right, make sure it's no caffeine diet coke. Okay. Because like if you go on a plane or you go into a restaurant and you get diet coke, it's always going to be the kit with caffeine. Okay. And a lot of people that screws up your whole diet and you're not going to lose any weight like me. Okay. Well, I'm, I'm 61 and 198. So, as weight is not a problem, it's just keeping my sugars regulated. Right. Do you have any recommendations? I mean, I know that I can have like the sugar-free jello and stuff. Yeah, you know that. You have some slums in, or like, you know, cheese. Okay. All right. Well, not a lot. I mean, I mean, we should have continued something really exciting, but there's not a lot. Yeah. My mom says I'm going to probably starving the rest of my life. That's not true. Go on. Did you go to Ruth Christian have one of those gigantic, uh, revised stakes. You won't be starving. Wow. I also got to watch my cholesterol, too. That's kind of a... Well, I see, and again, you've got the wrong doctor because the adkins diet, in most cases, reduces your cholesterol. See, you've been brainwashed. You're, I feel I feel bad because obviously your doctor is a jack-ass. Well, it's, I noticed the. Well, he looked at, well, I want, I want you to do me this. Okay. It's only got a costie about three or four bucks, because it's in paperback five six bucks. Go to your bookstore and get the adkins book. I'm begging you to do it for yourself. Okay. Dr. Racken's new diet revolution. Even though you're not an idiot, it's the best thing. Or better than yet since you are diabetic, go to the same bookstore. It's hardcover. It's a little more expensive. Dr. Bernstein, that, uh, diabetes solution book, right up your alley. Okay. Trust me. All right. The best investment you ever made in your life. I appreciate it. Okay. Good luck, pal. Thanks, but yeah. Yes, he got, he does all these things because he works in mysterious ways that God, and I know I'll see you in heaven, Dr. Mark. I'll aloeff the yesterday's hour and a half over there. I don't think you'll be there. I cannot word this scape me even a verbal tactician, like you're a truly. Cannot find the words to describe the hour and a half that I spent with my doctor yesterday. And when I walked out of there, I kept thinking of myself, who was the doctor and who was the patient? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. How you doing, uh, first time long time. Yes, sir. And, and he must have just been there. And he must have just got cut off. He must have just got just flipped. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami Lake, so hello. Hello, nearer. Speaking. I have heard you for a quite a long time now. And finally decided to call you today. Yes, sir. The way you express yourself about God, tells me one thing about your persona. You must have a very, very sad child. Well, I did not. I'm pretty sure that your mom used to force you to go to the synagogue. No, she did not. We were not religious at all. No, my mom didn't force me to go and there did she go. I mean, what? Incredible. The way you express yourself about God. Because I have a different opinion. I don't believe all the phone. You belong to stuff that you do. It's not a matter of what is it. What is it? What is it? Incredible about what's incredible about it. Well, the bottom line is, if you believe in Santa Claus, you believe in the two fairy? No, I don't. Do you believe in the little green guy under the bed in God? Goblins? No, I don't. Do you believe in angels? No, I don't. How do you believe in God? Because of looking at the sky, looking at everything. I have the nature. Do you believe in nature? Of course I believe in nature. What do you need God for? Why do you have to be one question? No, you can't. What is it? How do I know if you'd ask me the question? How do we get here? I haven't got any idea. Do you? Do you have, do you know how we got here, sir? I know how we got here. Don't give me, of course. Do you know how we got here? We are created. Do you know how we got here, sir? I'm telling you. No, I don't tell you. Don't reach for an answer because you know that I got you trapped into a box. Do you know how we got here? Yes or no? Yes. And we were created by God, which is what? All powerful. Yeah, good. Yeah, then how come, how come we're eating atkins bars? Yeah, there we go. Check us. No, we were, we were creating. How did we get here? How did we get here? I mean, what are we going to do? What are we going to do? How did we get here? Sir, you wasted the right to your life. Wearing about stupid questions like that. How do we get here? And I'll worry about, we're going to rest in my life. Wearing about, what am I going to do now that I'm here? Until that magical day when it all ends because God works in mysterious ways. Just a measus in the disgusting way I speak about. God damn it. Several open lines all of a sudden after that debacle. We got 50 million open lines. Hank was just in here telling me about he almost had a cornery. He had an ear. I mean, we feel a lot better about that Hank and I. Because we're like teenagers compared to Riven, a piece of the arounders. Hope for all of us, baby. Oh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the 18, 10, 10, 10, 10. We're like teenagers compared to Riven, a piece of arounders. Oh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the 18, 10, 10, 10. We're like 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10. We're like, oh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the 18, 10, 10, 10, 10. We're like, let's hear from some more of the God people, okay. And I'll tell you one thing, if you, if you, if you, every one of those advantage bars and you can call me afterwards and say you still believe in God, then I give you credit. Then I'll say now, there's somebody with the courage of their convictions. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. I had one of those browny hounds and hound is definitely the operative word on that bar. Yeah. That was um. As in, back home. God, how could any, seriously, you know, when you make a product, you know what I'm saying? When when a company manufacturers are products and they taste it. They experiment in the lab and they put all the ingredients together. How could anybody have manufactured those things, you know? How are these things? And what, and, and tasted them and said, oh yeah, well, the public will love these. Let's package them now. One word recycled, toilet paper. Oh, God, even Mr. Whipple wouldn't touch these. Let me ask you a question about the icons because I'm not really too familiar with. Can, what do you think about like, not, and I'm not making a joke about it. I mean, I like nuts myself. But can you completely own what they're attached to? Can there's certain types as you can either, because I don't know. I was, I was looking at some of the packages and some of them. If back when it comes to, I get about four or five. Perhaps another guy always say, Ray, what do you have to compare? But anyway, well, I'm not here in the book. He'll tell you that you have to be careful. You can have a limited amount of nuts, but like, you know, a few cash use, a few macadamies, but you can't overdo it because they're loaded with carbohydrates. But they also got that co-cube, something? Co-cube 10. Yes, which is where you, which you need. Which I'm taking, which is excellent. Which is great, you're right. Which is good. But you can take that in the supplement without taking the carbohydrates. So you're just looking to take the nuts as an excuse so that you can say, Oh, I'm taking it for the co-cube 10. I mean, if you're not okay, but don't overdo it. No, I mean, I'm not diabetic or I'm not, you know, extremely overweight or nothing. Well, I'm just a liar. Why are you interested in the acting? Because I don't like the all the sugars that I'm trying to lose some, some fat content, you know, It's right. Bring it down from like 19 or 20% of the power. Possible down to 15% of the time. Well, these advantages bars will do it. You won't need for weeks. You're looking like you're about praying in the bottom. All right. You'll be, you'll be, you'll be skinny and thin. You know, something, I bet you the last solid meal that Terran Carpenter Raid was a doctor-ranking advantage bar. I will never eat that again. I bet you that's what put her right over the edge. If that was my last, I was, you know, in prison for murder, and that was going to be my last meal. I just told him to go ahead and pull this way. Exactly. Just the, It's getting over me. Okay, pal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, whoever, whoever turned this out of this crap, by the way, like for an hard get said, there's another one for it. I know another one. Oh, man. Oh, but you got to try to cope at a one. They're really great. See, I'm not, I'm sorry. A little bit of reluctant after eating these other two plus a part of the third, and I do mean you turned. What was the third one? The peanut butter, uh, direct one? Peanut butter, diarrhea? Oh, God. Seriously. Just, I want you to think of the worst meal you've ever had in your life. If you can single one out, we've all had to pretty much think of the absolute worst swill that's ever been pulled off on you as a meal. Multiply times 100, and now you're starting to eat warm. You're not close yet. You're starting to eat close. Just a little close. To just how to grow test, how terminal, how unbelievably bad. And now you see that guy that called before that is Mr. Fine or whatever day was, Mr. Not so fine. He's going to be psychotic. Oh, my God, you're going to kill me. You know, something I cannot tell a lie. Not about the little lie, maybe, but not a lie like this. You talk about credibility. Even Bubba's no is never grew that much. Oh, geez. I mean, this stuff, my dogs wouldn't touch these. Forget about what their mouth. They wouldn't touch it with their back. No, it wouldn't come close to it. Here's a mobile and water. Hello. Hey, Neah, how are you? Okay, sir. Yeah, I thought it was a bit as far as I think the coconut is probably the best of the bunch, but they are the worst. Right. I mean, they truly are the worst. The only thing that I have enjoyed out of that delight is their ice cream. But every top of the ice, I eat that ice cream. I stop losing weight. I don't gain any weight. Yeah, I just stopped losing weight. Yeah, that's true. But but Delver, you're delights didn't make these. These are made by the Atkins before the Atkins program. Yeah, I screwed in themselves. No, I'm talking about the advantage. They had their work. Yeah, well, they saw a lot of the products in there. I've tried most of the stuff they carry. Yeah. And I just assumed. Stick with the gel, I'll even know I'm sick of it. I stick with the gel. I'll just eat the whipped cream. Yeah. I'll just stick the whipped cream. I do just turn the whipped cream thing. I'll get one of those big ones with some of them. There's some of them. Zero carbs. And you shake it up. And it's tilting off the down. You suck it right out of the tube. Take that. And if you start doing that, it's for us. I don't know how you market those things. People actually buy them. They're expensive too. But not cheap. Oh, thank God. I got these for free. Yeah, they're like three bucks a piece. Are you serious? Yeah, three bucks a pop. Are you sure? Talk to pop. Oh. And they also sell some, there's like a fluid they sell. Think it tastes like a data rate. It's called a fat burner. It's made by some place that we call a spring. And that's pretty. Oh, I like that stuff. Yeah, it's really good. But that's also expensive. We're on deliver to the play. I'm driving a truck or live. I'm on deliver to the place that many factors. But I do know what you're talking about. That's pretty good stuff. Yeah, it's good. But all that science stuff is crap. Yeah, it's crap. Good luck. Good luck with luck. Okay. Yeah. Good luck to us all. Like little tiny Tim said. Because God has the big fixes in. Okay. If you like it, you're going to get sick. You're going to get fat. You're going to die. Because that's the way God works. Because like I keep telling you over and over again. He's one sadistic mother, baby. He just sitting up there laughing up his sleeve. In fact, if you pick up one of those, you go into your bookstore and pick up one of those disease books. You know, that's God. Well, it's mainly for physicians. But if you're a hypocondriac like I am, you can sit around. Kill a lot of good time at home. We need about all these various diseases. Every time you have like a little pain. Oh, you know, and you'll open that thing up. And you'll be astonished. It's all the thousands and thousands and thousands of diseases that exist. The things that you never heard of before. And don't forget God made. One of these things. That's right. Glenn, he gets pissed off of you now. You know.