430560 WGQAM My AmiPortLiner Delph Resets The Neal Rogers Show The Torntons and Neal Call 567-0560 toll free, repeated error and orp 560 on your cell phone The opinions of the OXCAS pollers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of the UAS BGW lucky lord Corgot cabin Wellanos I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. You called me on, strange draws off, and claims there are no shoes, you looked like you had to save me them and not never catch a guardians office. Mashi Blanca Two and on a 12 on that. The adal made 10,000 this morning. Oh, and it's underneath it again. People on CNN, I'm going to tell you something. I don't want to, you know, pee on your parade. Or we all got money in the stock market. Anybody that's come more than 10 bucks to their name is got something. We got mutual funds. They got stock. They got something. We all got sucked into this big gamble. This big charade. Like, you know, somebody gets out there got sucked into one of their phone. He's fight. See, I don't understand. It's like somebody goes to the racetrack and they bet some money on a racer. Oh, gee, that racer looks fixed. Yeah. Same thing with these boxing idiots, you know, it's like going to a professional wrestling. Oh, I think this thing is rigged. And what's the point? You know, that business about a sucker is born every minute. They just keep coming back and coming back. Come on, punish me with me. Beat me, et cetera. But getting back to this stock market, which by the way, let's see. Oh, look at that. Wow, 65 points away. How the mighty of falling. 15 minutes ago, they were like, Maria Bartiroma was jumping up and down on CNBC and CNN was like, even high-preventinating 100 times worse. Major breaking news, you know, it's just an artificial number. But it's that pack mentality that's not college. You know, we broke through 10,000. Oh, my God, this guy isn't falling after all. Oh, I don't think it's unfortunate. Aren't we? Are we getting rich? No. Because we get sucked in by, and like I said, yesterday, everybody's in export. This one tells you it's a bull market. And the other way, it's a bear market. And the other one, well, we don't really know. It's all a bunch of bulls. What it is, crap. Because nobody really knows. And yes, some people got lucky and some people got some good insight and information. Some people got some bad insight and information. But to watch the way these people were hyperventilating this morning and there, it's throwing paper, throwing confetti around there. Like, like, we didn't like what was New Year's Eve. And guess what? Now we're 67 points away and dropping like a rock. I hate to break the news to you. But at any rate, it's only cash, boys and girls. It's only money. Yeah, what happened in here from yesterday today with the overhead? I don't know. Socks from one extreme to the other. But nevertheless, it's the QAMF in way, baby. We don't want to start complaining technical. Well, I got about 35 million things today. And thank God for that. Because after yesterday with this, oh, brother, with this crowd. Guess what I got in the mail of home yesterday. And my Florida Panthers play off tickets in voice. No. Yes. It's right. They want 125 bucks is what they want. 1080 for playoff rounds one and two and 120 bucks for a playoff park. What do I care that you reimburse me here anyway? What do I give a crap? If I wait long enough. But it's just the idea. See, I want you to understand. This is for all the season ticket holders. Now, we still got about what? 16, 17 games left in a regular season, something like that. And it's a very good chance that this team is not going to make the playoffs. Very good chance. Especially if Pavel Burrito come back very soon. And the room around the league is he ain't coming back to the right of the season. He's out for the year. That's the rumor. Not in this town, but around the right of the league, they're whispering, I guess, while he ain't coming back this year. Which if in that's the case, it's going to be real tough. So stop and think about this. You don't get refunds on your playoff tickets. You have to put them on the up by a certain date, which in this case, they wanted by, what's today's at Wayne once my money buy? March 26th, that's only like a 10 days away. If you want to so up those, they play off around one to tickets. And if they don't make it, guess what happens? They hold your money and they credit it toward next year's bill for next year's tickets. How would you like to have a scam going like that? Were you just basically hold on to people's money as long as you want and you make the interest on it? I mean, figure out. We got about 16, 17,000 season ticket holders. Times at least, however much it is, you know, and then the sweet, the sweet and the boxes, got only knows how much those besters have to pay for the playoffs. And they just kind of hang onto your money. So like I said, the suckers boring every minute. And yes, I will be sending in the money because thank God they reimburse me from here. I found I came across in this book, Volga Favres by Marine Ortha, about the Kuranan in the story. Found one page for getting about Andrew Kuranan and Gianni Brasachi that ties into something we've talked about on this show many, many times. And yeah, all these people in the audience who professed an ignorance of this, you'll look for the glory hole. This may give them a little bit more insight, although it's really bizarre. Very strange. Wait for your this. It says between the stalls in a men's room on one of San Diego's Navy bases is a waste high hole, barely large enough to accommodate a man's finger. One time is the best time to visit it, Stephen Zeland writes in the article Killer Queen Public Enciedles Game Magazine the Stranger. Holes like this are known as Glory Holes. In 1995, Zeland says he told Jade Buckman about it and especially beautiful man he'd seen there three times. Turns out this guy was Jeff, uh, wasn't they? Jeff Trail, one of the guys that can any killed. The guy was shy and only once briefly did he kneel down, now listen to this, and in accordance with the prevailing etiquette, stick his penis under the stall. Most of the time we just watched either through the hole or took turns sticking our pinkies through it, touching just barely the tips of each other's penises. Zeland learned why identify the man by the cartoon mouse tattoo on his ankle. But, let's go back to that one line again. According to the court, it's the prevailing etiquette etiquette. Only once that he stick his penis under the stall. Now we've all been in public restaurants, right? Now you know where the stall comes down to like what we just say a couple inches above the floor? Yeah, not more than a foot. Right? Oh, listen to that. How do you stick your penis under the stall? Not me. Oh, man, you're looking for glory home. That is bizarre, baby. Pretty good book though, by the way. Pretty interesting. If you're interested in that which I know none of you are, stick their penis in accordance to etiquette. Now is that like Martha Stewart, written about that or Amy Vanderbilt in the book of etiquette? That if you're going to give a proper greeting at a glory hole, you stick your penis under the stall. As a member's only under the stall. Oh, bad news by the way, it's an epidemic. That's Superman, another one. Kirk Allen never heard of. I'll say that. I'm still going to speed him, bullets. Okay. After Kirk Allen, the dance you followed for in Red Skull and the Hollywood became films first Superman die after Longulis. He was 88. That's old enough. He was a violent die on Sunday in a hospital. They were his home in the Woodlands, Texas, north of Houston. Superman, the comic book, you're aboard in the depression already. You can't see the imagination of the generation of children in print and on radio. Well, I missed a rally and agreed to play the part 1948. By the way, Bob Conner used to play Superman on radio. Do you remember Bob Conner from To Tell The Truth? Huh? He's dead. Let's see. But Conner's dead. He was Superman. This guy Kirk Allen just died. He was Superman. George Reeves played Superman. He's dead. Blu, blu, his brains up. And Christopher Reeve, not dead. But I have it a count of a tough time of it. So there you go. I guess Superman wasn't quite so involved with the althought. You know about that Jimmy Olson, though, you know what he was? 10 minutes after 10 at 5. 60. In fact, he's probably looking for glory holes. Is he dead? Jimmy Olson? Huh? The actor that played for Olson? Dead or alive? There's your challenge for this morning boys and girls. You know, I don't have no idea what her, it's name was. Where you fudge back then? We're so sorry. There's this rotten one. We don't stop and go to the cities. You said we're crazy. We're so sorry. And this rotten one. But the past needs time will set into the fix. We're all the audience of things. He sent you every 50 but you're dressing completely. He has to deal with things, very something other than your future way to call. We're so sorry. Every time he just, you can see his basketball. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. He's a little bit sad. one of you know, same old craft, Dennis Robb and part of the scenery. That's what it says this morning. It's come sentinel. Panthers aren't their own professional athletes at the hard rock hotel in casino in Vegas. Dennis Robb and Denise Robb and who left the yelakers base supposedly because he had personal problems to take care of. Well, maybe had gambling problems to take care of because these plunging his brains up in Las Vegas. There we go. Lakers won 10 in a row with him in line up at lost to Sacramento 105 to 101 without him in line up on Sunday night while he was plunging his brains out in Las Vegas every game. A great old time. The NBA forward we're seeing out on the town several times Sunday and Monday it is typically flashy outfits looking like a real piece of crap. What can like a real asshole. And there you go. And I heard like about 30 seconds of that conversation this morning about the Panthers being in Vegas and about you know what kind of a message to that send and all the young kids on the team in this and who gives a crap, you know, when you come right down with what difference is it made? Let him go out there and have a good time. Let Robb need him our plunger way. His lunch money. Okay. Maybe he'll learn what hungers we saw about. What the hell did he do to his amic? It's you know going out there and playing the game. It's a lack of talent. That's the problem. And I'm still I still am amazed that a team with this marginal personnel without Palmville beri is really right around the 500 mark and still love very close only a point out of a playoff spot. So they ought to be kissing the ground. By the way, speaking, a kiss in the ground, Joe Costello is a good guy. I've got very bad taste and sports. In fact, Joe Costello really is in the sports fan, which is why he's going to be doing a new show on our station. Starting this Saturday morning. Let's hear it for Joe. I hope that his arm doesn't fall off before the show starts. Do you see that thing yesterday was yesterday was red today it's green and his arm too. Looks like a little again green cinnamon. This Saturday, motorsports Saturday will be added to the weekend schedule here on Q&A, the show hosted by our own Joe Costello. Famous for his track announcing at Marozo Motorsports Park in West Palm Beach, it says will air weekly at 6 a.m. 6 to 7 o'clock every Saturday morning just before default in the trade out show. The show will feature a weekly look at the motorsports racing world including the Nanscar, Cart, IRL, NHRA as well whatever all it is as well as local motorsports say. And anybody care about that? Oh yeah, millions of this is the most popular sport in the world, even bigger than golf. Please join me in welcoming this new show to the QM lineup and wishing Joe success on his new adventure says Dufflensy. Oh, by the way speaking of all of that. And the thing I read from the book about the glory holes. So I went down the hall this take a leak this morning. Since we're now up on the third floor and we don't have new facilities up there. Two big glory holes drilled in the wooden partition between the stalls in there. Any ideas on who drilled those? Uh-huh. Seriously. Two enormous not one but two big glory holes drilled in the wall. Here's a letter to the editor in the Herald again. Now this one just to see I'm tempted to go both ways on this letter because we know that the Herald basically are a bunch of blue nose anti-smitted cancels but as far as being racist they could be. I don't know. But I don't know about you but I'm just sticking to this kind of crap. Just like on the front page of the paper architect for arena under fire for the new American Airlines Mickey Harrison mayor of Pina Serena affirmative action violation is alleged. I can't stand the way I sound in this room. I can't tell you how to yesterday and today I feel like instead of doing a show. I feel like I'm doing an out of body experience. It feels like the show is going on but I'm watching it from the outside like a ghost because it just sounds like crap. But anyway the official the architect of the new American Airlines of arena street contractors could be bounced from the job and barred from doing business with Miami-Dade County for a year for allegedly violating the county's rules on affirmative action. In other words they didn't hire enough spows and stores I guess is what that means. I thought we were passed that I thought we were getting rid of that crap. So we have to have quotas and you have to hire enough people regardless of what they got in IQ larger than their penis size or they can stick it underneath the stall in the at-the-roll. So getting back to the letter to the editor which is from Bradford Brown second-by-is president of the NAACP Miami-Dade branch Opalaka. Here's the letter. Very short and sweet and it really makes my blood boil when I'm re-crap like this. I mean see if my life was that empty that shallow or maybe that perfect that this is the only kind of stuff that I had to worry about. I'd say yeah! The perception that the Harold is insensitive to many of the concerns of the black community was enhanced recently by the coverage of the Grammy Awards. The Harold ran a picture of Madonna but not Lauren Hill. The New York Times ran pictures of both. In of letter to the editor from the local NAACP chapter in Opalaka. Is that unbelievable or what? You're much erasist because you're in a picture of Madonna and not Lauren Hill. First of all we all know Madonna whether we like her whether we can't stand her whether we think she can sing whether we should think she's a scank and a scumbag and smells bad. Whatever we think we know Madonna, everybody in the world. Even people like wouldn't know the president would know their own parents. They know Madonna. Lauren Hill? If Lauren I mean I know who she is she's a hip-hop a rap singer okay who won the Grammy. I can't stand her because she did out the back door boys for the best new artists of the year in the Grammy. But nevertheless, if she walked in the door right now if that door swung open right now and it was Lauren Hill would anybody in her recognized? No of course not. Have no idea who the hell she was. But it's racist again because you're pita. I mean people looking for problems. People looking to get pissed off. People walk it around with a big big chip on her shoulder. And I'm sick and tired of it because it is the American Fnwak. It's really, really old and tired. By the way speaking of old and tired we're in our new studios up here on the third floor which sound really bad and near to me by the way. But nevertheless, so I walk out of here yesterday a few minutes after two. Usually it's right at two but we were trying to unscru some of the stuff that's screw up and you're I walk out a few minutes after two and here Sam the sham has got a little office in there our promotion man. And as I'm starting to take a couple of steps down the hold of the door and mark exit. I hear Neil, where are you going? I said home. I'll come on and sit down for a minute and I kind of wandered over to the door and I give me a whimsical quizzical look. I said hi. It's a new idea. I come on sit down for a couple of minutes. I said for what and he just looked at me like and I started like again hitting down. I'm where you go? I said home and as I kind of waddled out of here and down the elevator I was thinking to myself suckling as I went down that little bit of your shaft. What in the world could I possibly talk to that man about? Promoting this show? I mean that you know is a given we don't have any promotion on this radio station. What in the world could I possibly talk to Sam the scam about in his little office in there? About the business? No. About life? No. About his girlfriend? No, about all the free tickets that he gets to all the events in concert? No. But all the action he's getting in the QM skybox? No. No, nothing that's of any interest to me. What can I possibly talk to that man about? So I hope that this fascination with the fact that we're up here on this floor ends real soon because the one good thing is that we got you just go straight around. You follow the corridor right around to the right. You make it out of and you're right there at the door. You slide along the wall there. You're right at the elevator. You're going like a shot. Just like a shot. That's it. So don't be bugging me anymore Sam. Okay. I got nothing to say to you. Other than goodbye and have a nice day. By the way, the market is down 22 points. So now it's a long way from that you for you of about 40 minutes ago when across 10,000 and they were jumping up and down on TV like rumple stillskin. Like they just all had multiple orgasms together. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hey, hi, now. Our first call of the day. Yes. Are you doing? Okay. I got one story to tell you that I've been able to get out of my mind yet. I work for Miami Day Transit and Sunday. We were at Birkel Station. We were providing a show to buses to the cardiovascular event. Yes. And also at the station there were five police officers with T-shirt multi gang unit agency. And a group came in. They all had money. Yeah. Except for one disc or except for one girl. She didn't have the $1.25 that get inside the metro station. So she was asking around people for the $0.25. She was so high. She couldn't be any more than 17, 18 years old. Yeah. And they was this muscular police officer. Really young. He took her to his car. He took a Polaroid camera and she lived her dress up and he took about four pictures of her hiding. I can't believe that. Back home. Yeah. We don't need that. That's incredible. Yeah. Okay. Well, Colis, when you have your next one of these. Okay. We have another hot flash. All righty. Okay. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 60 on the mobile online. Anybody else got any stories like that out there today? Come on. Even make some up. That's what this audience is good at. I mean, when you don't have a life at least make one up. Here's a pop at a. Hello. Yes, sir. Go. I report from the scum Sentinel. If you haven't seen it already. Yeah. This is a chronic. Yes. Republic. So Kendall, Toriota, back to the original owners. Really? Yeah. Now, too bad. We're done with them. Yeah. They lose. Yeah. Have a look at that. We published stock in the market went up 82 points yesterday. Republic is 13 and a quarter I think it closed that yesterday in the toilet. Have a good one. Okay. Thank you. Thanks for the good news, chronic. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Let's have a few phone calls on here. Today, let's talk about white spider bites. You know, today's thing is I got a sore breast bone. You know, right here? What? I mean, not that sore, but a little sore. I don't know from what? From getting old. Eggs and pains. How to hell the wine? I'm not going to start panicking. Every day I got something new and different. My spider bites are healing up very nicely. Look how nice that's coming along. Now that that's the taking care. Now I got a sore breast bone probably from rust sucks. Probably from hot gay sex on the plane. By the way, Hank, you're right about Delta. They suck. God, they suck. They're food sucks. They can't take off on time. They can't do anything right. They haven't got to clue what they're doing. They were saying airline that used to really love was Delta Airlines. Years ago, I mean, it's a long distant memory now. And now they are garbage. Man, they really blow. But you know, you don't have much of a choice. They got you coming and going. That's one of the great things with the airlines. They got you right by the short here is because there's very, well, whatever happened to that national airline member. There was supposed to start in January, your February the latest nonstop direct flights from the Fort Waterdale and Miami to Vegas. Anybody ever heard any more about that? No, not a word. I don't get that. There's more guy than people that go from here to Vegas that love Vegas, that just wish they had some action going on in their lives. And you have to go through Atlanta. That's your Dallas. You got to go through a big, you know, and then of course, that Dallas airport, especially if you take American. We want that one trip with us. We had to go get on that damn shuttle and go outside. It looks like you're going around the whole border of the state of Texas, which is the size of Alaska. By the way, Jesus Christ, take you by the thank God. We had enough time to make the connection. In the next load, we'll go find the Nigger and drag them down the road. We'll be proud you're from the South boy. Double wide, Southern Bride. Now if there's a beer, we'll all live in Traftainside. We'll break her in the Asyns dealer first before she dies and ever prays the Bible to Dallas. They are barbarism ignorant and seizing a dragon. Break that is. Fire up some guards. Looks too. Now we are the Christian soldiers of God who like to wipe our house with an old foreign God. And when we're not burning churches or clinics, then we play our bandos in the trees with pieces in our mouth. That's what Christians require right there in the old ground. 33 of 560 WQM. By the way, does there a crossover between country music and NASCAR? I mean, you asked your cost. Next time you pops this head in the door, P. Lux Country music. What are you grinning about? Pick it and grinning. That's what that's all about. Daylern Hart is here. I'd ride. In fact, I was watching the Hurcouans play a hockey game last week. I forget what game it was. And they had a much bigger than usual crowds. And to usually have about 500 people in there and greens were out in the middle of nowhere in Yenem'sville. And they had a lot of people there. And they were saying, oh yeah, daylern are one of those, I don't know, the names. One of those good old boys. He's here today is riding the Zamboni in between periods. He's signed an autographs. All right. So I think there's a big crossover between that auto racing and country music. I bet your Garth Brooks likes auto racing a lot. Here's our one call on the board. Here's Holly Wood Hello. Hello? Yes sir. How you doing, you? Okay. Listen, I just wanted to know some about Lauren Hill. Yeah. Technically, she's not a new artist. She was a member of the food cheese. A group called the food just about four and a half years. Yeah. So I don't see how she could have gotten a new artist for a Grammy. Yeah. And I thought I'd just go, that's how I got new. Okay. Thanks. That's all the audience has today. So like I got my board on a week's time. Okay. And when it's comedy, we've looked one. And when I'm about to face the faces, one by one. Here up on, here it's something to hear about. Oh, it's spirit airline. 560, 560, 560, and a mobile one. So far our experience our second day in the new studios. I would write it as an un-mitticated disaster. The worst. You know something, I finally figured out why my breastbone hurts. You know what it is? Huh? We ended up against the counter. Right. Remember I mentioned that yesterday at the end of the show? This is exactly where this wood is. I got wood on my chest. Well, seriously. The wooden edge. I mean, maybe if I was in in a height here, how about it could this chair raise up? Because this is not going to fly. I think it's up all the way. How about the chair? This is definitely not going to fly. Sounds like crap it here. My breastbone is aching. I'm wondering. You know, last time I go into bed, I thought, what's what that was that? Something new and exciting? I haven't had enough other aches and pains in insect bites and all kinds of crap going on in my life. And then I realize right now I'm sitting here and I'm like pressed up against the counter. That's way to hell too high. Way to hell too high. How come late and have it like up to my neck would have been good? Here's plantation. Hello. Hey, you need to go back to talk about flight alignment at all. Okay. Thanks a lot, asshole. Jack asked. Who's the drummer for Franklin Island by the way? Her tank yesterday talking about Ringo Star. When I'm Vegas didn't see the flight night's going heck. And when I ring or star concert and about the Todd Rungren. By the way, the great song Todd Rungren hand was not the hello it's me, which was with the nags. It was I saw the light. That was a great record. Oh, I liked Todd Rungren. Great. And then he was talking about the guitarist for a cream was in this group with Ringo. And I thought the guitarist for cream was there a clap and blow it or I know. You know, I could be wrong. Huh, sunshine of your glass. And also the drummer from bad company. And then some suck ass calls in. Oh, you know, you're right. So Ringo Star is really underrated as a drummer. And I thought to myself, first of all, like I said last week, drummers are very rarely. Once it went wild and drummer and it most peed most of the time you even know who the drummer is. Because the drummer almost always is the guy who's the least musically talented, like Dennis Wilson in the beach boys like Joey Reynolds in aerosmith. Oh, by the way, in speaking of aerosmith, finally heavy, heavy duty, finally after all this time. I get a CD in the mail from my Columbia record club, and no, I'm not giving it away. And you can't have it. Did I actually want a little sound vicinity by aerosmith. And I usually hate hate live concert albums. I can't stand them. But this one happens to be absolutely sensational. I want to play an at-hole thing here today. Five and then this phone thing here in this new studio, something that could be the audience you never know in this town. But there's something really rotten and Denmark with this crowd. Maybe we're not capable of getting like more than one line at a time on there. Is that what it is? Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Mighty, come on. Okay, great. There we go. That's that. That's a material our audience has this week. Okay, I said I love that new aerosmith. I'm going to play the whole guy dancing beginning to end. 22, 11. This is the week in our, you see, this is what Miami does to you. This is what working in this town, Laududia. We're supposed to be all excited. We're moving off of the second floor. We're into our new studios up here with all the other losers. We're up on the third floor with a whole rest of QAM in Power 96. It's sediment. So long, we got nice new walls, newly painted, et cetera. And there's not a call on the board. Now, let's see, so far, what do we have so far? We had to guy make it up this story about the cop with the snatch out of snapshots. And then we had the guy with the boring chronic guy from Pompa and later, he was so boring. I remember what he had to say. Then we had to guy, Frankie, I'm in that check ass with his, his play is Beaton's drum. He's beating something. And then we get the medical and that's it. Four out of four. Even Joe to Maggio never was that perfect. Okay, even Jolton Joe. 5, 6, 7. I don't even know if these guy damn lines work on this phone up here. I have my doubts about this whole setup. Nice going, Eric Greg. We were in the river kicking ass. We were doing pretty good downstairs. We were doing a show every day. I have my doubts now. We're going to be able to do the Neo Rodgers show on his floor. Maybe it's being on his floor. I don't want to mention names, you know. Maybe it's like rubbing off. Something really strange going on in this outfit. 21, before 11. Yeah, my press bill. I'm wondering what the hell is this? And I realize I'm like sitting here, pressed up against a hard piece of wood. And by the way, somebody better tell a give Marine or call up Tim Russert. And tell me what I talked to his wife, Marine or the wrote the conanibook. He needs some serious instructions about glory hold before she starts writing the book about it. Put your penis under the stall. Maybe even put your penis under the stall, Marine. Just want to die. See you. They're not. I watched a wrestling match with big shoes men with sweaty cracks. They would try to grab each other's ass. There ain't nothing more than the tiny cheese draft. But when they rang the bell and the match was over, I couldn't help but notice I had a big bow now. I want a linear handler. I'm so nervous. I have a man. I brought you up around my mouth. I want a linear handler. Press your shoulder to feel the twist pushing inside and out. Why have this kissy little guy? Stick to my hand between another man's life. So when I pull my ass away, I get to sell my finger. You know, better than some time to train. You don't even have much of a brain as long as in the shower after you work out. You don't want to waste in someone's balls in your mouth. And tell that white sleeve can be messy and too smelly. That's why they like to rub that K-Y on their belly. All right. I want to be a regular and retaining more runs just like you. I want to be a regular and they be run for governor too. As long as there's a drags of crowd, I don't find going down all. Rub it. There are locks with some clumpy queer. He should have done it this week. I was talking to somebody in the airport in the MIA the day before I got on the plane and he said, you know, I listen to you all the time and you're absolutely correct about wrestlers. Even a high school in college wrestlers, every one of my never known was a flaming queen. They're the ones that are busy drilling the glory holes. By the way, got any wrestlers in his building? I've had a one-series build a drill those two glory holes down there. Two of them. Side by side, no less. I guess we're heavy do the action. 1046 and 560 WGQAM. Yeah, my my brothers need build a counter like a little bit higher like so I could rest my chin on it would have been good, huh? These people in this place, but anyway, you know, they deserve each other. Here's some rise. How are you? Yes sir. One thing about the new studio, uh, it sucks. Well, I can hear you better on hold than I'm doing when you were downstairs. Wow, Mark mostly just stuck his head in the door. I said, I'll everything up here sucks. Well, that's what he said, but I can hear it better on the when I'm on hold. Putting the PD. Yes. Uh, drummers. Um, drummers. No columns and Karen Kloppender. Karen, trapping. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I lied to him. You know something that if you would have saved the energy from the drumman and just had another sandwich or two, she might still be a drumman. It might be tapin' it. Kirk Allen, uh, you know, uh, you know, who hears about drummers? Drummers are like, uh, like I said before. And for a guy to call a tank yesterday, and this caller was just a suckle. Oh, your right. Ringo Star was very underrated. Ringo Star. Number one was a mediocre drummer at best. And number two, couldn't sing his way out of a paper bag. Number he's a bubble gum. I mean, you know, I'm sure that Hank enjoyed the concert in the group time. Runwind's rate, the drummer from a bad company said was, that's fine. But to say that Ringo Star is like a great artist is, uh, pathetic. Attequate to the task. Exactly. Right. Like like Dennis Wilson who ain't beaten it to well anymore. You know, you notice how most of the drummers are dead. Yeah, John Bonham. What does that tell you? Yeah, exactly. Uh, what about what about that Joey Bishop of the drummer for air osmith? No, no, Joey Reynolds. Yeah, come to. Uh, Kirk Allen was, you know, you're snooing about cereals on video. You know, you'd be know the Kirk Allen was super anacors. And interesting in the obit. It said that, you know, he was tight cast just like George Reeves. Once he played Superman, he couldn't get real. That's what he said, right. You know, couldn't get another goddamn role unless he was putting a have a cape on. Maybe you could have been Captain Marvel. And kiss a death, you know, right. If he would have just done that Suzanne, he could have been Captain Marvel. And I've one of the thoughts concerning when she talks about yesterday. And by the way, before you go on to then, um, it says when he was 37 he started this shows how old I am. He started as the man of steel Superman and two pictures from Columbia Superman in 1948 and Adam man versus Superman in 1950. Each was done in a 15 part cereal format. And I can remember his a kid and Rochester go to the cano theater every Saturday morning. And see in the CR and I saw those with the Kirk Allen, not that I remember who the hell he was. But I saw those excellent old fart iron. In the early days of video and when was first emerging those were one of the, one of the first things that were made available. Yeah, we're the cereal on video. But anyway, you were talking about the business about all the old people that vote on things to repress. Oh, right. It seems to me that the reason is voter apathy. All the old people are the only ones that turn out. That's right because the rest of the people down here, they take a look at the people that are offered up in what's going on. And we don't want to be involved including me. I mean, I'll I'll vote in, you know, national elections like next year. But the idea of voting in these local, these perokyo, what's the point? Exactly. Like what we use, they offer up the same direct year and then you're out. And the same income that's almost always get in with the recognizable names. And it's the same old parts in the condo is the given list. And they all go marching after the because they got nothing else to do. A lot of them they go to the clubhouse and their own condo and they vote right there. They don't even have to go off the grounds. If you don't you think if all the people that patronize these clubs and the young people like the ones that went to spring break, yeah, we're all enough to vote registered and voted. There would be more of them than the condo commandos. No. No. You don't think so. No. Because I went to vote on the library issue the other day. And the library issue? Well, you know, about the referendum to get the new library improvements? No, I don't know. Well, this is the election of the day in the local. Yeah. Whatever. But I was the only one. I think two people were there. Me and the enough for our sheriff's officer. Yeah. And this was in the middle of the day. And normally when you go to an election or to a polling place on an election day, most of the people you see there have blue hair. How and like I said, we just go to one of the circle. The rest of us are not going to care about this perofial crap down here. There's nobody to vote for. There's nobody. I mean, it's not like Chicago where you got a mayor daily or even New York where the election were not Rudy Giuliani. But we've got a mayor who means something who makes them decisions, who's got some power, who's recognized them. This is all crap down here. You got all these little municipalities. Every five blocks is another town. It's sunrise and it's water hill. And it's a pepper pines and a pepper park. And then there's the one where they won't let anybody out of the age of 100. They run an age of pepper pines. Whatever it is, they call that place. It's hopeless. Well, you know, it's amazing to me when I move down here. How similar to New Jersey, South Florida is. Yeah. It's exactly like that. I think it's like New Jersey would better weather and without the smell, right? Microfen South Carolina. And they were deaf in the town. You know, you drive out of town. You have the sub. We're going to you see trees and things. And then you get to the next town. Yeah, but I do like every hill. You cross the street. You're in another community. I like that. Ponds. You was restaurant in Cheerio Hill. Have a great day, pal. Whatever you're saying. What do you say? 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. plenty of open lines. Rock and roll. How a family yesterday. In fact, they just had his push on here. Thank God. I don't need breakfast. Three singers who dominated radio in 1970s were inducted to the Rock and roll. How a family yesterday along with Dusty Springfield, who died two weeks ago. Who were the three singers? Paul McCartney. He deserves to be in there, right? All right. Yeah. Billy Joel. George likes Billy Joel, by the way. And Bruce Springsteen. Absolutely correct. What kind of that come from? Did that come from like in there? Who hit that? You did. I hit. Absolutely. How do you like that? Both of the same finger. Must be getting sharper after sticking through that little hole. How do you like that? Billy Joel, Paul McCartney and Bruce Springsteen. I also inducted which for some strange reasons got way down on the bottom of the article because they're not as famous Curtis Mayfield, who already was in the halls of memory of the impressions. Now we're talking. They're like a recording artist. There's a singer. Dell Shannon. All right. Now we're talking. Now I'll go with Dell. See you later. In the gospel group to staple singers. Excellent. Blues artist Charles Brown on the Western Swing Band Bob Wheels and his Texas Playboys. We're honored as early influences. Whatever that means. And Beatles producer George Martin was a little bit of the non-performing category. How about Brian Epstein? Do you see in there? Well, see him no more. That's our topic today. Did recording artists we all loved. Dead drummers that we all they marched to a different drummer. Here's Holmes, did. Hello. Good afternoon sir. How are you? Yes sir. Good evening. Two thanks. Whatever it was. He took you to the on-hated. You know, go ahead. The guy before me was talking about the on-hold sound is much, much better. Well, they're just so if we get these people off their ass call and they could actually hear what? Yeah, they're the show. That's right. You're right. That was wrong with this audience. Right. Damn it. They hate me like poison. Oh, they heard it. No, they can't turn it off but they will not speak to me for love or money. If I gave my hundred dollars a piece yesterday and today, I still couldn't get these guy damn phones cranked up these bastards. I'll call back and you give me a hundred bucks. Okay. Okay. Jimmy also. We don't give it to him. Jimmy Olson then. Jimmy Olson, I can't remember the actors name. He was a faggot. Yeah, you know, but he was like, well, got a year, year and a half ago. Something that was thing in the paper. I think Clark Kent, you know, he kind of looked anywhere there runs around with an outfit like that. That's right. With the types and the whole thing. Right. But Jimmy Olson and the well, never mind. I know. Second thing, racing. I'm not a race fan. But a bunch of friends in my wife. People we know down downtown home. That they follow the race. NASCAR, whatever they're hell, all these races. All those crap. Yeah, all the crap. Why? They know. I don't know. But they know the names of the pit crew. Huh. The numbers of sponsors. They probably even know the name of the drummer. What? Probably. Yeah. In the breakman. But that's all I have to offer today. Who is the name of the drummer for the breakman, by the way? Okay. Thanks a lot. Now that's our, okay. Here's the poll. Which of the following is a real, I'm not talking about playing it. I'm talking about a spectator sport. Golf, auto racing, boxing. I'm talking about boxing today and wrestling. There you go. There are the four for you. That's it. That's a poll, baby. That's a spectacitor poll. Which of those four is a real spectator sport? I didn't say spectators sport. We were putting cockfighting if we did that. Which one? Golf, auto racing, boxing, boxing. Oh gee, it looked like a fake fight to be a look fist. I want my money back. See, those of you who want to keep getting suckered in, it's like people that order stuff from infomercials on TV. Asked you to do it to effigate burn the first, you know, five times, 20 times, a hundred times. You ought to get the message that, hey, maybe when you see something that's being sold on TV, it's usually a bunch of crap. Have an eye-to-earth before? The overwhelming majority of times, you buy something on from TV. It's crap, right? For whatever reason, I don't know why TV is so powerful. You think they want to be under shell and good stuff. But when you're on it, the only thing that I think I might like, because I do like George Foreman. How do you like that for Boston Upstairio Types? A boxer and he's dark-complexed too. Those who think I'm some kind of a bigot. Although, thank God we got a white basketball player. Nice going, or Miami, Ohio, Hawaii, Hawaii. Too many diseases and seasoners name them, by the way. But seriously, I love George Foreman. And I wouldn't mind having me a lean mean grill in the sheen. In fact, every time that infomercial comes on, I cannot turn it off. Have you ever seen it? You've been George's seen it. And he hates boxing, but he likes George Foreman. I mean, when you're seeing him, you don't think that George Foreman is a boxer, because he's what? 85 years old. You think of a fun guy. He's just a funny guy. You know? If the lean mean grill in the sheen, baby, and you watch all that fat drip off, and all of the feels thinner. Just looking at George Foreman with that big fat head of his, you feel thinner. Just looking at him. And then that brought on there with the cross-dies, you know, the one that's on every info. Can you imagine the money that that bitch is making? You know what I'm talking about? That's always there with Ron Poupil. And I want to talk about fake. I love the way she always says, oh, and guess who we're lucky enough to have with us today, even though he's busy busy, he spent time with us at Ron Poupil. Oh, guess what? It's his infomercial. He's peddling the crap. Okay. I hate to break the news to you, audience. It's his, he's not too busy to do the information because he's honored to make the money. Oh, are we lucky to have Ron Poupil with us today? Selling you a 20 cents of plastic, really 82 easy payments of 39.95. I'm not the rest of your life. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Good evening. I don't mean to sound redundant, but you do sound terrific, even even even, uh, people watching. Yeah. So I just want to let you know. There's studio sucks. So for I'm sure I'll get used to it if they bring me in a hired chair. So I'm sitting with my chin up against the guy. Maybe that's why, maybe that's why, but I came in there. They said, to make keep your chin up, Neil. Well, that's what Bruce Franken and the ring of start don't get a band together anytime soon. Oh, what a thought that is. You know, they didn't even know, are there anybody in this audience had really believed that Ringo Star was a musician? Well, he had the Beatles. That was about it. But he didn't, he didn't have the Beatles. They had him. He was along for the ride. He didn't have, oh, in other words, the Beatles was his group. I noticed he wrote a lot of that music. Well, it's not. It wasn't for the Beatles. You would never even have heard of that. That's right. That's exactly right. But I want to tell you a whole question. Who's more popular? They're Kenneth Star or Ringo Star. And who's the better drummer? I think Kenneth Star. They're brothers. Are you? Yeah. They're joined at the hip. I thought Bruce Franken and some believe it would be put in the hall of the athletic. And they didn't even know it was not a singer. He's a croaker. He's a croaker. They didn't even put the E Street band in there. Just Bruce Franken because he was with the E Street band. And he put the lot of River Abandon there. Whatever the hell that was. The E Street band was little old River Band. They were more the E Street band was the actual band was more talented than he was. Right. And as far as the real spurcos, I got to tell you Neil, I would vote for professional wrestling before I would vote for boxing. Okay. Thank you, sir. We want your money, though. We want your money. We got another big one coming up. Lately I like Iron Mike back out again. God bless you. I am a spy at all times If you get too close, they're broken from the river Never touch the eye It's this thing, it's beautiful And if I don't mind You think I'll drink it when it comes Who's wearing a figure with a shadow? Yeah, I'm still my hand It touched my chest Who's wearing a blue-foot? The room my best became my mind And into my life Oh, how it makes me feel mine It's 16 Oh beautiful And it's mine It's our fourth question If anybody ever had a more It's the fourth of the boys and then Peter North It's 11.03 at 5.16. If you have so anyway, there's a big ringer star hit right Johnny Burnett Johnny Burnett, how much is dead huh? You think he's dead? That was the original it's 16 Oh ringer star, that was his song No wrong, sorry It's like twisting shot That was a Beatles song right? I easily brought this baby, they were great So anyway, I don't want to dwell on this But there's a stupid article in the paper Crackdown losing funding because Governor Boots Governor Boots has only don't need the eight and a half million Dollars from the cigar from the tobacco companies They're giving eight and a half million dollars to the state for these programs to crack down for more cops To crack down on teenagers smoking Oh, we don't need that money Whatever that means But I want you to listen to the logic in this last pair of references To Peter Mitchell, marketing director for the state's anti smoking program Driving up the number of citations given to underage smokers Could reinforce the message that smoking is cool That's why Mitchell, though the budget couple of seam and a front-to-is campaign agrees with Boots Governor Boots So in other words based on that logic Driving up the number of traffic citations given Would give the impression that speeding is cool So therefore let's stop writing the traffic tickets Ah, yeah I thought it was cool It is That's why I do it that's why I got two corvets baby Oh, it's picking a corvets So I had my red corvette my 98 I had a little problem, a little break thing Yeah, plus I had an old change a couple of other things Had it taken over to I dare mention my friend to my took it to At Morse I don't want to mention it more Chevrolet because if any other nice thing over the years All I do out my car's in the back road, but nevertheless So I get my car back yesterday I get in the car to come to work this morning And I look at the tire pressure What? It's not only our friends up at executive mobile Why is it that every player? Remember I brought in the manual at day and it said no matter what Anybody tells you if the pulp comes to your house And just put more than 30 pounds of pressure in each tire Tell them give them the buff on Google That's what it said Don't let it remember that very specific way I mean language I never heard in an instruction manual for a car before It said no way Jose I just barely leave the house So in other words, you know, the tires get hotter Obviously the pressure is higher a couple of pounds But I had just left so I'm checking him out 36, 37 Why? And as I am driving the work I'm thinking, well this doesn't drive the way this car is supposed to drive It feels like I'm bumper cars, you know? You know what I'm talking about? Look I'm driving one of those things up at the What are they collecting? You know, I'm up in Dignan Oh, car. Yeah, like that. Yeah, like one of those NAS cars That Joe is going to be talking about seri moron Joe Costellos and then he does like country music by the way You know, like I mean, yeah, you do like country music He says I love kiss Maybe that's why he had that hikki on his army yesterday Probably from a what's his name? What's the APD from kiss? Bob the K. Oh Bob the K. Oh George H. H. him like original personal for H. H. him. He said he's got a full and a whole building That covers a lot of kiddo stuff. He's got a real bad Airpiece do by the way Here's Kendall. Hello Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. Anyway, I'm a literature professor here at a college in Miami And I teach Flanagan real college. He's a writer. She deals with racism I try to push my students, you know, get them offended a little bit Maybe they'll think you're offended about one About everything about racism about like people white people whatever Anyway, that's a class. Do you have a friend there about white people? Yeah. Oh, sure. A lot to be offended of. I have a student comes after class and says You remind me of me, oh Roger Yeah. I didn't know it to be offended or shake his hand Refusely. Uh-huh. Can I call him a douchebag? Yeah. For all I change your name, you douchebag. Okay. Another fake call. Okay. We have an open line in the date one And grab it 560, 560, Tom 560 on the AT&T. Why must line? Another one here. People. A dark and plucked the spick. I don't know what he was. How to handle I know we said the retard. He's a professor A professor of literature. Have another good one. Okay. Another pop for us. Here's Tamara. Hello. Hey guys, a professor of math. He's a professor of assholeism right. You got that. Hey, can I have an alcoholic? As the holler. Can I make a couple comments on your rock and roll stuffy talk? Anything you like, sir. That's what this shows all about. We're sitting here waiting to hear the comments from all our Rocket scientists out there and professors of literature. If you don't talk to me, you're going to have to go to another call. Do you have any more? Yes, I do. Okay. Well, move on. Not many people know it, but dinner folks and didn't even play on He Beach Boys record. Are you serious? There was a drummer. Are you sure? I am sure. I'm sure. So you who was named this? What was his name? His name was Hal Blaine. He played on the records of the Beach Boys. Jan and Dean. Gary Lewis and the play boys. Johnny Rivers. The fifth dimension. Jesus. This guy is not in the rock and roll hall of fame. He didn't hit me. He hit me. He was like that. In other words, he was a stunt drummer. Exactly. He's probably played on three or four hundred hit records. This guy. And he is not in the rock. You know who else is not in the rock and roll hall of fame? Who is that sir? Billy Jolves in there. We've got all kinds of assholes in the rock. Bruce Springstain. That Crocker. No. Gene. Oh, my god. 24 hours to Tulsa. It hurts to be in love. My favorite bucket of all time as of this moment. It hurts to be in love by Jean Petton. What label did he record for? Black label. That's right. It was black. Want me to tell you? No, give me a hint. What was the first letter? Uh, and Mercury. Of course. No. Are you ready? Give me the second letter. You. Use the core. That's right. All right. All right. See you. See you. See you. See you. See you. See you. Okay. Let's talk about endless play a lot of a dental Kills and good time. Favorite drummers. Who is the better drummer? Jean Cooper or Ringo Star. Buddy, rich or Dennis Wilson. That's our full question. Bill. Fuck. Oh. Nobody can seem like sting. Certainly not to be stupid. Now he's losing on this new album, Stewart. Sting. Rocks and. You don't have to. You don't have to. You don't have to. You just. Listen. What? What do you like himself? Yes. You'll get great hits like King of Soup. Message in a bowl of soup. And don't stand so close to the astronomy. That's to a thing. So good. You want to listen to it with a fork. What? Yo. Oh, school. Yeah. I said I want to read you out was lucky Jimmy Stewart died. But he could have been the next Campbell soups. Folks, you know, remember that Luther Campbell chunky soup? Huh? He was in the soup heavy. And now he's in the soup. It's 11 14 at 5. 50 WQM. Do I sound a little bit different now? I feel like a little child on a height here. Because Joe Costello just came in here practicing for his big NASCAR show. He said, I bet you that's here. I'll let go zooming my up in the sky and sure enough. Reached on the lever down there and gave it a little crank. And look at that. Right up in the sky. I'm not a top of the world like Karen Carpenter. Look how she's doing. Huh? I feel like an idiot. I feel like I'm sitting at like an instant spend the animation here. Way up in the air. But it's better than sitting with my breast bone. Press it against the hard one. Hard piece of wood. Here's a mobile in for a lot of deal. Huh? Why? Who wants to do it? Okay. Thank you. Here's a mobile and that was a Bruce Springsteen call in. Mobile in Naples. Hello. Mobile in Naples. Okay. Nice talking to you. Okay. That opens up several lines like about 205. 505. 505. 60. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. You sure? Is it a mobile in Milan? What is it? Look at Florida or whatever it is. Go ahead. Hey, sir. If you're pissed, then something. The best drummer of all time. Oh yeah. Think of the best drummer in the world. Great. Thank you. See what I'm saying about this crowd? Who cares about the drummer? The drummer is relatively insignificant. Okay. Who gives a rat's answer about their freaking drummer? 560560. 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Mobile in for a lot of deal. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. You're insulting Gene Krupp of my comparing him to Ringo stuff. Sir, I'm sorry. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. It was just a little joke. Yeah, but it's a little bit of a record. Listen to sing. Sing. It's been a good one. I don't want to hear Benny Goodman. Okay. Yeah. I know the wrong answer. I'm not in for a good one. Okay. See you. Okay. That's what we got now. The old parts calling in. Great. Just what I wanted. 560560. Have another pop. There you go. I'm not a good man. Do you see him lately? 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. I'm serious, man. What? Why did I bother coming in here yesterday to commemorate the opening of our new studios here on the third floor where everything is all screwed up. Where the levels on the overhead are going like from non-existent yesterday to like worst whatever the hell they are today. From sitting here with now I'm in a heights here. Like a five year old of the goddamn heights here. And you know something talking to this audience. It fits in perfectly to its appropriate. So that's a level of the cause we've had so far yesterday in today. Here's the North Miami Beach. Hello. Hello. I'm Galeel. Yes sir. Pretty pissed. Dutch boy here. How are you? Okay. Driving noise on the outer road. Stupid police cop just stops me. That's a gun 15 miles too fast. 150 bucks ticket. That's a little bit of a morning gun 12. He's not 15. That's a 140 $8 for just 15 miles. You see that's I don't make the prices. And my dealership calls up to me this late. She's oh yeah. We're fixing time belt and you walk is about $5 or $50. $50. $50 from parts and 300 million dollars in labor. Yeah. Well let me give you three words to solve all these problems. Just pay it. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. On the end the words of the immortal Ralph Negro the tomato they used past the way in Pomp and O Park was there for many many years. Just pay it. Anybody remember that? That line? Here's a mobile and David. Hello. Oh, we saw a guy. He all get one. Okay. I forgot to listen to him this morning by the way. Anybody here in Erie at? No. Forget about that. Maybe this guy got a told us. If he wasn't doing this sit down comedy routine. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 5. 6. On the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. No. No more your people on here. I've been trying to tell you that for how many months now eight months. No more of your people. Please. We've already heard it put it on a record pal. Okay. And stick it. It's like a stuck record. So stick it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. About John Stamos for the Beach Boys. John. Stamos with the Beach Boys. He was their best drummer. Stamos was black. He played the drums with the Beach Boys. I think you're right. What about him? Okay. John Stamos. Okay. That he's right. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, Ella. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Do you know who the world's greatest, who's raised a number one world's greatest guitarist? Read it at home. What does that mean the world's greatest guitarist? There's a thing on AT&T at the other night about rock and roll and guitar. I think don't tell me you're a clap and please don't say that. No. No. That's what I'm going to say. It's Roy Clark. Oh boy. He can pick it. That's what I believe. I've got a nose like that. That's what the third nostrils. But I was amazed at that. I think it would be. First of all, how do you compare? It's like it's like the hundred best movies. I was talking about this last week. Or the hundred greatest recording artist. How do you compare? Well that list was pathetic. The movie or less. Right. That was completely clear. I'm right. Clark. That's what they're saying. Yeah. I don't know if I buy it or not. Okay. Well, I'm not buying it. Thank you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Bokha. Hello. This is Roy Clark. He's a nose picker. How you doing, Uncle Mill? Not too good. You're like, you're not doing good. No, I don't. I don't like the new studio. I don't like these last two shows yesterday and today. I hate these phone calls. I can't stand this place. But I've been mad. It's great. What is this studio? Kid. I know you have technical. No, it's not okay. I don't know how to build like two inches too high. Really? Yeah. Well, the choice is either sitting up here in the most uncomfortable. If you're looking at a little kid in the height chair or else putting it back down again to the other position, where it's a bang up against my chin and my breastbone. I'm just going to have to stretch it. I'm going to have to stretch it, right? Listen, I had to call. I just took the last call of a ticket. I got nailed this for you on 79th street. Right now from Neil, I owe the. Yeah. Like 42 right there at a 35. Yeah, well, slow down. Okay. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hi, Neil. Oh, yeah. Okay. Just go back from vacation. Just want to say you sound great. No, yeah. I'm yesterday. That's right. The 23 years I've been on the year and this time yesterday today, the two were shows of all time. Well, we're not even halfway done today. That's what we're done, but we're not halfway there. You sound great, babe. Yeah. And just want to say that. Jolt and Joe is left and gone away. Left and gone away. And none too soon. Absolutely. And was still just as ugly as death as he was letting was a teenager. Thank you. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and what is that? Orlando. Neil. Yes, sir. You are God. I got to tell you that. The reason I'm calling you is because I know you don't put up with media expertise. Are you ready for this? I'm going to put up with media equity. Look where I work. Well, you call with a no. You don't just let it go. And that's what I'm doing here with foxes. I need to show on Sunday, between the periods that put that pinball on, who doesn't even know how to pronounce the name of the player. They don't care about it because they're dumping it all anyway. This is their last year that getting rid of the ESPN is going to take it. And then they don't care. God, well, I'm glad to hear that because I was just going out of my F-in-mind. Which he's talking about Madano. Yeah. And all these players in just this pronounced end. Ridiculous. Thanks. You care. It's the later bite. 560, 560, pun. Yeah, I'm going to tell you one thing. I'm going to put the chair back down. I mean, that's just ridiculous. One moment please. How can I get it? Oh, I see. It's like a grand way. You have to hold it. You have to squeeze it. And the lever too. So now there's this little bit in there. You go have to a little bit better. I'm going to have to adjust the head of my chair. Nice going, Eric George. Of course, so that is not you. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing man? All right. I hear you talking about music. And one band that I didn't hear you talk about with Kiss. Why do you think that? Yeah, because we're talking about music. Are you been around for 26 years, man? Yeah, so is cancer. All right. Lepersie's been around a lot longer than that. Okay, so I take you to you don't like that. No, I do not. No. And when they should have been involved. I don't even like Kiss Radio or sister station because I don't like those pick a music. Oh, great. I'm okay. All right. All right. That would get that. Okay. Back to you. See here we go again. They're starting this. This is what we should have stayed on for the rest of the year. Oh yeah, we should have stayed on the music things. We're right to the year because they have no other material. That's all I know from. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, we've already exposed the fact that all high school and college rest was our fag and that golf is a real pussy sport that nobody, nobody who's a real man or even a real woman watches golf. The women at watch golf are bull likes to want to watch other bull likes play golf and that balls around. And the men at watch golf are just a lifeless prosthetic sand creatures. I have no idea what how did this crowd been watching other people play golf. Oh, there's a great nine hour and look at that. Well, or any else just made the shot of a lifetime. Look at that. Now they're all slipping up the fairway. Oh, brother. And here's a mobile and tempered pine. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I know you don't want to talk about music. It's kind of before it's fun. He was right. White Clark is one of the best guitars that's not the best guitar. I'm very happy for most in the American Grave. Oh, very, very, very classical rock and roll. He can play anything but three. The man is a big ambition. That is for Roy. Well, nice going. Roy. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Five six. We're almost at the end, baby. I thought that we were only about halfway done. We're pretty close to the end of this baby. Five six, 705, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and tempered pine. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Oh, not too good, sir. Another one. Great days. That's too bad. I just had to write up like a big, fat, tripled prune. It just dried up and died. Oh, I remember that. They're coming. American pie. The day the music died. This is a day Miami died. Well, I got you. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Go ahead. I got some interesting facts about Jean Pittney. Hmm. Yeah. I don't know if you know, but he initially was called Billy Blan. He wasn't Jean Pittney. When he first started out. Yeah. And also he was known as the Rocksville Rocket because he was from Rocksville, Connecticut. And I happened to be one of his distant cousins and I played in a high school band with him and played the trumpet. Now, it's now 1558. Did you live? Yes, he is. He is in my, he's alive and summers Connecticut. He owns a little beach beach that is open to the public. He lives a beach. Well, yeah, it's a very quiet beach. It's a small beach. It's a, it's a lake. It's a crystal lake. And he owns the beach right there and a little pavilion and they have the answers there. And, you know, I've been Connecticut. You don't have beach time too often. So it's like a seasonal thing. It goes from made up of timber and that's it. But I just thought you'd be interested in that. I enjoy your show and I live in Florida now and that means. I'm sure that's all of yours. Okay, well, thanks a lot, pal. Say hi to you. Give a big kiss for us. Okay, come at only hurts for a little while. Hey, Kennedy is up. Oh. Oh, we come in down with a little punty thing. Twenty-two. I'm right. I think how you reach out across the USA. What the corner, what's in this right here? The sky and valley who there's a bunch of squares again this year. Who says I wish to? Oh, God, there's a sea of fish. Unless there's a bunch of games. If you are, you'll want to be marching upon sin, Saturdays day. You can be above my bucket of stones. And that's okay, but you can't see a huge ship today. What the water have taken, Perrihan. Both eminence and spray. Have seen there with this pronouncement upon the blessed day. Sure, a little bit of heaven, pal. And nestled in the sea. What shall gone straight to hell for home of sexuality? Oh, God loves the A-wish. And listen for today. That was impenetraint the sight to begin the play. You can be a car, I'm not being done. God loves the A-wish. But you can't see a huge ship today. Oh, L-E-S-E-A-A. And expels lesbian. Choose an other women part of me with. From devil among him ever get a date with. Hell, E-A-A-A-A. And as we say, it's the shame that the days once a calm out and march with us. L-E-N-N. No way. But just that part of the water is short of such a straight. The foils like the tentacles and the days of the free. We won't allow L-E-S-E-A-N, the wedding of the green. And when we say up to your choice, I can... What do you mean? Oh, God loves the A-wish. As long as men are men. Perhaps the liver can't live never been short of them. You can be seen in drunk and harrel and chumps the lap of all away. But you can't see a huge ship, okay? No, just had to be a huge ship today. So I'm a 40 years in a business boy. I can grow as a number of suffering. My first radio injury. This should tell you about Greg Reed and the, uh, Beesley-Grid people, about their confidence. A bruised breast bone. That's what I got. From, uh, I, I, I, I, I lost food, son, good to me. Sounds like a major major loss of it. In fact, I'm having trouble breathing. I'll kind of problems from a bruised God damn breast bone. Because, why wouldn't they build as the same height as the one downstairs, which it was no problem with that at all? It was fine. It was just fine. I stuck up under the edge. Richard? Here's a mobile in the game. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. On the hell are you? Okay. Here's a man out of Toronto sometime in the neighborhood. You what? I'm heading out to Toronto. Yeah. You always talk about it. Do you want to visit? Yes. What do you recommend to do out there? What do you have to do out there? May they're cold? In March 16, of course it's cold. It's like 38 degrees for the height of day. And I'm not, I'm sorry, May. Oh, you may. May. Yes, sir. I won't be that bad. It'll be like it is up north in the May is what it'll be like. Like in the 50s. Maybe 60s. If you're lucky, 65, 62, 61 in the half. How's the nightlife out there? Great. A big, great, a fantastic. Great. Compared to here, spectacular. Now, I didn't have that life to day life. They after their own life to nightlife the morning life, the subway, the, uh, the, uh, you name it. Someone was telling me that they have a lot of a feeder out there and is this big as New York, but not as dirty as New York City. You right? Well, the city is no city is forming in people Toronto. Oh, okay. Yeah. And, uh, a lot of big shows up there. They have the pantages to be old, the theater up there. They got all kinds of stuff. You'll have it. So, it's a great route, which is the dollar in the Canadian money. Oh, it's fantastic. You've got a buck and a half wherever you're American dollar. You're going to buck and a half Canadian. It's a great value for Americans. Oh, I get that's what I'm adding for. All right. Have a great time. I'll be leaving right now. If I were you, you like have the loonies and the tunies. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Why don't you sign it? It's a real city unlike here. The real city with like a real visible downtown and a real identifiable place. Hey, hey, here it is. And we're like a part of this as opposed to here, like, you know, you know, these assholes that say, or the reason I like to live in here so much is the cultural mix. Like, like, first of all, there's anything so unusual about living in a big city that's not like all the same culturally, like there's something novel and unique about that. One of the reasons I can't stand this place is because the cultural mix is the wrong one. But the good news is, way to hear this. All these people that were psychotic about the Orioles, planning Cuba. Now, most of the people here haven't learned this yet. This is, keep this under cover. It's okay. Don't let the news out. But when the Orioles go down to Havana to play baseball down there against the Cuban National Team, they're taking about 80% of the Cubans from here in South Florida with them and they're bringing only one way to get. They're not going to back in. Yeah. I just thought, you know, don't spread the news because some people start getting panic, you know, and those Spanish language stays the van. They're starting to carry on. They're leaving and they're not coming back. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You know how, athletes retire at a certain age when they're just getting, you know, two old, they should do that for musicians. We saw our cross on Goat Gulf Stream. Bad. That isn't even a good word. They would be the most embarrassing or really formidable performance. Oh my god. You got to know when to hang it up. You can't be an idiot like Stan Musil and keep playing like two years, three years after you should hang it up. But the highlights for me with me singing where have you got him or how I'm at our least. Yeah. I'm going to the way. More ham it. More ham it. No. Is that the right Joe? You're right. It's that. It just doesn't fit right. Can't you just play now? By the way, I'm sorry that we're back in the music, but the best two. Tony Lewis don't hang up. I'm listening. I'm listening. You're a little bit like a bar time, Genesis. And yes, bar none. No. Genesis and... No. Yes. No. Thanks Neil. No. Okay. The best band of all time, you ain't even a conference. No. You're kidding me. I can't understand. What's wrong with the music. It must be this town. There wouldn't even be a debate about this. It's like a little bit of a thing. You think we're going to work for another? What? What? It's you. You're fucking dumb. Stan is fucking dumb. You told me you were going to do that up, e. Why wouldn't youognize that team because I wanna show up all the way to London spa, that's why. And in Yacht. Young, young. No. No, I don't think I got to talk. Yeh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, congratulations, Gennelide. I'm in the mood. God, anybody down to your own Smith is the best group all the time. Your taste is in your rectum, okay? It's way, way inside there. Like about where the Royce start growing, you know, before they pop out and get real dark purple. Oh, dark purple. We like them too. 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a Hobbsound. Hello. Hobbsound? Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I listened to the OF couple of days. I'm new to the area. I wonder if you can take it as well as you'd give it. Which means what, sir? You have got to do it. You're new to the area, but obviously you want to give me you want to analyze my show and tell me how to do it. So, all everything that's going on here, is that it? I want to tell you where the disgusting human is going to be. Don't worry. Are you listening to it? Because I wanted to see if my hearing was that bad. Well, maybe you've got a little bit of a problem, sir. Maybe, you know, your age at your advanced age, you got a little bit of a hearing problem. No, I'm not that bad. Well, why don't you find something useful to do between these hours of 10. I think this is very useful. You have a light. I think this call is about as useful as part of going to win the storm. Okay, sir. That's how useful it is. Which you're refined to? Yeah, far that's what we're doing. So, we're going to start getting the wind storm. You want to hear it again? There's another one for it. Okay. I'm out of here, you old prune. Just what we need is another old fossil coming down here. Who's got so much to do. This guy has such an active life down here now. That he's going to take time. It's very important and instructive. Sir, I've heard from a million punks like you old punks. You know, over the age of 85, old farts like you over the years. And I'm still here going strong. Okay. And long after they stick your ass in a ground and you're got to push it up dazeys and the worms are eaten in your flesh. You're rotting, discussing, putrid flesh. I'll still be here going strong. Recognize some very serious bugs day in and day out. Okay. Long after your history. After they stick you in a ground head first. I have no line. I have no penis. I can't even stay outside. They often arm off of my chippy feet. Some to move back and back and back and back. Well, I'm just a time and lie down. Eight thousand four that were living by hand. If I were alive, I would share. I can't stand this job being crazy, so. And I blow my nose to my underwear. Take it down, the opposite hand. It probably starts with feeling sad. It takes a lot of time. Well, I just do it. I take my shoe. And it keeps you to the wall. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to the bathroom. You're discussing your Bulgaria road test. Give a sickest piece of crap. Yeah. And what's the point? 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T. Probably plays golf this guy. Here's Fort Myers. Oh, yes sir. I used to listen to you last time you were here, which was what? Last time I was here, or you mean it for Myers? Yeah. Well, this place sucks over here. Fort Myers, you know, is. Yeah, exactly. Last guy that called, he should be over there on a west coast because he's too old even for here. You've got plenty old people here. You have been there. How long ago? How long? How long ago. Oh, my god. New of this place. Why do you have a man? In fact, the station over there, you know, the beefly station is said, well, why don't you come over here and make an appearance to some weekend and I said, No. Thank God. I mean, you know, we want to put you on a map. I want to ask with their audience or I said, no. Anyway, I remember when you were leaving the air, you kept saying, I'm fired in Fort Myers. I'm fired in Fort Myers. Yeah, that would be my career. I've never been the same since then. Thank God, I got back on. Anyway, that last song that you play by aerosmits, is that I'm the grip, get a grip, L.T. No, no, this is a live concert. It's the brand new album. This came out. It's called a little south of Sanity. Okay. The great album by the way. Anyway, on the hask, do you have the get a grip, L.T. Sure. I have every one of them. Okay. You know, I have the CD that has the nipples. Right. Okay. Of course. Someone told me that they made some of them without the nipples. No, mine has got big nipples on it. And then there's a cow that's got nipples on it. Two of these are steep toddlers I'm talking about. Right. Right. His nose around it. I want to ask you a question, where are the big nipple rings? In one picture. Yes. Why do you find that amusing? I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, the one picture that they were a lot of body jewelry, nipple rings and things, you know. Right, right, right. I want to ask you a question now. I'm originally from Michigan. I think you got a little rectum ring in one cheek too. I believe. Right. Well, I'm originally from Michigan. I was born in white pigeon Michigan. And I'm not going to white pigeon. I'm just going to say I think that means something to me. How where is that close to? It's right on the border. If you look at Michigan like a midnets on the opposite side of the thumb all the way down to the bottom. Oh, it's between the thumb and your. Right. And your rectum. Right. Well, anyway, I thought you had some radio experience on white pigeon. Maybe you don't want to do that. No, I never was on your white pigeon. I was on your insturgis. Sturgis. Sturgis Michigan. Marshall Michigan. That's why I was born. How old are you in Michigan? WALN. Right. Right. And I'm going to go to MRR. We're changing it on the ear anymore. I mentioned that now. Kellon. I then moved to the suburbion area. And I remember listening to Dick Pertn. Right. And I think you. I love Dick. Yeah. That's a. I'm not going to be a chronic or anything new. But if I can get through and stuff, I, you know, I'd like to. Well, we need some four Myers callers because we're dying over here, man. I think this this town is dead as a door nail. Well, I pretty sure. They're going to look good thing when they got it. I'm going to tell you that I'm hanging up and cigarette. That's not real. That's like the seven months I was off the year. You know, oh, gee, just I even knew times all of a sudden this cover they love me. Now, although seven months were hell. And the best thing that ever happened all last year with Neil coming back on the year. How do you like that? Although, through the way, it likes, well, snob's it new times, even. I tell you one thing that's good for this area. At least for me is this little arena they built with this minor league hockey team. Right. And then early hockey team over here too, called the Panthers. Anyway, Neil. Great talking to you. I'll have a great thing. You didn't get some of that dick on. I know you have that one dick cut with the bag. Oh, I'll work on dick. Okay. Dick, we have an open line of day two and a Howard four or three and I know what about they're all over the place. Five six seven, five sixty, five sixty and we had a woman call here today yet. So I'm self-opstanding woman callers show after that guy calls and bitches me out and cusses me out. It's just I'm the L. Anti-Colisto. Boy, you people, oh yeah, we did have a woman early, didn't we? I remember what tells she was talking about. Well, it's sent a lady in somewhere on there once, but it must have been such an unimportant call. It must have been pretty goddamn weak. Unlike these other great calls we've had today. Five six seven, five sixty, we got that Goldberg show. It's who it clocked us after the little. Hey, stop it. We got big bad bookshobbing. Six little clock and we got it. Kaplan, you can bet on a plunger brains out 10 o'clock tonight. But I see tomorrow. Hank and Boog are going to be at the Fort Laudernale Stadium. What is that for? Huh? That's good name. They're going to be. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. Oh, the Marlins at the Orioles, they're probably going to be Hank and Boog are going to be picketing out there against the Orioles trip to Cuba. Of course, I guess they have entered the rest of that story about how they're well. We don't want to keep repeating it too much. Here's Lake Worth. Hello. Lake Worth. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. You checked my hearing. I'm really old and I'm calling to find out if it still works. Yeah, how do you like that? The guy's got a weird, somebody stole his miracle here. Oh, my God. Yeah. Hey, if I wanted to listen again to see if I was hearing it right. Right, exactly. What? Now, you've been cred of for one thing. That's original excuse. Well, now you're an audiologist. You can check people's ears. There you go. You're breastbone. Yes? If it missed work, you can collect workments, com. How do you like that? I mean, I've never had a bad breastbone before. I've been old and falling apart. So I've had a bad just about everything else. But a bad breastbone? Two thirds of your paycheck stand homes, not that. Right. There you go. Okay. I've been listening since the day to day. This is my second time calling. Well, God bless you, sir. Thank you, sir. Get out of that place up there. Please, before it's too late. Well, I live up here and work in Fort Latterdale. So it's not that bad. Okay. Orner, degles, and you, too. Do you read doing well till you got to the last one? Have a great day. Oh, you, too. Woo, woo, woo. Love forner. Eagles are good. I love forner. I don't like having too many foreigners in town, but I do like forner. Okay. We got 600 open lines. Last call for phone calls today. We've had a rough two days here on a show. I'll be the first one to tell you that. I mean, a really brutal, rough, rugged two days. Which I, for the life of me, I can't figure it out. I can't figure this time. Maybe if I stayed on here here 50 years, I might start to begin to understand it. I don't think so. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Are there any women out there? Is there a woman who watches guiding light out there? Which is getting really ridiculous. This Danny and Michelle business. I mean, I love the way he grabs her around the neck. You know what I'm saying? And what he's really trying to say is, if I could have been on a show with the original Michelle who's a hot number, then maybe I wouldn't feel like strangling. If you're thinking about the fact that we're the only mafia family, how can you have only one mafia family in town? And it turns out they're Puerto Rican on top of it all, huh? Seriously. This is, this is the kind of crap that some of us watch. The soap operas, no matter how ridiculous it is, like those assholes that watch the days of our lives, which Stefano DeMira, he's a Russian Irish monster. Whatever that is, Stefano DeMira, with the Russia with a bad transylvania accent. Here's a mobile info letter there, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. Yeah, right. I can tell you really bored about everything. Yeah. Why do you need to talk to these people? Well, I get to listen to a while and clean and pools out here all day long. Yeah. What do you think about the almond brothers from there, like first three albums, up until they're double on them? I think once they got the out of certain number of drugs, I think that was much easier for that, no? That's what you share the heroin kick in. Right, that's right. What about Jeff Beck is a guitar player? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay. That goes right. Yeah, he's okay. Yeah. Jeff Beck was great, yeah. Okay. How about, okay. How about going back to London pool? Get that algae out of there. Sir, before it's too late. Open lines in date, Howard Palm Beach, Key West, West Coast Fort Myers, Naples, Venice, Venice, Venecia, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT. Oh, here's the lady in Naples. How do you like that for Jeff? How do you like that for Jeff? Hi, Neil. This is a lady. Yeah, this is a lady. It is, I just have a deep voice. Oh, I'm getting over cold. Okay. I believe you. I used to call you. I don't have to do a test. Oh, God. I used to be a flower girl over there. Anyway, do you like Steely Dan? Yeah. And you guys, up at me. And the answer was... That's my favorite Steely Dan record, drowning in a sea of pups. Oh, we got to get, see it right again. Oh, well. Yeah, okay. Nobody mentioned them so. And now you know why. I think, okay. 560, 7. Steely Dan, huh? I'd like to get that check. Whatever you got, sweetheart. I'd have somebody take a look at it. And you're throat too. 560, 560. We're going too fast with that number. Come on. Give it a little story. You might get a call or two here before between Naples or clock. All these years, all this wasted energy when I could have been talking to people that really would have, you know what I'm saying? Seriously, I could have been talking to an audience of people that really were into whatever I'm talking about. I really understood that really appreciated the really, you know, whether we're serious or humorous or disgusting or vulgar, whatever it was. You know, people that really, there was a young and a young and a, but this is, this is just talk about, that's good that we're talking about drummers. Because that's what I do five days a week here every goddamn week. Like, beading on a goddamn drum. Just banging and pounding on his phone. Yankemen on it. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Great. Never been better, sir. Excellent. I can't say I'm an old fart released on a young fart. Yeah. And I can hear you just fine and I love you, show. Yeah. Tell that old guy, if he calls back with me, I don't think he can dial a phone without some assistance. He just can go back to Canada if he wants to because I'm sure they're not full. Okay. Thanks. Whatever you said. Okay. Five, six, seven. You got those numbers so far. Five, here's the way it works. You pick up that instrument, you know, with little buttons on it. Five, six, seven. Zero, five, 60. Maybe they don't get the, All right. Maybe I should be saying zero. Okay. I know some of the other shows there's a zero, five, 60. That's our pull question today, by the way. When I answer for your credit card number, do you say in zero or oh, huh? Zero or oh, huh? That's a good question. That's a kill about 30 seconds. That's good. That would be the kind of thing I would talk to San The promotion man. And by the way, tell these people is your job. I don't want to start getting pushy, but just because we have it all the other third for now. That doesn't mean we want to see them in here a lot. Do you want to say? See, I'm not into that. I know that they're very big at a schmoozing and, you know, and talk about all the boardops and the producers and the boyfriends on that morning show. But that we're having that on this show. We like being anti-social. We're here to do a job. I know that that may come especially on today. It's a shock to you that we're doing any kind of a show. And I'm not even sure myself. But that's what we're here to do. We're not here to schmooze and do, you know, I mean, George is here to schmooze when Shannon shows up, but, you know, She's in our show. Four minutes before noon, it's five, 60. You don't know about our intern that George hired by the way, huh? Why? What a knockout she had. Now she's a victor. What is she? Is she a citizen? No, how can he have a niece? I apologize, Victor. I forgot your name. I did forget his name when he came back that day. You wanted a lot because you got old and ugly. Neon God. You've done all of this. You've been calling me when you've been hurt. You've been hurt. You've been on too many times. My face. My face. The girl who go head back. She forgot to get through. Here's your poem. You want my den's gold, they're not the fool of you. Yeah, why don't you do that, Mr. Mayor? Okay, go ahead. Your poem is called, the ladies of hearty poem. We know all of that. Thank you. My face is indigene. My other sheep blown up to my chin. To ling along and my scooter with all of my bros. Trying to ignore the bug. You're not my nose. My cheek is really big tension. My rubbing my head. But I'm wearing my helmet. So I wish he'd rub my shoulders and stand. I've been riding nine hours. And that may sound dumb. My fingers are print. My two sheep's numb. The sun is hot. To wind and rub his me raw. My lady is freezing. The studs are for bra. Even though it's chilly, she's not wearing many clothes. Last time she wore this outfit. She still a couple of clothes. Now she wants to get a case with me. Even though her implants are in the process of she's... My dear old lady. I love me just to make you art. But I first saw you dancing. And I could walk. You told me you were a student who liked to reach Shakespeare in shock. So I offered you a chance to go ride on my heart. We've been together now to the strange in the weird. And I still love your tattoo. And I still hit your beard. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. There are two or three or five, 60 WKM. The down ain't good to make it. I don't think. They're stuck on an ass deck because they don't want to show us what to do. And that was on CNN. Let's get over to CNBC where they never heard of. That was only up some points. We were over 10,000 briefly about 9.45 this morning. And then we're thrown. And then we're picking up Maria Bartiroma on the floor. Then you work stock exchange. And tossing her around like a goddamn Barbie doll. And then they said, wait a minute. Oh, I want to check down again. Sorry. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Listen. I heard something the other day that really cracked. Yeah. We were talking about a stadium or only sports arena. I'm not that famous sports fan in Broward County. They said that 86 families in Broward County are moving in daily. And they asked the question, where are they all coming from? Can you answer that question? What does that have to do with the sports arena? What was that? They were trying to sell out tickets. They were making a point that tickets were going quick. Yeah. Okay. So, do you know where any families are coming from? Are they floating over? Where they coming from? Uranus. Open line and date one and draw. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 at a mobile and on TV. Who would have read the article? Sir had somebody read it to you. It totally where they were coming from. They're coming from Peru. They're coming from Argentina. They're coming from all over the place. They're out of this world. Maybe they're just moving in from the saw grass. They like it so much out there. They decided to leave the tour bus behind and just move right in. Here's a mobile and palm beach. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Yeah, you sent a lot better. I'm up there. Really? Yes. Now that you just get the colors to sound better and you know, get a show goal in here and get my Breastbone screen now. It's much clearer. Is it really? It's much clearer? Yes. Why would it be clearer? Whatever reason it sounds better on my mobile. How do you like that? So on the other, what's I'm Simon grid, just the audience sucks. Pretty much. Yes. Same as usual, yeah. Well, I just call to actually mention something. I heard you the other day somebody called in and I mentioned rainbow is being a good band. Yeah. There's only one problem with that. They're two separate bands. The second, because they had second lead singer and he was horrible. Yeah. The first guy, they were more like depurble and stuff like that. I don't know that. Yeah. I'm not sure the second one. The first singer was Ronnie James Dio. And the band Dio. He was much better than the second guy. Yeah. So if you're ever in the storage check him out. Okay. Okay. Thanks for the bad news. Okay. Open line is all over the place. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. There's stuck on his music thing. One note Charlie's. That's all they got. Oh, my God. I think that was a piece. Thank you. That's why I like therapists. Because I got happy to see. He's got a lot of fun on his own. He's so cool. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. Yeah. Just, you know, everything else you like is crap. Now, in John's craft, no. The leader Beatles are crap. No. Beatboys are crap. Beatboys are crap. No. So what are you talking about? All that other stuff you don't like. Why? Because you don't like the back street voice. Oh, Luis Miguel is crap. Oh, he's alright for Lounge Act. Yeah, Lounge Act. No. What's the point? Why do we waste our time? Why are you wasting my time going through this again? I don't care what you think about my taste in music. I know I have spectacular taste in virtually everything. Okay. I don't want to grieve with you. What about what? About your taste in music. No. Of course not. That's why they're here. Which is what I said before. I don't belong here. I belong in a real place with people with some taste. Just like most of these people. They admit freely. They like vanilla ice cream. Okay. Well, there you go. That's your crowd. That's your crowd. Made a clon, made a clon, made a clon. That's your crowd. They like horse meat. What do you say that? Because that's what they eat. Horse meat. 560505060. 560 on a mobile one line. Taste in their tuckas. Here's Miami. Hello. He got right. He was up. How you doing sir? Yeah. We follow me. We horse meat follow me. Uh-huh. We. You. You. You're going to. Yeah. Okay. Right. See what I'm saying. He's going back. He's going to be on the bus with the Baltimore Royals. Huh? Well, it might be a little bit on the water recide on a way that 90 miles across Dougie over there and it buss. It'll be a fleet of buses. They're going to get you in a fleet animal to everybody on a bus. He'll be on it. Time is up pal. You've had it. There you go. We're giving you 30 years to get with the program and you refuse to do it. You're going back. See what the fiddell does with you sweetheart. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Hey. How you doing? I'm going to go. Great. All right. I just moved down to Ford Waterdale and I got my new number and it's one number off from you guys. And I'm getting a lot of old lady calling me up and. Oh. Great. It's just one number off. Keep your busy all day. It's good. Okay. Get a new phone. Two while you're at it. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. On the mobile one line. Boy, let's see. 9 minutes after noon. 5. 9 minutes after noon. 8. 10 minutes after noon. 8. 9. 8. 9. 8. 9. 6. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 6. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 7. 9. 8. 7. 8. 7. 8. 7. 9. 8. 9. 7. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. Bobby, Ventressa, drop down to a stormy man's railway On the other day, and not to mention Joey, never known Jones is if better than Chuck Jones Well, well, well, oh, I thank you Jacky Robinson, take the way for holding you the bro Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo Well, 14 at 560 WQM Hankled here at 2 o'clock, Nundu, soon by the way 6 o'clock, we got the fat one, Bootsombie, and 10 o'clock, we got him, captain As always, just keep going around and around So our pull question, golf or, uh, croquet Oh, what the other one's auto racing, boxing and wrestling, all the same category So we got the total waste of time Jogg rejects lawsuit against God, Syracuse New York A Pennsylvania man's lawsuit naming God as a defendant Has been thrown out by a court in Syracuse God, then it Donald Drusky, 63 of East McKee's poor Pennsylvania Lames God for failing to bring him justice in a 30 year Battle against his former employer, the steel maker now called USX, formerly called USD, like part of 1968 Defended God as the sovereign ruler of the universe of his church and his nation for their extremely serious wrongs, which ruined the life of Donald S. Drusky lawsuit set Drusky won a god to return his youth and grant him the guitar playing Skills of Famous Guitarists, probably like Eric Clapham, along with Resurrecting his mother and his pet pigeon If God failed to appear in court, federal rules of civil procedure Says he must lose by default Drusky argued US District Judge Norman Moore do, last week found the suit Which also named former president of Toronto Regan and George Bush The TV network saw 50 states every single American, all federal judges And the hundreds, 100 and 50 congresses defendants to be frivolous How do you like that? God damn it, yeah, he should have won Let's so God, okay, he's the one that invented all his crap All these diseases, all those white spiders we talked about yesterday But you can't say that in America because you have to say a lot of things that you really don't believe for public consumption It's just the American effin way, you got to say a whole bunch of bull crap Goody two shoes horse crap, then everybody knows you don't believe because they don't believe it either Here's a crawl spring, hello Hey Neil, hi Neil Yes sir, yeah, that guy should know something there is no God Yeah, any case I broke up some of my god, yeah, old arrows from the albums 1974, they moved song and dance How could anyone argue with us? I don't know how anybody can argue with me about it I'll submit their phenomenal in Jordan See if I like it, you're just to be a contrary prick rhymes with spick He don't like it, no matter what it is You're going to go up to eighties to see these There's a song they had, the big ten inches something like that What album is that on? You're asking me like, I remember which album it was on Where's somebody on the phone? Yeah Okay, see you Same old song and dance Oh, this really is even if you don't usually like live albums The innuerosmith is great It's got everything on it You like the old stuff, it's got the two-demotion Three-mile Crazy Walk this way, don't walk that way Oh, look at the grass Keep the wheel Oh, I love it, I just love it And I'm not like I got a sit Yeah, when you know something is great, the idea that there are people who want you to sit like You know, you're trying to convince them that it's great Hey, like it's much fish food If you don't like it, great eat that talking about garbage That watery soil that you like, that you think is ice cream It's watery Even there in a goddamn saw grass You know, as much of a sugar-holic as I am As much as addicted as I am to candy and ice cream Anything we would refine to with sugar in it Never other than the years ago when they first built the saw grass I'll admit having a couple of trips to that hog and does I scream when you put it in the microwave like you do with it in a jury And you put it in there for a few seconds And it starts melting down It's like a watery consistency, that's not ice cream More like ice milk, you know what I'm saying? Grand Here's a mobile and candle, hello Hello Yes sir Yeah, Neil Yes How are you doing? This is Bobby at a late class at first time, long time Yes sir I heard y'all were talking about famous drummers back in the days I hate to do this thing How do you deal with it? In the 70s How do you do it? At a European drummer You have some rektum Remember him? Who? Have some rektum You have some rektum Yes And And also I'd like to Okay 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line That was Bobby up at Lyse Here's a mobile and curl spring Hello Neil Yes sir How are you? Okay I've been living in coral springs since about 75 retired Navy vet And on behalf of the elderly retired people I'd just like to say that you love you very much Uh-huh And also I enjoy this simple and simple thing Everyone wants it a while Yeah Have a good day Okay, and have a good day Okay, and I'm talking to you And you're very pedantic, for anyway Thank you On behalf of the old people I would have sounded like Michael Vain who's dead by the way This is Mike Levine Anybody remember Mike Levine? No No She has one thing about I noticed that the audience has got collective Alzheimer's No matter what it is that I bring up Nobody remembers it Even if it's like a couple of weeks ago They still don't remember it Collective Alzheimer's It must be in the water Speaking of the water by the way That's a miscarriage news for you Legionnaires disease kills nine in the Netherlands Oh Nine people have died in the epidemic of Legionnaires The disease in the Netherlands And doctors think more than 40 others Been treated in the hospital have been infected All the victims were among thousands of visitors To a flower show in northern Dutch town last month And they have caught the potentially fatal disease From water fountain's experts said The disease derives from bacteria in water So all I would suggest to you If you're going to do one of those people going to Amsterdam Since everybody seems to be obsessed now Since I like it so much over there I would like Spitted out Yeah, there you go Just to be on the safe side Big ten inches on toys in the attic Oh, that's right there you go And the water too 560, 50560, pound 560 on the mobile one line I'll see I mean I don't want to hear if I hear one more name of the drummer Okay, I don't care about drummers I'm not interested in drummers It's boring I'd rather say you're going Mollinwood like that I'd rather hear about golf And I'd rather be dead than hear about golf The humor about drummers See those are the people I was talking about last week They can name you the drummer They're guitar player They can name you the guy in the backstage The stage manager They can name you the guy that used to do the You know the costume changes That choreographer The the usher red Everybody they got and who cares I understand Jean Crupard was better drummer than buddy rich Better golfer What did you just say I wanted to say golfer Jean Crupard was a better golfer Then buddy rich Let's word as you say Here's a mobile and a gable Silla Hello Neil Yes I don't know I have no idea This is a strange crowd He's last two days I was wondering if it's this room or if it's just this town I don't know the desire Did you get a chance to get that No I'm out in John and ducking The university springfield Did he start crying He starts Gordon a few again Like a diver such a funeral No but he said he has the best female The white female rocker ever I think that's what he said The white female rocker at the best voice ever He is a child growing up He had her picture up on the wall Is this your title That's why he had her picture up on the wall He could relate to I don't mean I just got up every morning He said can't have a smile He'll picture picture on the wall Who's the one who's the one He was a bunch of the Oh my long shot I was wondering Last night I don't know if you saw it But I'm the E-network There were profiles No McKenzie Phillips McKenzie Calle McKenzie Calle No McKenzie Phillips I know I have no idea She was such a wild kid Yeah Well I mean from American graffiti I mean she really went through a roller coaster With all the shooting up cooking And with what's that guy's name on one day at a time The guy's name on the nighter The Schneider Schneider Yeah it was not his name The superintendent He was back from the old guy From the Steve Allen show What's that this is name that played Schneider Oh geez Terrence and Patrick though Can't hear anything right There you go Boy, we're trying to go When I saw George I hear it Watch that finger And I'm sure we're getting getting it on And the better one Oh my man, you watched that show One day at a time No, I was watching her profile Which is pretty interesting Nobody did you just got to Saying the guy from one day at a time How would you know that unless you watch that Yeah Yeah I grew up in a lot Oh God I threw up when I saw it Okay thanks for the good news sir 5605050 Pound 560 on a mobile one line So who is the better golfer McKenzie Phillips Or Scott McKenzie Here's Holly Wood Hello Hello Yes sir Hey I just want to talk a little bit of hockey here Because Canada's trying to make a move People don't know nothing about hockey I asked the people I knew about my story So the thing in the bill in the mail for the playoff tickets Are they going to make the plus? I mean I won't call They don't know nothing They don't care All they know about is who was beaten the drum Who's playing at the time time That's all I know You know what it is Jesus Christ I'm just no wonder I have such a tough time in his town Talk about narrowing scope Well I was lucky enough to be up The maple of gardens of a Christmas If we were to close it down Yes I was an experienced Italian It was fantastic right Right And you know I come down here Everybody you know I listen to you I'm just because there's no other good radio stations in Florida Yeah Everybody says oh you got to change Allegiance is you got to be a panther shane Of course not That's ridiculous I like try but I listen to Jeff Remer and Danny Pauvin On sunshine I just want to because it's just horrible It's horrible Everybody that likes hockey But it doesn't like hockey How can you listen to these guys? How about christina more on this station That's why River sounds over it on TV Compared to christina more Well I don't know It's really tough I can understand why people don't get into hockey Because not hockey town People don't seem to care And the people that do care Or stupid And they don't know nothing about it They don't know anything about it What do they know? They know who the drummer was For some group that don't even exist anymore 30 years ago That's what they know here And then they're going to crash They're mind driven to crapper Anything important like hockey They know nothing about it They know golf That's what they know Go what though you keep asking on whiny And I think it's six to two But first time I saw you as on whiny You're sitting out there with your little trauma Make the leaves hat or whatever that dino Whatever that could is Right So you got to thank him for something To the permeability Okay That's it And go leave school And put your up leaves Please soon Okay We have a look at two lines left on a guy damn bored Oh this is these two days I'm telling you actually to call it and Check out my kidney straight now I wouldn't be surprised if I wind up with kidney failure From that damn HCT that blood pressure stuff That doctor passed school in the hospital She got 45 different doctors now And none of them are like involved It's like okay well doctor Do little that one Yeah I got him too Should be taken blood test Don't you think see if my electrolytes are in balance See if my kidneys are still in good shape Pull me on a very powerful blood pressure drug Change it on me And that's it Not good luck to you That's the advice you hear from these guys 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pon 5, 60 On the cool and heartless mobile one line Yeah What was that Oh that's the website rejoined Why? Floridian's dumb-add's dirty Helping him All the wise he's loved before From they just went to the top He wants to take his life All baby ends the way John knows what his kid has in store Who all the boys from never met You're finally safe from him Love has There's no more parents with Played with Megadir And when you pee He sits Not bad Profit 1 at 5, 60, WKOM By the way, last day you see date line You see the piece on the kids going door to door Selling candy Which I've talked about many times See the problem is again Where I'm out of step And I'm very proud to see that a lot of step I don't go for that crap Auto open and by door to strangers I don't want P.I. don't care who is bringing them around And I don't care what they are What complexion What anything Stay the hell away Kids selling candy door to door Allegedly for charities Allegedly for kids And it's just another guy named Scam And yes, years ago I was cornered Into buying one of those boxes of crappy candy And guess what? Very expensive too by the way Like six bucks a box You open it up and there's about eight pieces of the lowest crap The lowest grade I mean even my dogs would need that crap That's how bad that candy is And they're going door to door And unfortunately some of my neighbors Support and some of that I've got that kind of nonsense Because they buy stuff from these kids Nice going neighbors Thank you Encouraging them to come back and invade the neighborhood again And again and again 560560 Pomp 5 Just like when those carolers came up on the lawn I thought it was like an invasion from outer space or something I'm watching my security monitor there And here comes 50,000 little kids With about four adults bringing them up there And they're not going to do our Christmas time To carol me at the door Did I answer the door? No It's kind of nothing to do with Scrooge First of all I don't celebrate Christmas number one Number two if I want Christmas carols icing Am I right? I have to leave Tyler come by and sing him Scrooge Right Here's a mobile and cruel spring Hello Hey Neil, how are you? Okay sir Let me tell you how to set up a box I am Yeah Back in June of 1997 I was stupid enough to pay $450 And go to the taste and the whole he feel five Yeah What a schmuck Only to find myself in the middle of the bunch of wine green suits riding Get the casino clothes As well I've never watched finding a good after that No, so this started and I haven't watched it Now I'm really done I know whatever pays How much does it take for the suckers to get the message? I don't know how everybody's belly can a ball That's a bad answer I can't tell you what it's like I don't know what to do I don't know what to do if look at Don King and if he's involved You just look at him Forget about anything else about him Okay, forget about all the alleged crimes and convicted ones Just look at him and that tells you right off the bat's scam All right, that's all you need to know Damn The high line of that night going for Tyson Holy Soap fight Was walked by Al Pacino and Ravensaw That was about the high line of that night Yeah And then trying to get out of there $450 is not bad I guess Yeah Imagine a bunch of guys who are great I'll do it for a minute What's that? I say don't do it again 560, 560, pound 560 animal land I have 450, I might even lay back Here's Miami, hello Hi, New York Yes sir I think that the what you had from Toronto That rash, yes Yeah I think that's dust might That's right That's why I think you might hear it You go see an allegious Dust might That's dust might That might like that And make a circle If I go line to cross the back Here's the body The lake or whatever Did you want? I go line that you have run the body You have a little bite like a line Yeah But there's another one that's like a big scratch Right, there's big scratches Right, that's my Dust might Yes sir Scratch like that Yeah I know that the cleanest sheets up there I thought it was I thought it was I thought it was That's what it was You might have to go see your out Just See him for one You might have to do one of those Can you Do a bit of a draw healing up Yeah, I'll go away now Yeah Yeah, you can have to take hotels Or maybe just so But what do I need to see an Allangest for? Oh, just make sure you don't have it Okay Okay, whatever What the game but no one he just said No, no Probably an allangest 567 Yeah, how many doctors can you go see? I'd like, you know, Dr. Mark, Dr. Doolittle He should come up here and take my blood again Like he did that one time This week Seriously He should come up here If he has any concern Any empathy whatsoever For the semester I'm in Take some blood See how the kidney functions are going The electrolytes with this Change of blood pressure Which he didn't do that Of course he was the one that told me to get off the Adelaide all together Remember that thing my blood sugar went skyrocketing up Zooming up Zooming up John Boothie was doing a play by play on it On my blood pressure And think I brought that pill in that day I would have had a rush home I'd probably be a morpso right now Yeah, just come on in with the with the big needle Okay, and maybe take my blood too And let's check all of these things out All of these things and once and for all Cause actually in every other respect I'm coming along pretty good Except my kidneys are given out And my breast bone is a thanks to this place yesterday Unbelievable Only my accident I'm sitting here like Hunched over this thing again today And I realized that this wooden thing Is hitting my breast bone just where it's sore From sitting here for hours yesterday Nice going Greg and the Carpenters 560 5050 5060 pound five 60 on a mobile one line Bush league baby bush league Here's Boca hello Hey you how you doing Okay I called last week I started to complain about your faith And you can burn it me over Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah That was tough I don't I don't even tell you right now I'm the bit you're holly I don't miss your show for nothing I'm telling you I'm just want to say to all of them guys out there Can't stand your bitch and bug off Ron and John bug off Okay Ron and Ron bug off 560 560 560 Pond 560 animal mobile line If you will quickly we have about 123 open lines Wait nine in four mires and Naples and forward pears and Viral Beach in Jupiter Uranus Waterhill, Kendall coconut grow coconut creek, coral geobals, coral springs, plantation plantation acres, sunrise, tamarack, western How's Kim Western do it by the way? Where's seen her lately? No, I love Kim Western Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hey you, yes sir Never would've guessed that last guy was from Boca Uh-huh Hey, did you happen to read the scum set? No this morning? Yes Did you see that about the homeless guy that was a hustle and money in a wheelchair? No Is that on the front page? The cops were coming after him He jumped out of his wheelchair and ran Betterware and hungry please help That looks like buddy nevin Yeah That looks just like buddy nevin Now what was that? What did he just hang up for? What was the point of that? I guess he was done He was done before I punched it up 560, 50560, palm 560 on the mobile one line We got about 400 open lines today Women, they're not talking They're out there busy watching the ladies golf That's what they're doing Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hello Yes sir Let me tell you that the law suit against the city of Miami was settled It was not ever published in the paper to my knowledge What law suit are you talking about? I'm talking about the ACOU, the pardon suitcase The one? The pardon suitcase I have no idea what you're talking about What would you say? What would you say? What would you call out of the blue and say the lawsuit was settled? If you find out what you're talking about I figured that you would know because you occasionally do say something about the harmless Yeah Okay, and I'm harmless Yeah And I figured that you might be interested in I thought you might have a little interest in it Yeah Okay Let me read to you Don't read to me please Okay, I won't read to you Let me just go Okay If it goes back with Judge Jack and to recently died Okay I'm listening but you're not saying anything sir Okay, what? What I'm not saying anything about? I can make anything but trap a liver out of I don't know what you're talking about What goes back to Judge Jack and what did he do? What it be? The city of Miami Yes Was harassing the homicide Great Okay And it took five or almost eight years To settle this lawsuit Where they destroyed people's property Where they arrested people for doing nothing And it was never published in the paper Exactly how much these people got Well, who are what people got to people from the lawsuit? Yes The people are father of the lawsuit and the people And everybody is supposed to get 15 hundred out Yeah From the city of Miami Right Photos up to that of a lot of river river right Yeah I'm sure it is but at least the city of Miami knows That the ACLU was taking the court when they harassed the homeless people Yeah Okay, I was living over on walks and I when it's one eye And nobody Nobody harassed us until the end When they told us police We had all our property over there and it was destroyed And let me ask you why are you homeless? Why am I homeless? Yeah Because I can't find a job That's going to pay anything Yeah I don't speak Spanish Yeah Okay, I'm American And I have been looking for a job I can't work for five hours an hour You can't work for five dollars an hour If you work for five dollars an hour you wouldn't be homeless That's fine I guess I would You still be homeless Yes, I would I would If I could work How much would you like? We got about 15.95 an hour to start How about 40 bucks an hour? 70.80 grand a year Yeah I would like at least 20,000 20,000 Okay, well listen, I'll put you on hold and read your heart Gotta be better than the thing America loves to watch boobs and butts and bointing Oh, I won't stop fighting And earn it so I won't be late For the meeting at work with my boss But now I'm in the kitchen feeling so I wait Because there's something that I love When I was in the shower I was so far ahead I had some time for sparing the day But now I'm late for work I bet the boss is mad Oh, got on your neck on me And that's the only couch I was in my sense In the little thoughts But I can't find my coaxies In the little fish I'll be in the trash I've been down in your own dress But I can't find my coaxies I'll check me out if they never know Where those keys might go They just might drop green and fly Think I look inside the cookie jar And I'm in the trash I can't find my coaxies They've been in I've been in the dream When we were up in town Wait a second I can smell those I can smell those I can smell them In my head Oh God, that's a lot I can't find my coaxies 14,560 W.2A By the way, that's our poor question Who's the drummer for the Bastard Boys? Open line of day 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile in Kendall Hello Yes sir Thinking of money Yesterday, since you had a You told fun that was doing pretty good Yeah Is that a fright of the set? I've got several other doing good Mutual funds My stock sucks Yeah, well My mutual funds aren't doing so good Really? Well, the one I was talking about is the DRIFUS appreciation fund That's done great for me Appreciation fund Right Okay All right Anything else? Then if you're looking for investment advice You came to the wrong guy man If I tell you run in the other direction Ah Every next year, if I have the minus touch in reverse No matter what I touch, it turns to instant crap Well If you do it so much better, it works the mind Okay, DRIFUS appreciation You won't lose a dime, okay Got it Okay, that's one I got a few of this Like that Solomon Smith Barney Though those are okay, toy There's there are stuff sucks 560, 560, 560 I mean here the doubt I mean it is down a few points Now it's not going to make 10,000 again Today like a DRIFUS appreciation Never lose a token Way up there around the 10,000 level And I'm a guy that's got all this crap You know, caterpillar Just the name caterpillar Should tell you about off the bat You know, creepy, you know Ugh Crackers, farmers, you know, who don't want to get involved in all of that? All those commodity prices are in the FOOTFRAPPER Who knows buying tractors when they can't sell their crap? Hilton hotels And like I said, you buy these newsletters From people that pretend that they know something Even the really expensive ones, the value line Value line select Oh yeah And you know something If you just put the money away that you're paying for all these services You could have a nice little nest egg there in a bag 750 year, a box of year for value line select First stock I buy from that thing Six down at buck Since I bought it See an F trucking rhymes with it Get yourself a good screwing Something like that Yeah, take your C&F and Yeah Oh, it's all a bunch of bulk crap It's like everything else It's like the guys that come on television That's bigger that tells you you're going to get rich I'm going to show you the real estate You know what I'm talking about? I can't think of his name Do you want what the laser? Yeah Oh god What a pile of crap And then there's the old guy with the real estate too All bulk crap Those people really had all the secrets that they're only reason that they're making It's not a money because suckers like us are sending in buying their bulk crap Here's Miami. Hello Neil Yes sir I'm going to have weeks ago I told you there was a huge door to spend By spending too much more It was a great singer Everybody's still laughing at you Absolutely I like to react Wrong I like to react And the statement too What do you want to be attracted Why would you send the first one? Well, if you really think about it If you give a lot of this musical equipment To win Jim Morrison was alive A lot of these singers nowadays They have all this equipment at hand To their voices really you just don't know really what they sound like yeah and I never of course I've never had the privilege of watching what the emotion with and how well listen to your voice and why obviously a lot of these those ones I think that's my idea is to invite them oh by the way I didn't know the funny thing that you're playing that song yeah as uh don't himly uh is uh things back up in that song I didn't know that amazing yes I don't himly yes absolutely it I uh I didn't know that and are you sure I am a funerable are you sure I am sure I am if I'm wrong you can do whatever but uh I'm I'm a funerable for the researcher okay I'll look at the you line and no in any case today is the uh if you have some rock bands being inducted into the whole theme one of them being dusty springfield and I was yesterday I was yesterday okay well uh what's his name and uh jammers is that that was a little loud hit yeah El El Johnson that does the springfield is the best white singer ever in the history of whatever uh best white singer why best white steamwisoner I think he said white singer yeah somebody before said uh best steam Wilson no he said white he said white white singer just white he ever had white German broad nobody believe that I don't understand what you would make a steam like that but that was his opinion white singer I will white white you have to go to white singer I mean come on because there are too many good white singers among who among the human race among singers Jim Morrison's Steve Todd or Elton John does these springfield anymore not that I can I never thanks there you go oh I don't least somebody else and Reke he's he's his fan he's not white strong oh yeah I forgot I'd explain that I'd try to explain that through the million times Lucy Lucy okay let's go to a Miami Beach pillow okay hey listen his fan it gets your ethnicity white is your race right yes so Reke is not white yeah well what he does he black he's got a little black in him yeah I'd say so don't worry I'm right listen I got a German right to specifically about what's wrong with this town with the old people and here on my knee beach with oh the ultra orthodox people oh yeah you have seen him yes I'd number one we should go I go to the movie with my girlfriend over and happen sure at that new multi-plex they have right in sitting right shocked your half an hour early with the only ones in the place oh a couple crumbs and sits down right next to us there's a thousand seats I'm talking arm and arm right next to us you know I'm looking for a little maybe they said they closed that swingers why I don't want to relax you okay they weren't gonna get it with us they weren't they weren't good enough but we look at each other we laugh we're like you know who these weirdos move over seats the next couple comes in and old man is wife and guess what they want to sit down on the other side and it's the old ones the white ones you sit on the end the places empty and you got to everyone sit on the end of the road well now I know but then that way you don't have anybody on the right and then that way when some assholes come and sit next to you who are old and I really want to screw around with them then you move to another year well she goes to sit out and I say wait wait can you please please move over it that's like those couple stations I was talking about that one day right yeah and okay and the second thing is we we have some other words we're a friend who's orthodox Jewish okay it's started and we had a death in the family and people bring over a basket of you know this is that whatever and she goes and she I guess she's forced by Jewish law to only um five oh but orthodox Jews yeah and she brings over a basket of all orthodox stuff and it was fat meal in the worst crap in the world anybody who dresses like that you think they got good taste I mean I mean if you I thought it was a joke that the the the gelatin that you have to make yourself a canvas or beans tangy tassie and thought that I was so good yeah crap and then closing the best thing that came out of Stephen Tyler is sort of what she's smoking you said that already what's before okay said exactly the same thing uh last time ago exactly get some new material okay sir please I told you it was chronic get some material oh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty animal one line I'm gonna tell you this this chair the way I don't know what it is it's the same chair we head down stairs maybe it's the way that I have to sit with in this chair to keep my head above water but the way the thing is configured now I'm ready to explode here I'm telling you because it's driving you know I'm saying it's driving me right you heard of that song piled riven man well that's what it's doing right toward the old uh rectum right god I don't want to start you know bitch into much because then that guy will come back from Boca again he's boring too but Christ on mighty talk about a lack of comfort I'm gonna sit on this guy being crack oh god hey what I can barely see your help you know something so I'm sitting on a floor but at least number one I don't have to sit up against the table because I can I can actually sit up straight which I had the worst posture in the world of the given but at least I can sit up straight without being like pushed forward like I'm gonna slide off it's like sitting on a slope kitty's chair like on a height chair I'm sure there's a way to lock that chair yeah lock it up a throw away the key okay it's a piece of a brick like everything else in this place look at this I'm sitting on again like a little trial I'm sitting like a young Neil all over again sitting on a guy named floor Christ yeah I'm about like toys is like like a munchkin what are you doing there down on a floor Neil huh you look at the floor he holds you know I think back to that you know she was on a minute ago again this uh marine ortha wrote the kuranan and book she is making around on every guy that she's peddling this book she's permanent and it is a pretty interesting book except of course for the fact that all the people she's writing about and here are dead so it's kind of harder really me positive about the accuracy of most of it they're all dead but that thing about the glory holes I mean a waste high hole barely large enough to accommodate a man's finger maybe she was talking to finger man and he said it felt like a finger I've never seen a glory hole I was only big enough to accommodate a man's finger but that thing about in accordance with the prevailing etiquette you're supposed to kneel down and stick your penis under the stall how can you do that seriously unless you're a major contortionist how can you and and you I have to assume that the other person assuming that they want to reciprocate they're also kneeling down on the other side of the stall I mean you can't pull anybody with a brown paper bag on this deal I'll tell you that it's the latter to smell her january is full meal months and what better way to celebrate than with a good hot album is the greatest hits of haul and oatmeal you'll get songs like it's a thick rule it's a thick rule insert as some sugar so you know that's not good that's the greatest hits of haul and oatmeal a hearty way to start your day I thought I was headed for another full or a few minutes ago and now that I'm sitting in the chair George came in here readjusted it in the chair too and I'm sitting up here like nice any wreck like a real human being we got the chair it was on like slide it was like sliding down not seriously it was on slide and then of course if you put in another thing I'm sitting with my uh... record up in the air which is not my usual position what you believe it or not five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line I'm not bluffing here's a mobile in kuper city hello I know yes sir the value of a red band straight what is it yeah my right and straight right and straight you know the other day the other day Jeff Gordon one another raise I thought I Jeff Gordon one another god damn raise I think you might be Irish could be the Irish for Jewish I know he's not you wish I guarantee that but I don't know if you wish race card drivers we got a few Jewish hockey players well and by the way speaking of hockey players how come it's now a new deal at every team's got to have one black boom on the team but those this guy would bustle on the room they had some a dark and plugged a gun watching her game last night tough game beat the owners to the one they got some much faster I mean some black guy on there's like uh... man he threw a check-in I forget who the hell he hit I mean a clean check just just blue this guy out I mean just let was great ice gunners for all and in the river ranges got a guy scored a goal last night affected with their only goal and that boring tag game that they played that was pathetic oh what is his name g and z x qa he's got a he's like from Africa this guy see I'm telling you I don't want I don't want to start picking out our dark and collected brothers but hockey was supposed to be for white guys every time you open up the door you know it's like in your neighborhood every time you open up the door a little bit and then there's one I all of a sudden here's another one here's and then they're all over the place can't we have anything left can we have can't we keep hockey like golf there was that early elves and then he yells I don't want to those gotten in his tiger woods all of a sudden there's all these dark and collected golf is all over the place for those idiots who want to watch golf same with hockey now uh you know it seems to me when I went to bed Friday night there were like about half a dozen black players in the edge y'all I wake up Monday morning out there's 20 I told you they reproduce like rabbits what is that where the hell did they all come from here's moissie to tuple on the you know Montreal Canadians what where how did he come from here's Miami hello Miami let me try pushing the button here's Miami like I said hello see almost guy was the best call of the year and you like that he had to work for no allow he five bucks an hour he's gonna live in a box okay in your chronic open line in the drawer five six seven I don't want to hear from cronics we're dying for calls the last two days too many cronics cronics cronics cronics like I'd be forward is a bull crab of us stevee tall is daughter gets a nombatorial right some let's stevey write it and by the way speaking of great artists and George always is concerned about did they write the music well steve Tyler yeah wrote more I wasn't even aware of that I never even realized that because I just listen to the music I don't study it I'm not interested in the life stories every time I hear a song at all the musicians and who their girlfriends were and their boyfriends and both of the above I don't care but I'm looking at the liner notes and his new aerosmiths out in the live little surface and they I'm looking there we got them cut all these great songs all the best aerosmith he wrote it mister how do you like that I like aerosmiths you do not and stevee tall here full of crap don't try back track it now it's too late you said he looked like a goddamn monkey yeah let's decide to play and he does here's a bokeh hello bokeh okay probably that's a national again here's a Miami hello I don't know yes sir okay I want to comment on the homeless guy who called what the hell was he talking about five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line chronic here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir I will at least we still have the mince water poll no black man on the no and no good sure and they don't have mince Dennis and what do me men's tennis there's those sports and there's dark and plucking what's that one guy's name with all the beads in his hair you know what I'm talking about no you're talking about Venus Williams no no there's a guy get out of here I know Venus one others a guy with that stuff too all the way together nail I had a pleasure riding on a plane with some of those how she'd come from my dreams rubbing their nipple rings together yes and what's a box thing we flew in our head in their arm and they were very yeah we're landed yeah they were laying to fill them they were go bobbing and they were in the SNM they were bobbing yeah come to bob the up into the 20th century before it ends that would be good come on all you have seen them come into the 20th century it's almost over before it's over oh and that includes David the judges accountant too you a stone age lunatic you maniac and by saying thanks very much for the bottle of that multi-vocer whatever the hell I was that crap that you brought me that cost me five bucks that tincture of a tincture of rip off hey brings me a bottle of I think I think it was like holy water he brought me over at the hockey game the night five bucks to rub out to shimir on my and I opened up the bottle I could hear a cracking sound like all ball here we go again not bad enough I got all kinds of fact doctors around here so you think my doctor's gonna come and take my blood again he better this other this other all of these doctors I don't understand how to how can they have a conscience do that they just they do all these precarious and then they just leave your hand dangling there and then of course all of a sudden when your kidneys give out it's too late oh my god geez well I were going to put you on dialysis and you're done man you're done to mediate all that ice cream yeah two but I didn't have doctors who cared enough to send their very best and follow through and be involved on a moment to moment that's the kind of doctor I'm looking for not some kind of like you know doctor do little or doctor G yeah see the guy at the clinic there Cleveland Clinic he's a nice guy but he wants to dazzle you with his knowledge oh no it couldn't be that because uh and I go through this whole litany to impress you with all the stuff that he knows whatever you got he don't know what that is but everything else he knows he's great that's why the column doctor poskunyok open line and borrowed one in Palm Beach two and four pierce one on the west coast one over there in Tampa five in on the audio net all over the world by the way we apologize to people are listening like in civilized places on the audio net this is the best we can do down here I'm very very sorry you have no idea how sorry I am you got the stick of food at lad don't want to go to a creek and that's the rolling stone what the Poly lot vertex get revenge oh yes you're right 14 is 56 you look at that we had a to happen as soon as we went to that long-pondrous break here on all spots radio, one call off in the board. I hate to break the news to you, but now because of this yesterday and today, now they're going to show on the exhibition Marlins game through the infri day. That's right, because they figured they could get better numbers with the exhibition baseball them with this show, because there's obviously no interest here anymore. Starting yesterday, Thursday and Friday were going only until 1250 because this show was just guys right here in our new studio. Died. Don't blame me. I'm still sitting here. I'm doing my thing. I'm sitting up here straight and erect as erect as I can get by advanced age. They don't care enough. I don't want to send it very best. They don't want to even hang on. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. In fact, they might start just making up Marlins games to put on a 1250 just to cut us back a little bit. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, how you doing? Okay. What about Jockeys? I don't think we have any brothers Jockeys. Here we do. We do. Yeah. You're a beam? Here's other blind. There's black Jockeys. Okay. Neil, one more thing. I don't talk about my Mb. It's actually glory holes. Yeah, when you would know, sounds like you got it with them. Probably drill them. That's a guy with a pneumatic drill. Oh, he's a move out of Westland. He's a blinded guy to hop for him there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I thought we'd just become as about to boom black people, man. About the white? About goony black people? Yeah. I thought we'd, why can't black people say hockey? You think Peter Rorella's not a goon? No. Peter Rorella? I mean, why do you consider black people a goon? Donald Bushier is he like a real skilled hockey player. He's a goon. I'm talking about guys that are fighters. Hey, was it was it was one way out of the blue bars with a fighter as you go? Is he blank? Hey, Joe Benoski with a fighter as you go? Is this just only a goon? And I think you're barking. That's a barbed wire because the fighter you jack at, another hockey, another dark a puck at hockey is, stick to your guy name stuff that you know about. Okay. Stick to watermelon and fried chicken and stuff messed it up with our hockey games. Okay, bro. So, throw, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, that's two barons is black and he's a fighter. But what about whatever the hell those guys say? You wouldn't know a fighter if they stuck their foot inside your back dome. Okay, and I don't think they'd waste your time. Here's a Carroll City, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. How are you? Okay. Long time look for the first time call it. All right. So take it easy on me. Okay. Neil, you were talking about the hockey player. Yeah, I'm never even, I didn't even know that we had a black guy. Well, there's too many. It's like a, it's like a disease. It's spreading all over the place. There's black hockey players that even I don't know who the L.A.R. And I'm supposed to be the expert. I'm watching games every guy damn night of my life. And I'm seeing like this guy in Buffalo last night whose name is Sean Martin, John Paul Brown, something or whatever his name is, who the hell is this guy? Are they black Americans? I don't know. I don't know where the hell he's from. He's an Asian African or he's an American. I wonder what he is. Well, you know, I just really got into hockey. My life's keep your people out of the list. Victor, Victor, you got basketball. You got football. You see, the only reason now we got black guys in hockey is because this wally guy up at Miami of Ohio is a white guy. The best basketball player in college basketball in America. And now you folks are pissed off about it. So now you want to take hockey here. Neil, Neil, please. Some folks. Okay. I'm a black American. Yeah. Not an African American. That's right. That's right. You're not know after whatever the club. Neil, one more thing and it closed. You mentioned sometime ago that... Until I David J. Neil was standing over four or two while you're at it. Two till I was first and with the band added to it. I was at Wayne, I was here a couple of weeks ago and I had breakfast. Then you mentioned that... Where was he? Dead. Really? Dead. Oh, my goodness. That's exactly what we said. Oh, my God. He was a great guy. He was a great guy. There were nice people. There were the dead people. That's what God was from the serious ways. The fact that they're still around. They're still here and a B deal for you. Like us. They were closed and pleased. Neil, one more time. Car, bridges, and both. Okay. Open line and date one and brought 400 in Palm Beach a couple and four miles. One over and away and the Naples 560560, Pont 560 on the AT&T. Marvel 5. Yes, two barns was a fighter, right? He's a fighter. All those little guys. Right? What? And he's a fighter. See, before you call it, open up a big hostile mouth as Jack has two calls. You go, have some little idea of what you're talking about, what you do not. You do not be know what you're talking about. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Okay. There's a good one for you. Excellent. What was that? What the hell? Look at that possibly. I think that Larry Miction's foreking around with our phone again is what I think. Here's a lady mobile in Palm Beach, yellow. Hello. Yes, man. I beg you, I'd be glad to fight with two barns. I was going to wrestle with two barns. Well, I do. The guy on the Ranger, these from Nigeria. Is that why I'm saying something? Is there a bigger reason? Yeah. Yeah. Where do they have ice in Nigeria? I have no idea, but I saw him for the first time. He got the goal. He shot here from the point and the receiver was, I mean, whoever the who are they playing last night. I can't remember. I know he's going to play a lot. I'm washing it and that's where I play the cat. The name is some kind of funny thing. The whole thing was a screen on a plane. There was in the net. His name is like, G-N-G-U-M-B-E-L-O. Good, I'm Bell. Yeah, right? Toughen. Anyway, I just wanted to say Nigeria what? Exactly. Thank you. Okay. I think there's a skate on thin ice over there. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a call in the Bahamas of all places, hello. Morning, Neil. Yeah, I'm on. I do it. Okay. A long time, which is a free time call, huh? All right. Just want to say that, we enjoyed it. Don't have a head behind me and hockey players doing. Yeah. Thank God. Nigeria, can you tell me I haven't tried it as yet? Don't do it. I agree with you. Okay. Put on thoughts. I agree with you saying we should have allowed to give the white people some of their own sports. Let them stay with hockey. Yeah, very easy out. That's right. You know, it's just a white man. You're talking about baseball, took away football, you're taking away golf, which you didn't have for my part. What do I leave out? Vanski ball baseball football. I mean, taking away everything else. Yeah. Because boys in the shows took over baseball. But Neil, notice it. Well, that's why they had to use up the baseball for Mark McGuire last year. And then of course, Sammy, so sad to jump on the bad wagon. Oh, yeah. Which is both of the above-spot-inch ball. You know? I agree. The important thing is that the black student take over the baseball. We have the spec taken over the baseball. That's right. That's right. That's right. Okay. And also that the skin. How many black skills do we have Neil? So white people are known to stick in the snow. Yeah. You know, what are you really doing? We're going to wait till we ship your ass up north. You know, all the ballers were supported. Oh. Yeah. But then you'll find out what being really freezing your ass is all about. Hey, good Neil. Yes. If we're not about those, doesn't make a signal. Have I correct? Yeah. Whatever you said. Okay. Have a great day, man. And so some good crap. 560, 505, 60, on the AT&T. Well, I was not so did Dr. Field Goods office call yet to see him was coming by this week to take my blood again. Well, he's got to. I'm going to offer. I'm putting the challenge out right now. Dr. Field Goods. See if he, you know, he called the other last week with a very embarrassing call. I think it was a week ago Friday. See if somebody really cares about my feeling health. Patching around. I mean, we're talking to, we're talking seriously a powerful drugs here. Adelaide and hydro chlorolysiside and all the change in back and forth and got to know what's going on. And here all I had was a little goddamn rash, which is mostly gone by the way. Thank you, except of course for the scar where they took the biopsie. You can't see a rash anymore, but there's a nice red scar where the biopsie was. Which hopefully might go away someday. You think it will? No. No. Not when you die, better. Here's a mobile in homestead, hello. Hey, Neil. What's going on? How are you doing? All right. You know, we were going through some papers this week in the house. You'll let the Bohemian guy resist doing this. He's going yaman. And we found a hotel bill from the embassy sweets home back to I think it was 88 or 89. Do you know what these sweets were here? Over on 33 cause. Okay. And my wife remembered that when we were staying there that we can date had a talk show convention. And I remembered a tentating to the downstairs. Yeah, that's that. The Pupid Talkers magazine, all of a sudden grandizing assholes. Yeah, that's what it was. We're gonna talk about like us in my single and that silly Alice, where I tell who's in town on the question is. How are you doing Alice? And this one woman who worked about 800 pounds, forget her name. But you know, it was that whole crowd back then. And I was thinking, then, fuck. Right. Whole crowd of self-aggrandizing egotistical jackasses. And I was thinking, this is the same magazine that listed Brook Daniels is one of the 100 most important talkers. He seems got a number so small. He tells a telescope to see it. But you know, it's interesting, you know, comparing that. And I think you were probably on FM at that time. Yeah. Why don't I know what you're talking about? Like 89, 89. I had to be 89. No, I was on I would be in those. Okay, I would be. But thing is, you survived and you'd everybody else is followed by the wayside. Yeah. She's trying to be clever, but he's still saying crap. You can't say, on the air, sir. And you kept repeating it over and over and over and over again. Why did he do that? Is he an asshole or something? Yes. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. I was broke to him by the way. And I was like, oh, I forgot to look at those trends. I looked at him at home and I get done from it. Today's my big day at the dentist, by the way. Dr. Gary over there in the pepper pine. You know, the one I'm talking about, Dr. Gary. Why? Yeah, him. Sitting need for my mouth guard. I'm going to feel this like very wet day when I get home. And I have a mouth guard, so I'm not. But I don't think I'm doing that that much anymore. You know, nobody told me that. Maybe I'm not doing it that much because my teeth are all aching and my drive. I think maybe like subconsciously, I think it's not grinding it. Of course, now the stress of these last two days. Thank God, I'm getting them out of guard today. Thank God, Jerry. Today's the day, just as an Icarotene. Because the stress from this audience went enough to kill you. But I'm still here. A lot of those old parts. You'll ever make it there, dead. They're dead. Let's hear it for those old fossils from the K18 days. And the WS News days, let's hear it. They're dead. They're rotting. They're thinking rotten, putrid flesh in a box somewhere. So disgusting that even the worms won't touch him. And it's right. Dead. So now, what's up with you, Gau from a spoko? Along with me to blow up an abortion plan, they used to kill another doctor who was murdered. And he had kids. He's with a draw and have a bad attitude. Then Brad and I can't get a gas in you. And when down to abortion, clearly dead is. Eight nothing like the smell and nurses aren't fire. Now if you drive a truck and there was smell, they had. And all the villages this will come had. And after we've made the clinic explode, we'll go find a Nigger and drag us down the road. We'll be proud you're from the South, more. No more wide, Southern pride. Now if there's a beautiful, old, and trapped inside, we'll rape her in the essence dealer first before she dies. Can they replace the Bible to the other day? Our barbarism ignorance and seeping, aint. Inbreed that is, fire up some garth Brooks to. No, we are the Christians, older low and God, who likes to wipe our ass with an old porn call. And when we're not burning church's or clinic, Bound we play our bandos in the trees with peasants in our mouth. That's what Christians require, right there in the old ground up. 131 at 5.60. We have a handover show cut up to this afternoon. So we got big, big fat. Luke Shambi, 6 to 10 at Kaplan with all the odds on games that haven't been in bed yet. 10 o'clock tonight. Marnight, we got the Marlon's exhibition game. We got the Panthers late because they're playing at San Jose. No interest in the Panthers whatsoever. Any interest? No. Anybody by nose play off tickets? No. Okay. Just checking. Here's Miami. Any other going? Okay sir. I'd like to go to the discussion we just have on the minorities in hockey. I'm not a big hockey fan, but I was wondering if there were any Hispanics in hockey. No. It's not at all. There was a guy, I can't think of his name now. He was the backup bully for Dallas at one time. His name was Mani Sumpin, brother. I think he was a Julio. Is that right? He was a really one I ever heard of. Yeah. Yeah. We need more Hispanics on the ice. No. Yeah, whatever sport we get into, you know, he put it to another level. Uh-huh. You know, it is baseball. As you were saying, Sammy Sos and the home one race. Right. That's how we are, man. Put it on another level, yeah. Just look at soccer. I mean, we're, you know, we dominate. Yeah. But that's only the dark and plucking of Hispanics. That's only a very, very dark. We're off the margin team and dark team. Yeah. That was dark and team. Huh? You know, Diego Maradona. Diego Maracona? Diego Maradona. I know Maradona. I remember. I remember. Diego Maradona and Maracona. Okay. Have a great day. I'll get out of here with that soccer crack. Stick to your soccer. Like I said, everybody's got their own thing. Okay. Some people got bullfighting. Some people got bullfighting. I have to stick to your own ethnic thing. We'll all get along. Talian's got to mob, you know, everybody stick to your own stuff. That's like spilling over in, you know, father and everybody. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Five, six. You like that. Homeless guy. I want to tell you. What do you say? He'll start for 20 grand here. Yeah. Yeah. God. You know, something I think there's something to do with these things on this microphone. I really do. This is the old mic. I mentioned that no mic, my son. Good. We found out yesterday the reason that everything's sad little bit on the tini side in this studio is there was a broken tweeter. Up in our, our new expensive, the craziness, the speakers on the wall. It was a broken tweeter. And maybe that's why that mic. Because now. I'm gagging. I think there's a, we ought to get to list the renaut. We can do a kill two birds with one so much love. We can spread the toilet, we can spread the toilet seed and this microphone. Because I'm, I'll be goddamn, if I'm going to take a crap on a 12, see with all these straight people on this floor. Oh, seriously, I'm not going to sit on the same 12, see the sum of those, oh, God, the thought of it. Here's a mobile. I'm going to go down to the third floor every time I have to do that. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Have a nice day. I'm, I'm gagging, I guess. See, there is something in here. I'm gagging on it. You can feel it like it's just like the other building, man. The corporate disease. S, S, C, told you. Law so get on the phone. See what they have to say about these cheap bastards, okay? Something really, and you know, the guy, the guy made a good point. There was talking to me about when they were doing a construction. And all the stuff when they start with a drywall, you know, and they start knocking, and that stuff gets it like as best as, only even worse, I think. Because that gets up there when the rents and it starts circulating, and you can't see it, but you sure can inhale it. Fiberglass does. Fiberglass does. Oh, my God. No wonder I'm dying over here. Major, gigantic lawsuit. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Hey, sir, thank you for the runtime lesson. All right. I'm a day late, and I'm a sureer. Yeah, as usual. I'm up to my two cents in because there's something you touched your on yesterday. I touched it, yeah. You mentioned something about the Chinese and Toronto area, right. Right. So, we was a girl. I was in Vancouver. Oh, I got in town of Chinese there. You know the reason for that? What is that? They come from Hong Kong because of British citizens, you know, with a colony. Yeah. And the car we need to come and use to took over. That's like all those island people from the Antilles that go to the Netherlands because they're like citizens. Right. And they fled to common rough nation. And that's where you are. You get the large influx in Canada. Right. See, the good thing is though in Vancouver, the ugly Chinese people all moved there and the good looking ones all went to Toronto. Oh, I got the truth. Two stories. All right. Okay. Thanks for the time. Excellent points. You're very good. Just like all those aras, those shows that we got in the Netherlands. And we're trying. Rock, rock, coke, coke, mine, coke. Rock. Seriously, you marked my words. Anybody's ever been to Amsterdam? That's not the only negative. We said the weather sucks, but we already know that going in. But other than that, everything's great, except for that, you know, those street people. Rock, rock, what do you need? Rock, coke. Now does that make me a bigot? Because I said that. It makes me a bigot. Because I just don't want to be around those people. I don't mean dark and plague to people. I mean that kind of dark and plague. If they were like and plague to people, they were hastily with the trying to pedal drugs. That would bother me almost as much. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Going once. I hear you breathing. I hear you smack in your lips. Here's a mobile in Miami. Can't do it. Couldn't get it up. Here's a mobile in Western. Hello. Anyhow you're doing. Okay. I thought I'm doing okay. I don't know. They all just there in a coma. I have no idea. What do you think about this? My mom and I'm there. You're a problem. You're with a music. It's not me, baby. It's this place. You got it. What do you think of Coach Murray taking a team that's fighting for a slice of playoff face? For a couple of days. You're a little bit older. You've been listening to much propaganda on that morning, sure. Okay. What's the big deal? Okay. In fact, if anything, it might help a little bit. Loosen them up a little. Who the hell cares? Who gives a crap? What people ought to be concerned about is that scumbag Denise Rodman out there who, you know, has got all these personal problems whose plunging is brains out of Caesar's palace and screwing around at the casino's in Vegas. Personal problems. He can't be playing for the Lagus. That's what sports fans ought to be concerned about. That's come back. If they ought to take a couple of these off and plunged their guts of the casino, let them spread the money around a little bit. You know, I think it's hypocritical that he's suspected of player who's being laid or misled by your adult. You're right. They absolutely correct. Yes, sir. Absolutely correct. We're thinking about that coming to work this morning. You're right. Good point. Dark shows up two minutes late. You're going to sit out. You're going to ask, okay. But hey, let's go to Vegas and plung our brains out including some of you guys who aren't even 21 yet. Can't gamble the casino unless you're at least 21 unless you're a joc. If you're a joc, it's like I'm a radio. If you're on a, if you're a joc, you can say anywhere that's ever been invented. If you're a broadcaster, you say those words you're going to jail, you get fired. But if you're a joc, we got separate rules in America. Like I said, I think it's the grace that they're in Vegas that these young kids are gambling. He's teaching them the ways of evil, etc. Whatever makes you happy, sir, but you're right about that hypocrisy. Because Terry Murray, he's a piece of turd. Without popbell, Burai, he ain't that's right. That's right. Terry, but I won't follow. All right. We're, I know my sister, all my life. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know it's true. He's my nephew too. Well, my daddy is my uncle, Joe Mother is my dear and flow. We just barely sleep, my mother's business be. Oh! 144 or 550 WQM. So, well, what you just told me was absolutely outrageous. Unbelievable. That ourselves, the Department of the Management and this radio station. That kind of like, what do they call that? Beton switch? Does that what they call that? Beton switch? You know, you buy one thing and then I will give you something else. Here's a moral and exhibition game. You want it? No. Why do you got it anyway? Nice. Nice, go and screw in. That'll butcher up all of our good accounts before too long you watch. Mark my words. Police in Northeastern, Brazil of a right to the leader of a religious sect after the Pienaces of three of his followers were chopped off. Apparently in an initiation ceremony of 30 said, Do not tell Brandau the 28-year-old spiritual head of the sect Mundial was detained over the weekend in So Luis, Luis. So Luis. Uncharges of ordering a violent assault against his teenage adopted son and two ended at 20s. The severings were rapidly performed where they kitchen cleaver. I didn't know the cleaver's were from Rio. By three men who simulated an attack during initiation ceremony last Friday on a beach in So Luis, state prosecutors recorded saying, A nurse caught a rise the wounds but the missing organs had been tossed into bushes and could not be reattached. There's nothing like throwing your missing organ into a boot. 5605 true story. 560560, Tom 560, on the AT&T Wireless Bomb. What if I always told you, the religious people are the crazy people. That's right. Nice going, Neil. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Here's Miami. Here's Miami. Hello. 560560, and Tom 560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. You think those, the last two, I think they were like, Get a crawl out of the stall. They were sticking each other's, under the stall. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Neil? Yes sir. Please speak with me sir. Move back down. The last call of the day, sir. That's it. Those last two more rounds we had back to back in you. That's it. Thank you. I appreciate it. I have exhibition baseball on Authors the In Friday. Thanks to this crowd. Thank you. God. I have a drug get out of here. 1250. Well, you might have to go back. I don't even. It could be. He's up like this here. Neil, I just want to say to pleasure hearing your voice again. It's been a very, very long time. I've heard of the devoted listener. And we'll always speak. Yeah. And in closing, we need some devoted colors not devolving. I appreciate the listeners, but we need some devoted colors on his God name. Sure. That's what we need. Somebody with something to say. Somebody with some goddamn material. I don't have any. That's okay. You know, I just want to say, You're great. I want to say. Okay. Thank you. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. While the slime we got 13 minutes to kill here. George is talking to somebody on the air gone. That's it. And the show. Unbelievable. Marlin's baseball coming up next. A hankle beer too, but let's put some Marlin's baseball. We just can't do four hours in a minute. So it's getting shorter and shorter and shorter. That's right. It's getting real short, baby. So this body has got nothing. We got plenty of nothing. That's a theme song for this town. I'm embarrassed. I thought yesterday was embarrassed. But I think that I worked for Greg Reed. That's not a lie. By the way, that's a truth. I'm embarrassed when I think about working for a man like him. But I'm even more embarrassed that I work on his radio. I work here with this crowd. George and I were discussing during one of the breaks. How much do we have that British intellectual organization? Here we're surrounded by this. This is just killing some time before we can talk about how the fight was fixed again. And about, you know, all of a sudden, bull cramp. I'm listening to Hank yesterday and Hank was at a, well, he was talking about the ringo star concert. He went to Vegas and about some of their concerts. First colleague punches up. No, it was the second color. First guy was the assucker talking about what a great drummer ringo star is. And I just almost drove up. But I, you know, I hung around through that next collar starts out by saying, a very young Florida gator team. And as soon as he got to the book team, my CD was in the player. A very young Florida gator team. And then I thought, this can't really be. I mean, seriously, this can't be. Can it, can it really be? First. No. Here's Boca, hello. F baseball and F basketball. Yeah. Let's say. Okay. Here's a mobile and money lake, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, listen, I've looked at the tree since 1983, but anyway, and I drive all day. Something, uh, I saw the basketball the other day Princeton, all white guys on the, on the, on the, on the, I'm starting to find it's right. They beat it up. I'm all black. I don't know. And then if we don't kill it. The anglo is beat the shows. That's right. They'd be Georgetown right. And I don't know. That is shot of the bench. And I think I saw two black guys on the bench. Yeah, well, they're tokens. Yeah, token. They've been token. But anyway, I thought, I don't really mention that or not, but, uh, Well, that's why these black, Tony. That's why they're more black hockey players popping up overnight because this walley world is walley, whatever his name is, and I'm you all back to the Xurbiac. They're very upset about the fact that the best college player in America is in the, all of the world is a white kid who's as white as the fallen snow, and they're real pissed off about that. He cost me some money on Sunday, but it's not. That's another issue. Stick with walley, baby. From now on, I will. All right. Hey, that's about it. Okay, too. So I've got the odds and those games. No, good. 10 till 2 if 5 60 and a very uplifting day. At least we got the chair straight now. Nice going George. George got my chair. This thing was a joke. It was ridiculous. And then it's counter. You see, we're nearly when you build a console like this. There'd be a curved area so that the person, you know, like, I don't like it. I'm like, I'm like in a real radio station. I'm sorry.