Your Rogersett! Mine it's me and me My aim is my aim is I kid you all like good little fingers And fun little sound that comes right out you think Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for right little songs about boo boo My brain's all gone I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which by the girl. I'm gonna fart on He's Dr. Dreass you'll make you pass to hell no what was Tell us then you look well Well, it's age 12 it seemed like I always smell that Ripon gases and juice was pretty swell. I got this off when I took my jeans off and Futtered so hard into my own work backwards like Chris Crawl and every night I'm like oh dinner that then put up my ass passes a fat day two As you fat smell this honey. You'll tell me to miss a girl I don't give a god's happy to think the world up my aim is my aim is my aim is My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is I just teach you wanna me kick out back and juggie high I said the problem was something problem my ass and die I shot him in the face with my paper the worst happened later when I covered his desk He was taller the paper walking the street flood my taxes were filled up more the bartending took a Duffin a kicker went over to a death ahead of fucking a gong She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father Get to know I thought I was love to be a famous rapper They corrected about strange noise made on the crampo You know you would dirt when the women rush to leave Back but you must God why he never was born My aim is my aim it, my aim is my aim it, my aim is them My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is. I like that way the deal and I open the HPV 16th day in the video music award that's gonna be it. I ain't gonna be gigantic. Black dough, you mongous. Anyway, it's 10 or three. I'd tell you one thing, it better be a damn good show because man, you have never in your life seen. Any such self promoting going on and on and on, the likes of which like, everybody wants to do the thing. Oh, God, save us from ourselves. Okay, by the way, here's a great facts from some real good people. So real broadcast is over at Nova Southeast in University, we've got better equipment that we've got, by the way. It says hope all as well on the PR director for Nova Southeast in universities Radio X88.5. If I'm just wanted to thank you for mentioning us on the air Wednesday, we've gotten a lot of positive response from it. Oh, how do you like that? And that's got an obligatory sucking around thing which I'll spirit the reading that. And it goes on to say, I wish I could send you a ton of cool radio X stuff, but alas, we are non-commercial and have no budget for such things. Well, guess what, Jen? This is Jen Versfield PR director. We're commercial and we also have budget for any such thing. And we have no budget for anything. So do we have any t-shirt? Oh, do we have a, if you want to, in fact, set us 30 or 40 bucks. Maybe we'll send you a cap, a QAM cap, okay? So thank you, Jen Versfield PR director and keep kicking some serious ads on Radio X 88.57, PM to 7A, which is Piperized KPX 7A, MD7PM. Best music in town by a long shot. And I want to just go out of my way to say this to the music in Power 96, really blows. I mean, they really suck. I mean, there's some nice people over there, but God, your music is just, I mean, oh, the, you can't complain about the music programmers in this town on FM because there aren't any. Just the absolute worst crap. You could ever possibly hear in your life. God, how is it possible that a high school station and a college station to be playing better music by far by a million, Zillion miles than the so-called commercial stations that we got on a radio here. And you think with queer channel and he's, you know, four or five companies being allowed by the FCC, being encouraged by the FCC to buy up every guy at the station in America, you think that just by osmosis, they don't enough different frequencies in the same market, they take one of them and put something good on there, right? No. Like one, oh three point five, you know? Like after they put you off, she, and they put that garbage on there that female-oriented, what about, how do they call it? Planet. It was out of this world, all right, man. It's on Uranus, the planet. For that, no. Now they got that new format on there, which what do they call that? They have a name for it, besides crap. That's it, crap. Where they play like Gloria, as Stefan music over and over again all day. Everything you were tired of, and never wanted everything. And that nobody in their right mind would ever want to hear again. That's what they got on there. Nice going David Ross, you're a real rocket science, baby. A real one, whatever. An asshole, I think the word I was looking for. God. Man, oh man, last time we got the MTV show tonight. Anybody gonna be watching that? Oh, you bet after all this hype, a better be good, it probably won't. It's not really a good show anyway. Unless you wanna see something, you have to wait for like four and a half hours to see something maybe a little bit tasteless happening to somebody to say crap, or somebody's boob to fall out. Maybe if you're looking, Maria carry the big one on pop out. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, she's got that one big one. Lefty. She, she, unlike Brittany, who, you know, evidently, Daddy put up the books. Maria had the operation way back into beginnings of her career when she was just a slipper. So she could only afford the one. Now she's gonna maybe work on the other one. So she's got that her left, oh, so yeah, it's the left breast is gigantic. You know what I'm gonna say? At least twice a size. Oh, and by the way, Jennifer Lopez. Not only is she skanty looking and she does have a great ass, well, all admit to that. She's got a big, but she has got no, it's at all. No, there's small, raising it. She's got a pair of the smallest it's I've ever seen in my life. So she's got a scabby looking face. She can't sing for crap. She's got a great ass. And that's about it. And she's a weekend to top it all off. Oh, well, this is the year for the weekends. You got to Ricky Martin. That's our pull quest today. Who's got the better boobs? Well, Ricky Martin or Jennifer Lopez. Who's got the better remake job? Huh? All these people that have been made over, over and over. It's one thing to get up, over, it's another thing to get made over. Speaking of getting up, over. We've got all kinds of stuff today. Man, we got just millions and millions. And then, then, then, of course, we got the great American. See you out again. Comes to find out the story from two days ago. Dad meant to kill son, five police say. I say put him in the electric chair right on channel seven news at five this afternoon. Would Rick Sanchez pull in the switch and hop it up and down and hyper ventilating as he does it. All right, by the way, also today is the 9999 to the world coming to an end yet. No, no. But I will tell you this. That giant party. Another one of these is stare at all and you'll notice that the summer came and went. It's almost over officially without those two Y2 cameo abuse. You think maybe a little common sense finally prevailed and somebody said you better, this is not a really good idea. You better not put this crap out because knowing human nature and what panic people people are in this country, you better not start all this crap. I've made me somebody on Wall Street might have suggested that. Like, it's not a real good idea, okay? And so the fact that there wasn't only one, there were gonna be two Y2K hysteria spreading movie this summer. Did either want to appear? No, thank God. So anyway, Steven's Celeste didn't grab this young son and rage that his wife had told him move out. One day 40 caliber block handgun at the child's chest and pull the trigger police at the yesterday. The boys mother and her friend watched in horror too and that is the child we're shopping for the ride. The soul police Celeste and deliberately killed his five-year-old son and said, wow, he did it to us by the abitch. That'll learn her. Yeah, that'll teach her. Oh, man, I'm telling you, we've got more trash making babies in this country. It's just unbelievable. I got to hold a whole bunch of these stories just from one day. Crazy people with guns. I might not bad enough that we don't have forced their realization, which is I've fully for years is the real answer. But we got crazy people trash with guns running around. See, I'll say this right off the bat at the risk of being accused of being a, a bigot. People of color should not be allowed to have guns and certainly his fanics should not be allowed to have guns because first of all, well, the Puerto Rican got the switch played but his fanics are much too hot blooded. You know what I'm saying? You catch my ground. Oh, yeah. So those two categories should definitely not be allowed to have any kind of gun. No way. Okay, to be continued, nine minutes after 10 at five, 60, WQN. New York. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You were strong. That's what it did now. You take the old, but first house two do the fuckinguum. Too well-mouthed. He's looking to steal sips and say who looks like nobodyствие if you ever catch me two in a name and I be afraid to a point if my way once you're right, put on the cheers. Tune the old ge ikke-pounding. Oh right. Oh right. So give to the best man doing the monkey Pokemon. Shake your whole face out. I'm doing the monkey Pokemon. He's doing the monkey Pokemon. That's the same as my 560 W2M and the countdown 15 years. I mean, the only reason I had a lot of this, I've very excited about this. Those who watched MTV a lot is that after today we get the crap off the bottom right hand. The corner of the screen. God, now not only does it have the 999, but they're counting down the minutes and the hours and the seconds. And it's like, man, it better be damn good. I'll take it out. Here's Pepper Pine. Hello. Leo. Yes, sir. How you doing? Hey, I agree with you on that bull crap about the sky. He's showing his shot. If he said he did, he needs to die today. Yeah. Why should we have a trial when we start money? Exactly. Right. It happens all the time. We're going to see if we can get a kill to two old people in Pember far. We see we got all this crap about hate crimes that people want to have more laws about hate crimes against minorities. How about crimes against children, huh? Exactly. I say anybody that kills the kid, they should be, let's just have a, you know, a banana, a Republican kind of a trial. We just have a kangaroo court and we'll fly him on TV on Channel 7 News. Exactly. Come on Fox. Hey, look, I call for me a speech back. Go ahead. Now you're a big set, speech back. Thanks. I'm not going to say how to work. He took you. Okay. I'm not helping pull the guy down switch. That's what we need is kangaroo court. Let's have lunch box for people that kill little kids and rape little kids and molested a few little kids. Because in this country, there's nobody to stand up for little kids. Nobody gives a crap about little kids. Here's a great story. Out of Chicago, woman gambler gets 21 year term. I hope that, Kaplan's listening to this. Chicago, a woman was sentenced to 21 years in prison on Wednesday. For suffocating her seven week old daughter to get $200,000 in insurance money. So she could gamble on riverboats. How do you like that? I mean, these stories are historically funny if they weren't true. It's like something Tom Greenwood make up. Federal prosecutors said they were stunned that Dina Abdelhawk, talk, and admitted gambling addict did not get the maximum sentence of 35 years. She only gets 21 years, which will probably get out in just a few. She was convicted in February of insurance fraud for deliberately suffocating her daughter and trying to pass off the cause as sudden infid deaths in drone. Her sentenced in craft an emotional hearing at which Alb the Cox mother twice left out of her seat and shouted at her the judge and prosecutors. Alb at Hawk 35, carefully denied killing her daughter. 21 years. She suffocates the little kid that the defense this little kid. So she can get money to punch your brains out on account of gambling boats. And by the way, no, I'm not going to block you Mississippi, okay? And if that makes you unhappy, too fucking bad. That's my comment about that. To stick in bed. And right next to that story by the way, here's another better one. Couple accused of leaving toddler and their pictures of the dark-complexed couple by the way. Boy left to die in woods, pully say, little rock Arkansas. A couple were accused on Wednesday of leaving their 18-month-old son to die in the wilderness and also suspected of tossing his two and a half year old brother to his death in a lake. The mother had told police in June that the children had been kidnapped by their father. Last week, however, the father told police that the couple abandoned their children in the ravine and upon. You know where this all started? It didn't start there, but I mean, one of the places where it started was that Susan Smithcraft up there in a Carolinas. And they convicted his bitch who also made up a story about some black eye who allegedly kidnapped her kid and come to find out that he drowned the kids in the car because they were getting in the way of her romance with her old trailer trash or boyfriend. Who wasn't interested in her anyway? He was the rich guy in town. That's why she wanted him. And by the way, Susan Smith, I hate to break news to you. But if I would have been married like you to any guy that looked as good as he did, he was a little bit dumb, but nevertheless pretty good. Remember him? He was pretty not bad for her. He was great. I would have kissed his feet and ankles if he came home showed up at night. But no, he wasn't good enough for her. She had to go screw her. And so anyway, the convicted ass and the people of that community up there say, oh, well, we grew up with Susan. We couldn't ask for the death penalty. We just give her life in prison. After she drowned her two kids in the back of the car, I mean, just stop and think of those little kids in that car going down in the goddamn water. Okay, stop and think about that. Two little kids locked in the back of the car, suffocating drowning in that car. And here in America, this bitch doesn't get the death penalty. And we got bleeding hard assholes out there screaming about, oh, it's barbaric at the end. Right. When are you going to start doing something to take care of a little kids? That's what I would like to know. And speaking of that, how about this story? There's eight million horror stories in the naked zoo. They got. Teacher is charged with sexual battery. Did you see this about now? Now, this is a male teacher on two 17 year old girls. And isn't it going to be interesting to see the different reaction we had with this story as opposed to the 40 year old broad teacher? That was the diddly kid when he was 13 and 14 years old. All right, nice going, John here. Good going. That's every old material boy. That's my boy. But Matthew J. Herman 29 was taught a child-browered high school for the life for four years. Was charged by Hollywood polis after two 17 year old girls made separate complaints against him. The girls claims against Herman stem from two days in March, wondering a field trip on March 50. The other supposedly on March 9th in Herman's office. Police say during the field trip Herman pulled his pants down onto occasions, exposing himself to one of the girls. On March 9th, the other girls at Herman and his she wore loan in his office. When she pulled her shirt, when he pulled her shirt up and told her he wanted to kiss her belly button right. Well, maybe she shouldn't have been wearing a belly button ring, you know? Sir, he's a 29, these girls are 17. I'm not defending what you're because like I said last couple of weeks ago. And I'll say it again. Teachers have got no business having sex with students of any kind, way shape or form. No matter how much you mock your guys out there, it was really great that when you were 13 and 14 or maybe you had a dream that you were school in your 40 year old teacher, okay? I probably had a dream. Wrong, absolutely totally unacceptable. Not any different from the family priest having sex with your kid, which by the way, speak out of that. Here's more good news. You know, this priest is Reverend Sinese, the one that's got big, big problems with his neighbor saying that he was stalking and sexually harassing him. Well, come to find out as is usually the case. Usually is the case because they like to sweep these things out of the goddamn furry rug. They both act in the church. Priest had been accused before reports show. Police are wrapping up their investigation of both complaints against the Reverend Joseph Sinese, the one earlier and of course the new one. A year before accusation of sexual impropriety that forced the Reverend Joseph Sinese to resign last month, a man filed a report with Fort Lauderdale police alleging, detailing much more serious allegations against the priest. The man now 32 told police in July of 98 that when it was between 12 and 15 years old, Sinese had sexual contact with him about 100 times. There's no fact in the church. 100 times. Police didn't investigate the case in filed a disease suspicious incident because it had happened so long ago that the statute of limitations had run out said Mike Reed's books and for Fort Lauderdale police. Unfortunately, in this case there was such a delay in reporting. The only thing we could do is keep it in our records and case up the yellow pop-up, Reed said. An august second, as you might know, a complaint was filed with police accusing Sinese of stalking and sexually harassing a man who lived next to St. Jerome Perish in Fort Lauderdale, where the Sinese didn't minister in April of 98. And it goes on and on and on and on and what happens is always happens. The church finds out about it and they sweep it under the carpet and they move these guys around. These pedophiles that keep moving them around from one place to another place. Let him go among us somebody else's children. Forgive all of this neighborhood. We'll get the heat off our backs. That's the way it works. So once again, like I said, nobody cares about your kids. Nobody gives a crap in America about protecting the kids. And everybody is crazy. For instance, got a gun. That's the American effinway. And we got all these lunatics. This gun lobby here. All there's nothing wrong with gun. I got an article here, man, that I cut out what I was on a plane going on vacation from USA today. Canada makes the case that gun restrictions work. This is the greatest thing I've ever read in my life. Very, very simple. Lay it right out there for you. Write in the red. Red is in blood red. Write in front of your post, which I'll read this in a little while. Which I'm sure I'll have plenty of time to do. Here's a mobile and four-later nail. Hello. How are you doing? Okay, sir. I want to talk to you. You're just talking to hitting on the point about gun restrictions. You know, it's about time we really get stricter with our laws about guns. Because this is just disgusting. I mean, it's me to gun restrictions. You think that guy that shot his kid would have been allowed to have a gun. I'm sure he has some prior record or some sort. He, I mean, stuff like that could be avoided. Yeah. And it's just we need, we need stricter, stricter gun. There's no reason for all these nut jobs. There are any reason for anybody to run around with handguns. There was many reason unless unless their lack of security guard or has some kind of an occupational thing. And they've got a special license to carry it. Other than that, there was any reason for people to be packing. What really pisses me off is how the NRA and a lot of gun nuts. You know, it's your right to have a gun. I can bear arms. I can do, you know, I have a beard. Yeah, bearded. That's a second amendment, but he, he, he or so, ignorant, so stupid that they don't realize a second amendment. It wasn't made for every idiot. Yeah, we don't know that ahead to do it with a militia. We understand that, but you know, something you'll never, this is a hopeless discussion because it's never going to change it. So ingrained they've got so much power. They've got all the politicians in their pocket. It's never going to change. People are really, really starting to, they're not, they're not. They're not even after what happened in Little's and Colorado. No matter how many of these episodes we have, people are not starting to get up in arms. They showed a couple of weeks ago, they showed the pull about the issues that people are worked up about. Gun control is way down there on the list. That's a shame. That's America for you, man. That's the wild west mentality. All right, Neil. Okay, good luck, pal. Later. Okay, get yourself a nice, beautiful vest for the holidays. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the AT&T line, which used to be also the mobile one line, but isn't anymore because mobile one is, it's probably no, but that's way goes. That's way goes in the competitive world of whatever it is. So like I said, pound 5, 60 on the line. She's fast for Neil Robbins, even the he's out. Don't end our way. You're done today. Have yourself down the Christian fun. All right. Well, your friends away will back you all, though. You're spending your life you're on the gun. When you think of all the benefits you're getting, like we'll be sweeter. When you pack your heaters, you carry your life and suit me deadly. Come on and go on today. Just see you in the right way to remember. Yeah, man. Yeah, man. Yeah. And for the check. And for the head. And there's a wedding of that. Starting your school. You'll go on. We'll see that. And then you'll write to all the. Come on and sign today. And you'll be proud to say you're on the. And all over. One more. Come on. 1031 at 560 WQM Canada makes the case that gun restrictions works as Paul G. Labady in USA today Tuesday August 31 on the op-ed page. Paul Labady is a freelance writer living in Lincoln Park, Michigan, the suburb of Detroit. He says I was crossing the bridge that spans the half mile of the Detroit River, a physical buffer separating Detroit from Windsor on Terio. The lineup at the Canadian customs checkpoint was unusually long. The French troops were marching forward. I finally arrived at the customs agents booth. Citizenship he asks United States. I reply. Are there any firearms in the vehicle on your person? No. The customs agent shine a flashlight behind the seats as he circled my car. You're sure no long guns. Handgun shotguns. No. No. No. I'm in it. But it's none. I replied after a search of my truck and a last looking over. He weighed me through. I later found out the reason for the guards. Concern. Someone had been caught with a gun in Windsor. In Canada, that's all it takes. It's strict policies on gun ownership are strongly enforced and get progressively tougher and even more stringent laws set to go to effect in the year 2001. To argue against the results of their efforts would be full-hardy as there's statistics are to impress it. Now listen to this. Okay. Listen very carefully to these numbers. In 1997 Detroit had 354 firearm homicide, Windsor a thousand yards away had only four. Even taking into account the population difference, Windsor's population is about a fifth of Detroit's. The comparison is still staggering. So that means if you're up there for to 20, it's 354 to 20. And as of July with Detroit opening its first casino, both cities have legalized gambling. It'll be elementary for gamblers to calculate on which side of the river the better odds lie reaching your car into parking lot on scamed. For many Americans, the Canadian solution of handgun banned and restrictions is at the least unpalatable and at the most unconstitutional. Instead of dealing with a situation directly in restricting civilian ownership of handguns, it's become fashionable to pick the group of of one's choice and point the G.A.Q. is a Tory finger. The NRA profiteering gun manufacturers, absentee parents, genetically flawed children, paranoid gun owners, lazy teachers, a fast and loose legal system and a society of victims. A multiple choice public indictment of blame in which since everyone is involved, nobody is accountable. The recent school shootings in Colorado and Georgia have many laying blame on the media pointed television and movies that glorify violence and gunplay and music that's decided to inside a riot of anger, resentment and sarcasm in youths who are barely off their training wheels. But if these mediums are to blame, how did the use of Windsor have such immunity? Watch the same TV stations, go to the same movies, listen to the same music as Detroit kids and yet they have a juvenile crime rate that is a fraction of detroits. The lack of availability of handguns is certainly playing a role. According to the Office of juvenile justice in the United States between 1983 and 1993, juvenile homicides involving firearms grew 182%. By contrast, only 15% increased receipt among homicides involving other types of weapons in the US from 1985 to 1995, 52% of all homicides involved handguns compared with 14% for Canada. Canada's willingness to accept gun restrictions might rise from a history. The settlement of Canada's wild west was far different from the settlement of the United States, and Canada, whatever settlers moved west law in order was already in place in the form of the Hudson Bay Company. From that spawned a culture that was more structured, less creative, less violent and more likely to look to establish authorities for the settlement of disputes. In the United States, however, as the settlers moved west, they found virtually no log-sisted, causing them to take matters in their own hands. Thus, a culture was spawned that was more independent, more creative, more violent and more likely to settle the stout themselves. And when an abundance of numerous and easily available firearms are factored in, the results can be bloody. According to statistics, Canadians in Canada in 1997 had 193 homicides by firearms. That's the whole country, 193. The United States had 12,380. It's hard to change a culture of clearly the easy access to firearms has to be addressed before we can expect any significant drop in our homicide rate. I used to be a member of the National Rifle Association. I had the logo on my car, was skilled in the party in thrust and the period thrust of debates, and was saturated with persuasive data from this organization, which covers statistics more than major league baseball. I'm not a member anymore, not because of any complete radical shift in beliefs, and more from a wearingess, a battle fatigue of being caught in the no-man's land among the immutable NRA, the anti-gun lobby, and the evening news lately filled with terrified schools, children, emergency response crews and black-clad swap teams. Perhaps the time has come to lose our wild west roots, and at least look at the puts some of the same restrictions in our guns that we put on our automobiles in the family dog licensing and registration. On my way back to Detroit, I stopped at the American Customs booth, I faced the US Customs agent. Citizenship he asks, United States, I reply, he waves his hand to pass me on. And I couldn't help but wonder whether the next students getting diplomas would be the class of 2000 or the class of 357. What a great article in US Day Today, August 31, right on target. 354 homicides in Detroit, fire are homicides in 1997, 4 in Windsor, and if you've ever been there, if you've lived there like I have, Windsor is right across the Ambassador Bridge right across the tunnel. You can throw a rock from one side across that he tried wherever to the other side. They're watching like he says, the same TV shows, playing the same video games, the same movies, listen to the same goddamn music, and they're not blown each other away like life is meaningless. How do you explain that all you gun squeezers out there? How do you explain that? Who's the scapegoat now? Except you crazy people that have turned us into a goddamn slaughterhouse. And none of you people care. Everybody thought, oh, why did that little thing? And it was right there on television live and we all walked it and they run their hands and we went on for weeks and weeks and months of gnashing of teeth. And I have the coverage of them going back to school. Everybody thought, oh, well, if anything's ever going to do it, that's going to do it. The people really need pissed off. Are they pissed off? Oh, they give her rats and... Oh, no. Life is his cheapness country as water out of the faucet. It's meaningless. Like stepping out of the honor and deal. That's how much value human life is God. You know, like I said yesterday, punch out those babies, punch out those babies, and if they're getting away while drown them, suffocating, you know, they're not throwing in the woods, throwing in the lake, blow their brains out. That'll teach him. He won't do that again. These are not the acts of civilized saying people. These are the acts of crazy barbaric people. civilized people don't do these things. And you folks, you're so goddamn used to it. You don't care. Maybe that punk will call me again. Oh, yeah. Would you go back to Amsterdam? Did I see anybody get shot while I was there? No. Did I see a gun? No. I hear a gun shot. Did I read a story about anybody getting shot? No. No. No. Or murdered? No. No. I was only ten days. Can you imagine ten days here? One of the last time we went through ten days here in South Florida. Forget about the right to the country. Just here in South Florida. When's the last time we went through ten days without somebody getting blown away? Anybody remember ten day period? No. No. I bet you if you check with law enforcement in South Florida and they didn't Broward, forget about Palm Beach. Just they didn't Broward. They couldn't give you a ten day period in the last ten years when there was at least one homicide. Thank you. 21 before 11 at 5. 60 WQM. You know, 1033 at 5. 60 WQM. So I go through I folded that thing up and I put it in my suitcase and made sure to say because I read it on the plane going on vacation. I come back and I read it and take a look at this response. Yeah. You know, this is the third straight day here. The third day in the world. And I'm convinced beyond a shadow of a doubt. The knee arrived your show on this radio station. It's over, baby. It's history. There's not one call on a board here. Is the transmitter on the idea? Is the transmitter on the ear? Is this a, are we functioning here? Are we, is this just a joke? I mean, this, this is just unbelievable. Even I can't believe this. What's the point? What's the point? I'm going to sit here for the next three years coming in every day to collect a paycheck, batting my head against the wall, trying to force feed people to call and make a, and have an opinion about anything. Can't do it, baby. Can't do it. Will not do it. This town is butchery. You people are unbelievable. That's one thing to be indifferent, but it's another thing to be a professional ostrich. Your heads are buried so deep in a fricking sand. It's terrifying to me. There is nothing that can move these goddamn people. Everything with them is a game. Everything with them is just killing a little time. That's why most people came here. Okay. Just to write out the right to their pathetic little lives. And here I am facing three more years of this. You've got to be nuts if you think I'm going to do this for three more years after these last two days and other first hour here today. If this was any kind of a place with any kind of living and breathing people and thinking people with all the folks that we allegedly have listening, according to all this bogus research. Any one of the things that I brought up here this morning, we'd have a, a Ziggy and people on a wing to talk about it with something to say. But not here, not in La La Land. What do you think about the Adolf and chances of what? What do you think about that? There will worry about it. I heard that crap yesterday on a way home. I heard that garbage. And believe me, garbage would be a compliment. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. Mobile in Miami. How are you doing, Neil? What can I do for a sir? Nothing. I was just listening to you about the guns and stuff like that. I'm a fisher and fisherman. I go out of fish and I guess you could possibly think that like when fishing, you know, people like the fish down there have to like, you know, predators and prey. I guess the people with the guns or the predators and the other people that are leading a normal life are the prey. I don't know. I don't know if it's kind of crazy. If you don't see too many people getting murdered with treble hooks, they're lately. No. No. Okay. Okay. Okay. Be sure and watch where you stick your worm. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the mobile line. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Yes, sir. I haven't caught a whole lot of this morning, but I did hear you talking about the violence and what had you. What would be your proposal? What do we do to end this kind of violence? What do we do? Take the guns away. Take all of these guns. Take away a Saturday night specials. Take away all these assault weapons. Get the, and less somebody's got a permit to carry a gun. Take a look at what they're doing in Canada. Other civilized countries and make it extremely difficult for anybody to have a firearm. That's what we do. We did that in England. They took away this about everything. And violence, violent crime in England has triple since they've done it. Yeah, I'm what about in Canada, which is a lot of a lot closer than England. You know, and just, I'll, I'll make a point. Did you hear the article? I just got you reading my NRA friend or not. I didn't hear what, no. What would what happened in Canada? 567.0560. Pound 560 on the mobile line. Here's a lot of Hill. Hello. Oh, Neil has a gun. Okay. I mean, I just got through in the article five minutes ago. So this guy, he hasn't even been listening long enough to get the gist of it. But all he heard me say was some anti gun line. And right away, he's calling it would just got an NRA propaganda. He's probably got his leaflet out right now. Get ready to read from it. Go ahead. That's what I'm just going to hit on. I know that, I'll, let's look back. Guys, getting his information from the NRA and that are from the real facts. Because in England, just like many other free nations in Europe and Canada and touch, one thing you didn't mention is that hunting is legal. And so a hunting rifle. What is going to take that away from you? You want to go hunting? That's fine. But that's England, Canada, another place is from England. I'm not just less. This significantly less than anywhere in the United States. And that's hunting when you were talking about it before you didn't mention is that yes, no one's going to take for you hunting rifle. 847 is headed in that special. That'll take away. Yeah. And let me ask you this. How many people need to have hunting rifles to survive in this country? How many people are living in a wilderness and need to go out and hunt down dinner? Not many of it. Did you look for sport and sometimes, you know, it's great. But like I could see how they would want to have a... Well, you know something I can see how a lot of people want to have a lot of things. But the most important thing is that civilized people should want to live in a country where other people aren't going to blow their crap away. Okay, sir. That's very simple. There's nothing convoluted about it. There's nothing complicated about it. People who are civilized who value their own lives don't want to live in a country where every crazy person can run around with a gun. Whether it's a rifle, a handgun, an ozee. This has got to stop. This is madness. And you're meaning nothing around. That's a need by the mood by the map. Yeah. They want to have. Well, you know something tough crap. There's a lot of things I want to have to. And I'm not going to have them. What I'd love to have is a civilized society of people who have some value on human life. And especially people who can't defend themselves like old people and like little kids who are getting blown away every single day. And you don't care. It's a big, big, big joke. And I have a t-shirt. Yeah, that guy still squeeze themself out there. Probably out of sin in the t-shirt so we can wipe themself off with it. He squeezed themself so hard. Very funny, pal. Really amusing. That's why this is law law land. That's why this place. Everybody laughs at this place. Like that thing with a pan of American games. There's a letter to the editor in a paper this morning. I wouldn't even waste my time reading it on here. It's so pathetic. It's so typical from some professional Cuban. About all we should have had the games here. So then I'll win all these Cuban athletes. The fact that we can have them here. We have to be more careful. More clever. There has to be, you know, a method to our madness. Not because it would be good for the community and for the economy to have the pan and games. And not for this to be a sensor ridden than Adam, a republic. Not for that reason, no. But for some other psychotic selfish reason. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers, hello. Is this for the Fort Myers? Yes, sir. I'm sorry. I'm going through a trouble right now. Yeah. I am so depressed listening to you reading articles and talk about people killing their babies. This is unbelievable. And people think guns are good in this country and we should be able to get guns that should be nearly impossible for their average guy to get a gun. I don't care if they got charged someone $10,000 and they have a psychological profile done to each kid. Trying to get one. I should not be able to walk into the came or and buy a shotgun shell, box shotgun shells and shotgun and walk out and go pick my target. You can say, I'm sick of it. I'm sick of people killing babies, braving babies, having babies, and no one's doing anything about it. If you kill her baby soon, it's fishy. I knew when those babies, when those kids died, if you know somebody got that tape over that data, the news, you know, she's on the news talking about losing her babies. She smiled, you know, she smirked and that's sad. You're told my wife right there. I said, that crazy bitch killed her babies. And this is insane. She's alive. She's stuck it up money and they're okay. And that's how they're doing. To keep these people alive too. I'm sick of it. It's a bunch of crap. I don't know what to do. I don't know how to make it harder for some Jack-Ax walking to came on by a rifle. I don't know how to do that. But I don't want anything. Any asshole out there, I think she can just should be able to walk in and buy a gun. She goes shoot a thousand. You know what? You can kiss my ass. Because that country is going to help. Yeah. Yeah. Let him kiss the thousand. Give the gun to the president. Let the president shoot his ass. Thank you. You want to go on a barrel with a buck knife. Making it even battle. Okay. Take the chance of dying yourself. I knew face for a meal. Yeah. Am I a thing in five? Five. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile line. Whatever. I'm going to have to get in the habit of not saying that. Because you know what happened to mobile one. I don't say that. Next thing you'll be saying. Roll. Looking for a job at a bathroom down the other end of the year. You think that a guy like him that's basically just a figurehead here gets paid for walking around basically doing nothing. You think he'd be pretty happy, but evidently not. But who might have said? It's just a rumor, of course. Here's a mobile and cross-brings. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. The problem of country is everybody's greedy. And they just don't give it down. If you go to Canada and you just walk around the streets of Toronto, look how clean it is. Right. I can't you go to any other major city in the end of the United States. Or most major cities in the United States and to the same thing. They just don't give it down here. It's unfortunate, but everybody's gotten greedy. They clean and they want more. Or anything. And in more. If you can walk the streets in Toronto any time of the day or night. Anytime. You go take the heat and take the subway any time of the night. Right. You can anywhere you need to go. But they just don't care here. It's never going to change because the politicians are coming off. I'm not going to have to do it. People get upset with me when I tell them this is a horsecraft second rate country. How can they get upset with me about that? I want to live somewhere in the P.A.L. or civilized. Because they can vent on you. If you would jab bush on the radio right now. They'd be calling, I'm telling you what a great person you are. Because it's all bunch of crap. If you're going to get something in the end. What if you're going to get something in the end? All right. Right. Exactly. Okay. All right. See you. Got to hear the queen. 560, 560, 560, 160, 1.1 line. Mobile line. Mobile line. Here's North Miami. Hello. Miami. Yes sir. Neil. I'm a gunhugger and I'll tell you why. Uh-huh. Down on 79 Street back when you were in I.O.D. Yeah. The day after I left there. I don't know if you remember land use less ground. What were the first time? Land use to be the next of the crap. Oh, yeah. Sure. Yeah. They got knocked off. Two guys got thrown in the cooler gunpoint. These guys are, you know, a week later, a lady got shot at the bus stop. That's the bus stop that I used to go to every day. Mm-hmm. I'm from Maine. In Maine. We don't have to tote guns. We have guns. We don't go around shooting people. I've gotten down here in Meal. I've been robbed three times since I've been down here in five years. Yeah. I got on the metro rail. What's the difference between Maine and here? People don't go around shooting people. They're civilized. And why is that? You think that there's a difference in the proposition in Maine? And what we have is. You're damn scippy. I'm down on the metro rail down by the Maine. You're on the out. People move it out. Uh-huh. It's an over-town take down. These guys told guns on me. If I had I'd stay. And over that. And they've got a certain ring with you. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I think people should get loud to on themselves. I mean, granted your story is awesome. They Detroit across the line in Canada. But you know how we're going to keep guns out of the United States. They're already here. Yeah. No. I'm not saying that there's any answer for a pejeeze. It's quite a thing people start getting pissed off about. Oh, god. I don't want to be able to protect my interest in the land. A couple of days ago. We had the three-year-old kid that got shot and killed on Sunday. I think it was. And then on Tuesday, we got the five-year-old boy to get shot by the father. He's pissed off with the mother and he's going to show her a thing or two. I mean, it's goes on here every single day. It does. He knows. You know, I mean, people got to be responsible. I'm all full of legislation. That's a legislation for the father and till they came down here. And I came down here. And I got robbed three times. Got him. I'm going to be hugging my gun, Dad. Yeah. I'm going to be hugging. Well, let me ask you. Do you have to have automatic weapons to defend yourself? No. Well, then why the hell is it? Why are the hell are people by those things that gun shows still? I agree with you. I think it should be all the way. But don't take away the guns from the decent people. I want to be able to protect myself. Now I understand what you're saying. I've been robbed three times. Yes. I've been down here. Over time. I've been here five years, three times in public places. Yeah. 79 street. Down by the tiny hills. I mean, public places. I've been robbed. I don't ever go by the hill. That's the worst place. Damn skipping. Okay, well, those dunes coming from work. Damn skipping. Okay, hang in there. Okay, good luck. These were main dams. Kippie. 560560. You ever hit that before? Damn, no. I had a dog name. Skye, well, actually my mother had a dog name. Skye, she had him put this loop. 560560. Pomp 560 on a mobile line. It's 1056 at QAM. Now, Dr. Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scrubs. My T.O.C. Dr. Burnham? A scrub of the guy that thinks he's fly. Also known as a fucca. Always talking about what he wants. Just fit them in broke air. So no, I don't want your number. No, I don't want to give you mine. And no, I don't want to meet you nowhere. No, I don't want none of your time. And no, I don't want no scrub. A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me. Hang it up a passenger side of his best friend's ride. Try and follow at me. No scrub. No scrub. No no. No scrub. No no no no. No scrub. No no. No no. No. No. It's 11. I want to find you. If you don't, that's another group by the way that better not get any awards tonight is T.O.C. Oh, God. Gagny with a spoon. But at any rate, you know, I'm looking at the picture. And I know this be a lot of people like to call me a racist. Whatever it go right ahead, be my guest. But there is a disproportionate amount of these kinds of stories in this country. Involving exactly what you do with your face right now. Involving people of color. And I'm looking at this story from Little Rock, Arkansas. And yes, Susan Smith that I mentioned before she was white. She was white and she played it on some imaginary black person. But there is too much of this. What kind of culture do we have in black America? What do we got? Of course, in plantation here a couple of weeks ago before one of the vacation. That was a white guy, remember? And the NRA people were excited because he killed his kids. Didn't even use a gun. So they were real thrilled about that. Oh, you see it happens once in a while without a gun. All right. But there is something desperately wrong when you got, you know, used to be people were concerned about somebody else killing their children. Now they're killing their own children. And epidemic proportions. And I would say, you know, again, just pick a number out of my head. I'll be generous. I'd say 75% of the stories that I see here in South Florida. These kinds of stories that the people who are accused are of color. Does that mean that more white people are getting away with it? That we live in that racist of a society where there's something basically wrong in a culture where people are baby making machines and by the way, this particular couple that have been accused of tossing the 18 month old kid to die in a wilderness and probably tossing his two and a half year old brother to a death in a lake in Little Rock. They don't have the same last name, by the way. Just mention that in passing. That's another American epidemic. Kind of like the father of our country there. Who's making babies left and right? John, Alex, where in Shantley, Harrell accused of leaving their toddler son to die in the woods also suspected of drowning his brother. They do not be married, but they be having babies, which is now the American F and way all over the place. Baby making people. Here's a mobile and baby, hello. Yes, sir. I'm a black man live out here in David and Trayla Park and I'm a little new show. I have to keep the gun. I need to keep the gun. Yeah. Protect myself out here. Protect yourself from what? We have a lot of these red nates, cowboys out here. They break in my house three or four times already. Uh-huh. And I shot one. I'll see you look at the other two. Okay. We'll call this back after you get him. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile line. Right. Evander Holy Molyfield, a his name is K.P. Produced a moment to father of our country. Who said like 427 kids by 427 different ones. Plus a few by his wife or his ex wife or whatever it was. And now he's a preacher, baby. He's a preacher. He's out there more lies than everybody else. Tell them that to do God's good work. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. Good morning. When is this? I did you happen to see you saying we're here in Microsoft. No, I'm 60 minutes on the concealed weapon permit for Florida. Yes. Uh, let's please, star. Which is, he's a resident of the New York state. He took the course for X amount of dollars for those charged. Not even being there resident of Florida. He took the course. It was a course. Class, mixed up with a mixture of half man, F1. The instructor getting the course and not one sternness to our period. What do he speak for? Even handle it, pistol. Right. Even handle it, don't. Right. And there were a few devices that possess these weapons now. And when class, when the instructor turned around, it was just right. A few was a flight instructor. He instructed these people. They're now pilots. But would he fly with them? And the course they answer was no. Why cannot they give a little more strength and see. Please, people, I'm possessed. Let me ask you this. Would anybody give you a driver's license without a lease taking a test? I mean, I'm a good test. But they sure is helping you get drivers license without taking the drivers test. Exactly right. When you get a little driver's license, you have to prove that you can drive. You see, these and our rape people, with their second amendment, phony arguments, they present this kind of image of a country where you should be able to walk in a 7-11. Just like you can buy M&Ms in one counter and buy guns in an ammunition and another counter. Without any restrictions whatsoever. And you said, no, when you have to go and drive a license, you have to get in the car and physically drive the car. Right. That's right. And show that you're proficient, at least enough down here, which isn't saying much. But at least enough to a wheelething around on the highway. And not these people, because that's the right. It's the opposite. On these are the people I'm leaving the buttons on attend, and all of what it's children are picking them up. It's done to make me ashamed to be a resident of Florida. Okay, pal. How was it, Dave? You're lucky to us. I don't want to get too morbid or model in here today, do I? Oh, no, I don't. Talk about the M&M music awards later. I'll give you my picks. My picks for each award. Okay, so anyway. Let's go to a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, what do you think about this new law going through putting the penalties for using a gun and a robbery shooting again or shooting somebody? There's what's a 10, 15, 20? What do you feel about that? Do you think that's going to slow down some of these guns? No. It's not going to stop people from killing their kids with guns that they have laid around. Yeah, but it might make them think a little bit harder. Do you think that this guy that shot his five-year-old son yesterday in the middle of an argument with the wife? Do you think that he would have thought harder about the... You think he's even thinking about how much time he's going to have to do? No, what kind of a person's sir takes a gun because he's having a domestic dispute with his wife and blows away a defensive five-year-old kid. Is that a thinking person? Is this somebody who's got reason? No. So how can we allow this person to have access to a gun? Well, that's the foundation of the country. We're a revolutionary government. We took over a government with guns. You got to go back to the... That's the foundation. Yes, sir. Let me ask you if we changed anything. We also had slavery back in the days you were talking about. We also had women didn't have the right to vote. You know, as time goes on, you have to evolve. You have to make laws based on the reality of the life that you're living in. And not something that happened 200 years ago. That's an entire old argument. Well, yeah, that's a tired old argument. And back in back then, and back in colonial days, by the way, sir, a very small percentage of the population had any firearms. Oh, I know. They weren't that very easy to get hold of. Right. We were with 270 million people in 232 million guns, which averages out to about one per every adult. It ain't working, pal. No, it sure is not working very well. I have to agree with you on that. But you got to start somewhere. And hopefully this will be a start. People will get an idea of maybe don't do that. Okay, anything is better than nothing. You got that. Okay. Thank you. See you. 560, 560. Can't be the man because you got the politicians. And then this is a disgrace that you people out there were loudest to go on. Because you don't care. I just don't understand what kind of people I'm living with here. Who think that this is okay? Like the article that I read here from USA today said, Here you got one side of the Detroit River is Detroit Michigan. The other side is Windsor on Terriol in 1997. 354 people get blown away with handguns in Detroit. Windsor has a fifth of the population. Four people you killed in the same year. So you multiply times five. You're going to get rid of the number of people you've been in. You see a little bit of a discrepancy there. And let me say it again. The people in Windsor are watching the same TV shows. The same movies. The kids are listening to the same music on a radio playing the same video games. And they're not blown each other away. Because they don't have a number one. Maybe they also have a different cultural upbringing, which wasn't in that article that very definitely is true. Because the Canadians aren't a violent people like the Americans are. But even if they were, they don't have easy access to guns. Oh, we don't care about this. We just wanted to know what the stock market you're going to go up today. 9 minutes after 11 at 5.50. WQAM. Gordon did South Florida a major blow job. Listen to me. He's just stand by and speak for self-hacking. And it's stand where everything is held to the high, so-fucking standards. The selection is in just huge. It's so fucking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And so-fucking is present on just low. They're so fucking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I take so-fucking as a beautiful store, I mean so-fucking beautiful. When I take a step in helpful, I mean so-fucking helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the so-fucking and enjoy a selection that's so-fucking huge. A stack that's so-fucking courteous. And try to use that as so-fucking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied, custom-up, frank, and stine. So-fucking good. Yo, set it fracking so-fucking good. You said it, 11.15 at 5.50. WQAM. We got high-globered, get plywood, just after noon from 2 to 6. 5 to 6. We'll have B-no, cooked-talking college football. And speaking of college football, you got your hurricane hotline from 6 to 8 from monies in the grove. And then 80-clock till 10 that we've got the B-no blank. Maybe we'll just sign offer two hours. We got nobody to do those two hours. And then 10 to 2 Ed Kaplan at the Princess Casino probably didn't get any of our gamblers out there. Maybe that woman will call in Ed Kaplan at the 1-inch Chicago that suffocated her little kid so she could get the $200,000 insurance policy. Maybe he didn't call in tonight. Here's a mobile and a home sound. Hello. Oh, Neil, yeah. Yes, sir. Hey, man. I say, uh, I think you'd be able to just wave your hand and solve all the world's problems. Yes, sir. You know, there's just too many handouts out there. Too many people want something for nothing and I want to take responsibility. I just, uh, What was I had to do was shooting your kids? Well, the problem is with all the problems and laws are being on the block. Everybody gets away free from it. They don't have to pay for their, uh, yeah. They had D. Well, there's no question about that. But listen, we got to have all those jail cells for the marijuana smokers. Don't you understand that? We got to cross the street on the wrong side or something. Yeah, because you walkers, yeah. They take the whole lot of sand. Right. But you know, a crazy guy. And it's not from people, right? Yeah. Well, yeah, you got that. You know, somebody drinks beer after 12 o'clock. The crazy people are going to be crazy no matter what. But there's just too many of them in this country. Now they just, they've got to be taking care of. Yeah, they got to put them away. Okay, pal. I'm getting a butterfly. Now, I'm going to go out and round them up after work. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the mobile line. Is that making me a racist? Because I said, uh, the way it is. Oh, it's too bad. See, how come it was the same way when I was an Amsterdam again. I made special notice of that this time because I try not to be bigoted. But how come it was that the, the only people I saw creating problems out there in the streets. The only people I saw being taken away by the Amsterdam police. And I don't, I don't think that they are alleging they're really racist over there. They don't have a reputation for that. We're a dark conflict. What is it in black culture? And how, and interesting enough in countries where they do educate. They're a black people. Canada where they don't have a lot of black people. That was mentioned there's just a few weeks ago. You take a look at Peter Roel. Here's an article today at a paper, Roel gets a chance on a top line. Which you won't last there, but nevertheless he speaks like like I speak. Donovan Bailey, any other Canadian athletes, grandfee or any of the hockey players who are black Canadians. They speak like I'm speaking. They speak the same way as everybody else here. They don't speak boobonics. They aren't uneducated. And I hate to break the news to you. But the less educated people are, the more likely they have to be leaving their kids in the woods. And throwing them into a lake. Not that Susan Smith was trailer trash, of course. Or anything like that. Uneducated people making babies. That's the American effing way. And how about just like this kid? I mean, just the story since I've come back. I came back on Monday afternoon today is only Thursday. And just the stories I'm hearing about since I came back. Or enough to make you want to get back on a plane and say, Just take me out of here. I don't care where. Just give me the hell out of here. That Haitian kid that the cut hit by the car and is in a coma still. And the foster mother, well, they couldn't be bothered reporting that he was missing. Anyone they thought out he was in the hospital in a coma. They slammed the door into people's face. Don't bother us. We'll get, we'll take care of it. I mean, it's easier and hell to make babies. So you can call all the time to give me this bag. It's tough. Thank God for us, Bag. It's okay. At least when I make it all these unwanted babies. Hallelujah to the bag. That's what I say. Hallelujah to Ricky Martin. Right. Although the pole piece still hasn't figured it out. That it just don't work that way. You can't make a baby in your bathroom. Just still hasn't figured it out. Here's a big harbor. Hello. Any meal? Yes, sir. Yeah. I mean, let me try to, you know, ask the answer to this question about the black. But, you know, I live on the South Side Chicago. When I live here in Miami now four years. Yeah. And I think, you know, the thing is black don't give back to the neighborhood after they become successful. At least, I mean, like, you know, the few like Tim James, he'll get back to Liberty City and whatnot. But, yeah. And you know, until I grew to you and till black proved me otherwise when they move in, whites run and everybody else runs. And the neighborhood goes down. And it's almost like, you know, everything just turns into, you know what? And so, I mean, I guess, I guess that's what that happens when, you know, with this town, with this town. I don't know if it's a, you're going to get more crap happening down here than you will in a lot of the Northern City. Because you can give you more more than in Detroit or Chicago? Well, Detroit. I don't think Detroit has a Detroit. Detroit has always had a problem because Detroit downtown the city proper is destroyed. It's a war zone. Right. But Chicago didn't wait for 32 years since people decided to burn up their own city. I ran out. Yeah. And they ran out. Now, with Chicago, they at least tried to build up the downtown. And now, all of a sudden, high park over there by the University of Chicago has become and where's something again? Yes. They're taking it back. But see, I'm a gun owner. I'm a gun owner. I'm a gun owner. I'm a gun owner. I'm a gun owner. I'm a gun owner. I don't know. I don't know. And you know what? I own it because I'm afraid of random acts of violence. You know, and you know what? I guess it's just like one gun creates another gun. It just feeds off another. We, you know, when somebody sees something on the TV about somebody getting, or if you listen to them on the radio about on 79th street health, I would have been very harbor. When you think about that, one time two years ago, I was at the light at 79th street and then the skein. There's these two guys chasing each other with handguns in the hands. They just, they run in right across the intersection. They weren't shooting his running. I was like, what that, you know, what is it? And if you don't think immigration has an effect on... It was probably just trying to find something's market. I mean, immigration has a use effect in Miami. Yeah. And you know, a lot of my Cuban friends that their parents immigrated here, you know, in the 1950s, I can't believe, but they have a lot of them carried guns in their trunk. I mean, it's a totally different way of looking at things. Well, that's that redneck thing. You know, I said, much of a redneck thing. Yeah, so much a male thing. But like I was talking about boxing yesterday and how barricade is. And I was listening to the Hank and most of the, I'm not saying that only Cubans are in the boxing because a lot of our anger is over there with two. But two women, especially our heavily in the boxing because it's that much more than a group of people. Right. You know, let's beat the crap out of it. You know, and sit there and move on front of the TV, send a much blood and guts we can see. Yeah. It makes you feel like a real man even though you're not. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, it sounds like we can both solve a lot of the world's problems. But, you know, after I'm done, my master's at UM, I'm debating whether I want to stay here because, you know, I don't know. First of all, I don't want to say it shouldn't be a very long debate. Now, the thing is about here is the weather is just the best. But when I first moved down, you know, as you talk about this, Broward's saying, I live in Broward when I first moved down. But when I started to go to UM, I live in Bay Harbor now. But, you know, Broward and Palm Beach are just totally different environments. It's the slower there. They're older. Yeah. They're not real old. They're not just rage element. You know what I mean? Yeah. Well, it's hard to be that angry when you're old. You know, and even if you are that angry, it's hard to do anything about it. Hey, I love you, show, and thanks a lot. And have a great day. And good luck to you, sir. You'll need it. Hey, we got the, for the first time, Panthers, Preseason broadcast here on QAM, September 16th against Nashville, joined in progress after the Marlins game, of course. Because everything takes a second seed to the Marlins games. That's what us cavemen say. September 17th, 21st, and 20 fourth games, all the 730 starts will be on Waxy 790, which is McDonald. My good close personal friend, Jigs McDottled. Oh, a good guy. He's a good guy. And much better than Christine Moore. Oh, heck. You know, come on. Be nice. Can't you be nice? No. Just for once. 5, 6, 7, 0, and I'll tell you who's great is Mark Vandermer, who does the U of M games. A lot of people told me about that. I haven't heard his work yet. But I hear he's dynamite. Nice gone, Greg. It's about that. He did something that had to do with radio. And where's my back speed voice tickets, by the way. Mr. Hotshot. Well, I'm telling you, that man, I'm, I'm so live it. I'm just fooling at the mouth over this guy. Here's Hialia. Hello. There's a gun there, Neil. Okay, sir. There's a gun there. Let me say it again. Great. Yeah. What about this guy? You came off the, uh, off the rack earlier or something that caught his mind. When I think Chrome Avenue for a hudder strike. And he gets to the bus to the day before yesterday. He got busted. Snatching the chain off somebody. All right. Great. Let me let. Yeah. So what's going on with these people? What do you mean what's going on? What does that mean? Oh, is that a good one understand? We have a response. Hey, stop it. We have a responsibility for that. What is that? What is going on here? That's him. Oh, that's you. Okay. That's him doing that. I'm under a window. I'm coming from. Well, Alunatek. Well, he's in Hialia. What do you expect? He's in the foreign country. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile line. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. I want to say some about the gun issue. Huh? Basically, all these people, you know, they got the Cubans. You got the nags. You got all these people that come in this country. They even checked for backgrounds. You know what I'm saying? Have these people with the bad things or the guns or the the the the Cubans? The minorities. You know what I mean? Yeah. You got to look. Look at the. How many Cubans are living in a little rock archens? Are they coming? They're kids in the woods. How many were they all the stuff? They're going to get them. Yeah. Yeah. You got to point two pal. It's right at the top of your head. Call the Dunscat. Oh, here's that spot by the way on MTV. Abercrabian fish with the wrestlers. And if anybody just ended guns, The good thing I saw that on there again. Abercrabian fish are God. They've no much to think about that. Well, an old fact like me, I wouldn't say that would not. But if you have any doubts about the factory of wrestling high school college or professional wrestling, but especially your old man. Just take a look at that Abercrabian fish spot. And you'll say, oh yeah, and you'll just got a point. Uh huh. You'll be saying it. Uh huh. You'll say it. In fact, I look at some of the wrestlers in that spot. And I say, yeah. 26 past 11 at 5. 60 WKM. Are we going to solve this problem here on a radio? Yeah. No, but at least get pissed off about it. Okay. At least get your blood. At least get your goddamn body temperature about 60 degrees would be good. We don't respect 98.6. We don't even respect 98 degrees. And how come they're not nominated tonight, by the way? You jackass. Oh yeah, I know they're no a Lauren Hill. Yeah, she can sure say in Cancie. No. Couldn't sing a lot about paper check. That's our poll question today. By the way, who's more embarrassing Ricky Martin or Lauren Hill? He's got a bitter haircut. Marginally. 26 after 11 at 5. 60 WKM. On by the way, in Recia, I hate to break the news today. You're I know you're doing a new job. You got that 25 minute dollar contract. I love you even more than ever. You're a gigantic all over the world by law. And the video. But that haircut's got to go as we are. He's got that. Remember when we said that for about five minutes, somebody told him that was that Faggy attending haircut. You know, that's what Ricky is supporting these days. Well, it's probably, well, it's kind of like the Greg Reed haircut. 26 after 11 at 5. 60 WKM. Ah fuck. Hi. Oh. Quick. Open my mouth. I'm such a beautiful singer. I sing, girl, all the guys they want me from the old to the teenager. Right, Tom? I am hot, I have to stay. Think you're good, my acting's over, take out I'm a good. I have a chance with the fear of singing. I got so tree-bed you mind and a body like you showed. You're my self and creamy side, had I keep you never know. To see me is to once meet. Got up a tattooed me, my daughter's tattooed me. You've been me all over MTV. Now that is 40 years, I know you want me. You're a good singer. You're a good singer. Oh, right. Let's have a look at the three and five six to go. Take it in a special note this morning. By the way, that is usual. We haven't had one woman call around us. Because anytime I bring up a subject about crime and little kids being killed and shot, etc. Do we have any women call? Kind of interesting isn't it? Maybe the women out there are mostly just baby punching out machines. Just kind of masturbation receptacles. There you go. So in any way, the Madonna by the way, that video is up for one. Where the hell is it? Oh, best female video. And that's my pick by the way. I love that video. The song is very good. The video is sensational. What are you turning your nose up? I don't like it. I was nodding. You were going to like that. You know, like that. Austin's funny. Well, best female video. Lauren Hill, do what that thing. Yeah, yeah. No, forget her. Jennifer Lopez, if you had my love. Now her, it's her too small. Madonna, beautiful stranger, which is not the Jennifer Lopez video. I will say this. It's well done. It's a well done. It looks good. But I like beautiful stranger. And Britney Spears, baby one more time, which we just got through watching. And that's not her. That's not the one you're both for. No. The other one with the green. Sometimes I know the new one crazy with the green thing. Well, that's that's too new. And I'm sure there a lot of guys are crazy. See, and of course, if you watch, baby one more time, was that the name of the one, the first one we just watched? Yeah. For first video, that was before the, uh, boob job. Before she got the big, it's that she just, she George is Conjector, and did she just wake up in the morning. And it kind of like overnight. No, I don't think so. So it was big sarcastic. No. No kidding. So was I. You're just embarrassed that I repeated it on the air. That's what you're embarrassed about. Robbie on the spot says the Michael Russo invited by Halle's In Quebec for the guy that called yesterday. You weren't Quebecster when you called, not an Ontario. Where the panthers are doing their thing. That Robbie on the spot. Michael Russo, he ought to be embarrassed again. Every year, how many years in a row is this? About 100 years in a row. We've read the same article about how Robbie need to Mars on the spot. And this is the year he's going to be tougher and more aggressive. And uh, give me a break. Okay. Well, how you got to do is just we print the same article from last year. That's all. Where are we going? We're going to Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. We're going to Windsor by now. Uh, you, a look for Farrow Batchy Boystick. What do you mean, my still looking for? I'm in my buddy's office. He's got companies got tickets. So give them to you. Just trade you for something you want to trade for. Farrow Center. I'm supposed to, front row center. Yes. For sure, center. Well, what am I going to give them? I'll fax you over the tickets on your fax. You'll see where the tickets are. That they're in the front row. Facts you deceitting chargons. Where they are. Right. Maybe a few live spots. Hey, alright. I'm serious. I can't do that. They're going for $1,000 a ticket. Well, Greg, we claim that he's got the tickets for me. But if I haven't been to the United, you're here for him. He doesn't. We've got their six front row seats left here. Well, facts them over to me. facts over the, uh, some facts to tickets over. You'll see exactly where they are and, and go from there. Okay. Okay. Would you, do you, do I talk to George about the facts number? Yeah, hold on. Yeah, give them the number. Okay. And tell them they're going to be damn good. I'm going to give him live spots. 560, 750, 550 on a mobile line. Here's a mobile in the homestead. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. In the fade of West Virginia, you can indeed walk into a 711 store and buy a ammunition. All right. Not only that, you can buy the M&Ms. Yes. No, actually it's just a concept. These are clear plaques of graphs from hard whiskey. They can sell whiskey in 711. Yes. Yeah. Jack Daniels, wow. Oh, Jack Daniels in a, uh, case of shotgun shells to go play. Nice. I love it. It's redefining convenient stores. Okay. Thanks. See in Charleston. Well, what a horrible place to have must be, huh? West Virginia, I think I've been through there like real fast. Hey, are we going to what you called to a Mississippi by the way? No, a lot of things. Come on, let's go. You got to be more adventurous and you'll be able to tell everybody what a great place is. See, what that guy who called me yesterday doesn't want to understand and what I'm only a lot of other people to understand. If you've been to Las Vegas, going to Vegas just doesn't mean walking into a casino and playing what crafts or roulette or blackjack or sloth. That's going to Vegas is an experience. You don't just walk into, like you keep saying, all of the one place is just like being in Belageau. I don't even like the Belageau, okay? And for that very reason, because it's generic, it's sterile. It's like the inside of a band-aid box. You know, I mean, it's glitzy and it's brand new and it's got, you know, all kinds of sparkly stuff, but it could be any place. It's generic. But they just don't get it. 560, 50560, palm 560 on a mobile line. No women. Nobody cares if they blow your kids away. They're all sitting out there like that. Of course, yours likes it when they go, like that. 22 before noon at five. So by the way, where do I have this lunch? What lunch? I don't know, but we better start thinking about it. I'm out of practice for this. I'm fat as a cow. I don't really care what we'll do. And don't get any. Okay, you're just sit there, watch me. I've done that many days. I think that can be. How about some subs? Some of the time. And see, I don't want to get started with this again, because you just don't understand it. How is it possible for anybody to be so I can understand? I don't understand. I think we demonstrated the last time. Just like yesterday, remember Atlantic City Studies, here with our one. Do you want me to tell them to just bring the, um, the sandwiches that we like as opposed to those other ones that we don't, that we just pick around? I'll hold you talking about Atlantic City Sums. Well, why can't we get Chuck? Some of that in Sums. Or we can eat either one, whichever one will be here soon, which I would think would be Chuck since he's right across the street on the corner. I've very rodent 441. Okay. Okay. What? I'll call Chuck. Yeah. Can't they just set us a bunch of Italian subs, you know? Uh huh. Slice up with toothpicks and not with the stuff taken out and put in the yard. You know what I'm saying? I'm sure they could swing that. Great. It's not. 21, before 12 at 5, 60, WQM all of a sudden. You're a f***. Hi. I met you for a few for Dan's liquor and guns. We have the largest selection of booze and firearms in the state and will personally assist you in choosing the Crutch Duccaholic Beverjand weapons for your next outing. Go and square a hunt and then you'll love our low prices on Shnapps and Hangerine. Live in the city. Shnappadar, CEO on hands on to tell a 41. Maybe you aren't interested in hunting or self defense. Maybe you just like to get drunk and shoot a failboxer. Well, we've got Gallen-Jazz Wild Turkey and 44 Magnum Shales on sale. They speak only. We're open 24 hours. We've never checked out these and we're in our air proof. So come on down to Buford. Let's go. Let's go and gun. What everything leaves loading. All right, 12, 4, 8, 3, 5, 60, WQM. By the way, you and our AP put in save your energy and your effects paper. Our effects paper too because I don't read your effects. Is that your own right in the circular file as soon as I see what they are? I don't waste my time with the reading facts as for mental defectives. Anyway, be sure and join 2A in broadcasting live from hockey fest 99 this Saturday from noon to 5 PM and join interactive games meet the Panther players and much more at the National Carwin Arena. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile 1. A mobile line. Mobile online. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, Leo. Yes, Todd. Two things. First of all, Lady who, the foster mother, she did notify the proper. The police never thought he never notified the police. She was right. Secondly, yeah. I was born raised here. I was born raised in Kerala City. I tell people that when I grew up there was cows across the street from my house, I mean, I actually, you know, there was nothing. There was actually no real areas. I mean, people don't believe me. Back in the first wave of tubans when they came in, they started to own up used matchbox houses. It was an all white neighborhood. All of a sudden, here comes the Cuban company. And you're right. Here goes the white people started moving out. I'm, you know, my parents were one of them. Right after the white started moving out, the black started moving into the area because they were driving down the cost of the Cuban, the driving down the cost of the house. So, you know, you are right on that aspect. And as far as, you know, the, the done control and the animations like that, I just, it just blows my mind that anybody can walk at the right to the other guys. So, I can walk in the Kmart or if walking the target and I can buy a gun, walk out on the street and just start shooting people. Yeah. Because my boss, they have a bad day in the stock market just going to the office and start blowing people away. Exactly. Exactly. As much pressure as there is on people at the end today, I mean, especially there's more pressure and people today in the workplace than it was back 10, 15 years ago because everything now is bottom line. It's always been bottom line. But, I mean, everybody's down-size and then, you know, it's just it's astronomical. And I mean, it's, there's got to be some kind of control over this. I appreciate it, Neil, and you have a good day. And back to you. Right, but. Okay. Starting to slim out again real bad. 5, 6, 7, if we had one woman today at, No. I'm embarrassed for you people, you know, you mothers out there. I'm really embarrassed for you because, like I said, every time this kind of thing comes up, there's not a single woman that's got anything to say about it. Oh, and you know, guns, that's a man's issue. Yeah, right. Huh? Sure, whatever you say. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pump 5, 6, the automobile line. Here's for my, as hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I just start listening to you. I lived here in beautiful Fort Myers. I wanted to either newly wed him bread and early dead. Huh? And I had to say, I'm all first of all, I was in a comp, and I said, It's good if you're, you know, you know, have come with half the season. But I wasn't going to tell you about him. I don't agree with you about the, the black thing so much as being, I mean, I'm going to be a black thing, like, kind of a cultural thing. Like, what's going on here in, in Lee County, for instance, we have a, this thing called Lamp, which is, uh, Lee Adlescent Mothers program. Yeah. But they're not allowed to teach you about birth control in the school, but they have daycare centers. At various high school, so you can, the girls can go to school with their rails and them and children. That's their way of doing what the problem. Uh-huh. I mean, it didn't, that's stupid. I'm like, trailer trash mentality to me. Well, yeah, that's pretty, pretty rough. Second amendment's more important than the first amendment. I mean, we do have large groups of under-educated people, whether they're trailer trash, or whether they're black people who just have had no education and have, you know, don't understand what mainstream values are all about and just make babies and just, don't care about the repercussions of it. This is what you've got. I'm really sorry. I got to call me the line. Okay. All right. Well, I, I'm going to keep listening to you. The sportmires need a big fat of noxious gauge you on the air. What you got it. All right. Thank you. I'm going to be back with what you need. Five, six, seven, five, six. We're going to have a woman here today. You think? No. No. We don't care if you blow our kids away. Okay. We're too busy. We're going to came. We're going to Walmart. They're having a big sale today on Duce. Here's a Davie. Hello. Hey, Neon. I was going. Okay, sir. I'm spoken to you in about, probably 18 years. One of the young fellow. As far as the guns, I agree with you that there's no need for guns and, um, our society today. Uh, not for hunting because I mean, how many people are out there eating? Do you know? No. I'm a father of a six year old child and from the very start of his, when he was able to understand, I have stressed to him. The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the help type of this. How stupid guns are? I don't want to lie on a play with toy guns. We're not just stupid. They're dangerous. They're dangerous. They're invented to kill people. Exactly. And I've, and I've shown, I've told him stories that's coming in the news when little kids get shant him. I'm a little bit too old, that's why I pop it as I'm having a good in the house. Um, and I don't keep it gun also because I'm scared. Um, I don't have such a batten for anymore. But I remember when I was in the ninth grade, I lived in the projects in Miami. And my mother had a gun underneath the mattress. And, uh, truth black kids beat me up. So I ran upstairs and grabbed the gun and ran back down upstairs and pointed at that. And it would have been very easy to pull that trigger. And I haven't touched the guns since then. And, uh, if people would really care to get out there and vote. On these issues or they would get their politicians to put the issues on the house. They don't care exactly. The American public these are the most barbaric people I've ever encountered in my life. They just don't care. They place no value on human life. Maybe they're own lives. I'm not, I don't think even lives are their kids anymore. They're just their own lives. Just leave me alone like Howard Beale said in that work. And, uh, and just, uh, let me watch my open one for you and Jerry Springer. And that's it. That's life. And all you losers and rednights with guns grow up. Man, the capital of things have gone. Thanks. Okay, Paul. Five six seven. Five six six seven. Five six. It's like taking away their penicents. Like castrating and they take away their weapon. It's that's valid thing. It's the only thing that makes them a man or it cooks the post-fax. Similarly, they're row. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. Five six. Five six. The animal. Here's a mobile and coral springs. Hello. Hi, y'all. Yes, sir. If you don't educate people with a decent school system as to the responsibilities for being citizens of democracy, then you have demigods like the NRA who come up and try and convince people that they have right-toe and comes blah, blah, blah, blah. And if people don't have an education, they fall prey to this. And that's what's really screwing up this country. Period. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. I don't know how much of an education you need to have to feel like there's a value to human life. How much education do you have to need? You know, even animals in the wild, you know, they have that self-preservation instinct. But in America, it's kind of like, wow, yeah, we're just used to it. This is the way it is. So we don't care. Don't bother us with this stuff. You know, it makes good coffee for general seven. They like stories like this. Five six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Pond five, sixty on a mobile line. Here's Boker, hello. You know, I'll talk about Harry Schismarles. This guy, the government's the Vietnamese books five years. Traumagnolist guy, the guy to the FBI, he paid to 10,000 dollars by no jail firm. And the girl he's paying the money to go to jail for tax evasion. Yeah. That's a crime. Yeah. What does that have to do with what we're talking about today? The killing party crimes? Who knows? But there's too much money out there. The NRA's talking about politicians' pockets. So never change the laws. Or I'll print out all present tax epistol. That's Monica. Thank you. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Pond five, sixty on a mobile. Here's a mobile in Hailey, hello. Hey Neil. Yes, there's a opposing call and I know that you don't like those because you handle them very defensive. But anyway. I don't have anything defensive. I listen to anything anybody's got to say if they make sense. Okay, Neil. Don't you realize that in column line, they both might come lost. Need if you make more gum law, it'll take a lot of time. I'm not interested in NRA propaganda. Okay, if they would just in for this is so old and trite. You know, when you're, it sounds like you're reading it right on the NRA literature. I'm not interested. You're right about that. I'm call up Lardass Limball. Okay, and spew your NRA propaganda. I'm not interested in that. I'm interested in talking to people that got their own opinion. Not just somebody that can read something off of sheet of paper that they are out of a magazine that they are racing to. Okay, boring. If you're just in the force, the laws that we have right now. Okay. Then I go in the blown away as five year old kid the other day. What the hell was he doing with the gun in the first place? That's the question civilized people have to ask themselves. Not are we enforcing the laws that we have right now. But why in God's name, the civilized people walk around and when they get pissed off, blow each other away. And blow their kids away. And like I said, we don't have one woman called his show today. Don't ever, ever again, try giving me a song to that about this big closet theme. And the allotians we got out there because quite frankly, they ought to stay in a closet. If they're out there, they belong in a closet. Here's one finally, a lady in Davy. Hello. Yes, man. I'm trying to talk to a smuck on the telephone. The shmuck on the telephone? Yeah, on the radio. Oh, you're trying to talk to him? Yeah. You're talking to him right now. Oh, you want? Yeah, the shmuck on the radio. Yeah. And she couldn't get through like 13 seconds of the call about uttering a four-letter word. Five, six, seven. Go back and make some more babies. We don't look like I said we still haven't had a call from a real woman today. That was no real woman. I was like, I don't know what that was. Although I think she said it herself. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile lines. Just amazing astonishing. Here's a mobile in Boka, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. How are you, Neil? Okay. Good. I used to live in Detroit also. It's a interesting statistics you brought up earlier about the, about Windsor. I think you mentioned like four homicide compared to Detroit of California. In 1954, in the same year, 1997. I'll read just yeah. I used to face the Windsor skyline right on the Detroit River there. And it's interesting. I lived here in South Florida. And this is the first time in my life I'm 38 years old. I really have considered buying a weapon or handgun gun just to protect our family. We have a two year old. And I am very, very concerned with what's happened. And then this society and especially in South Florida. And you're right. The women either they don't care or they're too busy. Maybe try into a keep up with the Joneses. They lose track of their kids. The kids are in date care. There's no more. There's no more families. I don't think they're really. I mean, we live in a country like the thing happens in column by and high out there in little in Colorado. And you listen to the responses about, oh well, it's got to be the movies are too violent or it's got to be these video games or they're listening to Merrill and Manchin. I mean, what kind of lunatics come up with idiotic solutions like that? And that's very fashionable to look for escape codes. But you've got to come up with something a little bit better than that. I really do that. I do believe that sure education has something to do with it in school, but it really starts with the family. I truly believe that now that I'm a parent. And I'm a parent. And I answered it with the cultural values that you have in your in your home in your community in your neighborhood exactly said bullhead. And of course, we can't say with the essence. Five six seven and why can't we sit? Because again, your federal government is more concerned about words that we say unarradial than they are about how many people are in the country. And they are about how many people are running around with every kind of weapon that's ever been invented. Blown each other away. That's the kind of barbaric civilization that we got here in the United States or freaking America. Okay. You got the word police, the tool police. You got the gin walk in police. You got the police sitting out of the garden. Thing with a radar gun. If you're going six miles an hour over the speed limit, that's the idea of law enforcement. The marijuana police. Crazingness. That's the idea of law enforcement is to harass people. To hold to knuckle people under. Because like I've told you a billion times before, I'll never stop saying it because it's the truth. We live in a police state. But where we really need the police, we ain't got them. It's 156 and 560 WQAM. Oh. Oh. Oh, gee. There. I had a good heart attack. Orgy Bush said that his nose is clean and never puts up in it. Cuddy's running for the White House. So he just carried his men. Stone drunken bags out all evening down the view steep all. He's called. He's called. He's called. He's called. He's called. He's called. He's called. He's called. He's called. He's called. But when he got them business he did more than watching thinkf. Well he watched it as a thing. And he prefer ho kayders to hypothetical. At the question that he does and he make it quite much clearer. Like a razor on a mirror. But he wants the TV. That he didn't do anything. Josie Bush has he put his poison? Please have a microphone. It can be running for the White House again. Jessica and Savonjuri medium jerky spoon he squeamed. it. It's a really strange case. Oh, right. I'm 15. I'm 15. I'm 15. I'm going to wait for the MTV Music video Awards. Just one. Twelve hour. Let's get to that stupid thing off the bottom of the screen. Here's a let's do a lady in four-laterdale. Hello. Hi. You know. You know what I was thinking when you're talking about with the guns and everything. I know you can't change it now. You know, you know, like the automatic's in the police have to carry. You know, and you have a good point as far as we're candidates from Detroit. Because I'm from Michigan too. And you can't blame the movies on a video game. I think it's the way that they were raised in the values. If the parents just aren't there, not if they didn't care. Right. But if they're just not there because they both have to work for something. Because the number one they got in education, they have cultural values that are different. Yeah. The place of writing and we're like that. And I number two, because they don't have the readily ready available. And there's a lot of people that have the ability of getting a gun. Even educated people get pissed off. But if you're pissed off and you have a gun sitting right there in the house. And when you're older, you can't keep blaming. You know, you can't say you don't know right from wrong. Right. Because even animals have that. And when a dog cares up something, you know, he did someone when you got home. You bet. So these people. I think they just turned them inside and they don't value life anymore. You know. Well, that makes where he'll ever capture. I'll tell you that. Yeah. It's really sad. There's no way we can reverse it. Really. Now I think it's beyond. You can't just take everyone's gun's away because it's always going to be no. It's not a control. You're right. But I can do it. Just be with your kids and try to do what you can do. Okay. Sweetheart. All right. Take care. Okay. There's a lady for you. A real lady. 560. Thank you. Chuck. Here's my good friend Chuck from the sub center. I'm a quarter of 441 and I was there. I wrote one, 99, street, honey, he'll wrote. The street with 45 different names. I know there's some days I'd rather have on the street. I got different names for it. So you know what? He wants to talk about this cultural thing. But that's okay. I'll be the bigot because I'm just a racist son of a bitch. I'll be the bad guy that's of all these things and you people can say it off the year and private. I'm sure you always do. Because it requires balls to come forward and tell people what you really think. Except of course we hate the Cubans. You know, you know, did I say anything about Cubans today? No. But every time you get into something like this, it's the same group of red necks out there. And like I've tried to tell you before, million times. You folks have got so much in common. I don't know what you're all pissed off at each other about. Your politics are the same. You all be sitting around there watching at the fight. Practical. Practical. There you go. The cock fights. Why hadn't bite the red necks to the cock fight? I'll get it. Double ring the moon shine. Remember what Mike moonshine? Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Okay. Get a phone that works and I'll speak to you, sir. Okay. Sorry about that. 560, 560, palm 560 on the mobile line. This... No, what you're expected? Where are we going? Let's go to a mobile in Davy. Hello. Hello. Okay, sir. I want to tell you about the law in Illinois about guns that might help if they could put it down here. They don't license the guns, but they license the gun owners and they have to put a fingerprint card in. They get it and they get a photo ID with their thumbprint on it. And it can't buy a gun unless they have that. I'm not going to tell you the criminal still don't get guns, but at least when they have it, you can arrest them. Right. Amen. Sounds good to me. And I agree with you on the cultural thing. That's a problem. Okay. Thanks. 560, 560. What are you laughing about in there? Well, there's just a lot of bread here, okay? There's a lot of bread. Not much else. It's your fault. There's all this bread and it's a sliced up in like 6,000 different. That's your fault. You just can't figure it out. It's sliced up in all these little things. What you said. It'll be fine. Thanks, Chuck. Here's my M.E. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. I'm trying to understand something. What is that? You want to, I guess you believe in the death gun. If somebody kills somebody a child, you want to kill them. You want to limit guns. What is, I don't, what do you mean? How do I explain? What's wrong? God did it with the other. Well, you're advocating that, um, the death gun. I don't need that. We should kill somebody. You want to limit guns. We should have, let me ask you something. Do we execute people with guns anywhere in this country? Is that how we execute people legally? And you saw there's a firing squad. Yes, they're in it. Yeah. With handguns? You don't know. They don't kill people. They can get a kill. He wasn't. He wasn't killed with a handgun. Well, it's a rifle. Yeah. It's the same thing. Yeah. But the thing is that you can't have one and the other. You're sort of like, oh, why? In another word, if we believe in capital punishment for people who kill other people, therefore, every citizen is ought to be able to run around with guns. That's very logical. That's right. That's right. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Thanks for your logic. Okay. Thanks for sharing all of your logic with us. Maniac. You're a simple man. That's a compliment, by the way. 560, 50560, palm 560 on the mobile line. It's amazing. The, the incredible, kind of alluded, crap that some of these people come up with the try to ration lies. They're a love affair with guns. There's nothing glamorous. There is nothing wonderful. There's nothing positive. There's nothing good that we said about guns. Because guns are invented for only one reason. They're manufactured to kill something. Here's my email. Hello. Yes, sir. I want to ask your question. I want your hanging up on me right away. Uh-huh. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Mobile and Hollywood. Hello? Yes, sir. You know, it's either they get it. They only don't get it. And what they don't get it has nothing to do with the guns. What it has to do with with values of what parents are teaching. The simpletons when they're growing up. That's the main problem. Either they either they learn it at a young age or they're not going to learn it. Because by the time they're 10, 11, 12 years old. It's too late and you're not going to reprogram a brain that was defunctional from the play from a base. So, how do we describe it? Till this five year old son, he was old enough to make a baby. I noticed although it doesn't make a lot of talent. But the guy who killed the five year old son, he didn't know the difference between writing wrong, is that what you're saying? No, he ate. So while he wasn't taught right, he wasn't up in taught right. Because the person that was taught right in, you're like, I know when I was a child. You know, I feared, I feared two people. Okay. One was God. The second one was, uh, God is a people? No. But I was, but it was a vision. And the other one was my father. Me, my father was here on earth. I feared him more than anybody else. Yeah. And when, when, when children are brought up, okay, and his guy that killed this child, he must have gone through something, okay, as a child, where his parents must not have taught him that, you know, you know, I'm, so you're just assuming that. You don't know anything about him, but you're just assuming that you're already making an excuse for him? I'll not make him excuse for him. There's no way. He had a troubled child, but maybe he was misunderstood. Maybe something called him a bad name one time, you know? Not that he called him a bad name, but he must, and we're guarding, it's taught from, it's either taught or not taught that either either you're going to get it, you're not going to get it. And he must have not got it. He's called placing value on human life, but it is no longer the American ocking way, okay, sir. It is no longer part of our cultural values. There is no respect for human life in American society. That's a fact. Well, because it, it, it, it's a fact that could not be taught at home. Yeah. And why, why not? What kind of, what kind of people are making babies then? Well, there's nobody at home taking care of the babies. Yeah. Yeah. That's the problem. There's nobody home taking care of them. I'm going to give you two words, keep repeating them over and over to yourself. All day forced sterilization just keeps saying them over and over again. That's the only hope for American culture forced sterilization. I'll decide by the way. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile line. What are we going to call that now? The AT&T, where is this line? Until for the notice. Oh, like I said, on the AT&T wireless line until for the notice. 9 minutes past noon at 5, 60, WQM, how are you, Aaron? She'll like this. Oh, you can't hear us out of the way. And you'll find boys who don't care for them. Still, it's all the boys. And the other way, you found one's phone and a phone just right. Get in the air with one. On your track, who's on this track? I'm not just telling the story, man. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. I'm just telling the story. Well we dial it across, let's say. We're all like Paul上面. Well, we're not over. No. We're not. What we do, let's go. Being around or doing something. 5 6 7 0 5 6 that you see when you get to the point where you're again any kind of restriction any kind of imposition of any Regulation, then you show that you're crazy you're sort of viable you're unreasonable you're your obsest And that's the NRA Here's a mobile in coconut creek hello Yeah, sir. Yeah. I want to talk to that you're rock. I'm the radio. Okay. How are you doing? I have a very interesting point to bring up all right I would like to voice my disclosure with the media for glorifying all of these people who get shot and killed and blown away and this one blew his thing off and This one shot him in the public and I'm I'm getting a creeping tired of this if it bleeds the leaves mentality Yeah, and it's well, that's what the people are watching just like they're watching Jerry Spring or man Exactly, and that's the same for you're trying to make that we've lost all respect for human life of course if we see it on the news every single life And I'm not saying that's why but people want to feed on the news and that's why it's fair Let me tell you after poor old videos the biggest selling videos in all video stores in America stuff films faces of death parts one through 500 those are the biggest sellers. They have waiting lists for months people trying to get to rent those faces of death parts one through five million Does that tell you how sick the American public is that they want to rent videos to watch other people being killed? Most of it's fake anyway, but we have a shoot off my my thing and shoot a gun Yeah, but that scene now that's on American man now you get into trouble Talk you later. Okay. Yeah, you better go register that piece 567. Oh 560 that's right. We got to virginity police in Broward County by the way and poppinel If you have an interaction in a goddamn adult establishment you're violating the law if it's harder than a breadbox If it's harder than a piece of wonder bread you're in big trouble you're in deep hit Not to be confused with deep throat But if you're gone and they don't care how hard that is and that's a whole different story We have no problem with that. Don't you understand? It's America bring them on in and it will go over to my weirdo National and we'll watch them smuggling all the heroin in the cocaine and hiding into the food cart See they told us that time I went to Toronto on American Airlines it was the food service that was being delayed in the It was not the food with the drug service that was delayed getting the stuff on a plane not the food service the drug service Are you ramp rats? Take out another full page ad in the newspaper. Okay, and you know what they'll still call people ramp rats Because nobody trust anybody over there anymore and probably with some very good justification Remember back in the early days when Chuck sworey with the host on wheel of fortune when it was a bomb and instead of getting the cash at the end of each round They would have a cash amount and they would go shopping and Chuck would say okay, John. Let's go shopping You have 20 let's go shopping. That's what they do at my international airport When they're a little bit bored or maybe they just do you know need some extra cash for the weekend Let's go shopping. Let's rifle through everybody's bags and see what kind of goodies we can steal out of there In between the other guys the ramp rats while they're loading on all the heroin and the cocaine to get on a goddamn place And maybe a few hand grenades in the overhead Yeah I mean it's unbelievable Hand grenades in the overhead nice going American freaking airlines and you wonder why the public is pissed off I mean it's not bad enough you can't get any a flight off the ground within an hour being on time But hand grenades in the overhead they should go in the seat in front of you that's right Dave even you should know that the hand grenades are supposed to go under the seat in front of you not in the overhead They could fall out when you that's right and hurt somebody When you go up there and open up they always make that announcement because very careful when you open up the overhead Vince because that Luh those loose hand grenades could fall out and kill somebody and a pin might slip out But if you got it nice and for him on a ground in front of you there on a free hand to see in front of you then you can keep your eye on it And I don't know about you, but when I'm on a goddamn commercial aircraft I like to be able to see those hand grenades at all times I don't want to bunch of loose ones and he overhead slipping out just the wrong moment Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm Friday today. You left for vacation. Yes 300 metro day police swoop down on 10 to 20 hours to do what to achieve both single lowest one day crime rate in candle Yeah, and this is what they also closed down the hooker ring down there on the same day well But anyway we're doing down there they put cones and candle drive and as you drive it along they stop you They answer your driver's license and then they follow checking out your driver's license They're profiling you with a car. Okay, they feel like they've found it alike You go over to a bank park in lock where five or six tops goes through your car looking for stuff right This is what they bus maybe they were going shopping they busted people for bad 10 They bought they got a little party the window attending police there that day Wow, right a little pot a little coke And they busted and put the oil Guys who uh tradesmen who didn't have the name of their company under vann or pick up your You are arrested and put in jail for that and now let me say that we tell you with people don't believe that we're living in a police state They're up there freaking rocker right and I'm sorry to say it that I'm holding on to my gun until crap like that There's no longer going on in this country. Okay, later See you in Kendall 5 670 5 60 and that that's a hot one two by the way always always like you know take the light off yourself and the shyness spotlight on everybody else to try to be flooded criticism We hear any more about that prostitution ring with those underage prostitutes in Kendall. Oh no But if you got a little bit of wacky weed Yeah, oh, and by the way the guy that punk that called here has spent two weeks at Amsterdam That said screw you kneel before one of the occasion Screw you man you're an asshole remember the one that was telling me oh too much drugs in its filthy It's not filthy number one and number two there are too much drugs just enough Yeah, that's right just enough to keep everybody in a real good mellow mood not too much no problems no problem Like I said a few of the shfarks is there a few of the rocks to guys you know they're out there crack yeah, they're not too crazy about that and they slept those guys away But I didn't that no problem They come with a street sweepers and the and first they sweep all the garbage off the streets They got a zillion places for it to put you like in Toronto the reason Toronto was the cleanest city of any major city in the world is because On every major street they got all these receptacles where you put the trash and People aren't a bunch of slabs they have a little bit of pride in where they live and they throw their trash and they reset the goes and guess what the streets aren't like a toilet And so and Amsterdam they come along and they early in the morning they pick up all the bags of all the garbage and they come with the A sweepers and sweep all the stuff off the streets and then they come along with the With the shpwritters what do they call those where they like to what went down the streets? And by the time you're up at about in the morning it's this cleanest could be there's no problem there So I don't know where to how you were hanging out pal, but you're full of crap in addition Which I talked to several people they said they don't want you coming back. I said you know the guy that called me they said yeah He's an asshole. They all told me that so state of hell out Go to someplace you'll fit in like Paris Where they throw all our garbage on the streets you fit in perfect there with those pigs Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. What are the gun laws like an Amsterdam? What are the gun laws like nobody has any guns only the cops really? But that was a really inconvenient late 30s early 40s Meaning what many if they had guns? Let me ask you something sir. Did they have guns in Germany? Yes, they did and did that have did that save them from the Nazis? No, the people weren't favorite of Nazis. Uh-huh So what are you talking about? Well, I mean you're all over the board as far as what you're proposing towards gun laws I wish you'd settle down to some of you just want to outlaw handguns Let me say it again. I'm not gonna change anything here. You don't have to get all paranoid and work yourself into a sweat about it My sitting here talking on a radio. I'm just that's a talk show. I'm expressing my viewpoint. That's all if that makes you psychotic So be it, but that's just the way I feel about it. I don't want to live an environment where a bunch of irresponsible crazy people are running around with guns if you do that's your privilege What about normal people can they have guns? Well, let me ask you how do you find out who the normal people are? Your background checks things like that. We're not doing now. Do baton. How about this guy yesterday that shot the five-year-old kid? What if they will have done a background check on him? Will they found anything necessarily? Do we know maybe maybe so maybe not? You don't know wow we don't know But the fact is sure that this country over a period of many many years has demonstrated very clearly that the populace as a whole The populace is not mature and responsible enough to have easy access to weapons Is that why they don't have an answer down the populace isn't responsible for that? They don't want them they don't need them. I didn't late 30s really Okay late 30s and early 40s. There we go again. And let me say it again. They could add all the handguns in the world When the German tanks came in there it wouldn't have done a bit of good. You don't you don't defend yourself against tanks with the handguns more on Jackass Same line. Yeah, just a typical gunhugger with the same water two lines that keep repeating it over and over again. Oh sure what it helped him in late 30s and 40s yeah lunatic maniac I say the only people should have guns in its country are the Sicilians That's right, at least they leave everybody else alone 26 past noon at 5 60 wq and how does it okay? Is that the end of the queue because George is in here give me a song to them? I mean What's his name Sam? Well, no, I was gonna I was gonna play a thing there but Sam is in here I can be a trunic and I couldn't I had the monitor down and the mustard we're giving away a dodge Yeah, dodge this okay Sam That's that I thought you said you weren't giving me anything to read on the air here. Then he just gets your saying that Bull crap artists bull hit artists Winner's new $30,000 Dodge ran pickup truck by registered we're gonna need some photo shell gas station and dobsie There's our seat today at the shell gas station on kai ocho and i-95 between 12 30 and 130 I'm right right now or a pretend can dodge north between 230 and 330 With q amp staff register you for your chance to win from shell gas dodge dealers in qa Would you do them again? You sent to you? No, but in any way I read it Oh Now this norm a cat is passing me this stuff and just wasting our facts paper that I don't want 567 what what am I gonna do with this now that he couldn't bring he's coming over later on why is he wasting my fast paper to make it look like he's doing something Constructive and positive now which I don't believe anyway So what about those empty the awards that I have Sam's pushing his vote for best dance video, which I saw last night. What if they don't have that in the paper because they're too embarrassed Guess what are the nominees is? Jordan rhymes with light night Ready for that? Yeah, best dance video. She couldn't dance you out of a paper sack Best video of the year here the nominees number one nominee She Winning in a cakewalk the other nominees for a video the year Lauren Hill do what why That three kind of leash corn. I if I could tell you how I hate corn Because one thing about corn it comes in the same way it it goes out the same way went in sure especially Ricky Martin live in La Lica La Pinga Loka and Will Smith featuring a jewel and cool mo de while while was so there's the tough kind of the stiff competition for The back street boy No chance So they got that one wrapped up viewers choice Guess what the first nominee for viewers choice best video is My fine back street boys Then jz featuring jah and amololion lia what what is that? Amol nitrate Can I get a corn Freak on a what is that I don't understand can I get a Freak on a leash a Ricky Martin looking up into a Loka and stink Paring up my heart and TLC and no studs Like I said piece of cake Yeah, like I told you Best female video Lauren Hill do I That thing yeah Jennifer Lopez if you had my ass Madonna beautiful stranger and Britney Spears baby one more time with all the respect of Britney who I'm sure everybody loves Madonna shit with that shit Madonna a beautiful stranger Hands down your pants Best male video Nominated is our uh looking a lot pink a low cover key Martin will Smith Miami and the winner at Lenny cravets fly away and the winner easily will be Well, let me give you a clue okay as do the winner oughta be on us My name is eminem My name is a miss Best new artist in the video Kid rock oh lunch is coming back. I hate kid rock and you know something I say that we have Nick and Jeff from 98 degrees is the prominent host on TRL and get rid of goddamn what's his in Carson Because Carson number one he looks really bored He is boring and number three He starts giving his own opinions like I would nobody cares about that He's supposed to be impartial all those punky little kids and all those old facts we're supposed to be the ones that call it and get our favorite videos on here Not Carson he's supposed to be the goddamn whatever and all fairness. There should be a balance ticket though We want to check Instead of those two How about one of each Nick and okay Nick and the Brittany okay And then maybe like in between when things got a little dollar. I like to do it I know he's into it. He's up to it. I'm not so sure about her Okay, let's see so best new artist in the video. We got the kid rock Jennifer Lopez if he had my last I instink Brittany spirit is maybe one more time in the easy winner is of course We oughta shadow for that My name is Eminem Best group video here we go number one nominee is Decide So to wave an after give you any more limp biscuit Oh my god, don't please don't do it not after lunch Instinct hearing up my heart should be right every morning in TLC no scrubs looks like a runaway to me Yeah, no contest Best R&B video. I uh, how can I have an opinion on that? Best rock video limp biscuit and nokey. I'm gonna let me say it again if that if that wasn't in there That nobody would even bought the record if he didn't say nokey in there five thousand times and it's a piece of crap Even Fred what's his name what's a lead singer Fred oh yeah, so you didn't even know what his name was even he said that last night He said got I can't believe people are playing this crap Corn freak on a leash kid rock about with the double whatever that thing is Lenny Krabbets fly away in the offspring pretty fly for white guy. I vote for the offspring. I love the offspring And by the way the kids are not all right Best hip hop video beasty boys buster rhymes Lauren Hill. I do have a and a TLC got a hate TLC Best pop video here we go guess what the the first one I'm gonna use when I say I Jennifer Lopez if he had my ass Ricky Martin if he had my mouth In stink tear it up my heart and Britney Spears baby one more time looks like a clean sweet for The back street boys Okay, we'll find out tonight and by the way if you're worried about Tom Green He's sure will be on a 12 30 after the MTV music awards a Tom Green will be on a show in case you haven't seen in the promos five million times already I'm Yeah Here's a mobile in summer hello long ago. Just as I was about to put my finger while I'd say hung up I think they weren't four miles Can't blame him here's a lady and four-laterdale hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, boy. It's worth a wait I've apparently agreed with your physicians on guns, but I think it's a gender thing Because I've always been Antagon and usually in my discussions with men It became so enraged. Oh, yeah, I would have to back now. Only women and us bags are the ones that are against the guns and the real men there are gun huggers It was like a masculinity compensation But my point was when I first moved down here which was early 70s I was a victim of a violent crime of course I called BSO and There advice to me was to get a gun Isn't that great? And I know at this point my life I can't even see the shoot one and I wouldn't get one anyway I guess I guess the other guys that put the BS and BS so I reckon Uh-huh. I keep up the door. Okay. Thanks. Bye. They put the BS and BS 560560 so what's for lunch George and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line? You're you're smiling. I'm the dead serious And quit putting your finger on the edge of your tooth like they start to look like often power. Okay. How it's From our business doing by the way. I'm a good close personal friend And again, love and kisses to our good friends at radio ex over there at Nova Southeast University because you guys are got great equipment You're kicking ass people at pepper high even though they hate us like poison Do we ever hear from the kids at pepper hiding more KPS? No, that's because they're on a different level They're like on a real radio station over here on QAM And I'd too happy about this Greg Reed business either. I'll tell you that you know it would be nice to be gets me those tickets And he didn't get the exhaust fan when I left here yesterday I went in there to take a leak on a way to mommy's house and all what a difference But you see something that might actually have to do with the radio show with the radio station with the radio business That might be nice. Okay Greg. You follow what I'm saying. Oh, I didn't think so I mean exhaust fans in the toilet and a tickets for the back-sweet voice concert That's about the limit for Gregory Benjamin Reed. That's about as far as he goes I'll tell you about a girl look at that look what's on her right I You awesome So like I said next regards is where you'll find some of the best smoking pleasure that legal anywhere in Sanflav That's right. It's still legal even if can't Jenny finds out that we're smoking some of this stuff in Broward So probably be pretty pissed off and fired up about it Fuck it in and hold it Oh, my wife has it really hurts to blow you know why did she have a really small mouth? What no she's got a cold there knows it's all rough from the tissues You know what you talking about making acid yourself at work today Uh, the same thing is you yeah, that's what I mean then try a duel. What does your mouth have to do with blowing? Medically proven to erase up to 24 hours of memory wait a minute. Do all the you six faster for when you're really 24 or 5 60 WCM so we have an offspring CD for me that Tracy nearly said us well it's about time she did something good Like I said it's about time she did something good and came through because usually She's yeah, I don't want to say the word here's a mobile in North Miami, hello Yes, me oh, how are you today great? Me, oh, you're uh, we're talking about guns today so let me just add something to it. You know Meal three years ago, they're the same amount of guns in the house. There is today and you everybody's talking Yeah, that's not that is not true at all. I would have not no okay. Well You might not believe it, but it is true. Anyway Again, it's because you say that it's true doesn't make it so the statistics show very clearly That is not true, but anyway assuming that it is which it's not okay anyway what you're talking about education educating these people about guns and the schools Let me ask you this what they I didn't say educating them about guns in the schools while what is the school's got to do with it? No, I'm saying educating the people okay What's the reason weapons to school these kids? What about what you're opinion about bringing back the paddle in these schools for discipline You Okay, we've got a new form of American dual the teachers got a paddle and the kid has got a 357 Magnus Oh the paddle didn't work too good Got it, who would have just held it up a little bit higher oh Dan Here's over town hello. Hello. Yes, sir. And no I was just calling you know You know put my hand side on it because you know it is really bad with the guns and everything going around It was an incident with these guys They actually like you know she had on a you know very high dress on or whatever You know walking and talking with a friend and these guys, you know They just you know I guess one of them went up in cluster and she She apparently had a gun on her but at the time she didn't pull it out But there's other guy dead and he He pulled out yeah pull out the gun and like the gun yeah and like you know like to the shot over where she was at And then get this other damn fool over here telling her now why won't you shoot back and I'm like what are you? Would you invite her to shoot you don't say the shoot back? You know is like maybe she might have had better aim she probably wouldn't have had only hope yeah Jesus cuz you know, but you know like you said me, you know It's just no type of control that oh people people shoot each other over parking spaces over the kind of thing that you just told me I mean, you know all you got to do is get a little bit pissed off I right away to an excuse to pull out your piece and most somebody wait and these people that keep arguing who are the gun lovers They just aren't denial they just it's like this stuff doesn't go on exactly. I mean it's bad You know and you know I stay in over town everything like that, but you know it's just you know it's pathetic man people You know they just it just go off for the little thing I mean anything to just piss them off somebody crush the funnel moving the car Exactly all the more reason why we can't have crazy people with guns all right now take it easy. Okay pal 560 50 50 50 50 on the 18 T wireless line World is seven hours and 13 minutes away from the MTV music video or what's that anybody ready for that? No, come on come on or hype in a hell out of it even on CBS this morning. They're hyping it because they're all whipped up About their big merger with Viacon You see what's gonna happen boys and girls. I hate to break the news to you, but pretty soon There's only gonna be like four companies in a world And they'll own every business every broadcasting every part of the media every supermarkets every department store There'll be four companies in a world And if anybody believes that's a good thing then we'll get you with discount lobotomy it came out. Okay Here's Boker hello After grue with you on that on a large company thing Okay, how you done Neil great You know what I did for that. I just um with my mutual funds I put it all on large cat investment in international stuff right figure it's gonna happen something I was gonna make money off it right, but I had my two cents during about the guns to First of all when they wrote the Constitution the people who owned guns they had to own land They were usually to add the vote which were usually white males right no juser Catholics I mean people get real don't hide behind the Constitution because my city's it is Don't have a pot to piss in the own the guns anyway. Yeah, so I'm all pissed up pissed off I'm far enough and far enough. Yeah I don't blame it. Something like that. Okay, pal. Take care. Hey, in there. All right. Take cover We're not gonna say take care anymore. We're gonna say take cover. I'm too late. Damn it 560 50 50 50 60 on the AT&T wireless line as we saw the problems and we know it really attracts me up See if I'm one of those NRA people if I'm one of the gunnuts I don't I don't care that the arroggies is on a radio spouting this stuff because what difference is it gonna make not gonna make any difference But when you're that insecure when you know in a back of your mind or in some part of your mind Whatever you have left of your mind when you know that you're full of crap and that you're defending the indefensible and you're totally twisting and Distorting the intent and the meaning of the second amendment then you know Anybody who even mentions it gets you a psychotic It's which is why I got that facts before that I tore up in a minute in pieces and didn't even bother reading from the life long in our A guy and several of these other colors today Who started preaching preaching the mantra chapter in verse well if we just enforce the laws that we got it. Okay I mean as soon as you hear some of these things it's it's like the religion as who starts spouting you know The the famous quotes from the Bible John 3 16. You okay And by the way that crap out of stop Going to what God damn ball game it's not bad enough you got the invocation into your football games But you go your pain money to go into a ball game and some asshole is got a religious sign that he's holding up there Go to church, okay go propaganda guys in church not in a ballpark not a godless place like a freaking ballpark Here's Boca. Hello Yes, sir. I hey down great listen. I used to be a member of the DNA. Okay The reason I quit being a member of the NRA was After they didn't support the Brady Bill, okay Well Members of the NRA probably you know feel that it's not gonna save any lives or stuff like that I felt that it was a it was you know Why why not supported you know I'm saying There's no reason um the member a couple of months ago Bill Clinton came out and He he went ahead and he He talked about you know his proposals for for gun legislation and There was there was no reason that any member of the NRA shouldn't support What he came out with okay You know, or he was talking about was the at gun shows and stuff like that That you know and three day waiting periods and stuff like that. I'm sure a member of the NRA I mean you know And I I do have a concealed weapons permit in the state of Florida here But any law of biting citizen should not come out against you know Exactly what he was talking about you know that's saying yeah It just makes no sense well, but they don't make any sense. They're they're whole uh their whole rap does make any sense they're full of crap Yeah, I mean, you know When they turned around and they The NRA is killing themselves you know them saying and I know they're not they didn't worry Well the opposition know they're not they still got the politicians by the short here. They still own them You see how every time they try to like with the stuff you're talking about they water with down They rendered it meaningless and they still got the politicians in their hip pocket just like Don Corley only had the judges in his pocket They got the politicians in their pocket 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the 18 T wireless line Here's a lady in four miles. Hello Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, man. I don't think we've ever had a lady in four miles before All about their several of us here All right, it's great good in your show on this coast. I have some remarks about hunting Okay, if it's a wait of the department of natural resources to control the deer population Especially up in some of these states that Have had the life disease That's becoming a serious health problem. Yeah, the crop damage to farmers from deer could be just devastating And it's nice having that is for the freezer Especially for those families out of tape food budget There are people like that. Yeah, well, do you go out and shoot deer yourself? I Happy off you going out and you shot a deer? Yes, did you look at like right in the eye and you said hey Bandie, here's one for you. The weapon damn me. Oh well, and it's okay and also there are Make sure did you check ID There are a lot of people that can't eat beef and they can't eat them Yeah, how about cake and they let me cake? No But there are some good points about hunting it is there for some right so now. I don't know how well for the department of natural resources control the deer population poison Yeah, I think I think you might look into that yeah poison salt the salt. Oh, no That'd be more that'd be more cool. Yeah. Well, they have some fast acting stuff. You know they can just injection poison darts I haven't I say sweet. I don't need too much of that medicine. Oh kid. Yeah, okay That for your arteries here bandie here look this 567 oh, and that was bandie wood. He was talking about 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the 18th D wireless line Here's four lauderdale hello Four lauderdale Hello, me. Yes, sir. You in addition to the fact that you can just go into a target or a What's authority and go buy a rifle or something right you can lie down I like the way that sounded I'm just talking at wait a minute Nice echo of that you do You can buy mail will virtually no ID order Kips to make guns in addition to that you can also buy Reamination reloading kits Uh-huh legal to own so I could sit here and legally Endanger my family and my neighbors I mean only ammunition. Yeah, but if I grill a hot plan out back you're going to get my Mill harm to anybody else right all me off. Right my ass right I can buy all the gunpowder I want all ammunition cases see gunpowder is good white powder is bad That's what George Bush said the other day or was it the other way around? Whichever way you want to look at it. Okay, I'm having a great day Damn, are we lost the echo five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the uh Yeah, too many drugs over there and I'm still there and nail it's filthy too many drugs screw you nail. Yeah screw you pal you idiot you simpleton You child you overgrown infant who thinks you see this is one thing that I love is talking to people who pretend that they've been somewhere Oh, he was there for two weeks. Must I hate it? I know if I'm somewhere for uh if I hate someplace I stay there for two weeks But most of the people here are so perok you let they never been anywhere even the people are from some type Self they've still never been anywhere that's your amazing part of it It's like I'm from New York well woman's last time he was I'll never I was never there but I'm just from there I can't figure it out you figure that Here's Western hello Neil yes sir You know I hear you about the gun control and I don't think it's the politicians that's the NRA on I think it's who owns the NRA Yeah, you look at the people selling the guns They I thought the gun manufacturers pal that's where the big money is exactly I saw piece on 2020 or something that's you were ago about The 15 shot clips and how they can't sell them to anyone but police anymore Well the the pawn shops and the gun dealers then out vouchers to the police department say we will replace your 15 round clips just sell them back to us And we'll give you brand new clips for a reduced price so they they can take these clips these old clips and sell them to The craft for brains out there the one a 15 round clip so it's it's this really who The gun manufacturers are really dictating what the NRA does yeah, but about the MTV thing yes Lauren Hill Made a statement in I don't know jet magazine Yeah, exactly saying that she Would rather see her kids star than a white person by her album How can I can't MTV promote that she's she's just Disgusting she's a N.I. double G.E.R. Okay, thank you all right What do you say she's from Niggeria 567560 pound 560 on a I just can't stand her I don't care whether she's she'd be black or I don't like her haircut But she can't sing for crap Even Ricky Martin sings better than she then he can't do sing a lick he can look at the it's a 1257 and 560 WQM It's the water to shower Like but You're sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet,, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet so sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, and sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet the way we sing, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, believing sweet, sweet, very rich, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, cheesy sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet sweet, sweet, sweet奶 good, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet to Isabelle, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet One thing is for sure we did many choices Why are you close? I'm the delicate guy Go and walk this down with us That you and your eye told us the day We think that we can't get a shake Be with me when I get I'll swim with my game Cheers You've all my fine The one Did I give Okay, so we nominated for We have it all right And he'd be a word so I just mentioned that in passing Okay, just to rub it in a little bit 560, 560, 560 They're all we're in here, I'll tell you that But no Ricky Martin, I'll tell you that Anybody calling on this, you'll want to defend Ricky Martin All we can say is You can't think for sh**t Exactly, well said sweetheart Here's a mobile and dear, what do you mean? River Yara Beach Hey, that's dad is like tortured at Who is that? Factory Boys Torture That's torture It's great He learned all the rated Most all the rated parts of the music today Who's that? Or in hell? Oh, by a million, she's the garbage I mean with the back of boys and then thinking What you're looking at, you know, that's right She's over ready 15 minutes of fame with the back street boys, okay? Thanks, we'll say Hey, yeah, I've made three call up You're a fighter What's that? I said how you doing Great, great, I called the day and then I love you Yeah I think you are hilarious Yeah I'm not getting a pain in my stomach, I think you're so funny Great, I really mean that I'll get a pain in my back, go, let's think about it I have a great day, pal All right, see you And the back street boys are god man, don't get me started again, okay? Give me up some Yeah No Fine You're welcome You're welcome You're welcome See, this is what happens when you let somebody start getting a little bit out of control You know, fill in on the vacations, do all these These terminal shows on swing clubs that nobody cares about And right away, he starts interjecting his own little crap there Because he's a superstar now and is online He's a little broadcast 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Give me that phone book for Gainesville Let's get JP's number up there, see what he's doing these days Here's a mobile implantation, hello Yeah, Neil Yes sir Hey, how are you doing? Good to talk to you Yes sir Yeah, about guns This country was built on violence, okay? This is an equate And I mean, it's a street book Yeah We just accept that or we like try to talk about the marginalized Of course not, but yeah, yeah, you have to make it more civilized And the scary part of it is Is that people, I mean, it's like almost everybody has a gun down here And how many people are actually trained in the weapons they have That's the scary part I drive about 12,000 miles and four days for my business And I look around and I'll be saying, we people And I'm thinking, do they have guns? Yeah I mean, it's a frightening thought And they don't, you know, they're like blinded a beetle saw All the angry people, never they? All these angry people Yeah, and they're here, I mean, when they shoot next year Yeah, they're here, they have guns And I mean, do they even know the ramps? Even that owner of a rig base, you see? And shot them? I'm right So I mean, I mean, it's frightening But I mean, people want to defend them People want to own them, people want to buy them People want to kill people with them I mean, that's the way man, that's right That's the way man, that's right And for somebody to call up that argument, well, It Amsterdam in the 30s and the 40s They're the same Like if they would have a lot of handguns They could have fought off the Nazis, this kind of needs mental health Yeah, exactly I mean, and you do go to other parts of the world And you're not in theory, your life You're not worried about that, but I guess that's not the right way to live And that's why brought up that story that I read about Detroit and Windsor, which are right across the Detroit River Just a few yards away from each other And here are all the kids listening to the same music I want to say TV and the same movies Play the same video games And it's just a different culture Yeah, and I don't think people are very interested People are barbarians here, don't ever forget it Well, and the American people don't understand They're joking, they're controlled by the media I mean, they're watching But the good news is that Mike Tyson begins his comeback October 23rd against Oran Naur, Oran Noras Yeah, and the moon's a dollar, he's going to make him And the guys are fog Yeah, and the way to get it And that's come back And yeah, it's even defend that So what are you liking Edpine? That's an everyday pal, have a great day Just a joke 567, who do you like in Eddela Heifbe? I'm here, and I'm here, they're real men caught in here They're real gun squeezes men, they'll be caught in the handcacker too These are just these light and the loafers guys, you know my audience My Marjorie little tiny audience 560560, you know, if we had a real radio station here If we had a real general manager, if we had a real company that would Spring loose with some bucks, if we had that 800 number We could be kicking gigantic big bloody ass here And instead we're forced because we work for a myopic goofball Who thinks that the important things are his stupid ball games Because that's the extent and the limit of his mentality And where am I got them tickets by the way? Well, I'm going to tell you something If those tickets by any reason don't come true If that was just an idle promise made yesterday Which I really doubt because I don't think even he is that stupid Do that, but if that were the case I hope you got more of those swingers shows in the No, in the vault And I'm going to say after one at 560 WQA Alright, I think bow You have my luck with me I'll be with you so please be healthy If your black could come there with my everyone And we can't win this money If you don't be happy If the person I've got, would that cool you be done And you're just on a beat of number one Take a look at my mouth Tell me if it's for tonight Would I be the star of the new reality Men don't get me And don't think me Like a national me They want to play a big brother dog And I don't get you That my other team you have And I've been with them to that team So with your tiny team And with you have my attachment Of big lost shape I've kept you to go to I'm a mad team Okay, that's a full fight for me I've got a general offense for these fears I say no content No content Rending all the way baby What do you know? I know, believe me In fact, I was the one that invented Britney Spears I was the one that said get a book job and so be really big Not this big Here's Portland, Oregon Hello Yes, you're great Um, Portinated but recently moved That sunrise through about two months ago All right Best of a make my life Not bad, but I hear great things about the upper north west That was great Um There are as far as the gunna under So concerned, you know, the distance By the edit stories on the paper Yeah, you get a pretty much a mix Just like anywhere else I would guess But also here a couple of months ago A couple weeks ago, you made a comment about the driving Ambest between here and out there You know, the butcher boyker on people over Just let you over to so forth Right, it's not a herd of here The operative word is rude I'm the only one on a road Don't bother me and screw off You're at the border right now I mean, the people here are just so curious On the roads and so forth Anyway, the reason why I called that Because it's time difference I don't know if you have a Or do you want over this or not Out of this morning's Oregonian in the front section Southern Baptist campaign aims to convert Jews Yeah, that was in our paper yesterday Oh, okay And I'd like a lot of them I had no response to it I mean, you know, this is part of the same Air Reggae and obnoxious And especially they picked this time of the year You know, it's Russia's son of Jewish New Year on Friday And then the 20th is young kipper, which is the most solemn day Right, he's crazy Jews that celebrate this stuff But nevertheless, I mean, you know, to go out of your way At this time of the year is like really rubbing the salt And the wounds and sticking in there and twisting Instead of just minding their own business You know, if they want to pray for somebody to convert Why did they have to publicize it? You know what I'm saying? If they want to pray, nobody's going to stop them Why did they have to make it a big publicity stuff And piss everybody off Why can't we all just get along right? There you go I'm not staying And back to you I said, why can't we all get along? I've been wondering that for years Since I was a little boy, why can't I get along? Did it ever happen? No, no Long enough, but not long Here's a mobile in the Palm Beach Gardens, hello Palm Beach Gardens Yeah, it's south, how you doing Neil? Pretty good, south I'm trying to have him spoke to you Last week, I got back from Toronto Right I haven't been in there for over 30 years since I was a kid Yeah And I'll tell you what It seems a lot more civilized I spent any place down here No context Did great city I went to the exhibition They had the exhibition going on there I went to hockey hall a plane Right When she's seen tower Did anybody get shot while you were there? Oh, I didn't trip over any bodies And I rode a motorcycle up there And back Really? Yeah, I mean the best thing that happened was Leaving the state of Florida Seems some real scenery Yeah And the worst thing that happened was That's a commentary Because when you leave the Florida, you wind up in Georgia It's a commentator that you got a smile on your face When you entered Georgia, you know, that tells you a lot about Florida Oh, yeah, the most depressing thing was coming over And the worst thing was that the Florida border And the worst weather I hit was last 150 miles It was rain There you go 10 day for an Amsterdam on vacation And never saw a drop of rain It was 75 in the daytime, 55 at night It was sunny, it was as beautiful the best 10 days I've ever had an Amsterdam back to back I get back here, I get out of my airport, I get in my car It is pouring down rain I get home And two minutes after I got home It started thundering And lightning like the world was coming to an end And I thought, I must be back in South Florida Oh, you know, were I dropped for a living And I have to work in this weather And you know, the best I wish I was able for it Because come spring and summer I'd be the hell out of here Yeah If I could live anywhere else would be out of here You and me both Okay, pal, hang in there Okay, Neil, sorry 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line How come a country is closest us Canada? How come the people are so civilized And they're not blown each of those brains out And all screaming about we want guns How come that's the story? And down here yet everybody's got a gun And every time they get pissed off It goes up somebody way, usually they're their own family Now, that's the new deal It's a suicide murder We killed himself and his four little kid That is why I found it Yeah, great Well, I just think how desperate fox and CNN And all those other news numbers How desperate MSNBC Well, they'd be out of business If we didn't have all these guns They're probably behind the gun lobby It's not the NRA I think it's the guy that knew channels And channel 7 Here's Hylia, hello Hello Yes sir Hello Neil, why are you? Great One time listener I have some of the happy to be able to give you a call Because I got set up in the last few years for a long time And I know how you feel about guns And I back to your opinion on that I deliver a job that's up for a living And I went to make a delivery at a local gun manufacturing place Right And I get to Hylia, maybe chance? No Oh, darling Kendall And I get there and I have to guide that Receives the merchant like That's how it's business He says to me Oh, man, great After that little ten massacre Madden, because apparently one of the guns that they used was manufactured by this manufacturer This is named orders of foreign in That's a boy, you know, Neil is right You know, Neil is right It's no, no, it's not changing the mentality No, Neil, Neil was crazy people Yeah And as far as the cultural thing that you said I think the same point of view As a gentleman that called before that they lived in Cal City There was all white and then the humans started moving in Because it's a self-proper trading cycle I think because if the first family, white family wouldn't move out The rest of the eyes wouldn't enty out And then there would be one, you know, maybe one name One, let's say black or Hispanic family would move into the block And then fine, everything will stay the same Yeah, the problem is that people start panicking though, you know Yeah, look around Teflon look at North Dade Yeah, I know I live there Teflon look at North Miami, I used to live in the Golden Globe interchange Twin Lakes Racket Club right up there by 150 first and five Yeah, that was a great place And it was Mary's restaurant that were good restaurants And it was safe and it was clean And there were like nice middle class and upper middle class people over there And it's a toilet now, every business that I used to Frequent there long gone out of business And it's a sewer Yeah, but the thing is the question of a white, white, white, white, white What came first? You know, the chicken of the egg Yeah, I know I guess it's going to take someone to stay around And see if you know, if you see the neighborhood of doesn't change Okay, well give it a try You first Okay, I'll take a bite Oh, yeah, why don't you go to the ground? No, you tried Yeah, hey Mikey, he likes it Yeah, I let Mikey do it 567560, Pont560 By the way, I'm speaking to Mikey, how's he doing? How come he never hear from our good old friends? At least we'd have heard from him once in a while You know, I've got a little tired of that crap I can tell you right now, right? We've heard from him once in a while We've got all these other people that we worked with over the years There were supposedly friends of ours I don't want to mention Rick Riley Because I don't want to say that So, you know, once in a while you hear from him like so Precisely because there's so paranoid over there at the court channel That they have to do it like under, you know Not saying that I need to hear from Rick Riley for any particular reason You know, I want to just mention him, you know, I've taken up Because you don't like him very much Here's a mobile and four pairs, hello Anyhow you doing? Pretty good sir Want to address my comments to a couple of your earlier callers First of the moron who was talking about paddling children No, that was a little favor Unbelievable Right, you're finally there every time If you do a good job of raising your children There's no need to hit them first of all And definitely don't Depend on the school to do your job for you Don't advocate your job as a parent And in addition to which, I mean the lawsuit Said that the school system is bad as it is I mean you got to feel so sorry, it's such a pathetic thing Because all they got to do is look cross-eyed You're kid right away the way to drag him into court The woman who was talking about how you can't hide guns Around the house, she's also advocating a responsibility as a parent I have a 12 year old son And I own guns, I only use them I don't use them, I have them for protection And if they ever pass meaningful legislation To take guns off the street I would be the first in line to give mine up Right, I took my son when he was six years old to a gun range And had him shoot a gun so he learned That a real gun is not a toy It makes a real hole Right, I sneak very well at night Knowing my son will never injure himself Nor anyone else accidentally using a gun I'm blind, don't advocate your responsibility as a parent And expect schools or governments to do your job for your name Also there's one other issue that I'd like to touch on Real briefly Neil, it was in the paper a couple of days ago John Henry and the rest of the people And Barry Jackson of the Miami-Earled I must be crazy, I must be nuts Who is his number one cheerleader? Have started the PR push to get a stadium built for the Marlins And Henry was crying and saying if I don't get public money I'm only going to build a 25,000 seat stadium There is no reason for you or I or anyone else in South Florida To put up so much as a dime to build a stadium for the Marlins When my child goes through a school that was overcrowded before they finish building it Right, when policemen and firemen and public servants Are underpaid when we're roadseeing, we don't need to spend money on another Not one crime, but there were a silly time of public money Amen, not one time, please Neil, please don't stop Eating that issue and getting it hard because otherwise the public is going to get Painted over and you know what happens then And by the way, the line in L or the rig, he was all the lonely people Not all the angry people I know, keep up the good work And have a great day You too All the angry people, I'm just a 567 He was a great call, so he screwed it up there at the end 567, 560, 560, 560, on the 18T, where I was lying to what John Henry said I must be crazy, I must be nuts Yeah, you must be, if you think of the And you can call me a caveman, you can go a Hank whatever you want to call him In fact, there's no responsible person going to come on a year or be anywhere in the media Which leaves the two newspapers out But anywhere else from the two newspapers, no responsible person is going to come out and say Oh yeah, let's have you spend public dollars to build a billionaire or a goddamn stadium I mean, what a shame that is Oh, well, if I build it, I mean, I promise you I'd build it if I couldn't get public money But it'll only be a 25,000 seats and we'll still have a crappy team And we'll lose a lot of money, all the other crap Who the hell are you kidding man? And what they're doing just like this guy says It's a big propaganda campaign, I told you this month ago Just forward your head like it's a done deal It's not a question of if it's just a question of where we're going to put it I'll tell you where to put it, okay? Yeah, that's where to put it Crazy man God, I must be crazy, I must be nuts Now we see I die 26 after one, it's 560, WCOT And so close to those empty viewboards, I'm starting to break out into a sweat Holy makin' on, this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God Oh, the night's been a gift to a place where they still are right You still don't care, you can go and go down one way You still got the baby proof, so we need a giant of dance and shoes And turn the air to leave the business to me with the human It's saying a lot, seeing your mouth, nothing is weird Is being in the baby's pretty saying a lot, seeing a lot Just a hot hot, taking a lot, seeing a lot Just a hot hot hot hot hot hot hot Once if you want to five60 WCOT, I'm headgober from my Flybird dog track A tour clock, so I get two more pages from this NRA guy Did I read the pages? No, I just saw who was from the beginning in his rambling, his hysteria Two solid facts pages that are straight into your circular file Okay, I said did I read him? No, no Save the facts paper, okay? How many trees are going to have to get chopped down to make the paper For you to waste your facts paper here, that I'm not reading, okay? Thomas whoever you are, Shmendrick Just accept the fact that not everybody is in mind Just enamored with guns as you are All the slaughtered people, is that the one that they aligned in LNR would be all the slaughtered people? Look at how they bleed So speaking of that by the way, I was just noticing that promo we had for the Marlon game with Jo and Dave And I almost forgot about this, did you see it? Of course you didn't see it because you would only be the sports page You mean reading newspaper, does it sports page? No All Brian to replace Angel question mark by, guess who wrote the article by the way, Barry? He's an asshole Jackass Dave all Brian, the Marlon's lead radio announcer is expected to become the team's number one broadcaster in primary TV boys Sometime in the next two years according to several sources close to the situation And when Barry says close to the situation, you know it's Who knows? He would replace Jo Angel, who status beyond exseason is in doubt This is continued on a Brian a grade in a contract extension during the offseason See, Dave a Brian is great Angel Angel even though he does irritate the hell out of me with this phone John Miller want to be stuff, Jo Angel is very good See the problem with the Marlon's, I know this may come as a great shock To some of the people in that organization The problem with the Marlon's isn't the broadcast I must be crazy, I must be nuts Yeah, that's the one thing, I mean we had Christine and Moron here on a radio with a panther That was a problem Those in for, you know, he's a good guy, people can take him or leave him They don't know who he is because he's a carpet-bagger But he's okay with the dolphins, you know And then of course there's always your close personal friend, Rimmer Which I'm not going to make any comment because he might buy dinner again someday But I doubt it, but at any rate But the problem with the Marlon's isn't the broadcast And why couldn't they do that? Why couldn't they have needs to do foreign happenings on radio and TV? Split it down in the middle, I think the ten fans that we got left there would be happy It's all going to be wrong with that Instead of screwing over poor Joe Angel, okay, you can't even afford to go to Charles Alfieri Get that hair filled in But they got to stick somebody in the back, that's the way it's done It's a soft Florida-ucking way man They got a nice somebody in the back, here's Hielie with four question marks, hello Hello Neil Yes sir I agree with you, we're very patient You're saying about the gun control, that's stuff Unfortunately, we live on a society where it's better to have a gun And not need it, then to need it and not have it I carry a gun, of course I took a course in gun safety, etc And it's unfortunate that all these losers, all these lunatics grab ahold of guns And then they make honest law-biting citizens have to carry guns Yeah, like their kids, I mean our little kids are going to carry guns And then they're going to carry guns, and then they're going to carry guns Well if a kid grabs a gun, if a parent has a gun No, no, I'm not talking about the kid grabbing it How about the guy that shot his five-year-old kid yesterday because he was pissed off It is a wife Hey, like I said Neil, these losers, these people Well how do we how do we separate the winners from the losers? How do we see, let me say it again, the American society as a whole We have demonstrated clearly, you have to make laws based on society We have demonstrated this country that we are irresponsible, we cannot, we cannot have the luxury of having firearms Because we're not responsible with them But you can't, nowadays you're not to say it anymore I mean you can either choose to be a victim or just try to defend yourself the best possible Yeah Anywhere you go nowadays, you're vulnerable to these people that should not have guns, again, it hurts I mean I got a friend of mine that lives in Nebraska And he came down here on vacation Yeah This last Christmas has passed What do you think? Well of course he went back to Nebraska He would not move up here But we went to the bakery center to see a movie And we got out about a quarter-leavened o'clock he asked me And you wanted a strawberry shake We stopped at a dairy queen who works for a jewelry store up there And the owner of the jewelry store he works for Let him have a Rolex watch as a gift Well it so happened that when we pull him and you let this guy where Rolex watch in mind Let me tell you what happened We pulled up to a dairy queen and he got off ice-stated in the car He got off and he went to order his shake As he's ordering his shake three guys of course And they were black Pulled off Three marches, yeah They pulled up and one of them was carrying a bet They kind of got here in a what? A bet They had a bet One of them had a bat in their hands Well the thing is he's looking there Which was one of them very sheffield The bottom line is if I had the unfortunately dropped my gun pointed at one of the guys You know for them to drop the bat I guarantee you if I wouldn't have been armed at that precise moment They would have hit him in the head and would have took his Rolex watch You know come on I mean it's unfortunate You know we live on a society where it's just you know what I would I maybe I'll take your advice and I'll move to answer There you go you have a nice day You ever have to have another gun as long as you live You have a nice day And you too By the way I want to correct one thing because I didn't make special notice this time Because I don't like to come on here and just mouth off And I don't know what I'm talking about The cops do carry guns They have you know Guns on their side on their hip They have night sticks and they have handcuffs You know under our belt and they have like little guns Not not big 357 magnets And I've never seen him draw one And like I said the only time you ever see the I've ever seen cops Dragon somebody away It's some rostaguy who's been peddling drugs out there in the street Which they don't look kindly on by the way And that's it And that's the worst I've ever seen there and I've been there like 50 sometimes But like that kind of call that remember the guy before One of the occasion that had his experience in Rome The guy that went on the cruise ships Oh my god they were robbing the gypsies Robbing people that was terrible I couldn't get back on the ship fast enough Oh Wouldn't you like to live somewhere where the worst problem The worst thing you had the fear was being robbed by the gypsies And like I've told you a million times Anybody who can't tell the gypsies after the first experience Has to be deaf dumb and blind Even rate Charles can identify the gypsies just by the way they smell Okay They all dress like gypsies They carry little babies in the arms They do the same routine I mean it's like I told you it's like putting up a big sign Saying we're gonna pick your pocket okay So either one like Helen get away from us or stand around and let us pick your pocket and have a nice day 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T Rinal Slime Oh my god we're getting closer and closer to the MTV awards tonight I'm feeling a tingle in my back don't get so excited about it Because the rumor has it that some guys Oh Oh for like 4,500 and 50s I think it's 300 awards you're reported that is what I'm hearing Oh, a lun so you're so big How young is too young I don't want you to keep on checking my heart Don't play new things I'm playing with you Check out my breath that's open my mouth already Alright Come on to me and let the things in my head And a sound of a blood But if you wanna tell me you're so The thing is about me don't think you know No I'm on the way I'm a bit too stupid and I'm making you The new proof that you're the only one that you're the only Oh Yeah I'm free You're ready to pray and I'm ready She looks 25 but she's just 30 Look at me I'm a man of three Daddy girl, look up Oh I'm about to have a picture Because I'm here for the day No, my girl, it's mine Yeah I'm about to think right now Oh my show Alright She's okay She's okay She's okay She's okay Yeah, there's no more than those bad days And I'm done Oh, I'm done She's looking my I'm actually a little bit too deep I'm the she's dead I like it I like it 24 or 5 60 I'm looking at the facts machine And I see a facts with big letters On it And I'm right on target Nice going Neil Oh God That's what that must be the NRA guy Figuring if he puts real big letters on it I'll read his facts and I look at the first two of three letters It's not about guns And I see that name at the top of And it's right now where I circular file again Another tree had to be wasted because of this gun Amy Echa So he's not only in for shooting people He's also for cutting down poor innocent baby trees Here's Hylia Okay, nice talking to you Here's a mobile and west Palm Beach, hello Amy Echa Yes sir A couple things I wanted to mention First of all, I just got back from Toronto And you are certainly right about that city If it was a so-free can cold like move there in a heartbeat That's right The other thing I've been there eight months a year Yeah The other thing is If there's anyone in South Florida We should be for building a new baseball stadium It's me I'm an agent for baseball players and I live in South Florida But I have to agree with the caller earlier In regard to the public not paying for baseball stadium If you were I were starting a business and we needed a facility We'd be able to go to the public and say Build a sub-building No, that's what I got to the bank and borrow it It's on a herd of This is the only endeavor of human life Of human experience Where a multi-billionaire goes to the public And says I want to start something And I want you to subside for it For me Well, the amazing thing now is They're talking about how it rains here And it's a football-only stadium Well, they knew that when they awarded the franchise The whole situation is baseball Figure will give them the team Well, let it be there for a few years And then we'll blackmail a stadium out of them It has nothing to do with the rain That's why they pulled that crap of the all-star game You bet And it has nothing to do with the rain You know what this is all about This is about the stream of revenues that is not flowing to the Marlins Because the money that it took to build Joe Robby Stadium Is all the money from the private box Is all goes to paying for Joe Robby Stadium Right, and as we solved it, that the Marlins aren't getting any of it And that's what this is about It's not about the rain It's about the money that they're not getting from the front You know, something nobody held the gun The John Henry's head He knew how much they lost He knew that he was up against it He was very unlikely that the public is going to come up with any money And build on the stadium, especially with our education And our roads and all of these other things are as crappy as they are And so, yeah, why are we supposed to be a sorry for this guy? He must be nuts I must be crazy I must not only that Neil Not only that, Neil But wasn't it raining in 1992 when they awarded the franchise? Yeah, I thought I think it only started raining down here in a summertime After they got through baseball team Well, and there was a dome stadium in Tampa at the time So having a dome stadium was so important for baseball Why didn't they put the team in Tantapa Right So it was all part of a big ball And by the way, and by the way, they're not drawn flies over there either No, no, that's true But at least they've got a dome stadium And what a wonderful experience it is to go to one of those Isn't it? Also, I couldn't agree with you more on Lauren Hill And please keep pounding the table on this stadium issue Because otherwise, you know what's happening And all the politicians that the Henry's going to be able to buy off And they couldn't happen man Just like the penny sales tax They thought they could look at that through in the middle of the summertime Yes, what? Bad judgment Well, as long as we got people like you on the side of common sense Neil Things like that won't happen Okay, thanks Like I say, please keep it up Thanks, yeah In all sense of the word Okay Bye Yeah, I'm a caveman You know, I just don't believe we need major league baseball When we got people to overcrowded schools We got schools and concert hoots and all this other crap We just can't afford it I'm sorry John Henry I must be crazy I must be not Okay, and you people in newspapers about enhancing the quality of life You're the people it ought to be ashamed I mean John Henry he's a selfish guy Okay, he's a businessman And no matter how much money people have they want more That's just human nature Unfortunately, it's called greed So he's got his own selfish interest And he's looking out for But you people at the Harald and the Sun Sentinel And it got the hutspa Become of what he's at At the Torials and giving us a lecture On the great things that it'll do for the community How important it is to the community and to the I hear out of your mind You're crazy You're off your rocker As much as I like hockey for quite a lot Did having a hockey team here and having the newer Read out there right by my house Did that somehow enhance the quality of life here Oh, of course not I enjoy going there And I am probably the biggest hockey fan in in South Florida But for quite a lot like I've told you a minute times before If they would have moved to Nashville Like everybody kept threatening us So pack of the sandwich That's all Pack them a bunch of bread with a little salami in it It's 11 before 2 at 5.60 Don't WQAM