Sports radio 560 WGQAM I am a board-litered helper and the Neil Rogers shows the talks of Neil called 560 560 toll free for daily ground. The alarm clock is 660 on your cell phone. The updates of the list gets spoilers. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. Be easily re-abaccing on the TV broadcast. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAAM. As a little just stop, how long does a few pounds? Pass you time, it seems busted out. Just kind of pick the renal with me and rise. It starts on top with some extra spies. Lots of extra spies. I'm staring at that throw with an agat padded. Shadow of whole seat, thought I was ready. Why can't I drop for a reason to do? Working on a bowloin. Trying to move some back of the side through through. Working on a bowloin. It was taken time. Boy. I was a blessed night trying to make some thunder. From all the teeth, I said I wanted to. Starry in the magazine for netting 62. You know, we didn't want a bowloin. Because I'm all found up from cheese to turned it blue. Rain for bowloin. Out of people, if you can. Bowloin. Bowloin. He's probably always picked so much jazz. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a rapper. I want to be a bodyweight. I want to be a. I want to be a raped. I want to be a. The. I want to be a rep遊 from a gay. No, we need your help outside, it's right in terms of what this happening. On the Newérikes in claims of Anne Vigchin personally he checks his body forces, that Rome gets involved in Paris. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. Very good! He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. Come on! I see you. Oh, what a great machine! That's not the right spot. The way he's only reasoned that anybody's even considering Bill Bradley. He's now several points ahead and who hamster by the way of Al Gore because Al Gore is a boring. He's terminal. He's wooden. He's a dead man in a suit. And his wife is pretty boring too, by the way. The old typer. So anyway, we'll get back to that whole business about, you know, it's kind of embarrassing. I mean, sure we take the money, but it is embarrassing. I want to go on record is saying that to work for people that you know lie like a bandits, who if they take it the day of the week that you run to the counted double check and, you look at your watch, have a calendar watch that says on here Thursday the 28th. And if he came in here right now and said to me, it's Thursday, I would look at my watch and go up and look at the calendar and the other room just to trouble them triple check. You can't complain about Greg's credibility because folks he doesn't have any. I just want to go on record is saying that. We'll continue taking the money, but it's really tragic that you can't sit down like a munch and talk to somebody, Mono, Mono, you know what I'm talking about? No, Mono, Mono. By the way, speaking of Mono, Mono, we lost the considerable part of our spick audience, which I knew we would because of the fact that we had a lot of stuff going on, you know. And I tell it like it isn't not going to pander to them or to anybody else. So as opposed to being number one in Hispanic men 25, 50 or like we were in the last book with an 8.5 year, we had only a 5.5.5. 8th. 8th Hispanic men. As we're starting to get the breakdown in the summer book, which by the way, we sure did great in Tom Jick has a column about the paper day and I just go on Tom. I met Tom's boss at the hockey game last night for a nice gentleman came by and at the end of our conversation, said, well, by the way, I'm Tom's boss at the Sun Sentinel. I said, hey, tell Tom to go out and buy a radio. But Tom must don't a radio because his old column this morning is basically what I said yesterday. They ought to be writing about and sure enough here it is today. And I'd go on. Tell him, let me like that. Neostrites again, baby. All of the old's got to do is go on a year and there it is in the paper the next day. Either in Michael Mayo's column and Dave Hyde's column, Tom Jick is column. You guys are all you're all welcome by the way that I'm here and I can give you a lot of good material to write that you should be writing on your own, but nevertheless, I'll at least Tom writes it better than Dave Hyde Mike Mayo. Oh, by the way, thanks to Ed Whitman, the product development representative for Wea Latina Records in Miami who sends me my Luis Miguel Carpac. He did's got a Luis Miguel like all these, what do they call these things? Pop up, uh, stand up, stand up, pop up and I got a blow up doll and all kinds of good stuff. Hope you're doing well. Miami, we're kicking ass here, baby. We're kicking big, serious bloody ass right here on a radio between 10 and 2 every goddamn day and some of the people in that morning who haven't ended up very jealous of that. And I got news for it, doesn't do any more for this show. They does for your show. So cut the crap, okay. My name is mentioned in the memo at a very joking almost our cash giveaway and right away some of the children on the morning show are like, uh, drawing little figures little pictures on there. Some of those cheaper lovers in the morning. I draw little pictures on there. Well, if I had those dwindling numbers like you guys got, I'd be starting a little paranoid and delusional too. You know what I'm saying? You follow? Yeah, I do. Yeah, they're doing sit down comedy now, those guys. And guilty, boy, you talk about the 20 years for over acting. You know, it's one thing to try to talk about trying too hard, you know? Very jackass now and this one, I mean, you know, kind of my put some original stuff. Okay, do you use this stuff at Hank and I do all the time about very jackass and this one, and that one and the Harold socks and yeah, come up with some original stuff. Is that possible there? Oh, come on, guilty. Just when I thought that he redeemed himself was really a pretty good guy. Trying very hard. And you know, trying your heart isn't going to overcome those 45 minute commercial breaks. Is that going to work? No. No. See, if you guys had some balls, if Joe Rose had balls, he'd go right to Greg Reed and beat the crap out of him. Instead of going picking on our, uh, theory, I program director. And then write little caricatures of our program director, given head to a yours truly there on the door. What a grotesque thought that is. Oh, just me the willies. Remember will be by the way. But anyway, I'm loaded for bear today, man. I'm just, I am just overflowing with good stuff. Finally, I'm getting rid of this crap. I thought yesterday I was watching Al Sun shine on Channel 4 News, which I just can't turn off, but I admit it. I can't turn it. I'm not because I like it, but because I cannot deal. I will not watch Channel 6. I will not watch Tony cigaretteo. Absolutely not. I will not watch Channel 7 for reason that I don't have to mention. I mean, that goes without saying. And Channel 10, I mean, come on. So Channel 4 News has got me forever, only by default. But a fall. So anyway, Al Sun shine is on there. And he's waving his ham hocks like always. And they're talking about a subred hot dog recall. And remember a couple of weeks ago, just before I got this flu or cold or whatever it is, which is finally going away, but very slowly. That I had some whines in my mouth back then. I'm going to talk about subredds, which about two, three times a year in the supermarket I buy hot dogs. And usually subredds cause they're damn good. And they're having a recall. He said that it's real dangerous for young people and real old people. You can get with Stereo, which is some kind of food poisoning and not salmonella, but with Stereo, who I think played second basal with salmonella, third. Now we talked about this morning, George and yours truly. And we don't know what with Stereo really is. But maybe somebody in the audience, maybe we've got like some kind of a doctor, some kind of a food poisoning specialist in the audience who can tell me what with Stereo is. And what are the symptoms? Cause then maybe I could sue this about hot dog people. But what's wrong with that? There's nothing worse to am telling you. You can get a lot of bad things from putting one of those bad whinies in your mouth. I'll tell you that right now, I do kids out there. Don't be putting any bad whinies in your post or anywhere else. You can catch some real dangerous stuff from that. Cause I have had the stomach and it's finally going away, but God is it slow. And the flam and of course going into the macarineal last night, it was 40 below zero, even in a hallway, that doesn't help too much. You know, when you try to get over a cold, I understand why it's cold on the inside because there's ice in there, you know, they're going to play a hockey game. But why in a hallway if they got to turn out like 40 below zero, I'm not complaining mind you, we had a great night last night. Nice car boy. I'm going to tell you less than three minutes. His first game back from the injury, less than two minutes and 55 seconds. And here's Paul Valberi stick a little bit in that night. Nice car baby. Oh, two bad. We had the 1000 event these seats, but you know something I can do about that. I try my best to put answers in those seats to get people out there. I know what's wrong with the people here. So, so it's expensive. So he can't afford to go all the time. But you think that in a very or four million people, we did have enough people to come close to film that place up. So we were playing the crappy islanders who dropped 3000 people a little. That's not the point. We had everybody back last night, even a big black guy named Peter who didn't score that gold by the way. He looked cool before the goal. Just to correct the error that they made last night because they're so desperate to try to make a case. See, I just, you know, it's not a racial thing. It's just he's not my kind of player. Peter will well. I'm just not into Groom's stuff. I said, Groom, that's what the G. I'm not a Groom lover. Now Paul Laws, there's a real man. There's a guy kicked a crap out of that Steve Web from the islanders last night. Just kicked a 11-star out of him. That was a real fight. That was a fight. Not, not the big black guy named Peter who got played a clock clean by the way. Last night, I kicked on his ass. And then, you know, and we noticed in the game last night he can't take a hit. He can't do shit. He's mugging the other guy. He's doing O.J. He's got his hands, his hands around guys next out there, mugging him on the guys. But if he takes it, all of a sudden he starts getting real pissed off. You're going to dish it out, Peter. You got to take it, okay. Sweetheart. And speaking of sweetheart, it's a ray-witting another phenomenal light. What a past-to-marked parish. Nice going, right? What a hot day, goal. Oh, man. That was not where he had to be there last night. But again, you know, I'm going to tell it exactly like it is. There is a major problem in the macaruna. And maybe my good friends over there can do something about it probably not. Because every time I mention this, I'm told, oh, well Wayne's got nothing to do with that. Who has something to do with the concessions over there? Is that the city of sunrise, maybe? Who is responsible for the crappy food in that place? Come to find out. You know, last year, at least they had some choices. They had some Chinese food. Maybe they can get titoni in there, huh? As long as Peter will well, don't go in there any of the food. Oh, we don't have no shfarts. Come out of the games when you get titoni in there. Not a nice white people, a juice. Fags? Oh, somebody asked me at the game last night. What if you have a black queen? How does that person tip? That's a very good question. Because yesterday, I'm going to show you we talked about bad tippers. The fact that black soda was tippers and the fags are the best tippers. What about if it's a black fang? And what about to purgore? Now, seriously, what about if it's a black queen like a little Richard for example? Or Roo Paul? Oh, I ruled the day that he walks into titonies. Excellent questions. But anyway, the food, the selection of Chinese food is gone. The Italian stuff like the apostol with sausage, which was very good. That's all gone. You got hot dogs, hamburgers, fries, onion rings. Basically, that's it. Boston concession years. Well, you guys suck. You guys suck, okay. Go back to Boston, okay. And believe me, they wouldn't take in Boston because they got Quincy market, Fanny will all. They got good food up there in Boston. Believe me, I've had it. And the food too. Boston concession years. You guys suck a big one. If you can't do better than a swivel and like even the ice cream, which I don't eat, but nevertheless, John's tell me it's like vanilla and chocolate. Wow, how exciting. At least last year, the first year, you had some choices in there. You had some good crap. It's always over price. And so this year, they cut the selection way, way down. And they jacked the prices way, way up. And you wonder why we're getting 14,000 people in every night. And there are thousands of empty seats. Even in spite of the great paville brewery and lovely ray, and the brand new plan and Mark Paris plane has got up, even in spite of that. And by the way, Robby, you still suck. Boy, that was just a good night last night. It's a great night. And yeah, we left with six minutes left, did we miss anything? No, and he goes, oh, a couple of people looked like, oh, geez, leaving, I'm leaving. I'm leaving, okay. And I make a pit stop at publics, which by the way, I'm very sorry to see that my cash only expressed line at publics lasted one day, I think. And that was the end of that. Probably some of you assholes out there with your debit cards and with your checks and all that crap. Oh, gee, we could do that. Okay, if I'm whatever you say. I still say every supermarket should be forced to have an express lane cash only for those of us who pay real cash. Don't have coupons, don't want to write checks, don't want to potch gear out with credit cards to buy seven. I mean, it's the next express line. 10 items or less. How much is it going to be anyway? Right? How much could it be anyway? Get some cash, okay? If you can't afford to pay with your groceries with cash, then just starve. That's my suggestion for, okay? I don't want to sell the incentive. Star of your ass. If you can't afford to pay with cash for your damn groceries. Two a.m. drops the green flag with motorsport center day. Center day morning, six, six with choke and stelo. Right here on Sports Radio 5.60. Two a.k. I just want P.D. I want to know that all of those American dollars on the right. A company we are Chinese to. There you are. There you are. There we are. We love you. Yeah, you're making a song. There we are. We love you. Let me tell you guys one. There we are. We love you. Now you're running in first. There we are. We love you. God, you can't be no worse. Will you say your sins of the good old boy. You want to move to peace. Being mixed up, noise. But we still don't know what you're all about. But fast-possious, comfortable still gonna shout. There we are. We love it when you're fixing the plane. We hope you feed her and let there are some fleas you gave. There we are. We love you. No, you don't need a plan. Don't go and blow it now by fixing the sand. There you got a better way. Now as a married and no one pays. Keep out, spend in your own zone. And we'll also love her love. No, Patron. We want you. Patron. We need you. Patron. But Patri is going to do something at the greatest line. And history of broadcasting. Cut that. So the more time is your show on. I would say if you just get a few more spots there and drive times. You know, you can get them down to family like numbers, their fractions. And you said, what would you write those into spots are those guys? How do you like that, B-fo? What would you rather listen to is spots are those guys? I think that may have been a shot at the morning guys. You think it might have been a little bit of a little shop there. That coming from the head cheese from the big boss from the main man, the sports mogul. The brain trust. So anyway Tom Jickah writes, let me take a call or two because we have a lady in Vulcan cheese not going to hang on. Hello. Yes, man. How are you? You are God. Yes, I am. I'm smoking today. I finally get my voice back. Talk about the brain trust. You imagine what a good show I could do if I wouldn't check half the time. But anyway. You are always great whether you are sick or not. Yeah, I am going to check. I am going to surely. Absolutely. Speaking of brain trust, Alan Greenspan speaking here on Boca today. Yeah. With that party play. But the other thing I want to talk about. Tom Jickah has left Tom the keep his mouth shut. Tom, Tom, there is an old adage old Chinese proverb. The less said the better. Absolutely. Don't the rock the boat. The other thing I wanted to talk about. And I know you haven't been talking about lately though, is my children's school. You know, I am a very involved parent. I volunteer at my kids school more than one day a week. Yeah. He goes to elementary school. He is in the first grade. Um, lately they have had a person who has been a trueer. Going into the school. Hiding out in the bathrooms and flashing the kids. Nice. And you know, I have just been trying to talk to all the parents in the area and trying to get them to band together. So that we can go out and try to find this person. I mean, maybe make the trolls and go into the bathrooms and find this person before he hurts the child. Um, but it's just the story state of our schools today. I really don't know what can be done about it. Other than if we all band together and try to get something done. But they're not. You know that. I'm not. I know. I know. I care. And I at least have one person. I mean, he's a headline in the Hello yesterday that I say, Broward gets big share of cash for the schools. Then come to find out that it's just a scan that they're taking 100 million dividing it up among all 67 counties. And Broward's getting enough money to build one new school or nearly 50 new classrooms, which is like, you know, like, like, paying in the ocean is all I, that's going to be. And you know, some of the schools on your own west focus, some of the middle schools have 50 students in every class. And you, you know what that is. That's bureaucratic bull shot. Right. How that. But I just wanted to call and just let, you know, and maybe some of the parents around here listening. And then we can, we can maybe do something. Maybe patrol the school. Well, what school is it? Um, Addison, Minds, Nour and J.C. Mitchell, and Boca Elementary. Yeah. All free of them have been hit at least three or four times since summer. And it's just the same person. They put a composite out on it. And every parent has gotten one. And it's just something that needs to be addressed and taking care of one of the many problems. Right. Okay. Well, Fridays and it's what happens. Absolutely. Hey. I'm with you, Naomi. Good luck. Hey, Karen. Bye. Well, there's a lady who cares about her kids. How do you like that? Let's hear it. There's one. So anyway, Tom, oh, here's a mobile in the crawl Springs. Hello. Oh, no. How you doing? Okay, sir. I'm glad to hear you're happy this morning if that big campus. When last night. Great game, sir. It was a great, a very entertaining, a good time was had by all. I even got to like. I lived from that, even over the world series because I hate the ankle. Out of world series was, I mean, I watched like two minutes of that. What's the point? The reason I'm calling is that you said about the cash thing and the public. I think that they should have each grocery store, especially the big ones. To have a cash only 10 items or less and not only that, but as soon as the register, scans the first item after the tenth item, it quips. No more item death account and everything gets done and put on me to shelf. No, except for me. How do I love an or 12-voltive walkers on a big show? You know, they like me. I mean, no, seriously. Do you think that if you had 11 items that you deserve to get sent back? No, no, no. Like a little kid in grade school or something. Oh, you got 11 items. You have to go back. You have to go to another one. No, come on. What about 120 items? That does piss me off. I frost my ass big time. And I do see that. I see that. And I'll tell you another scan they like to do is two people will go in together and they'll get like 20 items and then they'll like divi. They'll stand together and they'll divi them up. Yeah, they're one person to face for both. Or whatever, but I mean, the pretend is two different orders. Right. I understand. All right, now I have a good day. Nice talk. Thanks a lot, pal. I think we ought to have the more than 10 item police in the supermarket. We need a lot more guy than police. We got the J walking police. You're going to go to the impact. Which by the way, you won't have to worry about going too fast in Hollywood pretty soon. You see, oh, oh, Jesus. Oh, no. Oh. Oh. Oh. Got so much crap cut out here. Crap. Exactly. Thank you. Hollywood leader wants to speed limit. The Hollywood Lord to 25 miles an hour. Oh, right. Yeah. We're not talking about a school zone. We're just talking about basically all of the streets. You know, and of course, in Hollywood, the average ages is 100 anyway. So what? How much? What's going on to 25 miles an hour? By the way, you asshole. That was behind me this morning. I'm God damn I was very road governor. That's school zone. Go back to Maryland. You jackass. I'm not one of those people. I guess, Ben, other shape with people out of state license plates because generally speaking. In fact, I think most of the nice people are probably from out of state unless their French Canadians are New Yorkers. But nevertheless, here's this asshole. I'm not really sure what it was. It looked like mixed Lewis on a bad day within one of those strapless, uh, would hear a thing of woman. I'm not really sure even with a jeloppy. And I make my left turn percarrously there because there's a scared crap as woman in a Jeep Cherokee. She terrified to make the turn. I get out there, which there's got to be a light there by the way boys and girls. There must be a light by the stadium there and I was very road. There's got to be a light. Somebody's going to get killed there someday. Listen to me. There must be a stop light there. You're mania. So I make my turn and here comes behind me this thing in this car with a Maryland plate in a beat up to Loppy. And it's just on my ass. I mean barely. Now when you go on the overpass there, it's 35 miles an hour and very often they have the radar gun. And rightfully so because you're coming right up to a school zone just a few yards ahead. The yellow lights are flashing. It says schools zone 50 miles an hour on the sign on the street on your ass all over the place. And this little ticket is barely. And I finally just I put my arms up in here. Wait, it's to make sure he goes she whatever it was. Could see it. What do you what the hell are you doing? You ask I'm screaming. Barelling on my ass. I hate that. I hate you people that do that. It's a school zone. And even if you don't care about the little kids, it's the law. You'll get a big fat goddamn ticket. Okay. It's a school zone. You understand? You get it? Oh. 15 miles an hour. Not 50 miles an hour. 15 miles an hour. And it's only like for a block in a half. What's the big chimists? Why are you going to get? How much time in your busy busy important life are you going to miss by going 60 miles an hour for that block in a half? I guarantee you when you get another 20 blocks up the street there. They'll still have plenty of crack left for you. What do you worry about? Yeah. They got all the good stuff in our hood over here. Yeah. Now you're worried about it. They're not going to run out. They got it. Constant shipment coming into MIA to our favorite airline. But you worry about it. God. Just slow to hell down. Don't have any medium here. Do we either go in a billion miles an hour? Barely on your ass. Or they're like creeping and calling. Like they want to do a Hollywood. Like we're all about to old-farts. That's no. There's no such thing as a traffic flow. Here it's traffic. Blow. Not traffic flow. You just let me go out there for a couple of days. I'll decide. I'll take away the driver's license. I've all the assholes out there. Shouldn't be on a road. And all of a sudden life will become 100% better. That's right. And you also at the same time. Let me decide who we're deporting. Twenty me four, eleven. I'll tell you if Tony Julio's out there. Boy, they're getting even now. Because I said those nasty things. They're all true though. They're all true. Too bad. Uptight. Spicks. Keep the Hoover out the moon. Your deep bush has had his nose is clean and never put up there. Can't he run in for the White House? So he just can't his men. Don't drop in that nut all evening down the beautiful people. And Tony can't he run with you even just a master kill? Why will George just come out and simply pay he did it? He'd be precise to strike with Chuck their mouth. Oh, it's none of your goddamn business. He did more than watch your thing. Thirty watch did sound the same. Three per cocaintill has. That's the question that he does. And he made you quite much clearer. Like a razor on a mirror. But he wants a tube in ease. That he didn't do anything. George he pushed it out of his nose is clean and never put up there. He just can't his car. He's running for the White House. So he just can't his men. George he's pretty more. You're going to gag me. Just like the photo's taking him out of the mud of the bed. No video Ricky Martin shake your bottom on. There you go. Thank you. Get him out of our face. Get him out of our lives. Go away Ricky. Okay. Go away. Man. Go see your buddy bend over. Okay. Get out of here. It's a 1045 with 560 W. So Tom Jicker writes. I won't be far getting Tom Jick. I'll say that. Notice how I started with that. 10 o'clock and it's almost 11 o'clock. I can milk it baby. I can milk it. I've been good on the farm. You know what? Especially with those young farm hands. But anyway. Getting back to these numbers. To the ethnic aspect of this is the surprise him and the stuff we talked about yesterday with tytones. We got lots and lots of shfarts. Listen to this show. We love our dark and perfect friends. Don't we want to show? You bet. I've always said that. That's why they're listening. Let's true. I love those darkies. I mean, I was whatever they are. Spooks. Man 2554 black. Now we can't compete with like hot 105. You know, I wonder how Bob Green now feels. Being in the king of the shfarts is. Huh? Wonder how he feels. He's got three radio stations over there that they own now. Cox in this market and two of the marsh farts is stations. EDR and hot 105. Hot's got a 25.4 share. EDR's got a 20.5. Let me take out 45% of the men 2554 almost half listening those two stations. Bob Green kings of the king of the shfarts. That's clear for Bob. Love 94 or third that's that jazz man. It says he George has to be. Why would black guys do us a love 94? It's dance. And number four midday 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. WQAM. It's. Oh God. Well, the 6.9. Well, the 69 with the darkies. How do you like that? 6.9. Thank you so much. My dark complex is friends. We're at least a sense of humor. Unlike our Julio friends who were dropping like a rock. Well, you know, the most interesting number of all here to me. In this summer book. Since we're so numbers oriented in this business. I mean, well, that's what we live and die by this crap. You know, how come that line nine hasn't ran yet this morning? I might actually take that. They don't know the number yet too bad. Well, and Greg says, oh, yeah. We're going to get that straight now right away. It'll be for the whole country. We'll get that straight now. That's right. That's all. And what's the. Yeah, we believe you. Greg. What did he say? I want. So many men 25 to 54. Other. Other. Yeah. George says to me, this morning, what does that mean? Other. I says not not. White. Yeah. White. Anyone. Yeah. Oh, white. You mean like, non-tube and non-black, non-niported. We can non-niported. Yeah. No Jews are in here, okay? Jews. White people. Jews. But anyway, so like Red next Jews, Wallace and men 2554, other, meaning non-Hispanic and non-black. Crackers. WQAM 10AM-2PM number one with a 17.2 share. Wow. I'm squeezing myself right now. I'm so excited about that. That means that more than one out of every six non-ethnic men in Dayton, Broward is listening right now, as I speak. One out of every six non-ethnic men. And quite frankly, you look at the other five who wants them anyway. Seriously, who wants those other five ugly guys anyway? So one out of six, now if I can just pick and choose which one out of the six, then I'll have them in and I'm looking for. Thank you all, you white guys. Nice going. Oh, for coming to your pretty old man. But hispanics, we took a big dip there with a five point. Oh, that number eight. From number one to number eight, maybe they just all left with a summer. No, they didn't need for the summer. They just pissed off and fired up. Even though they claimed that they disassociated with all that grow test stuff that was coming on, that I had the audacity to tell the truth about, all those blocking of the streets and all that other crap in a goddamn low's bond bond, all that stuff. They get very upset about that. I think they were just all in the real fair line. No, they were not like I'm picking on them. See there you go again, professional little Cuban defending the undefensible. I wasn't talking about the Cuban. Yeah, well, I was Puerto Ricans, they're listening. Both of them. Like the one guy that came by the hockey game the other night and said that you're an asshole. He's listening right now. He's a good guy, by the way. What color was he? Kind of like Malf. But anyway, what color is Malf? And that like gray? Yeah, who's kind of like gray? He was an old guy, you know? Can't help it when we get over, start getting a little get gray. So all we got to work here is there are Hispanics and by the way, we actually have some women. But I'll tell you, these people that say, oh, you got a lot more when you think. According to arbitrage, these are the numbers. Average quarter hour men. Right? How is that? We got so much. I love when we get my good friend, Maddie Bell. I maybe you can do your imitation of Maddie Bell. That was wonderful. I was great. George put on an act this morning that was sensational. Of course you can't use those words. I don't think. Anyway, we are. Yeah, definitely lead me out of the railroad tracks. I didn't go out to lunch because I hope just in road. I'm out of my mind and I got them freaking best. Lindsay, please lead me out of the goddamn railroad tracks. Well, think I like about this place. Everybody really loves me. Oh, yeah. The camaraderie, you know, the real team spirit that we have here. Just like my good friend, B.F. I like B.F. Always a good guy. Just have a little fun with him. And he brings this kid to me last night between periods of the hockey game. And he'll try to lay a guilt trip on me. Even though he tried to make the appearance that they came over to talk about hockey, you're not fooling me before I know the way you operate. His kids taking crap because I called D.F. The sugarman of woodbuff. It's a joke. It's just, you know, well, what else should I call him? A degenerate gambling drunk. I mean, yeah, he's a good guy. We like him. He just, you know, have a rough life. We like D.F. But he's sensitive. He's uptight. Anyway, we have 28,800. Person 25 to 54 between 10 and 2 every day. average quarter hour, quite arbitrary in the summer book. 24,000 are men 25, 54. That means we have 4,800 women. Are you following those numbers again? Let me say it again. 24,000 men. 4,800 women. Between 25 and 54. Listen to this program any quarter hour every day. Yeah. So we have tons and tons and tons of men and a, dribbling of women. We have some women dribbling out there. Which I'm sure that that prospect gets you all emotional. Megoradio move. Tom, jick, away. I could have written this myself from what I said in the area yesterday. So don't tell us you don't listen to him. And I take it back. You don't have to go buy radio because you must have borrowed somebody else's. Megoradio move 103.5 rating shift. Is that what I said was the big story in the ratings? Huh? Is that disco crap? Oh, this will get our Hispanics back. Here we go. And by the way, we're still up to Cuba. That's good. So go last night to give you this fortune. I saw Mr. Cuba Cuba. Cuba, Cuba Libre. I just go and sell it. The fortune that we've been posting to touch that. Okay, fortune drills. All right. Here we go. I don't even know what to do. I don't even know what to do. Can you fix something about your fortune there? Put some salsa on the spark. What do you say? All right. We'll play that whole thing. 20, 30 times. Get all this mixed back. Anyway, Tom Jicker writes the lazy days of summer didn't bring much change at the top of Miami Fort Lauderdale radio rankings, but there was a mega move in the middle of the pack. That's going there. A mega move. Kind of a little play on word there from little Tom Jicker. What I kind of linguist is. He's buying stuff. The all-new mega 103.5 a dial position that burned out with hard rock as WSH and never gained traction as soft adult contemporary the planet. A little bit too soft, I think. Is the hottest new musical format to hit South Florida since this go. Oh yeah. Woo. Indeed, the beat of Miami which WMGE's megma also uses the calling card. The first back of the days of disco in its playlist, which is salted with artist especially popular on his fan of criminal. Lori Estefan. T.C. in the Sunshine Band. It's a great step on understanding the spic-locker because she's one of their zones she couldn't sing for crap. But K.C. in the Sunshine Band, what does that have to do with his fanics? They like dance, baby. K.C. in his fanick. He was big down here in the day. He was very big down here. He was at my house. With a bunch of ugly queens. But nevertheless, he was at my house when we did that show around from the house on Zeta that time. We had a big party. K.C. was there. How you don't K.C. maybe? He's still getting the royalties. He's still getting those visuals. I heard his bird died though. As the planet, the station languished in 20 second. Come on, let's get a little moment please. Come on. All time, C. Here we go. That's the one we got a little bit of a guy sitting here for K.C. in my house. Did that's the way I like it. I was K.C. looking young queens. What did they do in my house K.C.? Especially the ones that we didn't bat at this. And he said. As the planet is staying with us. I'm on fire today. You know, all I got to do was give a little voice back. And I can do a show. No seriously. I told you a week ago. And then I kind of got away from that. Because I've had this luringitis with a fool for a couple of weeks. I mean, if I can't be more entertaining than. Oh, gee, what are your thoughts on it? Lack of water. Depue game this week. Can't. Or if I can't be more entertaining than that. And I'm always behind it up. You know. As the planet, I'll get to this eventually. The station languished in 22nd place. And by the way, I have my Louise Miguel Schmott there. Why am I neck? What would you call this besides lovely a towel? It's like a Louis Miguel towel. Say a sweat towel. So when you go to the concert, you can dog your brow. Oh, you look like Rocky. After the switch to mega in July, it's swords to a tie for 11th among listeners. 12 plus which the radio industry recognizes the overall audience. Megas debut performance, Robert Tron's summer book is even more impressive on the list of the 25 to 54 which is known in the business as the money demographic. Because it is one of the most often bought by advertisers 25 to 54. That's what we want. That's what we crave. I kind of like craving to 25. But that's another story. Megas almost tripled a chair of the audience and skyrocketed from the 18th in the spring to a tie for fourth in a summer book. That's here for disco. They're going to come back. A big juicy squeeze and bloody come back. To be continued by the way. Oh, yeah, it's a long article in Tom scored score. He's all over my leg in there. It's by the fact that I said the other day on this show that he's by the Oh, he knows that. 1056. Any of those are like him. He's a good guy. He's just way behind the time. He's got to put 1056 at 560 WQA. Okay. Hey, man. Who the hell are you? I'm Kurt Cobain. I was in the group, Nirvana, man. I don't like them. I'm preparing you to me. You had to let the albums. I had money hit record. I was a mop top on top of the world until I married the goose and got shot dead. Hi. I'm Marma Carr. Avoid the ham sandwich. I'm Karen Gottender. Can I have one? Bye. I can't see you. Oh, shut the f*** up. How you doing, Kurt? I'm buddy Holly. Have you seen my glasses? Hey. Look at all these other place cards at my table. Keep Richards, Sinatra, and all of the black grows. Yeah, there'll be you and Tom for dinner. You know what I'm saying, all of you. You see, why not? What's that? Oh, man. That's just the armor that drummer feller from definitely a charter. Something like that. It's 11.25. 15. Did you come? Oh boy. Then we got Hank with B-05 to six. Then six of the clock we got Hurricane Hotline. Eight till 10. It's the books you read, Kaplan after that because Bluff is crossed out that world series game number five. So I guess there must not be no world series game. Thank you, Bluff. Like I wouldn't have known that, right? But if you come in here and borrow my pen to cross out. World series game number five tonight. I was going there, duh. He's doing something by the way. Guys, he's doing something. Some photo radio time goes on to save remains in FM world. In the, and this is after all his going on about mega. Which like I told you that was the big story. In the 12 plus breakout, 14 to the 15 highest rank stations are on the FM band. The exception being Spanish language talker W-A-Q-I-A-M-710. The video on B. Hip hop W-E-D-R-F-99.1 held this position as the market's most popular station. Easy listening W-L-Y-F life is next followed by Latin pop radio on more. And you dance music power 96, which tie for turn. Hot 105 who sounds there for me to the E-D-R fills up the top five. So what do they do? Just punch back and forth is that when they both have like more than a 20 share. The dark folks between E-D-R and Hot 105 and all the young guys that one of the black, the white guys that one listen to rap, the old violence listen to hot. The younger one listen to E-D-R. The older shards listen to Hot 105 and the younger ones listen to the E-D-R. Hot 105 is like coast for black. And at one point the white guy's stop listen to the E-D-R and listen to a rap. And opening up their windows and trying to impress everybody with the hip and cool they are even other whites. At what point? 40. The rise to the top 10 consists of contemporary H-W-A-W-A-H-H-Y-Y-100. W-A-Q-I-C-Jazzy-Love-94. And a country music kiss. When I was going there, Bob McCay, I became one of the more of the no kiss had a good book, okay? Which means that we got a lot more of those pickers down here than ever before. Country music kiss and classical W-T-M-I guess Scott's worth left to assume. The highest rated English language station is on AM. Sports intensive W-Q-A-M-A-M-560 and 16th place. 40. 16. God, then. Yeah. Oh yeah. Greg looked at this. Greg hadn't seen this. See, he don't, I guess nobody could be the paper doing this morning. So we hadn't even seen this. So this is the right promotional thing for us, I said yeah. And then he kind of like soldered out. It says, while mega took off and here comes some of the good part. This is what we got him erect. While mega took off W-A-F-N-A-M-1700, which launched the challenge to W-Q-M-Sports field and August failed to register in the Arbor-Tron book, which measures as far down as one tenth of a share of a point. Point zero one. It measures as far as a tenth of a percent of a point. Maybe this should go to hundreds. So let me ask you, what's the point? And maybe that's why there are sales people who are all walking out. And maybe that's why we're hearing these rumors that they can't pay anybody over there. And maybe that's why nobody would have brainwitted advertising on that station because they have no audience, boys and girls. They have no audience, zero zippity, doodod. There we go again. No audience, no measurable audience. And they will have no measurable audience. Under any circumstances, they suck, they blow. It says, this is not surprising. Goes time, jica, on to say. The All Sports Form at a TraxxA Loyal but a limited niche audience, niche. Even W-F-A in the New York, the model for All Sports Form. Reportedly, the top building station in terms of ad rates in America. I'm sorry to say. Finish is in the middle of the pack in the overall audience numbers. However, successful sports stations are cash cows because their audience is dominated by young males, the most difficult group to reach on a regular basis. See, I have to break the news to you. We're most of our cash cows. The only problem is this is more like a cash pig because we got all the money being sucked out of here. By John Henry and Wayne Hypinga. So we could be a cash cow except for those very, very high broadcast rights fees. There we go. Only $50 million. That's the problem. Otherwise, we'd be drowning in a sea of cash. Well, we really wouldn't because the bees wouldn't turn it loose anyway. But we could be drowning in a sea of cash. If it weren't primarily for the Marlins, for the goddamn Marlins. How do you like that? The Marlins are what's killing this place. And that's just because we got something that's building. We want to be the sports mogul. What the hell is that? Get out of here with that. I must be crazy. I must be not. Well, it was the next one that's right next to it. Anyway, so this is not to pour. However, sports stations are this and that. Well, almost all the major sports franchises in South Florida locked up. WQM has got a strangle hold on a format. Greg saw that and he like pop food right there on the side of the task. And get out of here with that. It is serendipity. Remember the serendipity singers? What was the name of that song they had? So let the rain, what was it? Fall on your on your back dome? What was it? I forget. I don't even talk about it. The serendipity singer. I don't. That's the rain and something. By the way, did anybody calling about with steering? No. Well, why not? Do we have any medical people out there? No, I think about food poisoning in bacteria and things like that. Give me my close personal friend, Al Sunshine. We'll call it and give us the load on a map. But I doubt it. Ascle. Anyway, it says it is serendipity that WQM also has the market's dominant personality, Neil Rogers. Without, and I hope that the morning crew, the people that are drawing little pictures on Duff's memo there. I hope they're listening right now, but I'm sure they're not because they're probably listening to some stupid sports press conference right now. Without Rogers overwhelming audience shares, which are triple and quadruple, what the station does the rest of the day, and it's target demographics. WQM would slide a few notches further down the list. Rogers is second in this time period among all listeners, but is number one among men 2554. Thanks in large part to him. WQM ties for third with WEDR for the entire day in this demographic breakout. Men 2554. The top slot also is essentially a one-man show. Thanks to Howard Stern in the morning, WBG, Big FM, which is number 17 overall. Is number one with adult males. So basically what he's saying is here are two phantom radio stations, WBG, FM, which rides on Howard's ass, for all of its numbers, and WQM, which runs on my ass. Oh God! Fat, fat, fatty ass, for its numbers. And without us, we'd be way, way down in the middle of that cesspool of stations that are like also ranes. Afterthoughts, after birth. Nice going Tom. Quite a funny article there for my close personal friend Tom Jika. But he's my buddy. Never stole a freight train. And isn't that amazing that all of the Sunday writes an article about radio after I've been chastizing that city was boss of the hockey in my site. By Tom or radio, come on please, of course this article I'm sure had all been written and had no. Sure had. Let's get Tom writing about radio. There's all kinds of goings on here. This guy then mega smigma thing is a big story. It's not our station. It's queer channel. Those are the bad guys. The enemy. David Ross. All those glam. Pete Boulder. That crew. The unmentionedables. And yet, we just tell the like it is here on this show. That's why people listen. Even when it hurts. It's not our station. It's somebody else's station. But they're smoking or hotter than the goddamn pistol. Or maybe that's why it's playing his friend. Oh, and they're all I gotta tell you this. They're playing this at the hockey game in between periods last night and there's a couple of guys down in a front row. And they're doing the whole like this way. Yeah, yeah, yes. No, yes. That's for kids. These are guys I would say like 20ish, 21. College of health. They don't even have to. They won't drunk. And they work bags. Well. Tony. They were doing the whole. And of course they were hoping that they'd put on the big screen up there because all these people these handbones with hockey game. They wanted everybody to see him on a big screen. Like assholes. You know. Acting like I want your fruit flies. So I guess here's the deal. All the young people are they don't realize that when disco was out of originally in the 70s. It was a. Fug. Thanks. You don't realize that. They don't get it. They probably don't even know who the village people are. So they like the music. You know. So there are. Do you think driving? Yeah. Yeah. They don't even get to the. Oh, kill it. Even I can't even an old queen like me can't stand that. Just me the willies. 10 times 11 at 5. 60 WQA. Ray Whitney has a pair. For the guys who did check song. For girls. For some. And some one. That. That we couldn't do a song. Do a song. That was a dumb. I like to give advice to the side to this. I value down and best. I eat instant and on one leg. This is summer. It's summer. A life span. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. I. A. to wear a neck tie. People always say, of a man the peels, not the hostage, let's make a deal. A wear a tethacon underneath the eye and legs, especially rather just no truth of the change. Something is but a dog depicted at his hands, really. If he thinks that he ain't not the only baby, just as a day I got a king of souls. If he thinks the reality can beat our boss, I think the first ride that comes to my head. I'm a big fan of the right-sets fan. And then email on my brand new computer. People who drive to work are familiar. The other way, we just better know at sports. Things this song make me feel like it's door. I feel like we're doing up, running it, different ways, and it's good things. It's good to be vulnerable. I've worked this song so it's done. I'm not dumb enough. I'm a little bit out of this state. I'm a family in this. Didn't see it. It wasn't me. It was since the last time that I was in our family. 1116 at 5.60WQA. By the way, let's test out our, and the good word is from Blufflands, you just came in here to get the morning guys real aggravated because he's paying too much attention to the show now. Am I right about that? Yeah, they'll be drunk more up soon of the on our door tomorrow. But our nationwide toll-free line, it has been ordered. The orders in George, in other words, the phone line is in, and of course we're supposed to believe that it was originally ordered for the whole country. Do we believe that? No, that's a great set to the believe it all. But nevertheless, what about the roll over? It's not going to roll over, don't you understand? Dummy, it's one line. If it rolls over, that means that a whole bunch of people could call it the same time, which means we'd never be lacking for calls, which would be nice for us. But if the same time, that means that it would bring a run-up age gigantic bill. They never hold on anyway. What do you mean by that? It would only be, they would only be on there for 10 minutes, the most. They never hold on online nine. I hate to break these. They're not paying for it. Right. They're not paying for it when they call locally. Yeah, but what they call from out of town, they're like highly motivated in town. And those people, look at the phone right now. Is that call on their right now? And they're out of town. Of course, I didn't want any right now, because I was talking. Although I do want one online nine, no one in the out of town line, which are number two or three is 877-785-Neil, any I.L. One, 877-785-6345. All over Florida, Palm Beach, Ford Myers, Naples, Port Charlotte, Venice, Raidenton, Sarasota, Samokali, Immacoli, Loots, Jamesville, Tampa, Lakeland, 877-785-Neil. Let's find out if it's working there. Let's see what the lay of the land is with this guy, did. I don't see nothing happening on this thing, do you? And of course, if I answer it right away, coal, then it doesn't have to go on hold at all, then we have to run up a bill, which makes them happy. WQM, Batline, hello. Hello. Yes, sir? Mr. Neale. How you be doing? I'll keep you here. I'm right. I heard you were speaking about me yesterday, so I figured I could get you a call on you. What are you, where are you? Fort Myers. You're in Fort Myers? Yeah, somebody had to call on the 877-7-7 number four. You said you're begging for a call. What are you doing at Fort Myers? You know, travel state wander around. Good stuff. Have you had Jacob in the truck of your car? We both wish I did. Can I be straight over to see you? Yeah, but you would. Great game last night. I had no idea what you've been talking about, so I just turned on your show. It comes in great over here on 777-7. Right. Great game last night, Burry, looking credible. They got they finally got wise with Chris Weld, that is out. And you notice we got Burry and Ray Wittney back last night, which of course made purish play fantastic. And Burry gets two and Wittney gets one plus two assists. So there's three of the six goals right there. What are two guys who came back? And the big black guy got some of the people all excited because they like seeing him out there, even though I don't know what he's looking for. Look, purple, he's there, but nevertheless. And the guys that came back all of a sudden set this team on fire. Let me tell you, Neod. Much rather than the kid to wore out there, banging bodies than that little 50 wells out there who doesn't know anything. Yeah, that's a good point. That's a good point. Yeah. He looks, he looks more than the suit though. He sits big in the crowd. If they get fit, he'll wore out on front of a net. Just like, you know, it's the smell. You could do it. He'll wear all things up a lot more. Well, he's been far than that one. Cuba got his first ever NHL goal. He was blocking out Felix's body. I noticed Felix's pot fan was holding up his sign here the end of the second period saying, getting me out of here, please, and they did. Now, that's not a particular thing. Did he get that to Cuba or I thought wore out? Now, they originally, they gave it to a world. They stuck with that for a long time, but I noticed in the paper this one and they changed it to Cuba. He got to go, more I'll never touch it. You could see on a replay. He never touched it and the fuck you there. Well, hey, as long as he's out there banging bodies, you know, and we can keep that crisp well, up in the stands, you know, goodbye by crisp well. Okay, Dave. All right, Neil, thank you. Say how to Jake and for me. Hey, I'll bring him down in the next day. Give him a big juicy kiss on the lips for me. You know it, okay. Oh, poor Jacob, huh? He's going to have to live with us. That's okay. He can handle it. He's a good guy. They can all handle it. By the way, speaking of handling, I'm really looking at there's an editorial in the hero today about the tytony. I still can't get over. I mean, the response, all the people of the doc and Game Last type had all over talking about was tytony and the Chief Sports is not who don't tip. We don't want to offend our sports listeners out there. We got a 6.9 and black guys out there. We don't want to offend those guys, but they got a good sense of humor. They love this show. See, the black people in the stand, they have a sense of humor. The Julio is, they're like uptight, like George. They're uptight, professional, sticks. Comey. Yeah, see? See? Now, you see what I'm talking about? That's why I have to contend with every day. Uptight little speck who pretends that he's not pretty differently is. You gotta see when he starts getting psychotic on the phone. And there always know it's somebody who's a fashion Cubans. And so these these starts screaming at him. I don't like that. Yeah. That Joe Costo told me a whole story about the, in fact, when you were renting and raving with him in here, and I had a kick as an answer to that. It was all about the Cubans stuff. And how embarrassed you are by these up noxious old Julio's calling in my account. And all that stuff, you know? Yeah. And it isn't embarrassing. It is embarrassing. The fact that we got at 1.2 million Julios in date, county, and we got to stick in five shared here. And we ought to have like, and we know that they're all listening. That's the sad part, but they won't put it down. Lire, liar, pants on fire. Maybe they go to the Gregory School of To Truth. Here's a mobile informe, I heard. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir, how you doing? All right. I used to live over there and I just happened to flip across the stations and heard your voice angle. Neil, and you don't do any advertising over here. Do we do what? You don't do any advertising over here. I didn't know you were on the radio. We don't do any advertising over here. We're talking about promotion. You got to be kidding me. It was your show on. We don't do any promotion. This is the measly red company. It's cheap as they come. We don't even ever got what a sandwiched board walking up and down the boardwalk over there. If you have a boardwalk, we don't have any of that promotion. Nobody even knows that I'm on over there. And we still got a number. Oh, it's great to hear you're blurthing. It's also kind of enlightening to know that it hasn't changed over there. I mean, it doesn't sound the same. It's exactly the same. When do you believe? When did you get out of here? Oh, it's much worse. Oh, I don't know. I got a new owner for the ball team. And he wants the same crap as the old one. There's nothing changes. Right. Yeah. All right. You have a good one, Neil. Great hearing from you, pal. Bye, bye. Have a great day. How do you like that? This toll-free line man. Wait till we get the nationwide toll-free line. All these mumsers here in town that have been making me big for calls for 23 years on every station, morning, noon, night, AM, FMPM. You're going to be sorry, boy, because you're going to be cut off. They're going to take away your or whatever it is. It's right. Of course, most of the same people I talked to with the games and the remote. They say, oh, I never call 99% of the people out there wouldn't call a talk show. You know, unless you're close for talking about sports, they do like talking about that. I don't want our black friends to take it the wrong way, but the audience does enjoy. In fact, even black people like when we talk about sports is because at least, you know, it gives them a little publicity. They've decided stuff like, oh, Jay crap like that, you know, and murderers. There's a lot of good black people out there. Right there. Lose and loads. Why are you smoking when you say that? That's worth it. Speak. Here's a mobile in Naples, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing sir? Great. Hey, that last time you got a call from Fort Myers. I think you just may be turned on the radio because the guy does the morning show down here. Joe, he's always, always giving you a plug. We love Joe. Yeah, they're always giving you a plug down here. Those are our pies on. He's our buddy, amigo. Yeah. All right, man, I thought I could give you a little spot of the spy report on that. And how do you like this free line? We got for you now. That's great, man. We're doing it. Yeah, that's great. All right. See you. See you. See how do the bees will use two for us over there in the West Coast. Okay, tell her a bunch of cheap bricks and crappy dresses. They make, they make me look like a fashion plate and I'm a slob and proud of it. Oh, that's that thing is smoking, man. We thought we'd get the toll free number for all over the world. I don't care what the bill is. That's at least they can do for this show. Here is the right, like, even Tom's, I'm going to read it again. I'm just going to pat myself on the back for hours today. Because Tom knows, I mean, Tom realizes I like him, but I have to have fun at his expense. Tom's, I know seriously. He's like default. I like default. Two. He's a good guy, but it is one of those people. You like Remer? There's a claim he's the classic example. Of course, George has, he doesn't have purpose because he hates him like poison. Oh, you guys, you guys bonded very well. I decided there are two that had to be to the off. You should have seen it both. There was George and Remer sitting right across from each other. Do the ones that started all this fall to rumors. Now, which one we're doing a kicking out of the table? We both were. Well, they're shoes off, of course. But at any rate, let's see, Remer's a perfect example. He's a good guy. He's a friend of mine. He's a great guy, but he's one of the, and it's not just me. I finally cured him of that. He's always like, oh, you're always ripping me. Yeah, but I have a radio show. Everybody in the Panther organization, everybody in the sports world. He's one of those people whose destiny in life is to be made fun of. He's a good guy, but he just, he, you look at him and you say, here's the guy who's got a need to be picked on. You know, like the class is a nerd. Not that he's a nerd, but George said he was. Here's Gainesville. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing, sir? Wonderful. All right. Okay. It's one of the, I wanted to chime in on this thing about who tipped that and what ethnic groups? Yes, sir. I don't know much about that, but all I know is I'm up here in UF. And I'm in one of the, one of the groups on campus, one of the student group. And I was out there in what's called Trolling Complaser, which is, which is the main cross-area in Gainesville. If if any UF students who are listening, Yeah. It's the biggest, the biggest, the biggest congested place on campus. It between all the major areas on campus. And I was working for this group and they were paying this money to pass out to stuff. We're passing out toothpaste. Met's Methodin. It was very good. Yeah. Guess what group of people, what two groups of people, could not go by without stopping him for something for it? Blacks. And Jews. All Asians. Asians. Asians. Asians and Gainesville. Asians and all the students. All the smart ones. You know, a bunch of groups. Oh, that's right. They're very bright. All the bright ones. All the blacks would stop by. They were you beginning. What you got? So, I got a spooks and goops. Yeah. So, I was thinking about it with the, when the Asian guy said the blacks on tip wall, but they still, they're like, have we seen it time in the gavones? Right, exactly. And they keep on taking. They want more to space in what? Anything for free. Right. And it's like a magnet that drawn right to it. Watch out for those moly's man. I don't know. OK. Everybody take. Keep your thumb on it. 27 after 11 and 560 WQF. Neil Rogers is my lover. And now, a royal flush. Princess, are you in there? Yes. Could you bring Princess to Mauritius? Yeah, OK, bitch. So, let me ask you this. Don't you think a world BM is probably a little more like delicate? Playable. Uh-huh. It's a lot of 32 or 560. Probably not because they all had spotted dick. Anyway, the hero that in tour lives is today. And this was all over the news yesterday. By the way, I want to thank my dark and plugged friend for bringing that up. Even though I didn't know what he was talking about yesterday. But when I said, you talk about tytoni yet. Oh, I was embarrassed because that in the hotel. He was a tytoni. To a tree. All I could think of was, uh, yeah, like, Tony Orlando. That sounds good to me. Time to a goddamn big oak tree in hangers. So, I'm going to have to hear that crappy song again. Oh, and it sounded to me like some kind of an Italian like rigatoni, you know? I have some tytoni with extra cheese. And I forgot all about that great story on a front page of the paper yesterday. So, it's been j-all over the place. The hero that it tour lives is today. A tit for tytoni. Her role mate Tony tack a rod on each reminding that he's in the hospitality business. If not a tutorial on US Civil Rights Law. The owner of tytoni arrest run on soundpeach apparently thinks it's acceptable to discriminate among customers based on skin color and presumed tipping habits. As in tip the third. In outraged patron and a stump police officer told the hero to how Mr. talk a lot of explaining, I just include the gratuitity on people's checker. I don't think tip good. Those people don't tip good. Those people. Those of course, means black people. This from the man who 10 years ago told the hero that many blacks lacked the energy to be waders at his restaurant. Hello, it says with six O's on it. Six O's on it. As Mr. talk a lot of heard that is neighbor down the beach, Joe Stonecrab, settled a federal employment lawsuit for not hiring women servers. Does he forget that in South Beach your best customers? Come in any entire nationality or shade of color. And once insulted, vote with their feet by walking out. Does he forget that? Uh-huh. Oh. Or maybe he just doesn't care. I guess they're all those never stand out. Maybe he's doing real good business. In fact, maybe there's a whole bunch of other people that might actually come in there now because they're the guests that won't see too many shlarts isn't there. What? What year are you smoking and laughing about that? And I'm not suggesting that he's got to write to do that because it's certainly highly illegal. That's why tell people to go back to the back of the bus again, you know, or drink from a separate water fountain and stuff like that. Ill-eagle, but. But nevertheless, maybe somewhere in a recessive as my these thinking, you know, if I get some publicity that these shlarts isn't in here, they think they can come in here and be safe. People that are paranoid about eating the restaurants with black folk. Which I think is kind of silly. I know, if I go to a nice restaurant, I don't mind if there's like maybe one or two black people in there. Of course, I prefer that they be waiting on people or maybe in the kitchen or maybe standing on a table singing, oh man, River, you know, like it, uh, at our pies on there at the macro and he grill. No, what's wrong with that? What's wrong with a few black people doing in there while you're eating your meal? Two or three? Probably on the other side of the restaurant? What? Well, you know, they have all those little kids and they make a lot of noise, they get up and they start jitter bugging into the side of the table, you know, that, you know how that works? That's the last thing you want in the Thai restaurant, the bunch of little kids that jitter bugging all over the place. Yeah, they're like, live with a screw up your damn, uh, you know. What is that? What was her name yesterday? The, uh, the wife? Tootsie roll, what was her name? Saman roll. Saman there, they're, they're a little screw up your spring roll, you're a salmon roll. I mean, that, that's story, you're right, you people are kids, they were peeing on my leg at the hockey game last night. Thousands of people. Just, and it had nothing to do with Nina, necessarily, just reading the story out of the newspaper was so amusing as it was. I mean, here's this poor cop who's married to a dark, complexed lady and her name is salmon roll. All you angels fans out there ever see Tim Salman roll? I bet you have. 560, 70560, pound 560 on the AT&T, where I was lunch. We want to hear from some black bags out there and find a few big good tipers or not. Which category do you swing in sway two? Because you can't have it both ways, so to speak. I mean, you can't, you can't do one of those cheap black tipers. They don't tip good and also be a flag who's supposed to be the best tiper. You got to pick. You got to pick which group is most important to you, okay? Like his in jupal and those guys, all those dark and how come it is that most I shouldn't say that? But it's true, most black gay people, men at any rate, tend to be very swishy. You know, I wrong about that. Is that another ugly stereotype that we're perpetuating? But that's just my, I don't know, what about the gay black men that are swishy? How do you know that they're gay men? How does one know? I don't know. I'll have to answer whatever I guess. Here's a higher lea, hello. Yes, I'm here. Yes, you're first time calling the elder. Yes, sir. I was, I drive around town. I drive around town. I have five, sixty. I am an either listening to you or to Hank, you know. So you were talking about the express line in a grocery store. And so when I was in the store today, I was in the express line. It was one person ahead of me. Yes. It was wild. It was crazy. The woman, the cash register, the woman of the cash register, she came around and took all the groceries out of the grocery basket for the lady. Oh, I would say 15 to 20 pieces. But that is in the main reason I'm calling you. Yes. This box, you're setting down? Well, is that the end of that story? No, no, no, I was sitting down. Yes, I'm sitting here firmly. I'm holding onto it right now. It comes to bottom line. I'm from grass. Yeah. The woman working behind the cash register. I didn't hear the conversation. Like she pulled out our own checkbook and wrote a check for the groceries. That's all I believe, isn't it? Who pulled out a checkbook? The woman to cash here? Yeah, yeah, the cash here. The one working at the grocery store. Why did she do that? I have no idea. But I just, you know, you're telling people you have cash in that pocket, you know, money. But the cash, the first five of the register, both out of the checkbook and signed the check for the groceries for her. Maybe it was her mama. Right, right. Yeah, it was probably your mama. And that's the, but I think they were both Cuban ourselves. Because I always say when I go up to the checkout and something that 50 names, I always say your mama. Ha ha ha ha. You can have a great day, pal. So, anybody get what you were saying in it? No, no. Just trying to pick on those four Cubans again. We're never going to get back to that 8.5 sharing Cuban men. If you keep picking on Cubans like that, sir. We're desperately trying to win back our Cuban friends. Oh, yes, we are. It's by the Georgian. His arrogant god damn attitude. 560, 505, 60 on the AT&T line. 877, 785, Neil, any I.L. On a tool for you number that we want to keep hopping. We want to keep that thing busy. We want to keep it smoking. 22 till noon at 2 a.m. I got two sets of red. My dad's not me. He makes you and he, I guess. When I was younger than me. I was killed by my daddy. I walked her and my dad's not me. I was a little dream. It's not a meeting of him. Every time I'm alone, you know. He beat me and he beat me throughout their row. And I was my daddy to go. He's up the end. Oh, him so, the power of our row. So, they're gonna let him go. My dad's not me. Oh, he made me do. Get it up to my dad. So he's the one who did it. He'll live the human life in it. But what the hell? I'm not a demon. What the hell? What the hell? I got her come a lot of Bill Owen says that substantial new evidence has come forth. That's a ram he's better get their ass over there. And he says, if I could speak to John and Patsy Ramsey, I would tell him the quit hiding behind the attorneys, quit hiding behind their PR firm, come back to Colorado and face the music. It can help us find a killer, even though it's probably them. He's what he said. So many three years ago, what tells a big hurry now? What's the rush? What's the rush to judgment? And let me ask you this. Is John Bane Ramsey the only kid that's been murdered in American last three years? Huh? She was a little beauty queen. She was a little queen. Had a lot of file footage, a lot of video of her dancing inside. Because they know there have been some queens murdered in American last three years. Oh, it'll care about them. Most of them don't make the news. Like that kidney army. But anyway, let's speak in a murderers by the way, and the great stuff that goes on in this slaughterhouse of a country that we live in. Here's a big story. Wait to hear this. The fact that this is in the newspaper. This is in the Sun Sentinel. Under those kinds of odds and ends columns, you know, where they had these little tidbits from stuff that's going on around the country and around the world. Exituted killer had marijuana in blood. Oh my God. Are you ready for this? I don't think you were better sit down. The relationship is different. Marathon, water, relationship, difference, marijuana. Montgomery, Alabama, baby. A convicted killer executed in Alabama for much ago. May have smoked a better hang on tight. May have smoked marijuana before he was put to death at President's folksman said on Wednesday. But he's healthy. Now, why do they kill him? I think this is in the newspaper. Like, oh my God. He was smoking a wicked weed. Forensist experts found traces of marriage, weenie in the blood and urine of Brian Baldwin, who was put to death due late, after 22 years on death row. 22 years on death row, smoked a little pinjoy before they fried his ass. And here's a story for kidnapping and murdering a girl 16 state corrections folksman Tom Gillickson said. He could have smoked it in a cell who knows marijuana can stand the blood for a long time. Gillickson said the samples were taken immediately after the execution and the story. Yeah, right. So what's the point? He was smoking weed in his cell. See, once you're in prison, you have to worry about it because you can't get like arrested for it. You know what I'm saying? Can't get busted for smoking a wicked weed in prison. And when you're on death row and you're going to fry your ass, they can't like extend your sentence. So that's what you guys out there to want to smoke that wicked weed man. You better go kill somebody and then they can put your ass on death row. Then you can smoke marijuana in America. Yeah, only the murderers can smoke the wicked weed. The wacky weed has in whack this. Speaking of wacky, by the way, getting back to my close friend Tom Jickson. See, I don't want to get too carried away Tom. Give it too much credit for that glowing editorial article. Whatever that thing was, or you peed on my leg in the paper day. Thank you Tom, but you're still a pus. Because this is the same time, Jickson, that wrote a glowing thing Friday or Saturday about. Oh, what's everybody but you're about to TV whether guys in Hurricane Irene and they did a fine job and they didn't blow it. Yeah, that's why it says in the very front page of the hero that I guess what the hero does to make mistake. Way of rating hurricanes may change. Because of Hurricane Irene. And the fact that it was handled so very poorly by all involved. How do you like that Tom? Four castes, another weather experts motivated by soft load as wet and perilous battle of hurricane Irene are proposing fundamental changes in warning procedures. One likely results a scale that rates a hurricane based on its rainfall and flood potential. Such a system would complement the well-known sufferers since in-scale which the vids hurricanes in the five categories determined solely by sustained winds. When Irene struck South Florida two weeks ago, there was a minimal category one storm on that scale, but it might have been a class eight storm on the still unnamed rainfall and flooding scale from one to ten. You see? Uh-huh. You got a Tom? No. No, he's still in figure that. Proponents say the high rating would have generated the appropriate sense of urgency among residents and emergency preparedness among authorities, who many of whom seem ambushed by Irene. Oh, this is right in the paper. They seem ambushed unprepared. Didn't get the job done. And Tom says, what do you believe in about they got it right? There was nothing wrong there. And they say it can save countless lives. Hurricane, which is rain killed thousands of people last year in Central America, hurricane Floyd's rain killed scores this year in the Carolinas. The San Francisco is waiting as far as it goes, but it doesn't give the complete story. Said Stephen Lederman, want to several proponents and director of the International Hurricane Center, a research center at FIU. We need a parallel scale of rating system for rainfall and flooding. Because rainfall and flooding kill, and they cause the power to go out and power lines to go out and people to drown in canals and all of these things. Tom. So how do you like that? Let me say it again. They blew it. Big time. And now they're scrambling to cover their ass just for the next one so they don't pull it again. So that if they can somehow convey the immediacy and the danger of these things. Speaking of danger by the way, and this is perfect for South Florida. I mentioned this before. Only here. Well by the way, where's that? Well what is that? I'm nine. What is that? It's a call. Yeah. Well why do we want them on that line? Because they have your food poisoning information. Oh, here's a great call in Florida, Dale. Hello. How are you doing? Pretty good. Uh, you're a stereotype. Side of Gene is what it's called. Oh my god. What would it be detected in the body with a blood culture? You'd have to go to the doctor get a blood culture. Yeah. And what does it do? The CDC, I'm looking at the CDC web page. It says it manifests itself in the body as in self-lietess. Ingenitis or septicemia going on and on diagnosed. It starts off as what patients start off as flu-like symptoms. Well, it'll help people that usually, in most health people, usually pass them. But in the young, very young, it's very old. Right. Because death. Wow. So it starts with flu-like symptoms. Right. Oh my god. A flu diarrhea. It can be taken care of with penicillin. Yeah. And a long drug that I couldn't begin to pronounce. Right. So if you had such a long, a while ago, you probably got through your says two weeks. But if you wanted to detect it, it can get to take a blood culture. Okay. Thanks a million, pal. You're welcome. God bless you. Okay. There you go. You better pray for me folks. I might have what do you say? Something caucus. Oh my god. Michael, do caucus disease? Wow. From a bad weedy from sub-rets. Loss it. Major lawsuit. Yeah, but how do I prove it? How do I prove I don't have the package anymore? Start saving your stool samples. Okay. Okay. I mean, I don't think I forced it today when I was in the second time. Let me run in there right now. Oh, look at the gold sensation. And there was a camera. So here, anyway, is this story that only could have happened down here? Hollywood leader seeks 25 mile an hour speed limit. Yeah. She serious. Considering that South Florida and the four-letter of Hollywood area in particular have more than once been deemed unsafe for drivers and pedestrians, lowering the speed limit might seem like a good idea. Does it seem like a good idea? No. No. That's what it says here. Unless you're one of the folks motoring through Hollywood who already think they're doing the crawl. Now, Hollywood City Commissioner Kathy Anderson wants to cat the speed limit in Hollywood at 25 miles per hour. Anderson and her constituents say they think that slowing motor was down. I'd like to street safer for pedestrians and other drivers. How about five miles an hour? I bet you you won't have any fatalities at five miles an hour. So let's just make cars a illegal ban of. No, no, just real slow. Real real slow. That can only take in a trolly everywhere. How about just put them in neutral and you have to get out and push? I've never heard a complaint about people going too slow, I said Anderson. She's, let me ask you this, Kathy. Are you looking at some kind of a vacuum and some kind of a cocoon? I know you're in Hollywood sweetheart. You've never heard complaints about people driving too slow. She's the commission's longest standing member. How old is she? About 110? I live on a dead end street and I have people sailing by down here. She says, yeah, you're on a dead end street all right, sweetheart. You're on a dead end street. You're on a road to nowhere. And Anderson's request commissioners will talk about whether to win act to slow down at their next regular commission meeting November 3rd. I-95 in Florida's Turnpike, who's speed they're set by the state of federal agencies. Of course, thank God, we'll be. Are there an exempt, but can you imagine if they weren't exempt? Entering Hollywood Florida. Break it fast, okay. You have to go 25 on I-95 until you get through Hollywood. However, here comes the buttway to hear this. U.S. one slice federal highway. Hollywood Boulevard and other major arteries would be included. Federal highway 25 freaking miles an hour according to this crazy person. In this throwaway every minute accounted for a beeping cellular phone a dead culture, it says, motor is Bob we even cut in out of traffic lanes. All in Africa get their just a little bit faster and speeding is a problem in many areas. The biggest defenders of the people living this neighborhood is Leslie Gibbs the resident of Harrison Street in the Lake section is worked for six years to reduce this feeling in her area. Motorists who were asked about the proposal when they couldn't follow the logic, it's ridiculous said Sheryl La Pama of Hollywood. Actually, I think this speed limit's a little slow. Nice going, Sheryl. Amen, sweetheart. Like over there on high-edits road by me in the acres. Where they got a 35 mile hour speed limit. It's the number one goddamn speed trap in a whole world there. There isn't one single house facing that street. There's one whole side of the street that's nothing but a jacin to the canal there. Nothing but goddamn woods you the gallon a bunch of grass. 35 miles an hour and they sit there with their radar guns and a park a lot off of the side under the bushes behind a goddamn truck right in business. Can you believe this? Florida law sets the limit of most residential streets at 30 miles an hour. Anything law requires a traffic study to justify the reduction. Then there's the issue of enforcement. Whether it's 25 or 30, it's a matter of resources for us and compliance says Hollywood police chief James Scarberry. What do you think about this issue? What says here in this article? We want your opinions on anything and everything called outburst. That's it. The Harold to leave a message and here's the phone number. Here's the phone number. If you live in Hollywood, you ever drive through there. If you want to tell this Kathy bitch, this crazy person Kathy Anderson, Hollywood City Commissioner. What you think about her 25 mile hour speed limit? 954 764 702 6 extension 5201. That's the outburst thing we call it in burst it out just give them a what for? 954 764 702 6 extension 5201. Only in South Florida will be have somebody like Kathy Anderson thinks she never heard of anybody going too slow. Maybe Kathy's got a bicycle. Maybe Kathy takes a cab. Maybe Kathy doesn't get out much. Do you think that might be it? Huh? Nobody goes too slow here. See, I want to tell you something, Kathy. I've never heard of anybody getting a ticket for going too slow. Those are the people who cause the overwhelming majority of the actions. You got your drunk son of one hand and then you got your irresponsible people going 20 miles an hour in the left hand lane causing other people to get frustrated and doing irresponsible things because they'd like to get somewhere before before they croak. Kathy, use crazy crazy person you. Yep. oh I'm here! I'm here! I'm here! Who's bothering you? I'm here! Here! Huh! Huh! Huh! Good aim! Good aim! Good aim! Right! Come back, training! Lots of fun! Come back, training! Lots of fun! Grab my trigger and shoot my gun! Grab it! Trigger and shoot this gun! I like marching in full gear! I like marching in full gear! I like breathing in full gear! He like breathing in full gear! Here's a fence! I got a scale! Here's a fence! He's got a scale! Oh my god! I'm broken there! Oh my god! He broke his head! And my router wrong! I got right! And my router wrong! He's right! And old one two! And old people! And old one two! One two! And old one two! And old one two! Great for! Watching crowd in marching on! Watching crowd in marching on! We won't wear no plans! We won't wear no plans! We won't wear no plans! We won't wear no plans! Army life is on! Army life is on! We lose the green and give me sweet! Loose the green and give me sweet! Captain made me to get a dude! Captain made me to get this! Drill sergeant! Such a bitch! Shut up! I hit a set of it! Corporal speak my shorted turn! Colonel make his shorted turn! I'll grab a pig my pack of pearl! I've been making a quick! I've been for a while! You're right! I'm right! I'm right! I'm fine! Three four! Three four! Bring it on! One, two, three! Four, one, two! OK! Almost two! At five sixty WCM! So what have I got? Inselfillitis and meningitis! And Samitis! Wow! Off from a bad weenie! How do you like that? There's a good message for all you kid yacht there. Stay away from the wicked bad weenies. Sub breaths. Of course it's very well gonna be enough one. I'm going to tell you a thing that we want to get sick. And we want to have in the squats and all kinds of stuff. And we think, oh, I got a little stomach flu with touch of something like that. And at the meantime, we got some kind of little food poisoning all the time. Yeah. I don't want to get it because it's right in the middle of lunch, I mean, of course, we're not eating here anymore. George is eating one of his low carb diet bars from the lights. I'm eating nothing. Because I have to let my inards heal up from all the stuff. The same I just did. I've got. And I don't want to get anybody to lose their appetite. And yes, I do love my meat. I love a great juicy steak from Ruth's Chris. I do like I love meat. And of course, it's great for any chickens. But I'm sure that most of you have seen those things, what they show on TV every now and then, like on 60 minutes of one of those shows, they'll have one of these exposays about the unsanitary conditions of some of these meat packing plant. And they show you inside where they're putting the meat through those grinders, you know, and there's like blood all over the place. They'd eat the, look, it looks like inside of an atomic laboratory or something. They all got those white coats on, you know? And their floor is just a mess. And they're just swabbing and mopping. And yeah. Oh, yeah. It looks like the inside of a porno arcade or something. I got all these guys with mops, you know, button up and down. And if you look at that, you save yourself. I don't know. Yeah. That's always my feeling when I look at that. Like, what is, what's really is that we're getting in that package by the time it gets to us. And then of course, when they tell you, you better cook it for a long time because if you don't, then you're really going to get some kind of crap. You're going to have that equal I brewery, yeah. And you could be the next jack in your box. Well, what could be safe? The vegetables they spray with all the pesticides, fruit, vegetables, all that stuff. And if they come from like Mexico or something, they probably have human feces, as fertilizer or something crappy. Yummy. If you remember that a while back, they had to recall all this crap, all the crap. Because it was crap to pun. Yeah. It was poison. Yeah. So I think the answer is, I've got the New New Mirage's diet. Stop eating. Even though things that are absolutely safe, like chocolate covered ants. Huh? What could be bad about that? That sounds pretty good. Pretty safe. You come up with something else that might be safe, besides that. Because everything that's artificial, we know is poison for us. It's killed loaded with all kinds of chemicals and killer crap. Killer crap. Game meat for the Northern Alaska. Game meat? Why ought to be pretty healthy? Here's the Kiva Skin, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Great show. Yes, sir. Hey, who hires these guys? The parking payments out there to National Car rental Center. Who hires? I don't know. They're horrible. They're. They're living there with my wife. Yeah. And I've drove in and it's like $40. You guys come up running up to the car. $40 for what? He's like parking front up, parking front for $40. I'm like, I got reserved parking. They're making a scam off there. $4.00. He'll park you in front. Yeah, who are these kids? It's out of the other corner. He's driving young people, I guess. Yeah, but who hires them? I don't know. They're trying to scam everybody. How are they working for the arena? Are they working for Wayne, you think? Wayne? I don't know. But I had a reserve parking payment. Maybe Wayne is pimping them out. You know, maybe it's a he gets a run right up to the car. Neil, he goes up with your right up from for $40. He'll be $60. Yeah. It's horrible. Well, I'm going to check that out. Thank you. Okay, sure. Okay, if anybody else there is getting offered to be moved up to the front for a good parking, I want to find out right now. A query mines will all know. 560, 505, 60, pump 560 on the 182, Wallace, line. I'm pretty depressed that I started talking about that mysterious stuff. Although I did see my close good friend, Al Sunshine. Thanks for the warning, Al. I was watching those ham hocks, playland. And I said, boy, that's a bread top of. That's right about the time. And of course, there's no way to check because I don't have the package anymore. So I don't know the lot number. I can't check you know whether it was the good we need or the bad we need or whatever. And it's could have just been a cold would seem to be basically gone away right now. I still have that kind of like crazy. Yeah. Can we in my stomach, you know? So what to do? We have to start saving the RLR food wrappers like receipts. Have a different file folder for all of those now. Yeah. And there's a recall on some craft U.A. tree weeks ago, by the way. And of course, if you still have the package. So you just better start popping a lot of antibiotics just in case because you might be dead pretty soon. Here's Hollywood, hello. Any other idea? Pretty good sir. Hollywood, the land of the slow. Yeah. Well that lady Kathy, I'm calling about something else. But I should mention it. Kathy Anderson. There's a war infection in Hollywood commission. There's two people on each side. One on Marigalante is on one on John Coleman. And this lady rides his offense. And she's a swing vote on those votes on Hollywood commission. And supposedly, she's going to be trying out for a braward county at large. See, I guess since the county is going to be going to districts there's going to be two at large seats. And she's going to try to run for one of those at large seats. So good rents to her. Really good rents to all of them because none of them are doing Hollywood any good. Yeah, she's got to be sort of flyable, can't the Anderson. She's an old daughter. And if I may say it's bitch. Is she old? Oh yeah. Oh great. Oh, she's a big fat lady with big pride. Well, yeah. But what I was calling about was you talked about that guy's restaurant down there. Am I going to be a b-chai-tai-sonis? And my wife is in the industry that depends on tips from others. And she's not a waitress. And I don't want to say it because I don't want to because I don't want to say it. I could be misconstrued. No, no. No, she's a hairdresser. Oh, we're sure it's down in Miami. And you can't tell the truth now, days without being persecuted. Right. The fact of the matter is, what is the truth? Well, the truth is, it shall tell you and most people that are in the business that collect tips for living. We'll tell you that for the most part black Americans don't tip very well. I do it all. So dockies tip bad. And if you say it for the poor guy, you know, unfortunately, he's not probably not from this country. And doesn't realize how sensitive people are here. And he told the truth. And he's going to probably lose his restaurant over it. Oh, he's got some big crack coming. I'll guarantee you that. That's all they got. They got the evidence. You know, he was stupid enough to stamp that thing on the bill. You know? Yeah. Well, I mean, was the guy lying? I mean, you know, I was listening to Howard Stern this morning. And Howard was talking about in New York City that the cab drivers, they passed a lot. It says that a cab driver passes up anybody for any reason. That didn't pick them up. That they're liable to lose their cab license. And what that was meant for was because the cabies refused to pick up young black men. So they're forced to put their lives at risk or lose their cab license. So in other words, if they pick up a young black man, they're putting their life at risk, is that what you're saying? Well, they even had black cabbies calling in black cab drivers. It said the same thing. Even black cab drivers refused to pick up black men. Yeah. And take them to certain areas. Especially if they're armed openly in the like pointing in. Well, you know, unfortunately, I'm not going to get you. Well, why? You know, the day they mission those two. Yeah. It depends on how long the life is. Okay. Thanks, Bob. I'm sure we'll get 400 more calls on this. Thank you. Good luck to you. Why? There you go. Swarcers don't tip good. Okay. People don't want to pick them up in a cab. People don't want to have them come in a restaurant because they don't tip good. What are we going to do? We got this big black audience out there. We like them from a distance. They're going to pass no to the five 60 WKF. Okay. Big bow. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the two newest New York young kids. Down will strawberry. I'm going to talk to you. And the personal coach Steve Hal. Hal. That's what I like to know. Start goodins in the wind up. The straw man snorts the line up. He's true and like a dog who heard a bell. Oh, Ryan. He's high as a lab rat for smoking the crack at a bat. He does him like cocaine just like the way it smells. Snorten A. Ball, sourals roll and up. A swan, snorten A. Ball. And he's given good and plenty. They lick the swan, he dollar bill. And their teeth are grinding like a pep a mill. Go in A. Balls. Yeah. Alcohol and fills. Easy. Steve Hal is in the bullpen. His nostrils are wide open. He's so f*** up beating. He's on the brakes. He gets advice from Doc and Doc prescribed some rock. So first people were lining down. He blew the safe. No, not an A. Ball, they abuse the magic powder. Snorten A. Balls, wrinkled on that clam chowder. Prescriptions got perpetual refills. They go within the pool if they had gills. Doing A. Balls. Alcohol and fills. All that money. A. Balls. Alcohol and fills. I like a weapon you all aboard. Mr. Manager. Hi, Bob. And by the way, stop talking about Jim Gray already. We have so sick and tired. He's an asshole. He's a piece of crap. I mean, what does there left to say about it? And the fact that they try to be such a dating last night because NBC intervened. I didn't watch it. I was busy at the panther again. Does he watch in something great? Not another stupid goddamn world serious game, which the outcome was already known. And if you people would have been smart, you would have robbed the goddamn bank gotten so money and come to the macaroon and see the great Pavelle Brewery last night. And Ray Whitney and Mark Perish. And a damn good game. See, this is the only place in the world where a Pavelle Brewery, the greatest athlete in the world today, could be playing. He was out, you know, he's injured. He comes back. We've been waiting with, uh, it comes back. Scores to go. But in the first three minutes that he's back on a ice. Scores another one later on unbelievable backhand chowder. He's making unbelievable passes and moves. And when all these things. And these people are like, who's that? Who's that? Yeah. What is that? That ice hockey stuff? What is that? I'm getting real upset about that food thing now. The more I think about it, just don't think about it. Just keep eating. Just keep showing you time. You're put. Just keep a fat like most Americans like all the rest of us fat real fat. And we'll sick. She's like so many times over the years, people have called and said, oh yeah, but you know, I had to kind of fool you guy there. And I was sick for six months with it. Guess what? It probably wasn't a flu. You probably picked up a bad something. It's like that fat bitch Oprah. Remember when she did that thing, got in trouble with the, uh, the cattle people in Texas and they went to court and all that. And she won these meat. Yeah. I'm every, another burger is on. Another burger is long as I live. I guarantee she's eating a lot of burgers. Nobody can be that fat without eating everything inside, including big juicy steaks. Big juicy meat. It's all the blood dripping down and all the disease and the, oh, God, right in the middle of lunch, I was talking about this. And I think back to those pictures and just so graphic. And they're shoving it through all those meat grinders. You know, there's just blood all over the place and there's crap on the floor and they're like mopping and just, and what they're doing is like mopping and stuff. You just moving it around. You know what I mean? I mean, like making anything sanitary. They're just moving all that crap around. And then of course, they even put artificial coloring on it too, you know, you are where that. Oh, God, because meat is great. So they artificially color it red. So they when they put it in the package there in your supermarket, it looks like, oh, we're appetizing. And then of course, once it starts to be too fine, I'm going to refrigerate or feel even in there too long. It starts to and gray again, huh? Brown, gray, like, like a big turn there in refrigerated. Don't forget to tip the third, by the way. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. How you doing, guy? Great. You may not be aware of. Yes, sir. On this Catholic Anderson? Yes. She's the same one that was arrested here a while back by the Hollywood police. For what? For a parking on the disabled parking without the proper permit. That's a huge bitch. How do you like that? Imagine that. Huh? And you use the one making all the noise as lower about it out. Yeah, that's lower everybody down to about five miles an hour. Like that. How old is she about 110? She's up there. Oh, God. I sure know. Sure. Thanks for the red news, pal. God bless us. And tip the third. There you go. Tip the third. That's our motto. It's f***ing bitch. That's the Anderson. Okay. Oh, oh, oh, oh, fossil and Hollywood. I told you this for I've been telling this for 500 years. This is not a place for the living and breathing. It's a place for dead people. Let's all slow down to about 10 miles an hour. Then nobody will get hurt. Okay. Federal Highway. I'm sure 441. Hollywood Boulevard. Can you even begin to imagine that? You could shop without leaving your car. You could just sterling road. Sure. So I guess that means on when this, when I go to moms for lunch, I'll leave you right about five after two and get to about a 330. See you around 4 o'clock next week, ma. Because you've got to go real slow in Hollywood and in Hallendale and in sunrise. And surf side and tamarack and Wilton Manor. Well, I guess Wilton Manor is the fact that he's a technat over now, right? You can go real fast there. This is the only thing that we needed to obtain. Revolution. Bye bye, but end of both people. Bye bye all old farts. Living and breathing people. That's what we want. Living. We're the people. Let's go. Bring him in on rubber rafts. Here's Keepa's skin. Hello. Yeah, deal. Yes, sir. Hey, great, sir. I have a couple of things. First of all, after World Series great game, I'll find a great talk again. I wanted to say, I'm really pissed off this morning. I have a brother that's disabled. He's in a wheelchair. He came to visit me from up north and really loves dolphins. So I figure why not go to taking to the aquarium. We go to the aquarium this morning and we're there and we pay our incredible $23 for $1,000 to get in. It's been the same amount like that. Once we make it in, we go to, you know, they section off the day with different kinds of shows, you know, they've the dolphin show in the Killer Wale Show in the front there. Yeah, I was a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a great, great group of helpers. Probably 50,000 years old by now. Raise your wrists. So we get to the dolphin show. And guess what? No wheelchair access. Oh, boy. Yeah. It's up in three flights of stairs. There's no ramp. There's no elevator. I mean, how old is this place? 50, something years old. And they still haven't got that together. I was so p.o. Wait a minute. In other days, you paid first and then you got in the middle of that? Yeah, exactly. And what is my brother want to see the most? The dolphin show. And that's the only thing. They said, oh, we're really sorry. This is the only place that this the only show that doesn't have access to wheelchair. And we have to take it like that with the grain of salt. And I can your face. And that's the way it is. And I just wanted to let everybody know. I know you have a lot of people that listen to you. I said, ah, have to stick to aquarium and screw that place. Okay. So they're okay. Thanks, pal. Thank you. Sorry about it. Sorry. Another bad time here in South Florida. But of course, that's what we specialize in. We like it. We're sadistic. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, 5, 50 on the AT&T line. We have 63, 45, and that line nine the other time line. Which next week sometime this week. We'll be working all over the world. Do you think it will ring more than? No. Never know. I have a feeling it will. Okay. See Florida. It's like, especially those people over the West Coast and Fort Myers. All those months that they've been screaming in LA. How come we don't have a line we can call for free? Are they on there today? No. Now, maybe one or two. That's your only line. That's not what I'm about. Is that line nine? It pains me too. Because I want to see. I want to do anything in my power to squeeze the extra out of these beastly bastards. I do. I want to build a go skyrocketing up there. And then Greg will say, oh, gee, this isn't just ain't working out. You know, we wanted. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I was in and out of the car. I did a day when you was giving the ratings on the different programs. Yes, man. And there's some woman that sounds like a horse laugh and woman on the radio by the name. Who's that? Let Daniels. I think her name is. What? Yeah. What was her rating? She's got a number so small that even the Mont Palomar telescope wouldn't identify the number. She's down to way. Point nine. Let's go on. I'm sure. Why does the kick her off the air she is? I don't want to. Yeah, I think she's got naked pictures of Pete Bulger with the rhinoceros. I think that's what it is. Yeah. Okay. Oh, also. I think you know Tom Schafer? Yes, I do. Did you know he died? Tom Schafer died? Yes. October the 14th. I think it was. How come nobody told me about that? I used to work with Tom Schafer and W.J. News for years. Tom, you come to the Panther Games every now and then a couple years. Right. He was lifting in some city west Arizona. He was one. He had moved to some city west Arizona. Yeah. He retired and I just read in the paper the other day that he had died. Oh, my. Tom Schafer was he? But 65? Oh, 75. 173 something like that. Oh, my God. Damn. What's he? What he died from? He was 71. Yeah. It's the same as he died of. I could send you a copy of the death notice. I think I still have that paper. Okay. Try and find it for me. Okay. Thanks for the bad news. Okay. Neal. Have a great day. I'll be pressing Tom Schafer died. Good. Good. You know who he used to be his wife years ago. You don't know? No. What is the same last name? Are you slow to the apple? Ami Schafer. Ami Schafer. Ami Schafer. Ami Schafer. That's who was. Ami Schafer. I only know who from that. From you doing that. Well, what else do you need? That's what Ami Schafer does. Like, he missed the penis. You know, and Mark Benson, those one dimensional anti-cubin. I mean, anti-bilingual people. Which I'm also anti-bilingual, but I'm not anti-cubin. I'll look at these numbers here. You know, they really let me down. They're killing me. A Cuban friends out there. They'll be back in the next book. They will. They just put a white for the summer. No, they did not go away for the other one or the other one. They're taking it. No, they're upset. Because I said that there are a bunch of goofballs for that crap they're doing out there. And they are. The ones that are doing those things are a bunch of assholes. And you're not even. You're not even. They can't hear you noting on the air. Absolutely. Okay. Freaking loot. Yeah, assholes. I said, can't hear you noting on the air. Christ. Get that thing, or even. Only one South Florida radio. Hey. Hey. Hey. You're a racist. You're a racist. We can't have the news at two. Sports radio. 560. You. 8L. 8L. Yeah. Women are. All right. We're not seeing Ray Bay Ray. He's a 4.5. You can. Very. Now the KKK have good days because of you can. Yeah. Yeah. If you are yellow or purple or got for the crowns. You'll be like most of the leading hanging upside down. You can lock and roll your guns with half-in power. But if you want to kill both sides. Step them to the shower. Yeah. There's no free face that can't send you right. Just think away. Yeah. Why is you glad that you voted for us? Two days. Half-in power. Okay. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 14. 12. 12. 13. 15. 7. 13. 13. 17. 11. 8. 15. 13. 14. 13. 10. In other words, if all the other guys in town are listening allegedly to this go music, you're gonna listen to it too. Oh my god, give me a break. Give me a breath. Give me a breath. Thank you. Oh, god. Yeah, send them right over there to 103.5. You should live so long, you couldn't turn it off if somebody put a guy in $50,000 bill on the guy damn, the knob, it's twisted. 560, 50, 50, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Davy, hello. Here's a lady in Davy. Hello? Yes, man. Yes, me, oh. Yes, I am. Well, I can get a chance to call you yesterday. But my husband is a big fan of your show. Are you Jamaican? Oh, wonderful. You picked up my ass rings. Yes, yeah. I think we have a nice Jamaican lady on the line. Here's not imperious and kind of sending. Oh, after all, I see. When I say what I said, I don't think you're gonna think I'm nice. Oh, okay, say it's every one other one. When it comes on to tape, my whole concept of AT&T is that. I don't see the big deal. I mean, I take this tape if you keep the person according to the service you get. Frankly speaking, the owner's left the company should pay a salary and the tape should be something or courtesy. Frankly, when I go to my husband, he's the one who does the tape. And I say, okay, I don't know better. You do it then. Thank God. Take for instance, when I used to come here on the line, you leave this. I used to come here on vacation. I mean, one of my dollars, thirty-five of yours, I'm not here on the case. Why should I go in for a restaurant and take five dollars? That's a lot of money for me on my vacation. Tip five dollars on what? All the pens and how much this check is. Yeah, but what I'm saying, the way to achieve and going on to stand at I'm with here on vacation. And it's a lot of money for me. So when I give her, you go on to the end of the day. If you're going to afford to go on vacation, why can't you afford to leave a tip? Well, this is what I'm saying. If you're going to go on vacation, I'm here. In the first area, the people are working the service business in the tourist area, expect a gift. Since how they make, like when you go to Vegas, you run vacation. And the people are, we're waiting on you. They expect to get a tip because of you. Of course. If I go to get my nails done, I'm going to tip the person who does my nails. I want my hair done. How much would you give about ten cents? Oh, give me a break. How much would you give me? I would give five, ten dollars to depend. If I get a good hair, do I'm going to give ten dollars? I'm going to give ten dollars. You know, it's not like a cheap person to me. I am the if I think the person doesn't give me good service. I'm going to give you cheap. That's just being righteous. That's all. That's right. The righteous shall inherit whatever. That's right. So pretty much, I mean, the big deal. The big deal of salary. I work with a cable company. Oh, you work with a company. Oh, you work with a company now. We're going to get you. I work here earn in five, six hundred dollars a week. They're left because they said they're going to do a way to work because they get more money. Come on. That's easy money then. That's the way I look at it. The way what they're all is that. Who can live on five or six hundred a week? What's that? I mean, you're going to wait for it. Work and get more debt. That's the whole lot of money. That's easy money. Why? What do you say? It's easy money to wait on people in a restaurant. Have you ever done it? Come on. They're just taking the food. They're taking the food. They're taking the food. They're taking the food. They're taking. They're going to cut their slum back. And the fourth, they're all they long. They're working for less than minimum wage. Let me give the cook. Because the week. They're going to put it on the clear. You're doing the work. They're doing the food from the cook to me. Cookies just standing there. You're going to just slap on the grill. He's not even moving back there. Come on. Just stop in your office. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Are what I know may have been over there lifting. You know. I have you that big love. Yeah. Oh, I like that. Okay. Let's have a great day sweetheart. Same to you. And I'm not waiting on you. Oh my god. That now that for her to say it's a piece of cake. It's easy. That the cook is the one that's working. It's ass off. Of course. Of course the cooks are usually Jamaicans or I think that's why she said that. Patients and Jamaicans. Now that business about spit in the soup. I don't want to go into it. Random middle one time again. I've already grossed everybody out with the thing about the hamburger and the meat. What happens to me true? And I'm still eating that stuff. I still like your good juicy steak. I still like your good weenie every now and then even though those subrets may have gotten me. Will that be just my luck? Twice a year, maybe I buy hot dogs in the said. Just not something you buy a lot. You know, let's go cook them out on the grill or something. And maybe once a year it might be subrets. Usually I buy nasans hot dogs. I like nasans you know. But this happened to be subrets. And now. Oh, I got the Samitis. Twenty two before one at five sixty WCUAM. Of course before we came here we thought there was nothing worse than Samitis. Then we met ourselves department here. I find that so proud of it. Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problem. I would like to announce the development of a new software system which will be year 2000 compliant. This program is known as millennia year application software system for my ass. Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my ass to everyone. We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at my ass. We have not addressed networking aspects yet. So currently only one person at a time can use my ass. This restriction will be removed after my ass expands. Last week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous. I never put anything in my ass before. I helped her through the first time and after word she admitted that it was relatively famous. And she was actually looking forward to doing it again. And was even ready to kiss my ass. As you begin using the program feel free to put anything you want in my ass. As my ass grows larger we envision a time when it will be commonplace for supervisor to hand work to an employee and say here. Stick this in my ass. It will be a great day when we need data quickly and our employees can respond here it is. I just pulled it out of my ass. Thank you. Which brings to my course the question how Steve Nubber doing? It's 16 before one at five 60 WCQ and we have an open line somewhere. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's four Myers. Four Myers. Two. Two. Yes sir. I want to apologize for Myers because we did get this line and if nobody is calling then you might as well get rid of it. That's the place for you. Not just for four Myers but I mean you can use it. Yeah. I'm trying. I only make like 15 calls a day. If that's the fact that over there we are. It's where they send people to die. It's where they send them actually die. I just want to say the means. I would like to see that Jamaica and Ration Lady they called before me. I'd like to see her work night like a Friday night when the bars close at a restaurant and weight tables. Yeah. Oh she said yes. She's a piece of cake. She's a very like I said an empiric to make in bitch. Everybody else is there. And she works for a cable company but she sits on her ass all day. Yeah. She's not out there pulling the cable. No. She's not pulling anything. Yeah. That pulling her weight. Exactly. She probably couldn't pull her weight. I have a great day back. 877-75-Neil. I've got a ton of toll free line which next week will be for the entire universe. You wait and see the bill we're going to run up starting next week boy. Make his eyes bulged out of his head. Can't wait. He'll have Sam I just. Here's a call from Park City Utah. Hello. Hello there. Yes sir. I just I'm going to keep this brief because I'm paying for the call. I see that. I used to listen to you and I was going to college back in 86. Right. And Fort Lauderdale. Let's go ahead and see that you're still on the air. I can still listen to you. And still quite on the good flight. That's good. Scary in the straight. I like that. Right. All right. I just wanted to say hi and I love you. I'm going to be listening. I've lost your pound. I don't forget we'll have that toll free line for you next week. You can use it. Great. All right. Thank you. We're scared to crap out of those straight guys. I tell you that they run like a son of a bitch when they see me coming. They run like hell. Oh, that's bad. And too bad. Too bad. Still moved pretty good for an old bag. I'll tell you that. 5.6705. 60 pound. 5.6. He just asked, uh, what's his name Jacob? What? He ran like a bad out of hell out of that song. I guess I won't see him for months now. Till hockey day brings him back. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Oh, what about the risk area? That gentleman who called before didn't tell you really too much about how you get it. Yeah. And the most common way of getting it is from untapped rice and no product. Yeah. That achieve. Reachies. Oh, I hate those. But this was supposedly what they said was in these hot dogs. Maybe. Only if it was uncut. You didn't need a raw digger. Sometimes. Oh, we should do that. Well, why not? There are hot dogs already pre cooked. Um. Yes, they are. Yeah, they are. But they still can carry it. Lunch meat can also. Oh, really? Yeah. I like a nice weiner on cooked once a mile. Here's a snack. And I'm sure I did eat one of them raw. Yeah, well, you shouldn't do that because you can get with Steer. But it's a very mild mild bacteria and a healthy person. Oh, I'm going to tell you the horse. Yeah. Usually the people who get it are in sense. God it from their mothers. And they're inside. Yeah. So they get it when the mother will eat something like breaches or Fedaches get a mild case of this. It'll just feel like the flu. And the baby can be still born or born with it. And those are the type of person to get meningitis. Oh, I'm not. But like looking at the gut healthy guy like me wouldn't get. Would not get it. You know, a person maybe with HIV. Um, an infant. But mostly it's, um, fatal to newborn babies. And very old people. And very, very old people who have a problem with their immune system. Well, I have diabetes. That's a new answer. Okay. Now I wouldn't do. No. I feel better now. Okay. Thanks. No more raw. We need to look good. Okay. Thanks. But I thought hot dogs were always pre cooked. I don't think there was any supposed to be. Oh, no. Don't tell me, suppose to be hot dogs are that you buy an Apache. Your pre cooked. I know you think that I would eat it raw. There's still might be some funk in there. And what about the hot dog? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Now she said, what does it look steer is within L? What's what she said? Well, that's what the other guy said too. I think I thought that well, Al Sunshine, he's a little bit of it anyway. He said, well, Steerie, I don't know. He can't speak. He's got Tom Brokeau's of the day. Maybe it was this area. And I could have been it. So anyway, I got this crudman. And like I said, a lot of you people are sick a lot of times. Sometimes it drags on for long periods of time weeks and months. And you think, oh, boy, this was a bad case of the flu. It wasn't a flu. You ate something crap because they're feeding us poison their Kill on us man. They're killing us over here. Just like every now and then just out of the blue. Oh, we had five people back from me. Colyde disease today at Jack in a box. Oh, that's good. Great. Now, she's got a good point though, because they are. We're hearing a lot more about that. Always make sure you eat your meat. Make sure it's up there to a serious temperature before you start to pop in it in your post. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. Hey, did you happen to see the scumb Sentinel lifestyle section 8E where this wonderful girl last week wrote that staging letter about how disgusting it is. I read the three letters that they had. And there was the first letter is very good, by the way. The first letter is great. The next one is the best. The fruit salad of a state. Did you see that? Well, I got to, I got to, we kindle my memory. Oh, man, you got to see it. It's the best meal. 8E. 8E. I got it in my hand right now. And the paper. Right. Okay, let's see. That was letter I read on the ear by the way. The floor was paradise. You're swamped at the young girl. Is it getting out of here in a few months? She was a genius. Oh, yeah, this Leslie saw on the camera. I like the last paragraph in her. She says, always remember the best thing about Florida is seeing it in your rear view. I saw on Leslie's, a tiny camera. She's on top of it. But the fruit salad letter is the best. Yeah, I'll read it. Please don't do it for a reminder. God, he's will love it. Okay. Okay. Yeah, having lived all over the country and in Europe, due to my husband being in the Navy, I really appreciate the privilege of living in South Florida. This is from Barbara Montgomery in prestigious Pembroke Pines. People have risked their lives to come here from the poor countries to make a better life for themselves and their family. family. We are a wonderful fruit salad of people here from many of the states as well as overseas. I don't know if you were being funny or serious about your article of paradise, if you met it, you should move away as you'll never contribute anything to making our area a better place. You are evidently young and have much to learn. If you're not happy within yourself, you'll never be happy anywhere. Tolerance comes with maturity. Barbara must be 110. She must be related to Kathy, you watch her name in Hollywood. And yes, those I know who have read your article found a defensive to insult where they have come to call home. I hope you find your paradise. Maybe on a desert island where you won't have to put up with everyday problems and people. Soft boat is growing so fast and has growing pains, but most of us are here to help it grow instead of complaining. Right. Barbara Montgomery in Pembroke Pines. It's a fruit. Eeeeeee! Salad baby. Maybe you are. Who is? You is a fruit salad. Yeah. I got some fruit salad for you here sweetheart. It's a fruit tasted. God. The girl was telling like it is. She said it exactly the way it is. Okay. And probably Barbara and Pembroke Pines is 172 years old. And she's one of the old parts that's making it miserable for that girl. I want to get out of here. And for me and for everybody else and for the people I want to go more than 10 miles an hour. It's our time, Sunny. It's our time. You get out of our way. Here's my empty hello. Hello Neo. Yes sir. Do you hear Ventura's out? Ventura's out of the running. He was never in the running. Well he just made it official. He just said it on the news. He was never in the running. How can he be out if he's not in? How can he get it out if he ever put it in? Yeah you're right. But he said um well I forgot exactly the words you use. But uh he said he's not going to even attempt to run or whatever. If you said to me he's out of the reform party because he's embarrassed to the pet because I don't know he's the scumbags in the circus. Then I would have more respect. I would renew my respect for the yeah. I think that's what I'm trying to say. I just in his honor man I request to join today. Okay, but it's not what he said that he's out of the reform party. Yeah. Yeah. He's not going to be uh he's not going to be involved. I just saw an MSNBC. Are you sure? I am sure. Okay. Thanks sir. Do you believe it, Turs? Yeah. Oh. Well, you know what they say a little bit of information is very dangerous but this guy means well he wants this moxon market weed and he likes Jesse for that night I commend him. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. That's right. He wants some of the evil weed that evil marriage of we need that you have to wait and figure going to go to death row and then maybe you can smoke a joint but if you do they'll find traces in your blood and write about it in the guy that news papers all over the world. This shows you how immature how childish America is that our newspapers have got room to put a story about a man who they sent to die who died on death row who was executed and month who was on death row for 22 freaking years as much of a murdering scumbag as he was. And after he's executed they do the uh test at which I have no idea why they do that and they find traces of marijuana in his blood. Oh god only in America, baby. Here's a plantation hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I have you spoken about the Yankees at all today. About the Yankees one. The Yankees winning, you know, what is there to say about it? Well I just wanted to say I've been watching how they they're talking about how this is such a great team and you know the best team of the you know one of the best teams of the century. Oh no they're not. Well I mean that's what the that's what they are saying on TV. You know I understand it but you couldn't say anything that that exists today as well as the best teams of the century because you have all these expansion teams and the quality of play is so watered down and diluted that anybody who makes it just they may be responsible and illuminate it. Right right well what bothers me about it is and especially when you see for example the the the Yankees that was made by Brian Jordan there and right feel on an easy fly ball and right on catch it was made by Azigia and a chore stop on David Cohen's little blooper there and the infield with the bases loaded when you see these kind of plays being made by minor league players were called major awards anybody would compare this Yankee team to like 1927 or the Yankees teams of the 40s and 50s has to be a maniac. Right well I mean that's Atlanta that made those errors not the Yankees. I understand that but the Yankees have got plenty of marginal guys out there too. Right well what bothers me is that you know from New York originally and just just they're trying to make this an exciting series an exciting game and no no they're not. No the fact that not to the proof in the putting is that almost nobody is talking about that or even that the Yankees won the series and swept it they're all still talking about Jim Gray and Pete Rose. Right right and and what I what I feel is that you know I don't know where these guys come from nowadays these players but they almost come from the aisle of bland yeah because if it's almost like you're watching it's almost like you're watching a a corporation. There's no personality one guy that had personality in the series John Rocker his coach is saying we have to get rid of him he was great yeah he said that he said hey you know F. S. to the New Yorkers you know he was really into it he was a great in New Yorker he had some some enthusiasm some spirit. I think it's like if you haven't threw the as a man spirit they put it down what happened you're absolutely not happy that the Yankees are boring and you're gonna have a call what happened we even even find better as he has gotten his turn into him when he's sitting there you know what happened to the public role what happened to Billy Martin to Reggie Jackson when it was all you know like the tennis it's the same thing I see it and baseball these guys have they're in the best example of the time you're worth Tiger Woods he's just a walking money machine yeah that they're like he's got personality of a dead man I think they go to bland school so they can't say anything well let's find so let's find out more important things like real life okay sounds good 5 6 7 0 5 50 pound 5 50 on the AT&T line 8 7 7 7 8 5 need a lot at the statewide line so to be a worldwide line we pray 4 minutes to one a QAM this is 5 60 QA out okay what do you know what did that guy want why don't I spoke to joins well I got caught up behind here because I got the this thing here maybe I'll read this first because you were right he jumped the gun reform party candidate Jesse Vera reform party governor Jesse Venther responded once the delay was reported his tortations were the presidents of over the resounding no unless I said that I'm running in that I won't run and they said to me well what if that means saving us third party movement and I said if indeed it got to that point it would require the people in the sort of command say it's okay governor for you to run for president and then we and he didn't quit the reform party and he didn't absolutely say and he still you know but he said go ahead and the light up he's got a wall jumped the gun go ahead light up it will take the rest on death for I saw two JO's did Oh I hope to judge people and brothers, you're the same. And then I just do what? Oh my daddy, he won't come, he's heard you, we are working man. My mama, we want to meet, turn you to live as you can. Oh, you said one day, I'm the tema, Give me a kiss. Oh, you're great, like. Hardwood, good and hardwood fine. The first take care of him, too. I hope to judge when I get up in the car and move to judge. I hope to judge when I believe he'll get up in the city of game. And then every day, I'll always have to judge. I hope to judge, he's time to feel, he's too in time. I hope to judge, he's time to judge, I say I hope to more. And then every day, I'm the daddy, he won't come, He's heard you, we are working man. For my mama, he won't come, he's heard you, He's heard you, we're working man. The same one day, I'm the tema, give me a kiss. Okay. Hardwood, good and hardwood fine. The second take care of him, that's why I hope to judge. I hope to judge, he's made me feel, all right. I hope to judge, he's time to feel, I hope to judge, he's time to judge, and then I'm the one who won't come, He's heard you, we're working man. For my mama, he won't come, he's heard you, He's heard you, we're working man, he's heard you, he's heard you, we're working man, he's heard you, He's hear you, we're working. Ahhh! 105 and 65% of student top supporting human rights was expressed Either college or college or you could upset but you've seen them being there, Hello, hey Neal, I'm the only living reading person under 110 in K-Coreals Oh, right Hey, a third-time college first time diabetic just found out about nine weeks ago really I was a whopping 386 Your blood sugar was 386? Yes, sir. Oh, nine weeks ago now It's plain something to me. Yes, it went down like back in normal on about eight weeks Is it possible just to have high blood sugar dope and not be a diabetic in other words The doctor now still got me on the crap all the crap and in my blood sugar one way way way way way way Okay, you're taking something for us. Yeah, glucopysch. Yeah. Well, that's great. That's good stuff Well, the fact that it went down to normal is only because you're taking the drug You can't stop taking it. There's no such thing. The only diabetic for rest of your life Yeah, but you can also do the adkins diet which you'll do some other low carb diet Well, so keep your blood sugar way down and then you can stop taking the drugs if you keep you do check your own right Yeah, I did that and I had another question I did that and I lost 23 pounds. Well, there you go within a week and I went back down the normal which was great right And she told me hey, we were you losing other 10 pounds my doctor that is and I'll take the All medication altogether. Yeah, but you got to be careful and not to not go back to eating the crappy world before because you still have the tendency to be diabetic And your blood sugar will skyrocket again Even though I mean I can have a little plate of pasta now and then no, but keep checking it Don't don't get careless with it because that's what I did 10 years ago and had a minor stroke and you just can't You got to pay attention to it. Can't mess with it. There's those there's being it's like being a little bit pregnant There's no such thing as a former diabetic Right, you always have going to have the tendency all your life But if you lose the weight and if you eat the right things and you can get off the medication Right, and that's what she's telling me now. I haven't taken because my blood sugar was great I'm reading 86 82 excellent She's telling me well, I just stopped the medication on my own, but she's got me instead of The pills want to day now. She has me on place today and I'm back to normal. Let's say what the hell? Yeah, what the sense of this when I'm back? You you you have to figure it out for yourself You know this is a kind of thing you know better than she does you have to measure it yourself and you know Pric the finger and do the thing and then see how it goes and I'm picking it I'm picking it twice a day in here and They still want to bring you to do the three months thing. What's that all about? I mean if they if you're looking at your book once a day Why did they go back and check for every three months because they want your money? I see I understand that for your insurance money somebody's money. Okay, now. Thanks a lot So you stay on top of it pal. Yeah, you got it. I'll do it and I'll roll a big fat one for you and Jesse all right. All right. Bye Bye. Yeah, Jesse says he's not running but but I mean, but I'm old about him They always say that maybe he's just maybe that whole Donald Trump thing maybe that's just a facade You know, I'm hoping for that and maybe he's hoping that the whole thing blows up in everybody's face and then a few months Like in the middle of next summer he says okay, you're all desperate now. I'll jump in like I didn't Minnesota and we'll say okay except of course for religious nuts Like George W. In his crowd Here's sunrise. Hello Yes, sir, you know, I was a way to 20 years ago when you made a book 50. I don't think they make much more today Who 10 to 10 and the worst tip is with the southern blacks? They come in with table of eight $100 bill and barely we 50 cents a person maybe isn't that nice? So we added 15 percent on the bill. This was 79 Atlantic City only three casinos at the time. Oh, and it was just incredible. I mean, if people come from all now And they know what to do Southern blacks, unbelievable like Miami and Like Miami beats like a tytonis just like a tytonis Now he's gonna sue what what is he gonna get out of the what is this guy looking for? I mean because he get money for the first of all the fact that he called 911 when he left He recalled the police and then he got his lawyer on his side right away Looks to me like he's looking for something. You know, I can't read his mind But it doesn't look too close to me. I was saying what I mean? What is it? What is going to be? Ties what is his name is if it were me what I would do is I would need there again. That's all absolutely I mean, I might go to the media and make a big stink about it and try to give him some bad publicity But when somebody starts suing suing for what does he want to go back there again now? I don't think so no you know no another thing I just want to mention about the chop meat You know as these big processing plant all boy don't think make that mostly for like the fast food restaurants or the Sam's clubs Because when you go to public now, no because public's grinds their own Well, let me too, but they yeah, yeah Yeah, you know public's I thought grinds their own chop meat. Yeah, and it's not from these big processing plant Oh, I was good. I'm going to public to get some meat right after this you're I am yeah, and I think I have like a regional Place they cut the stakes and those those coming really but it's still pretty safe there And one last thing on the 800 number thing. Yes, I have one for my business My 800 number is only a national number. I can't receive calls from Canada There's two different kinds of there's different services. Yeah So just could you have an 800 number don't you know people can't call you from all over the world? Well, we better get to run around there I'm gonna be pissed there you go. Okay. Thanks. Bye Yeah, I'm gonna go to public to get a whole bunch of meat when I get out of here today. I'm gonna go home and just damn go to cook it real real good Okay, I don't want no more raw meat. I Can't believe that woman told me that about raw weeds. I've been eating raw hot dogs all my life It's you don't you or am I doing money? He's raw. I was washing it. Yeah, it's a good snack That's for a while. That's for a long time, but I used to like that a lot. Yeah Let's roll with a raw weener I mean, don't have to get too hot It's 11 after one at five 60 WQM's holy Mac and on this is Joe bowl on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil Godいただ Rei The I like come man, be one the gold, be there, hey, me stuck all the large, daddy of the body I like come man, be one the gold, six men, seven men, eight men, ten I like come man, be one the gold, six men, seven men, eight men, ten I like come man, be one the gold, hey, me stay there, hey, me, stay there, hey, I don't I'll do the board bunch of burbles shops Right now come and me while I'm alone See this beautiful ring in the club Right now come and me while I'm alone Six men seven men eight men seven Right now come and me while I'm alone Six men seven men eight men seven Right now come and me while I'm alone Me say Right now come and me Right now come and me One man I want One more Okay that's right you're making lady You're not said to banana boats I'm gonna clip some music and a lot of course most of the music from the Caribbean now is Drug related can we say that you know like Bob Marlotte Come on Cross Bob Marlotte and feelings of good no more but nevertheless and then what it's all about gone to this gone to that I heard when he died they found traces of marijuana and you're a tool anyway Of course after you die one of why they do test your stool but nevertheless Maybe to see where you've been sitting Anyway, here's let me read it again from Tom jikas Khan Now I keep reading this and it's such a major subject If they were gonna put a thing on the door this morning they should have had Tom jikas Edmundistering oral whatever to me and not not bluff Lindsey Although if I had a choose between the two I'd blow my brains up but nevertheless Oh, what I thought that is Of course a little Tom down there you know on the floor on his hands and knees But his bald spots staring me in a push Of course the bluff has got a bald spot too, you notice that Are you never look back close He says with almost all the major sports franchises in soft floor to lock the WQM Has got a strangle hole on the format it's serendipity You see I hate to admit this I don't know what that word means even I great linguist like yours truly That's not a word that I use I know the serendipity singers But it's not a word that I really ever anybody taught me what it meant Do you know what it means? It was on a vocabulary test But you know what it means I see I feel so much better because you're being the great intellectual that he is hard to aspect Nevertheless, also doesn't know what to mean So maybe somebody because we don't have a dictionary here We can't afford one No, there's no dictionary over there We got the music in cyclopedeos and movie guide all that stuff We don't have no encyclopedeos My guess is that it's something like like harmony or like a natural It is serendipity that WQM also has the market's dominant personality and the arrogors Without rangers overwhelming audience shares Which are triple and quadruple what the station does the rest of the day It's target demographics WQM would slide a few notches further down the list How do you like that? That time jica He's nice to fit And of course it's coming to about the just heavy rain that we had with hurricane I mean we're totally out You know, time when you do a good job, I just call it like it is I like you, you're a good guy, but so often you're so full of crap And you missed the race completely, which I can't forgive you for Here's Kendall, hello Kendall Gone After half hour wait 33 minutes is 11 seconds What a shame What is it? I want to make sure because they waited a half an hour I don't want to cut them off if they're not there Here's Miami, hello Yes sir Hey, I know you don't trick alcohol when you go up to restaurants I don't think alcohol periods But um, do you think in most leaders in laters Expect to be left at least 15% limb like half of a 300 dollar bill Is that 150 bucks worth of wine What does it mean? What does it take any talent up in the bottle of wine? So in other words, you're going to leave a tip based on I whether they did stupid pet tricks or a mental tricks at the table You leave it based on the total tab not what it was for In addition to which how could a $300 tab have that beef for a while Unless unless you bought a very expensive bottle of wine Right, that's what you mean And if you got to kind of money you could afford to buy 150 dollar bottle of wine Then what do you're but mission about a tip for? I'm just asking you know I don't want to drink They're entitled to their 20% The full load on the whole nut The full load on the nut Okay, how about government of the law? It's man, thank God, huh? Yeah, let's get a baby Yeah, man And I asked does when they thought they were out they pulled them back in And um, you know, here we are Half of the electric chair Saudi Arabia ninety six people behed it this year Yeah, systemary Catherine Jesus Okay, 560560 pump 560 on the AT&T wireless line As we continue for the search for the The definition of a serendipity Anybody tell you what? I mean, somebody calls us says it It was luck, but that doesn't sound great That would be great That would make sense to the serendipity The lucky EF, you ever heard that song, you'd agree Watch the rain, fall down your pants, whatever it's on was By the way, was there Randy Mowriting? They were playing this morning on the worst team about the banana Isn't his pants? Do you know Randy Mowr said it's on the hockey broad cash last night? A nice boy from Red Deer all burt a cana Cana then he says I thought that was grotesque Randy totally uncalled for it In addition to which by the way, Pablo Borees got five goals on the season Two in the game last night Randy can't come under between periods and saying Oh, he's got his second goal of the season No Randy of the evening is what you meant I think he said it about 45 times Just before he said Here's a lady in Miami, hello Hello Hi Hi How are you doing? I'm saying good, it's me again I want to be a regular on your show Who are you? Well, I'm called you and I requested a saying Let's request the Rambo one Yeah Do you remember now? Yeah Okay, listen, I know I can go to the newspaper And get this information about much rather at few Wednesday next 10, 13 The next home game? Yeah November 10th against Atlanta Okay, thanks You'll be your usual spot I'll be in my spot All right, I dropped you Okay I'll see you there Bye bye Bye Woo One years 560560 Pomp 560 on the edge Yeah, we got to amend our fences with those spits I mean, with our human friends out there Because we're down about 5.5 I would flip down a ladder there Schwarz is we're going big time Hello, this is very depressing to me He heard about you, something black guys Folks, you know, you can drive all them away Still, I'm not, hard at it Well, they got to sense a humor And they don't even care See, it's one thing Like, you know, don't tip the hockey That's the attitude Tip the terror, don't run Tip the terror, but don't tip the cracker And don't tip the soup Because it might get on your pants Yeah, this got to test me about a bottle of wine I don't care what it is If you can afford, see it's based on What you can afford If you've been afforded by a $400 meal Then leave an 80 buck tip should be any problem to you I go into roots, grist like the day that I took on you Orish mucks in there Nine people in there What was the tab that day? 500 bucks, something like that? Yeah I left $100, that's 20%. I can afford it, can I afford it? I got you sweet ass, I can afford it In addition, which my fag I've friend over there at the way to there I'll hit him way down the stairs I don't know how to straight way to that day She got one, so I'm going back And then he went to service was great The service is always this great over there The food is great, the service is great What's not to like? So what are we going to show us? Who said we're going to show us? So remember, we were going to compare Why did you go over there? Let me know now that we treated you at roots, grist Why don't you have hand-take you to show us? I've remembered taking me for that I don't want to go to shows I don't want to go to a place where a guy who played golf were almost 40 years Every time I hear that spot I would play golf from a square in here You know the first thing that comes to mind Every time he says that Why? Yeah, why have you been playing golf from a 40 years down? Are you a golfer? I mean, is that you're a bag? Oh, oh, I would be playing golf from a 40 years Maybe because he's boring, maybe that's the problem I just don't understand that I mean, they're nice people at play golf Like, Ray Whitney is the place golf There's one of my favorite people in the world They're probably already on the way to Buffalo Great guy You want to say anything bad about any of those hockey players I'll tell you that right now They could crush you with a guy with a pinky They could crush, I'm telling it Talk about your macho man They're the greatest athletes in the world I'd like to have somebody to bait me on that Okay, who the greatest athletes in the world are The greatest condition people Ever see those hockey players naked, baby? Wow They got muscles and places where it's illegal Those are your athletes Not these big 350 pounds Slob these linens Or supposedly athletes football players They're just big fat pigs Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Yep, yes sir Serendipitous Yes Discovering something that is beneficial or Closent, surely by accident Ah-ha Excellent, thank you sir God bless you How do you like that? I love it Thank you Tom Tom's back on my alice Okay, I love Tom's I couldn't eat my favorite person in the world Yes, like Pena Solon What do you mean by that? Serendipitous, he discovered it by accident This is a mole he was going to throw it out But then he stuck under the microscope That guy Okay, Louis Pestor Yeah, that's one He said, oh, this is yucky Wait, let me look at it first And hey, that's pretty good Well, I'm allergic to it That's how screw him 26 after one It's 560 W to kill him How do you like that? So in other words, they fell into a bucket of Crap is what Tom's try to say Just a lucky accident They fell into a bunch of By bringing me over here in Like Greg Reed said, coming out of the Torlopio that after taking a real Smelly trap in there Says, oh yeah, well, you know, people Think it's easy to get ratings We never had any ratings until we brought you over here How do you like that? And of course, if we were somebody knew something about radio I would have taken that as a high compliment But it was from Greg, so I, you know, I just kind of Said, yeah, yeah, well, you Fudge back him You and this daughter happy place No, it's like I've been crappy place Where every body hates The sight of your place You and this daughter happy place It's the thinking Think this great You and this daughter happy place God worshipers Who love OJ Back that being rebroken The equipment always breaks It's a hot and charming place You and this daughter happy place Oh, real depressing place You and this daughter happy Well, 31 and 5.50 WKOM So here's a facts from one of our listeners Our first years of facts from Abraham L Well, most of it got a call Yesterday, I asked him about the tytonis Because he says boy did I f up But anyways, there's a lot of one of our Chitonis from Martin Luther, Kood Day dinner My treat of course I don't know Maybe they'll have a Martin Luther Cooldon special Do you want to play that? I don't want to play it I mean, how could it be Bible of some I mean, the guy admitted it No, he did not No, he did not No, he did not He did not And one of his starts to employ Employees was on her yesterday Shank he didn't admit her tonight Because he was out of town He's not coming back to late tonight Oh, he's not going to be a partner He's the never meaning boon in his body Or you don't have a bone or something like that Or they thrown him a bone I don't know, I don't want to play that I believe in using a little bit of judgment Okay And I think it's actionable And if they want to go ahead and soup I'm not playing it over here All great reads it Well, they're playing it over there Of course, I know I'm always going to check with him You know, to see if we should play something Not, am I going to check with him? No, no, he'd be the last person I'd ask So somebody facts us from the Webster Dictionary So it must be marginally correct The definition of serendipity The etymology of the word From its possession by the heroes of the Persian fairy tale The three princes of serendip date 1754 Meaning the faculty or phenomenon of fighting valuable or agreeable things Not soft for In other words, following into a bucket of Crack, which is what I said How do you like that? So in other words, it was just blind luck And it was just a sport nerd stuff they put on the air That's got marginal numbers That they fell into a bucket of crap with They got these gigantic numbers that are three and four times The rest of the number that we're seeing Which is why some of those people from the morning show Are acting like a bunch of little children They're very upset Start an act like the PD now They're drawn pictures of them and whining and crying like him too You know what I was thinking here before During that last break, how many friends do we really have on it Morning show, ya? Tommy Tommy's our buddy Anybody else? No. Anybody else connected with that morning show that likes us? No. That really is our ally. No. That we could trust. No. That we give a sharp instrument to if we were around. No. Can you name me one? I see your scratch on your head and your nose. Who? Mr. Goldstein. Are you serious? He's not slimy. Off the air. He's a good guy. What? I think he's a good guy, but I don't, I just, he's just doing his best. He's just trying to make a living. I'm not talking about his performance on the air. You know what I mean? I'm not talking about that. I'm just talking about his relationship with us. Now he and I have been getting along very well lately, but nevertheless, I don't, I just, you know, it's a short term thing. I get along with show all right. Show, Rose. Yeah. I mean, he seems pretty safe and innocuous. Is he on our side? I think we could count on him. Is he one of us? If he came to a fight, he does. How about that chicken in a wood pile? Well, he's on the fence. Always having. 560, 505, 60, pound 560. I get T, T, wireless one. How about your best friend, Donnie B. What about him? No. What about Mr. Happin is there? Robert Greeper? No. No. Don't trust him. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Fort Lauderdale. Yes, sir. Yeah, when it's talk about the tipping issue that you've been bringing up with. Yes, sir. These people have no idea of what they're doing. None. What do you mean? Well, I work in the industry and they have no idea. Especially these South Americans that come in. They've got millions of dollars. And they leave you five to eight percent tip. It's unbelievable. Then you got these, you know, Ragamuffins that were just on the phone. And that sitting in front of a computer terminal is harder work than running around. Right. Oh, yeah. She was on a control. I told you she was an arrogant to make in bitch. Oh, they're all bitches. Unbelievable. They come in and they ran into the run you around. They ask you for this. They ask you for that. And then they leave you, you know, five bucks on a 60 dollar check. On a setable, on consumable. On acceptable, they should throw them all out. In fact, in fact, what should be done for people to do that. Instead of this tight toning thing where you stamps the thing on the check. What should be done is this. You should have like a card. You haven't pre-preated cards saying, you know, we appreciate your paper. It's the one time that you'll behave your in terms of lack of appreciation of the service and leaving an unacceptable tip. Retourely whatever you want to say. Don't come back again. Absolutely. Excellent. Thanks for having me. Good luck, pal. Yeah. The people are working a service industry waiting on you bastards. Man, I'm in sure there's some of more assholes. But that's too many business. Okay. Most of them work their asses off. In addition to what's just just stopping think of how demeaning it is to have to wait. I couldn't do it. I could never do it. Oh. It was bad enough waiting on people in the store when I was a kid and worked in my father's store. Part time like in the summer and so even that I wasn't crazy about. But having to go and wait on people and stand there and cater to their whims. Oh, well, this isn't just right. And that is, and of course, guess what? Speaking of the cook, if something's wrong with the order of the meal comes out as exactly the way they wanted or they're not real happy with it. Does the cook take the grief? No, the waiter or the waitress takes the crap. And sometimes very vehemently so. And I'm in the waiter cook it. No, waitress did she cook it? No, but there are ones that are going to have to take the heat for it. A lot of abuse. And I just don't think, I this guy's right. I don't think too many people really appreciate what kind of the job it is and how much they should show their appreciation for good service. Yeah, because I guess people figure if they're going to spend a few bucks of their own money that they should expect automatically, that somebody should be subservient to them. You know what I say to that? That's what I say to that. I wouldn't do that man for all the money in China. Wait on people and demean myself and lower myself. Like being a Butler or a maid. Give me this. Give me that. Do me this. Do me that. Do you, okay? And then stiffen the top of it all off. Like, like, you know, rubbing salt in their womb. 560 50 50 pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line 22 till 2. We got Hank at Flagler today. We got Hank with Vino 566. Her cool hotline 68 and World Series again number five has been canceled because of lack of need because the Yankees won 4 straight. That's what it says on here. Looster 8 to a 10 at Kaplan after that for the gambling show. Suck it in and hold it. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. We can't find you, but she did justice to fear. We look good all over and it still ain't here. Hey, Trudgy, Junior, where's your rap sheet? Oh, I knew I'd play the good side out. That you did slow. You were a rich college kid. Trudkin party. Oh, and you cut it. What possession of drugs? But I don't wish it's like you. You could hide him with just two cuts and eight. Jack's left is better. Pick him at charge. Oh. Trudgyboy's junior is a piece of shit. Trudgyboy's junior is a piece of shit. Trudgyboy's yogne is a piece of shit. Trudgyboy's junior is a piece of shit. 1 4. 3 4 Mrunses. Trudgyboy's junior is a piece of shit. Trudgyboy's junior is a piece of shit. Come on. Trudgyboy's junior is a piece of shit. Tough. But was jorean a piece of shit. Trudgy Feuer is a piece of shit. I'm going to don't forget to put the turret. It's 145 and 5.62. I'm anyway. I made a mistake yesterday. I'll wait. Profuse apology to my friend, Kerala over at 101. I didn't understand this because I just didn't really carefully enough in its my fault. I made a mistake. Is that possible? Yes. Pizza loft on Tuesday night. We raised 3,900 A.V. So when she said almost for grand, we were right on the edge of it. And at the bottom, she just put an asterisk to compare Pizza loft last year. We raised 2615 bucks. We got raised $13 more at Pizza loft this year than we did last year. Nice going, Neil. Thank you. Sorry, Kerala. Even though you're still a little wacko, but nevertheless, I can understand. So here's the, on and by the way, speaking of the key change, all of our stuff now, here's the deal. The best in the LCDs and cassette are its specs, including over and 4 miles, all of their day-browered and Palm Beach and 4 miles. The key change, the ones that do the stuff, the noises, are not its specs. And the only reason that they're not carrying them is because they're small and they're easy to steal and they just didn't have a reasonable way to take a stock of them. Okay, keep track of them. So you can get those directly through center one. You can get them from our website and you'll Roger's dot com to get them off of there. Or you can call a center one at 800 number. They got a toll free number. 800, 3, 3, 9, 28, 15, 3, 9, 28, 15, and also with our appearances, which will have an appearance sometime in November if our sales department ever gets on to them. Or are they bad? They are really bad. Same deal for the T-shirts, by the way. I signed two of them the other day. I don't think I thought the T-shirt we were going to do the same thing as the pictures of the CD. We would be worried that the needle will pop and all that. That's what I thought too. Maybe that's why we only sold two. But nevertheless, T-shirts also the same deal, not its price. So somebody facts his name, which I thank you for, but with a heavy heart. Here's the obituary of my good friend Tom Shaper. He was the news director of WS News. He worked with Tom Prescott Robinson Steve Daily. Those of the days weren't they? Oh, oh yeah. Alice Rantel. Steve came back when he was on a station that somebody could hear. Still didn't have any ratings. But anyway, I had some bad facts, so I can't really read it. It said he was, I just can't read the damn thing. Guide in Sun City, Arizona, October 14. He was a radio news director for 27 years before retiring in 1989. After the new US Navy, was a radio coordinator for WNWS. It's said I'm in so on. Tom Shaper is that, unless I said his wife, of course, long since divorced, he never would live this long, believe me, was Emmy Shaper. It was, given, that Emmy Shaper, yes, a certifiable person. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, man. I'm calling because I'm one of those underpaid and underappreciated waitresses out there. Well, I appreciate you. And I wanted to thank you for sticking up for us in the service business. But I did take issue with the fact that you're saying that their job is very demeaning. I mean, because I've been doing this for 30 years and if it was that demeaning, you know, how could I look at myself in the mirror? Yeah. I mean, there are some apples out there that don't know the customs, there's people from other countries, Europe, South America. They really, a lot of them just don't really know the customs. And you know, they're really nice and everything and you give them good service and then they leave and they leave you a lousy tip, but I don't really think a lot of it is, you know, on purpose. Well, Europeans aren't permitted because it's their custom to have it. It's added on, yes, that's cool. But you know, something before you visit anywhere, it's always a good idea to read a travel book and then what, you know, when in Rome, the was the Roman's doing exactly right. And then they ask out of yourself. Exactly. And sometimes you just have to eat it. I mean, other people give you way over what they're supposed to give you, like 20% or not. And it's been made up of the bad, you know? Right. But I appreciate you sticking out for us, but you know, I really don't find my job that demeaning if I did I couldn't do it. Excellent. Okay, sweetheart. I'm on your side. Okay. You got my 10% any day. Well, coming to see me and working on New York, Delhi. Okay. Bye. Bye. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, wireless line. Tip the turret. Okay. Take care of these people and stuff. And you southern black people. What the hell's wrong with you, man? We took a poll these last two days and boy, this Abraham guy, he started he opened up a goddamn hornet says, didn't he? Even God never saw so many hornets as this. We had 42 million calls the last two days and the overwhelming majority said, that's farce is don't tip well. And then we have the Jamaican lady calling you, trying to like to defend that. Now we're just talking about American's charges. What about Haitians? How about if you're like a waiter in a fine restaurant and a Haitian family walks in the door? What do you do? Go out the back? Huh? Colibossia is sick and you have to go home for a couple hours? I mean, how much more, I guess Haitians most of them probably. And this isn't the putdown of Haitians. It's just that we don't have a lot of very affluent Haitians in town doing it. No. In fact, we don't have a lot of affluent black people in the first place. So what's our new people talking about? I think that if you're a black person that's got some serious money, you ought to be tipping pretty good. You ought to kiss the ground that you're not living over there in the overtime with some of the slippers over there who are just having to tough time scraping their way through leaking out of living with their 28 kids. I mean, what's the matter with you, man? In addition to which, seeing now, maybe it's maybe there's some more to what they need to die because we do know that the heart of the culture with the black community, very homophobic. And maybe they assume that, especially when it's a male waiter, that most of the time the waiter is the way that I'm going to need a fact, which is probably true. And maybe they just want to give them their tip. And I think that meant to be the problem. They don't want to share their tip with them. Here's a mobile and poor St. Lucy, hello.