The 4-3-2-5-6-2-2-A-F-My AmiPort Loderdale presents the Neal Rother Show, a Wachthausen-Neal, called 5-6-7-0-5-6-B-12-3 for David Broward, or Pound 5-6-B-on-Joursel-O, the opinions of Neal, his cast-colors, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of W-Q-A-M-B-Leade compositions, or the piece we broadcast with now Neal Rogers, on Sports Radio 5-6-2-A-M-B-R-M-B-Dort. Dorgie Blush said that his dough is clean and never puts up didn't. Cuts he's running for the widehouse so he just can't admit it. Don't drunken that nut all evening down a few people. Conny county drug with doom he even dropped some nuts at too. Why will George chuck him out and simply say he did it? He did it. He repented the press with shut them out. But it's funny you're got them busy. He did more than watch you think. But he watched it tell the same. And he prefer cocaine to have. Let the question that he does. And he made his point much clearer. Like a razor on a mirror. But he wants the tube in ease. That he didn't do anything. Jersey Bush's got his coat of clean and never put it up in. It can't be running for the water house. I'm right 10. I want it 5. 60 WQM happy. You know what a great day this is turn into huh? And about 30 seconds there. Justin the nick of time although I don't want to let Tracy need you off the hook. I want to rip her an ass. Please don't. Why not? She did her best. That's all there is to do. All the adage that I just made up. Okay. And it is don't promise things that you cannot deliver. She didn't exactly promise that how she didn't. The words were no problem unless you distorted her message. We're talking about back street boys tickets by the way for next week at the macaroon. And see that woman in bokeh it's a good thing she sent me that apology letter. Thank you very much sweet heart for sending me the apology letter because otherwise I'd have ripped your ass again. In fact I might just do it anyway. The one that sent me that gushing letter sucking around sucking around about three weeks ago. And then at the end of the letter all and by the way my daughter and I and my sister and law and every other bit sure that we know we'd love to get some back street boys tickets from you. As if I have I like I got tickets people think I got tickets in my back home. You know I don't know what it is. Like that guy in four miles yesterday that had a hot dog in his back home. People just reaching there and pull all kinds of crap I guess. No tickets in my back home already play sells so I get the bad news from Georgia this morning that Tracy nearly. Who's allegedly such a big fan of mine and to see big you know Tracy nearly the worst for some of the record companies that send us all those crappy CDs that we never want. That we used to waste a lot of time on a show giving away. Which by the way there's a rumor that George gave away a bunch of beer on the show one day but did I rumor. A lot of bunch of calls but given beer away on the show. I didn't give stuff away anymore it was a labor day. No it was not labor day labor day was a Monday. I was going on Friday for the Labor Day picnics to the Green Coast. What do you mean to the green goes it was by a green go a beer day. Are you going to start with a Cuban crap again this morning we have it sold it's treatment it's after the hour and I'll ready to start with Cuban crap. No 80. I think he had a show last night called Latin beat. I had 10 o'clock with you. It was about to have a rumor now this new thing you know with the Jennifer Lopez and Ricky Martin and all these other non-talented some divisions. And I watched about 40 minutes of it at least the gal by the way never got a mention. Never got a mention that I saw it in the last 20 minutes but I have my doubts that even ever got a mention. And you want to know why because he doesn't speak in English he doesn't sing an English. Well yes I did it. Yes who they for about five words and everybody laughed him off the stage but at any rate so guess who they spent most of the time on at not Ricky Martin not in Ricky. I will always put it on in Ricky and in Jennifer Lopez but Mark Anthony. You know who that is? No you don't even know who that is. Let me just tell you one thing about Mark Anthony. He can't think for sh**t. Exactly. He don't look good. He doesn't sing good. But other than that he's great. And he crossed over. He crossed dresses and he crossed over. No it's Ricky Martin that crossed dresses. This guy crossed over. And now he sings both an esponial and an English and now he's bigger than one to bread. So supposedly. Can't sing a lick. Can't think for sh**t. Exactly. He's he's growtask. He couldn't lick. Just the tiny spot on either cheek of Luis Miguel. That's how bad this guy is. But this is the hype now baby everything is hype. ABC a whole hour special. Just discover. And then this mombo number five piece of crap that they keep. You know, you know, that either. You know, I'm going to tell you forgot that pretend. Don't know something about big music. It's not it's not spik it's name. The mombo now. It's mainstream. It's big. Mombo number five. Which thank God it took kind of came and went very rapidly was like, you know, like a bad rash that goes away in a couple of days. Mombo number five. So anyway, Greg Reed comes in here about 10 minutes before the hour. With his usual sense of humor going. Like that. So I guess you must have already mentioned to him the fact that I was. What did you think about you? Oh, that's why he came rushing in here. Well, I knew it had nothing to do with radio. But you know, stop and screw that okay anybody can do it with radio. What's he'd put just like with Bob Green did he have anything to do with radio. Oh, but he got me to stand panther tickets. He's the one that said the person and getting me the panther season tickets. Remember that as a gift. Just because they knew that they were underpaying me and getting me real cheap. That's right. So that was a way of, you know, thought they were going to screw me anyway or at least so they thought. Thanks very much by the way, Bob Neil and all you other fakers or you go in up there in Atlanta. Thank you so much because we're working at the best god damn radio station in America right now. I'll eight minutes ago. I would have said quite the opposite. In fact, Greg saved me the investment talking about this article about radio exit and no was Authorism where they got in I showed him the picture. I said, look at that. They got better equipment than we do at a college station. That's here's that frequency with pipe or high with KPX. KPX is seven a.m. the seven p.m. And no was out these is seven p.m. the seven in the morning and play in a hell of a lot better music than power 96 by the way or anybody else on FM and a market. So I'm told, although based on, you know, your musical taste, you just on a world that's the trial. You're just unaware of what's going on in music. How could you not know about it? And how can you not know more camping? Because I don't listen to Julio music. But let me see it again. He's a cross driver over whatever it's teeny Bob pop. Mark Anthony. Yeah. No treatment by that stuff. Oh, here we go with that again. Back, see, first it was the Cuban thing and I was back to his homophobia again. Just like I said yesterday, next to be picking on a Jews again and we're looking to the circle. Tell us about how they stole a land from the desert from the Arabs over there. You can't worry about the desert back at all. Just worry about the desert and Vegas. Okay. Like I said, that was bugsy. See, I got that thing really going. That was that was the desert that the Jews took good care of. Forget about that piece of crap over there. And the bat this by the way, urging prayers to convert to Jews. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That's on the front page of the paper this morning. Just in time for Russia, Shona and you own Kipper. They're getting there starting out in a hockey to weigh again. The goddamn bat that's. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That's good really just stuff. Come on. Let's hear from some Julio's about Mark Anthony this morning. Let's educate George is to all these big stupid stars that he doesn't know anything about all this hot music. Mamba number five. Like I said, just before vacation, we got 80 billion Julio's out there in this audience. The most useless. I mean, I just just like a wet dish rag. That's the impact of our Julio audience. Maddoch Cohen, that's the extent of their input. But when you got something really hot like this, so anyway, Greg Reed comes in and says, He's got me front road tickets for the back street boys concert next week. Oh, there's a guy. Okay, Greg Reed. Not too good on a radio part of it, but not too good on getting people paid on time. But nevertheless, if you wait long enough, if you live long enough, if you're a survivor, you'll eventually get the cash and the check might clear someday. But those are one important thing. The important thing is back street boys front road seats for next week. So there you go, crazy, nearly okay. You failed us badly. So you just don't want me to rip her because you want to keep getting all those crappy CDs. He said, yeah. And it's crap. That's what you think. When's the last time she said it's a good CD? Name me one, the Detroit Rock City soundtrack. But you wouldn't be in that. Yeah, so name me another one. Did anybody might be into besides you and your crappy taste name me another one? Phoenix, uh, T. And by the way, let's risk the biscuit blows. Okay. Let me just tell you beyond a shadow about heat blows today. Him. It. Like sugar rate. Sugar rate. It's him. I mean, it's a group, but it's still, oh, God. I'm starting to get feverish. Oh, by the way, a little spary port on Waff and yesterday. The same idiots that call with the same stupid sports calls on this station. They're calling over there. What do I tell you? You could put a goddamn giraffe on here. Well, what do you think about this Jim Drugham Miller thing? Jim's called Jim Berry. Yeah, during Hank's break, I flip over there and the Jim Berry who's kind of like a male and by the way, he's on with her. Maybe he caught it from her angel array. He does that. That happy talk sports. Hey, here's our phone number. That kind of thing. Got her you an asshole, Jim. Go back to Chicago. Oh, they won't take him. So where's the calls from the goddamn holios about Mark Hanson? He just tells you, you can't think for shit. Yeah, those wrong with you people, man. God, are you tough? What a tough crowd this is. 10 past 10 at 5, 60 WQM or for fuck. I'm fucking blow. Hey, here's our ABC 10 clock tonight. I think I have another show on the Polish crossover music. It's 10 15 at 5, 60 WQM. So speaking of music, anybody, and I don't know why I'm asking these questions because it's obvious that I've had a really a wrong court here today. No question about that. They wouldn't know Mark Anthony from Mark Anthony. I'm telling you right now. They don't have got a clue who that is. It wouldn't know. Marcus biggest dickest from what's his name? Marcus Arruglia. So anyway, radio exit to Nova Southeast University student runs. They got a picture and a community news section in a scumb sent on this morning. And here's Colin or is that Colin? Is there anybody named Colin anymore? Is that like a British thing? I think it's Irish. Oh, that's even worse. Oh, Jesus, boy. Oh, he is wearing kills by the way. Colin Hurley and Derek Copper. So anyway, they're in the studio at Studio X. At whatever this radio station is in over Southeast. And I just haven't noticed here that they've got considerably better. I mean much better equipment that we got here at QAM. Including those really great mics that we used to have like an IOD. What are those? These are electro voice. These are okay. They're not fans and hisers. We have ten hisers. Yeah, for expensive microphones. Very, I mean, they make even a guilty would sound like a real man. Huh? Yeah, I'm serious. I'll actually yell these got a deep, but basic voice. It's just those crappy microphones that make some sound like that. Oh, it's speaking to the worst team. I'm all over the place, but obviously it's going to have, I'll have a lot of time to speak today. Well, seriously, I've never seen the first thing I said in George when I walked in this morning. I have never witnessed in my life such a rapid deterioration of a human being as beefo. We're going to be showing you the beefo and after pictures. And you're going to be holding your head in your hands and crying a lot too. I just, I have never seen anyone. I've known this guy for years now. Work with a Medio deep for a long, long time. And, you know, he was always kind of a, he was always the same. He saw him on television and all those marginal shows. The dog racing show, the highlight show, the sunshine show, the sports channel show. And he still do those things. And he always looked the same. And then he came over here with the sports nerd crowd. And all of a sudden, man, this guy, I mean, I know he likes a, a copper tune now and then, you know, or three or four or five or six. What when you've had a Rocky Mirage like he has a lot of that, you know, maybe that's got something to do with it. I don't know. I don't want to get into a whole personal thing with it. But I came in yesterday back from vacation and saw beefo in a hallway and man, bloodshot. I, this is a, this is eight, forty five in a morning yesterday. We're not talking about eight, forty five at night, eight, forty five in the A.M. Red faced, you know, and he's just gotten, he all the way to Hank lost beefo founded. Like in a lump sum, we're in a corner and he just, they grafted it. Red faced and it's like WC feels. Have you ever wondered what people who looked like WC field looked like when they were younger. In other words, how did the transition take place? How did he come from what if he looked like as like, when it was dirty to how what he looked like in the movies with that big bulb as nose? Now, of course, you mentioned the Irish and the Scottish before. And like Ted Kennedy, there's another example of it. Notice, Tim lately, if you look like real close. In other words, from 500 yards away or closer, I mean, every vein in his face is red now. Every vein, every little cell is just stands out at pro-true. It's red. It's from all of that. Booze is what it is. It's an Irish thing. The beefo is he Irish by the way? No, no. So maybe it's now it's the Irish Jewish Chinese, well, it's Polish, I don't know. So man, this guy is falling apart right in front of our eyes. What are we going to do about him? Can we save him? No, no. Lost cause. So anyway, anybody ever here, radio X, you said that you heard it and they play really good music on there, which NKPS plays great music during the daytime. You actually have a better production value since they're a college that can pronounce a couple words. You mean what's letting me do that? Has he been doing any spots on there? How about Tommy? They got Tommy doing live spots on there? He's the production director. Ha ha ha ha ha. Poor Tommy. Poor Tommy, he was just a terrorist here out by the roots this morning. So no Mark Anthony calls, huh? Nobody knows from Mark Anthony. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Nobody cares about the Julio singers and you want to know why? Because I was doing his years ago. Look at all the number of years ago is usual how far ahead I am of this funny balloony so called mainstream. Years ago that I was pedaling Luis Miguel records in Espanol to Rednex. Even in Tampa, they were going out to the record source and behind Luis Miguel because I was playing it on a year. So as far as this Hispanic music explosion boys and girls, Uncle Neal was ahead of it by light years, a billion years ahead of it. With what's his name? What's the little one with the always running around with a shirt off? Fabius Cedicus, whatever Flavio Caesar. All those guys, yeah. As usual, way way ahead of the mainstream. And now these people are just catching up with a guy like Marcus Anthony. And more whatever his name is, can't sing a lick, can't lick it. At least in Ricky you look at him and you know he can lick it. Here's a mobile implantation hello. Uncle Neal. Yes sir. I'm sorry it was in a whole cat and I went to the Panthers practice. And the practice was closed and a public. Sir, what are you talking about? Are you listening to this show? The Panthers. Are you listening to this show sir? Is this the same guy that called at the beginning yesterday with your Panthers dropping? Sir, just come back. Yeah. Why do we care about the Panthers? Is there something going on that I don't know about? You are a Florida biggest Panthers fan. And? And? Well just want to tell you that we saw them on Saturday. They were doing the entire thing. Sir, let me ask you something. What kind of a person goes to practice? What happened to me in Canada? I don't know. Sir, I go to Canada all the time. I go to Canada all the time. Okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Huh? You're going to go to Toronto? Yeah. This was whole. So what difference is it making? I guess there's not so much to do in halls there. Nothing is going home. Well I guess I know why I went to practice. That was pretty interesting actually. Yeah. We walked in the players entrance by accident. We thought they were unbelievable. What's matter? Every when I want to talk cocky like when the season is going on, I came by a call for $50,000. But when I'm trying to talk about something important here like Marcus Diccus, whatever his name is, you're telling me about the Panthers practice in hall-ah-ah. Whatever it was. Okay, tell you it just happened. Oh, so what is there? What is there to tell us about Panthers? Let's hear it. We walked in. No, I don't want to add one here. You walked in. You sat down. What is it that you saw that would be in turn of interest to us? Well, first one. The Omgads are the areas of totally different. This is a riddle about 5,000 Cent Arena, about 40 years old. Just the old pictures on the wall, the old hockey players was very interesting to see. It feels totally different than the my experience on it. Well how about Maple Leaf Gardens? They're not playing there anymore. But it's still a few different walk-in, aren't they? They've been there and see all the stuff on the walls. It feels different. What does that happen to the Panther practice? Well, on the Burrito Skin Rattling, during the time for those time skates, you looked fantastic. Yeah. Not a prominent world. Uh, Trevor 10 looks very good. Looks very good. What in the suit? No, skating around. Yeah. I don't think skating around. How can you tell if a goalie looks good skating around? Were all of those heavy up-hat. All of that equipment? What do you mean he looks good? He didn't fall down? Yeah. Well, it's fun to sit and sit around with all those kids. Like you said, you know, hopping and puffing. But it was interesting. Please. I can't even get hard time. I'm trying to help the out of here. How about what? What was hockey talk? You such a big say. I thought you would find that interesting. You also pulled us. We were talking to what you were talking about. Well, you're fucked up with five. What? I don't want to hear about three. Marie, he's an asshole. The players all hate him. I know I'm about to play Marie. Okay. Well, look Saturday. You've seen such group that everybody is signed. All of a sudden, you know, this is so Saturday. He gave you the insights to a blunt. You're not listening to what I'm saying. Sir, he's an asshole. The players will not play for him. They hate him like poison. Read my lips. It's okay. It's like a set of these elements. Right. Excellent. That's not your starting to, you know, get to the good stuff. Yeah. What's the matter? Have a great day. Oh, can you, can you believe just like yesterday? I come back from vacation. It's hockey talk. This guy was in Hall. I'm Terry or whatever. The hell. How long you know where the hell it is. And I don't care. He's going to be Hall and Dennis Hall and Brett Hall and Warren Hall. Anybody know Warren Hall? No. From Strakid Rich. See Mark Anthony. They don't know. Hockey talk from Hall. Canada somewhere. They're watching the Pantheon practice that he knows. Like I cares. Anybody in this audience cares about that? No. Even in the middle of the season. Even in the height of the season. And the height of whatever might be going on. If anything does go on this year, if burried, don't get injured. Do they care about hockey here? No. And this guy's calling me to give me a son of a dead. Replicably that he was in Hall Ontario. Watch his a pantheon practice. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile online. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. Meal. Yes sir. How's calling? That's week. Georgia's doing a show. And I wanted to find out what he's only ended up deciding on whether he was going to do a swing thing or not. So let me ask you something. Are you listening to your radio today? Yes sir. Am I talking about swing that George Waste in a whole week of the show talking about again last week? I was just trying to get beautiful from. Not the info about what? You see what is. I told him to have to wait till the next vacation. Yeah. Well, what difference does it make you whether George goes there or not? Well, whatever. I called last week. And I was hoping to do first and experience from it. But I was holding for so long and then I'm hanging up. Yeah. Well, I mean, George had a lot of calls last week. That's a good sign. I'm not getting any this week, but, you know, it's a transition period. So did he do it or not? You'll have to wait till I go in vacation November again and then he'll tell you. Jesus. All right. Okay, so don't don't crash but so tight. Okay, let it breathe a little bit. Let's a moxid unit. Well, you got these people whipped up with that swing crap. I'll tell you that. So I'm sorry that I mentioned about that Latin beach. Well, I was not at about Mark Anthony and, uh, Yeah, I'm sorry. And the mongo number five and all of a sudden crap. Very sorry. Let's do some hockey talk. Okay. Oh, come on. Seriously. That's what they want to talk about. Breyer first call yesterday. Right out of the box. Hockey call. First call this morning. Right out of the box. Hockey call. I can call. Remember. Get them on the hotline. 1026 and 560 WCM. I think our loss is number. I have it. Like I said, if you're smart. See. I have a hairy chest. I have a hairy chest. I have a hairy chest. Realmen have hairy chest. I like the watch paywatch. I like to watch paywatch. I like to watch paywatch. Realmen like to watch a paywatch. I like to listen the Ricky Martin. What? I like to listen the Ricky Martin. Hello Realmen. Dold. Listen. Rickian. Sorry, pal. Ah, shit! Come on, hurry up. Miss gun. I will. 3560 WQAM. So I have to talk about swing and again until we can make a transition out of it. Seriously, the only people that I got left listening now after the week that you did last week are the swinging crowd, which we noticed about what 80 of those is that what it is. Oh, God. They're all sitting out. There's there's squeeze in it waiting for the arrest of the story. Here's the facts. Dear Neil, usually I am way to the name on this facts, by the way. Usually I agree with you, but today I'm a little disappointed. I can't believe you don't like Mark Anthony. Do I like Mark Anthony? No, he sucks. He has an incredible voice. He does look like crap, but he can sing especially in Spanish. You should listen to his older CDs and I guarantee you you'll change your mind about it. Oh, no. He is much better than Ricky and Ricky. Chris theon. What? Castro and yes, better than Luis Miguel. Oh, yeah. Once again, Neil give them a try. Love. W. I. W. I. W. I. What is that? We we. Is that I love we we? Maybe that's a statement. Love we we. Oh, my God. You have to be kidding me. Mark Anthony better than Luis Miguel. I mean, this is laughable on the face of it. It's a joke. It's ridiculous. Just another hype job, man. The guy can't sing. Looks like a third burger. He weighs about 80 pounds so good wet and other netty's dynamite and he's going out about well, he got his inspiration from you know, who the hell did they have on a, oh, a Santana, which you've ever heard of that O. A call of I, again, I'm going to go one last time. Don't, I don't tell me you've got that. Yes. Oh, Jesus Christ, but by different people. Wow. Thank God. And he's talking about his inspiration was watching the dizzy arenas doing a Bobbalu on TV. Bobbalu. There you go. That's the great human contributions in music. Bobbalu. Get it out of here. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. How are you doing, buddy? Okay, sir. You read that article in the health. But the disgusting Christian fundamentalists trying to convert some of the here. Yes, sir. I mentioned that. Yes, back to Starra. Trying to convert the Jews. They're praying right now. What's the reason for that? The shintai worry about they're getting their own memories. And for that is because like all fundamentalist Christians and like all fundamentalist religions of any kind, I believe that there are things to convert the world with their own sick twisted religion. God damn those Christians. Exactly. Bye. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight, five, six, six, the animal, one line like I said yesterday. Anybody who would buy it any of this bull crap. Anyway, needs serious help. Need to lobotomy immediately with not sooner. Especially people like your good friend. You were counting that you're always defending. Indefensible, a crazy person, a certifiable. I don't care how good of an account be is. A certifiable, crazy person. What's the point? My point is that the people like that need to be, uh, we need to be separated from them to save us from their insanity. Comes in here twisting, he's laying it to fill in and he's wrapping the, uh, oh my God. Crazy people. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in the Miami. Hello. Hello. Welcome to Swing Talk, yes, sir. Yeah, long time first time. How you doing? Okay. I'm going to Vegas at the end of this month and you had mentioned in your, uh, in the past about a restaurant. It's kind of hard to get in, but it's excellent. It's hard to get in. Yeah. You said that it was a wonderful restaurant, but Rosewood Grill. Look, Grill? Rosewood Grill. Okay. It's not hard to get in. It's not hard to get in. No, because it's expensive as I'll get out. Oh, what are they, what's their specialty? They lobster, et cetera, you know. A lobster that we have to sell. I don't care about the prices. They have good lobster. Okay. Well, that's the place for you. Right in the middle of the strip. Okay. Listen, thanks so much, Neil. Have a great time. Okay. And it is this dynamite McDonald's about two blocks down the road. So what a great say about my basketballies tickets. Okay. Because this audience is there in different, I don't care about these people today to make me sick. I'm so disgusted to be back after 10 great days of vacation. I come back to this the last two days. Total lack of respect. Total lack of anything in this town. So what a great say about those obesity ports tickets. He was told me that the exhaust fan is being installed even as we speak in the bathroom. Oh, you know, something? I changed my mind about that because I wanted to take a leak about 10 minutes before the show. You know, I mean, I realized that we can't all control our bodily aromas at all times. But I have never worked in a radio station in my life where there were as many people who've got this really smelly B&L problems. I'm talking, I mean Josh Friedman's not even here this morning that I know of. And by the way, they shove your chair all the way down a hallway Josh just because it smells so bad. Not as bad though as it smelled in the, oh my, I walked in there. I said, it smells like a like a toilet in the air. Your eyes water. Oh my god, who took a crap just before I went into this morning? So thank God, we got the exhaust fan going nice going Greg. Like I said, that Greg Reed man is salt to the earth. Comes to radio. He's a big zero, but other than that, what it comes to the other good stuff like tickets, exhaust fans, he's the best. And he is, he knows his crap, baby. That's right. That's why we're getting the exhaust fan in the old craft room there because Greg knows his crap. That's what he knows about radio too, crap. That's for him to those back street boys tickets right there in the front row. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? You're welcome back buddy. Sir, sure. Easy for you. Yes. Listen, I was an answer then when I was young was my parents to stop men and the hookers back then were great. You say that now they're not that great over there. The red light district. Oh, there are a lot of real skanky ones. There's some three attractive ones. It depends on how desperate you are, I guess. Yeah, because when I was there, man, they were all pretty hot, man. Well, I don't know about the hookers. I mean, if people have said this before, I'll say it again. If you need to pay for sex and Amsterdam, you're pretty desperate. Yeah. Yeah. I'm the old vapor at any time. Here you go. At least honesty is always a good policy. Yeah. And another thing, oh yeah, the guy he said, Land Rover, or for not a dog, the pony and rover you a bunch of pushbacks and I'm on my way. Take care of Neil. Okay, pal. I'll still believe whatever that means. 567. 0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line as we continue searching for the truth. Baptist guide who just preferred by the way, American Airlines, the the Rugrats or the Iran Prats, whatever they call them. They had a full page at they took out in the hotel yesterday, which I somehow missed since I don't scour every page of ads in the hero. But there was a piece on the news last night. And they're pissed off and fired up over there. American Airlines at MIA, the a Rugra, I mean, ramparts. I mean the drug rats. Whatever they are, the real rats because they don't want to be called this and they're taking it personal just because there was this big drug buzz and because everybody hates American Airlines like poison. I'm going to tell you a little American Airlines story again. Because I have some like you saw me scratch out the thing on the counter, we were going to go to Vegas in November and change the plans because it was too close to my next vacation. So, posted back to like Martin Luther Cune Day next year that weekend. So, I call up. Now, I have already made longer go because you know, months ahead, I make all these reservations and get my tickets on American Airlines through Dallas to Vegas because I will not fly America worst. So, I had the tickets and they're not refundable. So, what choice you got? So, I call up American Airlines to make this change. I spoke to a girl who on a scale of zero owed 4 million points in the IQ column and I told her I had the tickets. I needed to change the dates. Oh, one month and I went through the whole story about what the dates were. One moment, a place you put me on hold and now comes on some guy who must be her brother and husband. Yeah. And I said, well, do I have to start all over again? And he goes, oh yeah. So, I have to go through the whole story all over again about, well, these are the dates that I got to tickets for and this is what we would like to fly on the same flights and I got a yacht of yacht of it. And this transaction, I'm going to tell you something. I could have talked to my miniature picture and he would have had better comprehension of what I was talking about. All through the call, he kept going, like that. All through this call, I must have lasted 25 minutes for the simplest goddamn transaction. I'm more on could have done this. In five minutes, somebody would have just walked in the, just picked up the phone. Somebody walked in there, off the street and picked up the phone. Could have done it in five minutes, but this American Airlines employee. So, I don't know what you people over there at my air up set about because guess what, those of us who pay through the nose to fly were the ones that are pissed off and we hate you like poison, okay? There may be a few of you who are good folks over there at American Airlines at my, maybe a few, which I could count on the fingers of one hand on the middle finger of both hands. But you know, it's way, way to money for full page ads to be defensive because you're pissed off and called ramp rest. That should be the worst of people call you. As pissed off as they are and I mentioned yesterday, I saw I'm seeing in the thing of what the survey about the dissatisfaction with the airlines. American Airlines is at least consistent. They're number on, they're at the bottom and every category, leave it on time. They're on the bottom. Service, whatever, fight, fighting, we're going to take some carbon five legs. Air, we aspect to take it and ask you. They're on a bottom and list. They suck. So you people of an air to American Airlines instead of taking out stupid ads in the newspaper. How about getting your crap together? How about taking off on time once this year would be good. The years we got a third of the year to go. Just once before we changed the thing. Any chance of that happening? No. No. I mean, this guy was even more on. He was a certified one more. I was probably making like three bucks an hour to sit somewhere and Dallas or someone and answer a guy named phone. He'd got a clue I was talking about. Twenty-four eleven and five sixty WQA and two Neil, my queen. Go! Well, where are we? Can that swing to be? That this moniker, Louis Xe. I got you, we keep on it's fallen too far. Probably what she was doing when she played her far. Well, she thanked her hand on the steering wheel. Not the usual way we feel. Sign on the roadside straight ahead. Rep stop with fear she would soon be fed. Give it some gas and swear to the right. Hating for the fast food life. She lost control. The poor it flew and landed next to the drive. Well, poor it's moniker, Louis Xe. Mr. Clark, you see with some trees. But she's in luck. How could be the dead? From now it's not getting your chicken tear. That's what he said five sixty WQA and so far the bus is in the air. After the 1700 on the dime, always a good thing to build your new station and new format around the dime guy. Here's the thing from the Boston Globe because I'm a started on FM talk 96.9 WSJZF and Boston after they dumped them off EEM because he's dying. It says I'm a sister show, this is from the Boston Globe. I'm a sister show yesterday reinforced the perception that in recent years as he's become engaged in the worthy pursuits of child rearing and building a new Mexico ranch for children with cancer. He's been losing the sharp statistical edge that was his trademark. His son Wyatt's late bedtime as well as a head wound the child and put it on the Iron Man were chewed over at length yesterday. The domestic ranch which is purely captured on his heart also got plenty of time and brother Fred I'm as came on to discuss some new sheep the siblings had purchased. At time the so's energy level was dangerously low and these silences in terminably long. What do you expect from a dead man in a chair? Do you expect an exciting show from the dead man? Oh my god. And they're building a format around him in Boston. Boy, nice going, Irman. So whoever's doing that's going to be came by the end of the year. Just like over here at the 1900 on your AM dial. Like I said, I got no shortage of calls over there. The same there is the call this station. They're calling over there. What do you think of that truck and Miller guy? And what do you think about the all in yesterday? I'm listening to Hank. And he's going on as he said that he was going to do about that front page through it by Barry Jack. I asked him about the foot book of John Henry and all the stuff about building this Phantom Stadium. And the first call after I've been talking about Jake Lamada and the the movie of raging bull crap. First call. What do you think about that fight this coming up Hank? You think whatever whoever it is, we got a chance. See, this is all part of the same mentality. It's all part of the same cultural American phenomenon of the American male. And how many millions of might don't know there are, but there are millions and millions of them. And everything in their mind is in the same it's all categorized. Boxing being right up there at the forefront. The next fight. It doesn't look at difference who's in it. But the next fight, this is something every real man has got to talk about. Is this like a real sport? By the way, remember that call we got yesterday from that lady that went on and on and on and on about Vicky and the family. Yes. Two voicemails from her, long, long voice mail. So saying what? Sucky, Sucky, Sucky, Sucky, Sucky. Can you say, if you can even know who I am, right? Somebody handed her the phone because I mentioned the movie, rating, but one thing, I'm happy the show so she can give it to Vicky. No, we don't do copies of the show lady. Okay? And just to get a life and no wonder I hated that movie like I said, you know, I used to like Joe Pesciby for I saw that movie and I can't stand him. The nearer I could live without an hour. Oh, never again. Kids face risk of brain injuries and amateur sports. That's on a front page of your newspaper this morning. How about that? All in her Josh Friedman who's stuck up that chair by the way. What is it? Not this chair, but one that's they pushed down the hallway. They pushed it down because they didn't want it in their room. Let me say it again. Why are you trying to deflect the criticism of how bad you smell on the George? Okay? The fact is that you sat on the chair and that the people from the morning show from the worst team shoved it all the way down the hall because it smelled so bad. How about these have these amazing things called bars of soap? Okay? Maybe the guy behind you can show you how you tie a rope to it. Okay? Because it's not a good idea to drop it. So, coast, coast, go over and see Bob Green coast. Stick up there, join. Okay? I'll show you one of those Randy chairs. In fact, they can even open with Randy. Like I said, there you go. It's close. Get out of here. Josh Friedman a man who hasn't bathed since before Jesus was an infant. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Hello. Yes, he's giving me a thumbs up. Like yeah, this is all fun. Yes sir. Hey, welcome back. Sure. Real quick question, please. I know you just came back from Amsterdam. I'm on my way over there next week. Yeah. I'll just bring you some tips. First time over there, I'm going with the wife. So, have a great time. Yeah. That's my tip. Well, I plan to have a great time. Oh, and you will. Well, you're taking your wife. Yeah, unfortunately. Well, I'm sorry. What the hell are you doing that for? Well, I, you know, it's vacation. I gotta go with somebody. But anything you could tell me that I can stay. I mean, I've become staying at a decent place. But I'm planning to go to bed like this. You're something. Why do you people all seem like a bunch of lost school kids, you know? Like the guy who calls me before about Vegas. You're going to Vegas. Can I tell him a place to eat in Vegas? Did they have a place like a restaurant in Vegas? And you're going to Amsterdam. Sir, all you've got to do is walk outside and walk around in the heart of the city and you'll have a wonderful time. Absolutely. Believe me. Looking forward to it. Have a great great life. Appreciate it. Okay. School with his wife. I'm bed idea. Kids faced risk of brain injuries and amateur sports. How about that fight? Come on. How about that? My hammer. Ali, how about that cauliflower head Rocky Marciano? How about that moron jacelamada? It's said I went so on. And the list goes on. But don't confuse the American Macho male with it because this is as American as apple pie and Chevrolet and the handgun. Another five year old kid that yesterday, by the way, got caught in the crossfire that argument between the mother and a father to see that story. Another dead one. There was a three year old kid that the day before that got shot and killed. Oh guns don't kill people. See, this is all part of the American sickness and I can't change it. So I'm not going to go and get all agitated about it. It just happens to be true. Then that punk will call back again. Oh, Neil screw you, Neil screw he called yesterday. By the way, that was the one. Go back to Amsterdam, Neil. Yeah, he's very upset that I actually had a good time there. Sorry. You believe me? No. No, I'm not. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Pond five sixty on a mobile one line. I mean, seriously, it can there be anything more boring than somebody calling on going to a Florence Italy. Can you tell me a good rest route there, a good trotteria? What is that? Well, what kind of a conversation is that? God is this a boring place with boring people. I'm going to tell you how desperate the people are here. I walk in yesterday the records, which I hate like you know, like poison. But I only hate the front part where you go to the front counter, you know, luckily your buy and stickers bars. So your mom can find a rapper when she's rummaging through your garbage and next time she's in the earhouse. And I had to get some, you know, blood testing strips. Those acu jack acu check whatever those things are. And so I go in the back and the pharmacist, the guy looks at me like like Jesus had just walked in. He gave me the most astonished look seriously. Like a like I just couldn't believe that he was overwhelmed. He reaches out and shakes my hand into like, oh and I once was driving behind you on knob hill, you were in your Corvette and your beautiful red Corvette a couple of years ago. I'm believable. And I mean, I'm flattered that the guy is the fan and he's telling me about, oh, I know you don't like accurate that. So most of my problems that I could are up in the front side there with the cash register of front, not back with a pharmacy. Of course, I usually never get that far back to go to the pharmacy, but I happen to be close by there. So I picked up the stuff. But I'm taking it myself, not God, how, how dull, how boring can life possibly be that somebody is this flabbergast of the CME. I mean, you know, I'm I, I just don't get it. I look at the mirror in the morning. I'm not flabbergast of the CME at all. Oh, Jesus. There it is. You again. Here's Halea. Hello. Halea? Halea? Halea? Halea? Yes, sir. First time caller. I'm calling about Mark Anthony. You can't think for nothing. Yeah. He, they're just, I think it might be because he was hanging around with Jennifer Lopez. I seen this guy in South Beach. He looks like a weasel. Come crack. That's what he looks like. Yeah. Exactly. He can't sing for a hit. Oh, what he is. Very good. So that's my comment. Okay. Another thing, you know, who you should try? You ever heard of Alejandro's sense? No. That's the good singer. He's from Spain. He's not another one of those baggage. No. Maybe he is. Not a call. Yeah. Maybe. Okay. I'll check him out. All right. Thank you. See you. Okay. There go good call. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Mark Anthony. You can't think for a shit. Make no mistake about it. Okay. Don't get sucked into buying his music and going and seeing his content and stuff like that because the other shadow over that. You can't think for shit. It's quite about what we said. Yeah. We we leave it to somebody named we we like Mark Anthony. Okay. I see in fact if you look at him, you think of we we. Yeah. That's what he looks like. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. We keep plugging along here. We can't talk about Jim Drucken Miller. You know, we can't talk about sports 24 hours today. Here we have to break it up a little bit for you between the swing clubs and a guide to him, you know, that next fight coming up for all you macho guys that want to watch somebody beat the crap out of somebody else. On what's it just unbelievable? How ingrained this is in American society. It's like the gun. I mean, it's sick on the face of it. It doesn't take a genius to figure out. It's a sickness. It's it's pathetic. Just like with a boxing thing. And somebody who wasn't even a famous boxer. Somebody who wasn't even all like great Jake LeMato, they make a whole movie out of it. And because it was in black and white, and then according to the Humper because his life was a hot looking blonde. Go watch some portable movies if you want to see go watch Debbie does that he tried again. Okay. With Bandy Woods, she was a hot looking blonde, at least you'll see something. God, you're going to go watch him. We'll be because somebody is in it who looks good. Who's got our clothes on during a home movie and it's a crap movie. I don't think so. Go see him. We'll be with good looking people with no clothes on like Ron Jeremy. There you go. That'll cure you from all those sex problems. You just need to give it up for circus. Call out the bat list. Okay. Tom, we're all giving up sex for young kipper this year. And Rocher Shana and Chivala and we'll give it up on the Toshin too. Don't you're far, Bisona, go ahead. I'm out of your feet. I'm out of your shoes. I'm too happy with those goddamn bat this either. Whatever her name is. Imaging Coca-Junior. From, Frow Farbisona. 1056, it's 560 WQA. So, fans says, we dance like this is the same. Like the things but we must have knew we swear we vinegar ro. These Think You Won't Beödietst Stucchum This Is The Month and five Everything is false on each end Mid-你在iał If I went that young bitch that called me a couple of weeks ago that was a question me out who didn't know her answer my elbow okay I was in the car about a half an hour go listening to you for example on the car has more tones than his right code than you will ever have and he's not a pineapple had you stupid fact bag you know that's what I'm gonna be right there in a firmware watching the concert next week how about you honey you're gonna be in a firmware oh stupid bitch I'll give Nick a big kiss for you okay sweetheart god are they pathetic so sand comes in here same our promotions man again another guy that's kind of like you know waiting his way to life that's waiting with a d and with an IT which ever you know just waiting around for something happened and he tells me about this QAM golps is celebrity golf tournament that we got remember we had the big roll episode in here about three four weeks ago and on acceptable episode which I got the 85th lecture on the air by the way about how old they didn't do it he didn't done it what I held it right won by the way yeah exactly what is the roll okay problem so at any rate the the golf tournament come to find out is the going over like remember what we dropped on Hiroshima Nagasaki and WWE 2 yeah that's what it's going over like we got two four some sign up for that golf tournament so please help out ourselves department well again it's tried to do what I told them don't do it don't try to commercialize our center one fundraiser we've been doing this for years we know what we're doing we know what we want to do we do a great job of doing it please don't commercialize this and please don't give any excuse you want to raise a whole lot of other money because all you're trying to do is tell a bunch of sponsors on it and suck a lot of money out of people and it's gonna be a disaster I don't want nothing to do with it and it's a bomb okay not debom a bomb a spawn speak in a age hockey fest 99 here we go beginning a whole bunch of crap here this'll kill some good time thank you Sam at least it looks like you're doing something anyway anybody believe it no join QAM broadcasting live from hockey fest 99 the Saturday from noon to five and enjoy interactive games meet Florida Panthers players and much more at the national car yet the rental center noon to five the Saturday it's hockey but see it's a good thing we started with that guy from a hall on Terry of this morning without hockey call it's hockey time baby who have some rewittney talk and then here's this too I'm I'm all just doing all together it'll kill half an hour party with QAM and Donnie be this Monday night at gas bees in bokeh from undeniable power catch the live pregame broadcast in pepperally with Kimbabel camper in jiff uh beefo forest former players dolphin cheerleaders and lots more all-eye from shulostake to in my middle like there you go Sam don't ask me for anything else okay stay down away all by the way in his group kick buddy was on the TRL yesterday which one the one I can't Jordan Jordan yeah it takes me an extra two seconds because I'm building a gigantic mental block against that name in my head oh god is she something here's Miami Beach hello hey yeah how are you doing okay sir we told us after we got a shut up please because that's kind of one is the best thing you've ever done really I respect you highly to that and I know that you saw I'm a graduating senior at at by you yes sir and they can be take this half a can American history class the worst mistake I've ever made why is that wait me now if you take it I'm taking two bucks my final two block acting classes yeah and I have to take some electives that I didn't take like an English late class or whatever but it's fine I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't start like I said if he can't look at least Melvin yeah it's not pretty good in there but I like to voice my opinion you know I like to talk with it and you can't you can't say anything to these people there go on edge and the paranoia is so thickening that I can't really get there you go you're picking on him right now see you're doing it yourself okay hold on don't get defensive about of it you're picking on those marches right now I understand next thing you're going to want to send him back to Niggeria listen okay I'm in class and we're discussing I'm disgusting well that's probably what they think I like that aroma that comes from you crackers yeah it's pretty future but no like we're we're talking about um never stop and think about that about what how white people smell the Welsh arts is but anyway go ahead beautiful but anyways um we're we're in class and we're pretty smells pretty good we're discussing African American culture you know what is that what they did they bring in take out from Popeyes oh no like the climate culture like what is African American culture what does that mean crack I'm glad you asked because I really had no idea yeah I was asking as I was saying hey I'm ignorant teach me there are some crack babies that's a little bit harder no so then we started but this is I was I had to know about religion and I will ridiculous some of it is I mean some of it is well because because some of it I take I take a liking to I can't I'm not a lot I'm not a video on why do you but don't get into that please I want to talk to you about the story that happened yesterday okay please get to a point I'm trying for anyways we're talking about how to do this I about how to church like uh you know the food mattress forced Christianity upon upon the the blacks who had originally had some black people and so what I said was crap it out nice both system Greg basically what I said was you know don't you guys realize that it's it's the church keeping you down then from what you're telling me that the slave matter was forcing you into this religion to play to some light guy and this is church on the stand the church is a substitute for education don't you understand that you better get with it man and that they're not teaching the right crap super session and mumbo juggle is an excellent substitute for education yeah the see if that kind of doesn't pertain to these people because they they are trying to better themselves yeah and you know I do to them I do to see them what's the problem the problem I do keep saying these people you sound like rock corona these people these marches these darky these you out these smoky these cool you know these folks these poor smoky yeah these mulling yons yeah mullies backers yeah okay have a great day pal fuck any wonders why they pavilion picked on yeah give that good old time religion okay let them wrestle with that snake they have a good time doing it leave malone god five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty hundred eighty and two wireless line he's gonna go far in life about to the it's uh but maybe that the doorway in that classroom I think that's about as far as he's given maybe he'll be lucky enough to get to a fair world of god by Charles Teble and by the way excellent book and spider what that far vision of go yet the uh at the the Sun Sentinel wrote about a James Davis you're not full enough okay are you professional go ahead with the Sun Sentinel ripping at the Charles Teble and book thanks don't forget pointing out that it's in all the book stores and people oughta go out and get a fair world of gun you're rid of this religious paranoia all this side cut this idiotic crap you want to believe in something go believe in the pizza law because you know that they're consistently great they give you big big portions everything is cooked that fresh in that kitchen and you guys why forgot to tell you the most important part of what happened with the day I left the go on vacation 12 30 in the afternoon okay the ball game came on right left early I'm going on vacation keep this in mind there's a car parked in the parking lot out there I hear a voice is I'm going to my car to get there a lot of here as soon as possible and I hear hey Neil want to grab some lunch who do you think it was Peter Leonard yes yes I'm just thinking of most ridiculous what other person would be that much of an asshole on the day that I'm leaving that I'm getting out of here early because we got a Marlon's game to go on vacation to get out of here for ten days to go out of this god for say Neil want to grab some lunch and so I opened my fly I said hey grab this okay jackass Peter Leonard I know you enjoy that you have you have to really know this guy you have to you have to know what I slimy greasy slippery grotesque pain in the ass a cliche ridden phony baloney so what's doing what's doing what I'm sure everybody in the audience though at least one asshole like that okay somebody that's always like glad-hanning what's going on nothing I am what's going on yeah but what's going yeah but he's has a great Todd Dreck oh he is disgusting five six seven oh five six he that's one thing about this place like I said yesterday I didn't realize the importance of it if you can't look at at least smell good this place that's good advice because we've got more slippery and slimy and bad looking and smelling people in this place not just the tea room that smells pretty bad all the time because some people have got some real serious bowel problems we got some people who really just and be for was becoming one of them maybe that maybe he's been here long enough maybe another six months all start looking like that I'll read in the post and all like blue ri and one shot here's a lady and sunrise hello yes ma oh good morning I'd like to go back to last day just for one minute yes tell you well I'll take a back there for a long weekend no of course we all know that there there is no place like Vegas but we did discover a place very close yeah and that is over rush in the lock see yeah well it's it's not that funny because um really you know I think he would love it there I'm not talking to you today so the thing is that on their train it's a pleasure in in not 80 minutes I tell you 90 minutes 80 minutes Gillian like like clockwork there's a quote wait man you've lied directly from um for a lot of time yes that but now they used to go at eight fifteen every morning and they have one flight a day in and out now it's 1015 so get on the 1015 you get there the bus is waiting taking directly to bow or by yeah of course mission city is one of the poorest state states of the union so I mean they're not much there to see unless you want to go visit Jefferson Davis it's out but once you're in the casino it's not the time so it's just the time yeah but once you're in that casino it is a mini-bologio because it's the same in carrier and it is the heat it is so much fun there and it is so beautiful there and the people are nice there and he keeps blue and twelve of the best chefs to work at this resort the rooms are immaculate and beautiful the people are as nice as can be they have a casino late a sixty dollars a shepherds co-special for you the dancing girls are knockouts well they have to be a legory of their you know the circus away and they're only dark on two c-night tour the girls for it all that's for you to find out Mikey and then you play the next day and you get on the use to play you believe it five forty from the lock see you don't come to relax you and talk to a man like mow green like that not relax maybe maybe golf sports want to say have any good up time and person relaxing well you don't need to be that good mow needs to look like a z-up anyway and I'd like to have a plane of seven fifty your home and ten thirty yeah I'm telling you something why why she left for one and a half five hours all the way to Vegas which of course if you have the time but if you want to go for two days to the most enjoyable I'm telling you Neil yeah in your life along is it take to get there eighty minutes yeah direct you land they're right there they pick you up they take you right to the hotel they don't make any stop I'd rather go to pay of course you would then how many people have an asshole did they have an SLM in Velocci and what SLM I'm not sure what that is there you go SLM Andy SLM SLM like is that remember Ethel Merman oh Ethel M no I'm a seas person oh see you said you might be talking about see see this is the worst candy in the history oh somebody's trying to tell me about that before when a vacation Neil forgot to the fashion that's where why you can't see the candy a few weeks ago the worst wreck I've ever put in the life that one of the highlights in my vacation I would but you know all of that thousand dogs wouldn't go to that at eight that's where I can you know that's where I'm right if you're important can't you forget it but SLM is great oh she said that crunchy that whatever that crunch that you never did chocolate not like it like see you've never scooping well we like the milk chocolate but anyway really do yourself a favor it's $184 round trip you can get a casino rate for $60 so food is so inexpensive and it is the liquor I'm telling you that the days better than the marige yeah well I guess so that would tell you in case you ever have two days where you look on the something to do and you don't want to go flip all the way to Vegas right okay so I thought I'd pass it on so I'm like a picnic comprehend okay thanks yeah am I gonna go to a belongs to you oh no I'll go in five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line but you deserve a bunch of batters and by the way these good goody two shoes batters or busy try to convert the Jews on young kipper and russia shut up by the way which is the height of Hutspa they had their conventions in the last Vegas the batters they know where to go to have a good time they know where to go to gamble puns that brings up they don't where to go to get laid in Vegas but oh exactly how come that's how do you like that I think that was a automatic like automatic writing here's margade hello hey speaking about them all pseudo intellectual film critics I wonder what they're gonna say when they find out that human Bergman was a big Nazi cinematographer how right that this morning oh big uh it's gonna kill you yeah he's a sweet what do you expect oh yeah speaking about you he wasn't an anti-semite oh pig oh and I want to see some of the other by wonder why they are Danish hate to sweet like poison they're building a bridge connecting Copenhagen from Malmo Sweden without open July 1 they are Danes are too happy about it because they were because the sweet all want to go down there they hate the Danes hate the sweets I don't blame him could have been those who okay great there you go he said the best in the cheapest black Ocei he ever had in his life is what he said but he put one extra letter in there you can't say that sir you can't say it 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T world of slag I guess this guy there would be an Amsterdam huh here's Boker hello Neil yes sir what's happening yeah I'd swam a click on here a quick couple nights ago Watson news um and they they were showing something about how these guys there's just like a website and internet where you can place a bit you can come on one things off it's a it's a website where you can all talk and don't yet right and apparently some guys auctioned off his kidney and that the bidding had gone up to like $6 million for his kidney and also the pet I guess it's the federal government or the government intervenes and uh says you can't do this you know you can't auction off you know organs or body parts whatever yeah and I mean this is just one of the many things that the federal government is just intervening with you know it's like uh when you die if you're an organ donor you know if you're talking about the federal government tell you what to do with your organ exactly I mean do the other day to tell me what I can do with my organs you know it's if if my mom dies and she's an organ donor and they take her organs am I going to see any of the money that that uh they get for her organs no no you know it's just ridiculous yeah see organ police it work again you know that's all I want hey I got a quick talk for you real quick Neil okay okay we got one call on a board that's it we're out of business hour and a half today we got two four hours yesterday don't ask me how we somehow miraculously did but today no chance look at this one call on the board one call here because we're not doing swing talking in today five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line in my life I mean this this is what they show how how these numbers that we got here this guy damn trend I can wipe my answer with these numbers like that old bags said that one day many many years ago come the stick them up as asked that way you always have them and that's what I can do is wipe my back though these guy damn numbers I got the most useless audience out there in history of broadcasting no wonder Phil Henry was couldn't he he had the day marked on the calendar when the planes took off from this place God it's unbelievable bunch of deadheads their idea of a conversation on a radio show is uh I'm going to Vegas is there are McDonald's there it's any good how about the seven eleven so they got those nice neon flashing signs out there and probably a seven eleven yeah you'll love probably be spending most of your time there buying uh pickled eggs God I'm going to Amsterdam you said I could have a good time there probably not probably not if you let me just put it to this way if you're going to Amsterdam Vegas or a whole Ontario wherever you're going if you had to call me to ask where to go I guarantee you're not going to have a good time here's Coral Springs hello yes sir one question what is the staunch opposition to a luxury what does that mean why are you so opposed to it I'm just not interested in going there okay staunch opposition I mean it's not interested okay let me ask you this though if if some jackass called you up and said I don't want to go to Amsterdam or I don't want to go to Vegas or anywhere else you've been and they've never been there yeah and you ask them why and they just say because that's okay that's that's up to them that's their business I don't give a crap whether they want to go or not well you know from being there that you're missing out if you don't go want a lot of good things why have you been in Beloxia if I have and it's great it is yeah well maybe I'll go and it's very inexpensive to get there it's only a very nice why didn't make it sound very exciting she basically said there's nothing there there's a good board vases and ice casino and we have casino's very nice yeah but you made it sound like it just I mean just a casino by itself you can go to the goddamn Bahamas and go to a casino which I'll never ever go there because I have been there and I hate it like poison but I don't even think just because casino is not what Vegas is all about oh I understand that and I'm not saying that it's Vegas but I'm saying that you can still have a good time why do you seem hostile about it like that I'm not I'm just I'm just trying to I'm just trying to see why and you're really gonna get up so when I tell you this the people at Papadopark that own the track now they own the Bolrovaggio I guess that's the one the big casino in Beloxia and they always are asking me would you like to go there we can comp you oh boy how do you like that oh boy so when I go up there to the track tonight I should tell them yes yes because it's like I said it's okay it's not it's not Vegas by any stretch of imagination all right but it's something you can do and like you've said before you don't go to Vegas for the shows no you go there for the food and you go there for the good time and the gambling and and so on and you can do all those things maybe not to the same capacity you can invade yeah but you can still have a good time okay so don't just say new okay I'll say I'll be on the other side there you go see that was easy it was very easy because I have no sales list no okay thanks plus it's free love it's 27 at five sixty wm do can beat that gator me if you grew up watching the markets then you'll absolutely love this latest diversion of the late Jim Hansen's master creation and pop it in space the nerdy play dick and stify boy sure is dark in here dick yeah I know stify can you answer something so it's a parent here oh sure dick big bird is astronaut Peter oh hey there's a hair in my mouth Elmo is astronaut Rod and Mr. Snowball obviously it's a hilarious astronaut's long oh I keep stepping on my big can't go home truth we say guide their missile of love to the outer limits of the universe well they're walking powered taro five or one ever make it home that it's a little smelling in here but I kind of like don't miss the greatest out of this world adventure ever and pop it in space 1132 at five sixty wm on another red deadly wind they we got 600 open lines here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line hey global from two to three thirty a day nice long show because we got the Marlin pregame three thirty and a Marlin game uh two seven o'clock Marlins and Dodgers followed by man dog managed to attend at capplan tendal to tonight we were gonna put on feel hungry but I actually I think we can make a compromise we'll carry still hungry tendable and we'll let do the sports updates during the field hungry show here's a mobile and poppin o' hello hi Neil yes sir I'm a long time listener and I really enjoy your show today is the first my wife has a day off during the week and it's the first time she's ever heard her program and she's enjoying it quite a bit I'm really honoured about it could you give something you're not asking me for a request over because it's said it's starting to sound to me like it's not really a call somebody wanted to speak to me it's a request yes it is for the effort that hurricane on the effort okay okay thank you sure how out of we just played please don't pay the effort yeah that's good is that is that depressing or what why did I come back here what am I doing here what am I doing here who are all these people and these alleged numbers and these things you know you keep sitting they keep sitting these things out here in front of me now look at them and you think we have this gigantic man with audience I walk into the efforts to the pharmacy yesterday to get a bunch of blood testing strips from my guy then fingertips and the pharmacist walks up to me like Jesus had just come in and sandals and the sack lock and the asses and I sit here day after day after day every day of my life and all these people want is they want they want would you play this can you give us some tickets what do you got for us how about this oh charge it's a gas baby five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in the candle hello yeah Neil yes sir hey pre one of the cases you're talking about your touch you tell them that you got your large screen right and uh who did you have calibrated that TV with somebody from the story you got it from who I did or you did it yeah because I don't know where I love that said now the beginning I hated it now that I got it set up right I think I do's reading instruction manual right a lot of those new TV tablets called an advanced service mode menu on it and I don't know if you're able to get into that and what that allows you to do is you can set the advanced convergence on it instead of just converging the single crosshairs right either in either in the center of the screen or maybe in each corner there's like a 56 point convergence on it right and it takes some time but if you if you do that or if you have even better yet there's a company called ISF image science foundation I love your wear them but they are trying to set up some standards for all these TVs and the main factors and the high definition that's coming out and they'll come out a tackle come out to your house and do that calibration well I'll never give me a better picture than I got now I'll tell you that that's a beautiful it's magnificent you might be surprised because what they'll do is they'll do the color temperature and everything and they'll set up each input of the TV according to which source you have plugged into it and I've got a TV similar about it and they came out and it's a night and day difference between really can do and what they can do and it's about a $300 charge but it's a well well worth the money you spend it really is you have what are you looking up to just basically your cable and your DSS satellite and my big in my big dish and your big dish you have a DVD player no you're not in the least now because you have to go to boloxy if I went enough money I'll buy a DVD player your TV probably has what's called a component video input which you hook up three cables to carry the yeah well yeah again with all the respect I'm really happy with the way my TV looks I'm ecstatic it just miraculous the picture is so clear you could reach in there and and the tickle or chin feathers okay that's great while I'm on the phone can I call somebody do you yeah okay the guy that called you before the break is a chronic douchebag okay thank you whoever that was five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line if I can win enough money and boloxy I'm buying me a DVD player do I want a DVD player no but I'm gonna buy one anyway just so I can say I got one I got one here's Miami hello Neil yes sir hey doing okay I heard a guy I think right before the break maybe with a chronic you would say that what the legal to sell your organs I guess he said the auction and off on the internet today interview they intervened and they made him stop it all right yeah I don't know if you were but there's a guy in South Carolina or North Carolina he's got this big internet business where he sells his own urine it's guaranteed drugs free urine yeah and it comes with like electronic heating device in the home I know there's a lot of crazy people on the internet all the time and the as we thought they have to have people like him you know I think I mean obviously it's the full drug test and the guys making good money doing it supposedly but so what's wrong with that why not I think it's great but there's a senator up inside the Carolina who's made it his mission so I just rate why I'm getting selling your urine yeah that's his big thing for that woman's strong sermon I don't I don't think it's him with a guy never wrote of yeah but I mean I don't think you were these guys who'd try you know what I mean there's all kinds of crap going on this guy's mission is to make it so you know it's you know punishable by a two year in jail to sell your piss you know no anyway that's all I got thanks for the good news all right okay who five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teawarlas line it's eleven thirty eight a Q a s florida sucks are you an a whole how about a mother effort you can be when you attend the u-pomistic profanity seminar coming to a romantic in at an airport near you that's where a u-pomistic profanity instructor will show you how to use cartoon activities in place of the words you really want to say for example an outburst like this might prove embarrassing hey good don't step on the right but after just one seminar with a u-pomistic profanity instructor the scene can completely change hey you're a fairer now mother father keep it cracker you'll court shopping instead of a bugger better you bet you see the system of u-pomistic profanity is easy to learn because it's been perfected over thousands of years and used by the world's most virtuous people hey on your know your holiness please watch your staff or we just had a devetic and flow last over here let's do my son what the fuck is this fucking stupid thing check a bitch on the planet still what are you waiting for your mother ever don't let embarrassing user for panony rip you a new a whole sign up for a seminar in u-pomistic profanity and you'll say it's looking for a man whatever you said it's five sixty w q a n two calls left and the board we had six when we go into the break at every single time we get that first sound of a commercial come on being being used to anyone's been drop off like flies out of way uh trial five six seven oh five six and you know this we got two calls on it right now and they're both on mobles and like i said if they passed that thing about people making mobile calls in their cars were finished were done were history because our our good buddy my and my good best close personal friend who's very good on getting me back street boys tickets but doesn't get a crap about any of the garbage that we're working with here in the inside with this garbage phone system and oh 800 number even if people over there in the four miles even the 70 people we got listening over there on a west coast on seven 70 even those people can't call us unless they want to pay what they're all in time and hang on through these five minute breaks are they going to do it obviously not here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir by the way i'm using a head to the so it's you the part of a mobile that's probably called you about the uh auction thing on eBay here they're all wrong you will see data for this and the problem is I was very intimate and this was my wife's on dialysis yeah because other family they've nothing in terms of cost for donating an organ it's actually okay that they're recipient a total cost $1,901 to get a kidney transplant yeah if somebody wants a buy one they can go on a black market you can buy one can be $1,000 a $1,000 but you have issues with uh compatibility of the uh issues and stuff like that so it's very risky proposition right I just love it people say the government steps and the government has been not necessarily stepping on that there's nothing to prove it made for example if I want to go and buy a for my wife so I don't know when they get off on doing that okay good luck fell I'm not going to argue about it because I'm not at the risk of sounding in sensitive I don't care okay I find it ponderous I'd rather talk about going to the belongsing Mississippi for next two and a half hours than talk about organs at least not that kind of organ okay it's not the kind of organ I had in my I'm more lucky into the happy organ myself never date baby quartets the happy organ yeah I like a happy organ five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teeline here's a mobile and four lot of deal hello hi Neil yes sir well thank you so much I will say that we had George was okay we was listenable and the hi he's getting better and could have done I'm a couple things first of all and for Joe's a get that kick kick where was on on the for Hank yeah I was oh and by the way I'm so glad you mentioned that I go away on vacation and George bills in and yes I hear him on the way to the airport he's getting better every time and I don't have that many complaints but then I come back and all of a sudden here you like yesterday I got these fifteen people oh he doesn't belong on here how come when Hank goes on vacation I'm one of six six hundred weeks in vacation and Joe's a gacking fills in who doesn't belong on here for five seconds not one of these sports holes calls up on Hank it says how could you put that piece of crap on the year he's the boy and he doesn't belong on here for five seconds how come we don't hear that from the sports holes anyway go ahead well yeah he's unlawful so I dare to gag these socks there's a gag he's sock yeah go ahead amen so anyway so I flipped over to rush I just wanted to see what what we're going on on the other side of the world yeah and to my amazement the man was making comparison between automobile and gun related deaths and he was saying that it makes his he was drawing the logical conclusion which I guess you can do in logic but of course in real life it doesn't doesn't have any pertinent whatsoever but he was saying that we should outlaw the wheel because because cars obviously were invented to a kill people right exactly because because fifty thousand people a year or whatever it is die in automobile accidents and and and I I was I mean it's a really it's an even more dignifying with a response I mean the comments like that when you understand who they're what what and who they're coming from it's not even more to response but again instead of it's it's it's a gun hugger yeah but that's just for a situation see the right wing gouging bull crap artists I was screaming at the radio I mean you don't need a gun to go to go to public by a loaf of bread I mean that's the American fucking wing it's right unbelievable okay that's what mouse for you I think I'll ask you to go away and that's why coming up by the way oh yeah well I'll take the referee okay in the before you left I don't know if you probably saw on the news there was just child molester Shapiro or something like that and they arrested them for a molesting of 14 year old girl and then of course channel 7 is making a big deal of going to his house and showing all the pornography and everything else that the case guy in his house and his mother who looks like throw mama from the train mama she's up there she's saying he was he always wanted to be a nice boy and everything like that and I'm looking at this guy and I said to myself what parents and there you had to see this guy I mean I mean he must have been 400 pounds you just he just looked like a parvars I'm saying to myself like Josh Freeman probably hey hey I'm saying what parent in their right mind would leave somebody with with this guy I mean a 13 or a 13 year old girl it was like don't parents have any responsibility no that's also the same as I said about the gun that's the American way like I like this kid who had the foster mother the Haitian kid that's in the coma right and didn't even bother reporting a missing and then when they came to the door and said oh by the way your your foster son is in a coma he's had a horrible accident and oh close to the orphaned face and they'll bother us yeah we went we're not interested we're here that's right and but but but then but of course society you know babies man girls keep punching him out when it's out punch him out that's the American effort away that's what it's all about when it does punch more babies out and have a great day sir calm down like I said 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT line T line as we keep plugging away here's West and hello maybe a welcome back oh sure what were you in Amsterdam and that's it yeah we have a good time great good listen I want to commend Jordan a good job except when the alcohol thing was on you know you kind of a rip George yeah outgoals thing on again yeah why I have no idea I just switch a table now I don't know I don't know I don't know I'm for an hour yeah for what so that publicity seeking a home talking dope and uh oh see oh Jesus God sorry I got you to trouble their daughter okay no whatever you're gonna release some plant outgoals and swing clubs swing clubs and outgoals thing you're going to have to branch out a little bit branch to video listen what happened to them what your wackos a story that came out in all over the media while you were away I don't know if you want to you know I want to get feedback from you on it the F.A.T. score has had dropped and they want to hand the cap on the according to you yeah back right yeah I heard I'm about the story and it's just another way of taking stupid people and trying to make them seem less stupid and it just perpetuating the same racist system that we got in this country and moving people along it's garbage to me that I'm totally unacceptable yeah I mean they tried it with affirmative action and and they're trying it with boobonics it's a big lot more McDonald's you know it won't work if they want to make a call they expand to the end of the week well not you know not handicapping because I'm from here I'm from there you know I'm poor you're not you know what's the difference there's no difference exactly you know but anyways another note take Joe's a gacky out baby okay okay two calls on a board here we're deadly man it's unbelievable 560 560 pound 560 on the 18T line here's a mobile info lottery hello hello yes sir I wanted to I used to live in South Florida for for 10 years and I moved to California which was a greatest case yeah I'm back here on vacation right now now just listening to you did I seriously hear you say the bear but just waiting outlawing mobile phone sure well they're outlawed they're not legislating outlawing mobile phones but they're outlawing driving long-awaiting right I think it's a problem they did him Cleveland what what is the justification for that the justification is that they that they've studied the number of accidents that happen and they found that talking on a mobile phone why you're driving a car is just as dangerous as a DUI see you exactly and I have no problem with that as much as I'm against government intervention into our lives I happen to agree with that I see the way these assholes drive I'm talking about people down here who on the best day in perfect weather would know cell phone in their hands couldn't drive to save their lives and then you add the component of that talking on the phone and it's like driving is an antifthaw there we even all over the road they're paying the attention their murderers out there they're crazy people what what I'm wondering is why can't they legislate some kind of law that simply states that the individuals would get into the action should just take responsibility for being adult I mean the mobile phone is that means in other words if they kid you while they're on the mobile phone then they take responsibility does that make you feel better you're absolutely right I understand exactly what you're coming from on that but the fact is it seems like every time there's some some kind of new statistics there's a need your a reaction from the local politics it says that you got to eliminate it and I'm just wondering where's it going to end I mean it's cigarettes kill people why don't they eliminate cigarettes because it's big business phone so a mobile phone they don't have to be driving your car to use them in fact there are a lot of people are replacing their home mobile phone service and just using their mobile phones well the phone I'm talking on that but actually a specific don't stop when right again so far to the only phone I got yeah I just can't believe it dude I just wanted to talk to you and say hey great show I miss your over in California okay have a great life pal you too yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a lady mobile in Miami hello hello yes man I'm high in the yellow welcome back I just wanted to tell you that George did a wonderful job and enjoyed listening to him and I'm glad you're back okay that's at my phone's gonna go off okay thanks five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line we just keep pumping those numbers plug in our way along praying and hoping for the guy that best does it ever come oh no it ain't coming here's for a lot of deal hello good afternoon yes sir long time since I've talked to you and glad you had a good time in answering him but happy back I always have a great time sir whether it's a weekend whether it's a vacation anytime I get on a plane and I get out of here I have a sensational time without exception every single time how do you like that anytime I'm getting a thousand anytime off from Mr. Friedman is a good time you're right I want to ask you Neil if you possibly saw the special on HBO last night about the branch to video no I did not oh I tell you you got a catch hit because it was fantastic again and it really shed some light on really I think what happened over there with all the tapes that they have on the FBI and yes and everything and I know those people in the branch of videos they you know certainly not thinking of for them they had some serious chemical and balance and most of those people but when you hear all the tapes and everything that was said and done boy I tell you what it really says a lot for our government we live in a police did I've been telling people that for years and they laughing me they think I'm an extremist or I exaggerate around have a school loose we live in a police state and that should be proof of it to you well when I saw that special it really really opened up my eyes to really I mean here we had the for the former director of the FBI gang or Hoover who had the surveillance tapes on everybody they didn't like including Martin Luther cool and all these other people and all these files he had on them so we could blackmail everybody and this this is a criminal justice this is what we're paying our tax dollars for so they can have all these files on everybody well then they showed everything in the I mean well I mean what a cover up I mean you know I thought the JFK cover up was terrible yeah this cover up was a American government in action baby it was really unbelievable and if you get a chance to watch it okay I would watch it because I would think that you would find it extremely interesting okay thank hey carry yourself new 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line it's a baby she looked like a pretty young creature she said on the grass she pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and they says and white club feet done she said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin while the boys in the barnyard were show those in reputants and they're from yesterday's hunt while the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dock he looked like a man with a side above home in the country with a big fence out front if he has her phone like please she showed him her nested so pet doll who was subject to fit and maybe she's let him wrap hold up her small tender and with a movement so quick and then she then over and suck out his candy so tasty made of butter scotch and then he spread with cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf if you think this is dirty you can go yourself probably 2560 WQA that's our big noon to one hour followed by our big one to two hour followed by a big hangover in followed by the big marlin game followed by Jim uh yeah then followed by little eddy capitol and his little gambling show with an o'clock tonight I'm starting to get pissed off about that show 567 0560 pound 560 on a mobile one line we got the same thing again every time we go over the break at 4,000 calls on air and 3997 drop off see what are we going to do if they do outlaw you know using your mobile phone a while you're driving what a business yeah we're going to play music that's right nothing of my contract as I have to take any phone calls on this interplay music make a couple of cost to comments read a few of the things out of the funny papers and that'll be it got four calls on it right now three or not two now that's not that that's pretty good percent's for us usually it's like nine out of ten are mobile calls why is that why is it that on this radio station there are so many things we've discussed this off the year a million times you're a giant why is it so bizarre on this radio station they don't hold on and number two they're all on mobile's nobody inside a building called this radio station this is just a strange place this is a freaking chinese laundry is what it is here's a mobile in Miami hello any um on the real mode this way so I got no choice I got a call from a mobile yeah anyway uh George kicked out so I speak like usual and uh i'm going to vagus next weekend for the first time there've been there before everybody tells me uh once you go you can't stop home back there was any place where you would recommend me to eat if it was the only restaurant you'd go here's Oakland Park hello yeah a nail yes sir uh yeah George really good show is excellent last week uh and real suck and uh as far as the phone why do you hate phones you use phones constantly what does that mean i hate you hate the cell phones no i don't you hate cell phones who said that i have a cell phone you say that you don't want to use the cell phones and transportation use i'm saying that i am i i work for the conversation you want to have a conversation yeah that means that you ask me a question i'm trying to answer that conversation word that's one of yeah okay blow okay same guy that called the day before let them vacation with a crappler you don't want to have a conversation yeah blah blah blah blah blah you hate cell phones so you just want to pull words in my mouth okay pal and you got nothing i want my mouth believe me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's Miami hello hello Neil yes this is oh yeah uh here's a mobile in Miami hello hi Neil yes sir hi how are you okay great to have you back George i turn the radio off sir let me say this to you okay we're not having a discussion oh i don't want George oh it was good bad or a different George i want to win a fine yeah you didn't let me finish i turn my radio off when George comes on i like you and i'm glad that you back yeah what i wanted to talk to you about was did you uh i have the cash news where they had Ken Jenny on there again about the finding finding kids when they're thrown out of school and they're caught out on the sidewalk of the street no i did not well he's trying to pass the new law actually get it into effect with the school board that if your kid is the stealth school or thrown out of the street for being bad that years he's big and behind for $50 then you know $100 a minute i would say yeah oh my god yeah but anyway i'm glad to have you back and i hope you don't retire you know i really enjoy you okay have a great day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in the gables hello uh Neil yes sir a couple of comments uh number one i don't think anybody should use a hammer play from system they're terrible if Sony they're awful uh number two uh mobile i don't have to do with anything sir i didn't then attempt to knock my sponsor which my my roommate has got a hair system from Charles Alphiari and looks fantastic and nobody even knows he's wearing it and i've been doing it for 100 years and i got a billion people in the audience who are wearing them and they look great oh yeah yeah yeah no i don't because i'm not interested oh yeah i mean anyway um listen to George Black okay great thank you five six seven oh five sixty pound five this audience has got no material okay and there are a lot of phone call they don't want to talk about any of the things the eight million things that i've talked about this morning fine great let's play music okay give me a break yeah it'd be back on a plane someone i'll go to bollock you right there with bell john you're crazy man you think we're out of your mind i thought you You're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the So I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I've passed no one at 5.50 WQIM. Well, Riddian, done. I've dirted tonight on VH1. It's 80 splash back. The big 80s. 80s, one hit wonders. Where are they now? The 80s years. 80s, so we're jealous of 80s. The new 80s series with the 80s tribute to the 80s band of the 80s and number one 80s. It's in the 80s. From here's tonight at 80s clock. Right after behind the music looks at weird al-yankovic. The H1. If you want to see the music up today. Just wait another 20 years. It's a 1214 at 560 WQIM. We had a half-bidd and then we could go in there for about 30 seconds. And then they're gone. Two calls on the board. Five, six, seven. I made up my mind during the last song. I just said back, put my feet up on a table. I get paid regardless, okay? Makes no difference to me. I want to play the game. You want to do a talk show here. Fine. Otherwise we'll do a music show. I feel like I come back and I'm dealing with a bunch of little children in the sandbox. We got two green decals. Oh, George was really great last week. George suck last week. I'm going to Vegas. 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's for a waterdale. Oh, is it me? It sounds like you. Wow, it sounds just like me. I got a little bit of information for you. We got the Indians in Coconut Creek, our opening. Type two full-size gambling casino. Right by that Hendrickson Toyota place. Right there. And that five acres in the back. There's going to be a big giant Indian casino. Full-flage full-flange. You got them in the proves that you're young. It's already approved and they're getting ready to break ground in that little Indian store back there. Right. So I don't have to go to Biloxy. Don't go to Biloxy. Thanks for the good news. That's here for the Indians, baby. Alright. 560, I'm not going to go to Biloxy. I'm not going. I mean, I know the guy he was very sincere and he was, you know, he made a good point, but I'm not going to Biloxy. I've been to Mississippi. I have driven through there fast, by the way. I've driven through Alabama fast. I don't want to go to Mississippi. If that's, if I have to go to Mississippi to have a good time, I'll blow my brains out first. Okay. 560, 505, 60, pound-five, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hey Neil, are you done? Okay, sir. That's enough. I called before and, you know, I, please interesting. But, uh, what? You know, we're interesting when I'm, you know, you show. You can't be more win. I'm sorry? You called before win. Oh, I don't know. I took you over at the mallins last time we spoke. Oh, you don't mean today? No, no, not today. Okay. Okay. When I'm answering, I miss part of your show this morning and you said earlier that you, you talked about, uh, eight million things and no one's going to have a doubt. Yeah. Give me a subject. I'll talk to you about it. That's not the way the show works. You don't call in, then I give you a subject and answer your opinion about it. That's not the way it talks your word. Call in, call us up and I'll give you a subject and then you can expand on it. Okay. There you go. That was one of the all time best. What's there? Oh, you guys. Give him one of the subjects he'll talk about it. Don't fly tax. Yeah, the flight tax. How about the flight tire? How about flight top? Here's a mobile in Parkland, hello. Meal. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. I heard a little while ago you were talking about your TV. Yeah. Yeah. I have an, I have an, I have a top sea ultra vision. Yeah. 16th. 52 or three. What are doing? And you love it. I love it. I'm telling you they're great. Make sure you set it up right though. What do you mean? I don't know. Make sure you read the instruction book. It's got some things that you have to do to, you know, like any other new Fangle TV. It's great. All right. You're hilarious. Okay. There you go. How do you like that? The power of a. Of course. The first day I bought that set and I came on here and I was very disappointed because they delivered it in the morning just before I came to work and I had to set it up right. And I went on a long song of the answer about how disgusted I was and it looked like crap. And right away, all these expertise may have been calling and oh yeah, you're right Neil. I'm an expert on a Sony XBR, which is the old one I had and this one doesn't compare to it. And you were guess what? Wrong. This set puts the Sony XBR to shame. It's an unbelievable TV. But yeah, and it's like everything else with the talk shows. You know, if you say, oh boy, this is the greatest place in a face of the earth. Right away, the next 50 people will say, you know what you're right. Neil, I'm a ticket about it and you're right. It's called suction is what it's called. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a serious topic for you to discuss, maybe. Do you take it in the butter? You want to go. Here's a mobile in Boca, hello. Neil, how are you doing sir? Okay, sir. Hey, you know, Neil, I tell you, I've been listening to you a lot. Now, you should listen to you a long time ago and you talked about going up to a really field and all the things and all the good times. You know what I'm hearing about that, yeah. Well, I did. And I'm just wondering why when you've been through an experience like that, why you wouldn't be a little more receptive to baseball and South Florida. You know, there's a lot of good things to happen. I was listening to one of your guys on the radio station other day and he was talking about how he... What do you mean why wouldn't he be receptive to baseball and South Florida? What does that mean? In other words, why don't I want to see, why don't I want to see them, but they use public, my funds to build a billionaire stadium? Well, Neil, how many people were at the ballpark last night sir? Would you like to tell me how many were there? Right, 10,000. No, there were about 500 people there last night. Well, you know, okay, and what's wrong with people in South Florida? Neil, why do we sell out when the team was, was, was going to the world? Sir, this is not a sports market. I hate to break the news to you, sir. It's not a baseball market. The summer time is, you know, 40% of the population bail out of here at the summer. It doesn't have the permanent kind of base population, like Chicago does, like New York does, like real sports time. That's not what this place is all about. Why don't we sell out 97 then when they were going to the world series? Sir, I hate to break the news to you. Until the last two months in fact, there were playoff games in 97 that they didn't sell out. Well, we sold out the world series. Well, well, let's hear what we had sold out the world series. You're right. Blow it out your ass. Okay, you're wasting your time. Waste in your time. They sold out the world series. All right, let's hear it. Hallelujah. Just like Hank was saying yesterday, the heat need a new stadium like we need hemorrhage. Okay, a new arena. They couldn't even sell out the one that they had before. Every time you see a footage on TV of it, they're all these goddamn empty seats. Even though they're winning their division every year, year after year. This is not a sports town. Get used to it, pal. Okay. Not a sports town. It's not a talk show town. It's a dead town. It's a place where people come to die. Not to live. Get used to it. 560560, 2560 on a mobile one line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Good. Love your show. Long time listener. Several time collar. One of you, your feelings are Jim Drucken Miller. I think that's a pretty good deal. Okay. 560560, pound-560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and pompado. Hello. Hey, Neil, I know it. Okay. You haven't seen 60 minutes too last night. I saw a little tiny piece of it. One of the most sickening stories that I've seen my life. All those orphans that were shipped out of England. Yeah, I saw the beginning of that hour, and then I took them out of something else. And what happens? They shipped them what were Australia. So there'd be a lot more white people who were afraid that there was too many Asians and whatever in Australia. Australia. And they would told that the kids would tell that there's new moms and dads of the latent form. And it was this Catholic, I don't know, a visible whatever. And they had to rip the sister's weight in the brothers. And they had all these little boys building them this new compound in church. There was no mom's weight in form. And they were talking to the, you know, their old men today. And how they were sexually abused. And this was all, and then the group was the Christian brothers. Of course. And it was one of the most sickening, ethnic stories I've ever seen in my life. And it was another, it's another indication that, And it's a fact in the church. Right. Now, and the man said that the age of choice was the nine year old. Beauty. And I just wanted to pass that along and just, you know, say, how will we? Okay, thanks for the good news. Okay. Two lines that are lit up on a board and then we'll go back to music. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and coral spring, silo. Mobile and coral springs. Yes, steel. Yes, that's true. Yes, that's true. Yes. You just returned from Amsterdam? Yes. What's the name of the art museum there and downtown? I haven't got any idea. I don't go to museums. Okay. I thought you might know. Thank you. Well, why do you want to know? What difference does it make? What the name of the museum is? I was trying to remember the other day. I was discussing it with someone and I couldn't remember it. Uh-huh. That's all idea. Okay. Thanks for your civilizing input. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's coral springs, silo. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Welcome back. You're at your my call. You're my one call. I just keep, I keep you update. I call over once in a while. I'm the guy who waits 6, 30 and now down to 3, 40. Yeah. And since last July. But that's not what I call. What I call was. I'm the first call you had when you got to Mitsubishi. And when I got one? When you got to the new TV? Yeah, I mean, I taught you. And on the first one, it called when you got that and told you what a great TV was. Yeah, you're right. And then for the left, for the next two hours, I got shot down about the, uh, Yeah, because the hours were right. Yeah, because the hours were right. And the Sony's were better and everything else. And they were full of crap. Is it a great picture? It's spectacular. It's the best true color picture, right. TV, however, I had a lot of time. And that guy that was given me a song and an answer about my spending $300 to go in to have somebody come in. And there's nothing wrong with that. It's not broken. Don't fix it. It's as good as it can be, believe me. That's the same. But I'm excited to say it. Yeah, I just took it the greatest true color picture of my TV, I've ever had. Okay. All right. I'm glad you're back. Let me do it. Sure. Yeah, look at that. Good show. No, do we have a call on the board? No. No. It's really sad, man. Really sad. And you know, just doesn't drive with us. We're all these people listening and not one of them's got anything to say. None of them. About anything. Oh, you're taking up the air, sir. There's, it's tired. It's old. It's repetitive. It's not funny. It's sad. It's sad. And guess what? The most important part is you're listening. You're saying you're listening. So in assuming that I did take it up the, whatever. Or not as the case may be. What does that got to do with the price of peanuts? But it's a cover for the fact that you've got nothing to say is what it is. That you're a vacuum head that you have nothing to say about anything. 23 years of my life. I've exhausted myself over a freaking microphone trying to get people to say something about anything. Just a little bit interesting. It doesn't have to be stimulating. It doesn't have to be great aim of to real just anything. And in this town, man, if I try to squeeze blood out of a rock. But boy, when a sport show is come on, there is a limitless supply. Don't even have to give the numbers out. Whether they put a monkey on, Joe's a gacky. It doesn't make any difference. What body they should be on it. Josh Friedman sitting on it. It's thinking up that chair as long as they got a body in there. Those phones are going to, hey, what do you think about that? Dry, what about JJ? What about the Danny boy? And it's just the same old tired man, not in this never ending. Cough, capony of crap. It's unbelievable. I am going to go to a bullock see by the way. About five minutes. 26 past 12 and five, 60 WQA. And a Lonnie Pop Little Boy. M-TV presents nine inch nails on plucked. I want a bullock you like an animal. Damnit, this thing's not out. I'll come this isn't working. You're not so over my bonge. Nine inch nails on plucked. Only on M-TV. The word are they now. Oh, it's that tomorrow's 999 finally. Jesus Christ, we can get that damn thing off the MTV screen. So they can finally have those MTV awards tomorrow night and get that thing off the screen. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Nice job by the way to the sales department that I got to her. My beautiful job. For sometimes in life you get what you deserve. You know, when you try to come in the back door, you're going to be back to him. So to speak, here's a mobile and tamarack. Hello. Yes sir. I hear your frustration today buddy. Yeah. And maybe some of that is because you slam the phone down to people when you don't want to hear what they want to say. Uh-huh. Yeah, you're ready to do it. Did that just start today? No, it's going to go for a long time. Yeah, you're going to go for a long long time. You're still listening, aren't you? Now and then. Now and then. You're you amused me. You're a novelty. Uh-huh. Because you're brilliant or I listen to your ideals. I'm not here to be doing it on life. You know, I get the sports show. At least they listen to people and they take a consideration. They like it and not weigh it up. That is that why they screen the call so heavily before you can get on. Yeah, never screen my call. Yeah, they screen all the calls on the sports. I don't know. I don't know. They don't ask you what you want to talk about on the sports shows. When you call screening, hi. You want to talk about this? Yeah. I didn't ever call any of them. I've never stopped me from talking about what I want to talk about. I want to talk about what I want to talk about. What talk about censorship? The way you censor this way. Another way. That's why I'm the focus. I'm the focus. Entertainment show, sir. I slammed the phone down on you because I don't. I don't take any crap from anybody. Okay. I'm not interested in your critique. If you want to talk about something, all the side of it's interesting or not. And I've been doing that for a hundred years here, okay? And you continue to listen. It's quite of all your protest stations. You listen every day and we all know it. It has nothing to do with censorship. There's no such thing as the first amendment of talk radio. The purpose of the program is to be entertaining. And if you think that it's entertaining, here are all the sports nerds calling in with those idiotic calls. One after another. Then we got different taste. That's all I can tell you because I don't find it entertaining. And evidently, not nearly as many people in the audience find it as entertaining. Because the numbers on this show are double what the numbers are on those shows. That must just be because we got a few guys like in the low forza out there who put it down in their diaries. And you know those guys, they do keep a diary. Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello. Thank you. Yes sir. Hey, that's wonderful to follow when you're like that. Yeah, this guy's got nothing to say. So he's going to take a shot at me because I hang out in the fall. He's got nothing to say. I ask him, what does he got to say? He wants to talk about censorship. Hey, wait a long time for you to hang up on him. So listen, what are you going to do? You're going to have to think of me so in sense. I couldn't wait for you to get back. I'm watching a news story on one of the largest HMOs in the US. And it's out west somewhere like Nevada, it's based. Their new policy when you want to call 911 is you have to call their technicians first. They're four hour train technicians who will give you approval to call 911 and get an ambulance. So yeah. And they say that's the new spreading thing and all the HMOs. You're going to say to the HMO, don't forget to let me say no. It's like we're sheep. Okay, we'll do that. I'll call your four hour train guy and see if I'm having a heart attack. Right. And that and before you left, you were talking about the teachers. It got in the bind up of the club. Right. This guy writes an editorial to the hero. And this is where the mentality that wants to part of these teachers comes from. Right. The editorial I cut it out is he is so upset when he sees commercials on TV where mothers caress the butts of newborn babies because it's invasive and sexual in nature. No question about it. There's a mentality you're welcome back to over here. Thanks for the good news. Thank you. Okay. I was watching late night at TV on some of the over the year channels and amps. They're not that cable, but over the year. They have programs geared toward the different groups of people. Some of them geared toward women. And they were advertising vibrators. Fiberators, different sizes and shapes with different wild names for them and so on. And the prices. And then they also had programs on it where they were advertising. Like you look in the newspaper. And you see phone sex with so on. Well, and amps that I am on television. They show you the they show you the bitch. I mean the beautiful young lady. Bitch. Seriously. Naked from the waist up. And there she is. There's Darlin. Here's the number. Give her a call. She's, you know, doing her thing there on a TV. She can hit her on a little bit. Maybe they're real. Maybe they're not. You're on a phone. What do you care? On TV. Well, we don't want to show a baby's bottom here being Corress by his mother because that's an American. Right. Here's a mobile and pop in. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Please watch your blood pressure. I mean I can just get here at rise in a month. It's not rising at all. It's about 3 million. No, no. It's 110 over 70. God bless you. Anyway, I went to the movies yesterday. And I saw a movie that I mean, this is the first time this ever happened to me that I literally left the movie and asked my money back what it was over. Did you see that Blair bitch project? No. Please, Neil. Well, I want to go see it. Everybody with a brain has told me that it's a biggest piece of crap in history and kind. Well, I want to write you a paper all the hype that it got. I thought, well, you know, I thought maybe. Yeah, because a lot of people went to see it because it was a hype job. Unbelievable. Neil, it was the worst piece of filmmaking I've ever seen in my life. And I literally went out to the manager and said, I think he should give it my money back. Yeah. Yeah. But, but, but, but, but, but, but. Yeah. So that's the show. And America, as long as you can get the right hype job going, you can pedal anything to the public here on people are done more than saw us. I mean, worse. Absolutely worse. And please tell everyone you listen to please don't waste your money going to see it. Exactly. And let's you take a lot of drama mean before you go. Don't waste your time. Neil, you're God. Okay. Have a great day. Thanks for sucking around. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I see, I see. I know right up front what it's all about because this happens every time when I come back from vacation. If I have a good time, which I always have a great time, they're upset about that. So now let's attack him. Okay. Sounds like he's in too good of a mood. Let's shake him up a little bit. Let's get to blood pressure up. Let's get him side-cautic. We don't like a happy Neil. We, that's not what we tune in for. We don't want to hear a happy man on a radio. We want to hear him pitching and screaming and cussing out the audience and caring on and frustrated and foaming it about that while we tune in that goddamn bagot because that's what we find entertaining. And don't give me a song about freedom of speech. Okay. As whole you uking asshole. I know all about freedom of speech. It isn't the goddamn sports shows that they're busy taping and sending tapes to the FCC and trying to get him off the air, which is why some of our sports people. Yeah. I'm saying, Erie, we're that there have been invented on a year and get away with it. It's this show. Because God prevents you and anybody beyond you are expressing a different point of view, especially about religion and God, all of a sudden, crazy American bullcraft. So let's use this in the excuse that it's filthy and disgusting and perverted and we'll try to get it off the air. But you give me a song at an end. Give me a lecture about censorship. Okay, pal. You uking idiot. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Amy. Yes, sir. I love your show, man. Tomorrow is my birthday. I'm 90. Really? My data play the lottery. Anti-Christ, maybe. Thank you. You're welcome. Hey, Ralph, and Michael Duce, begs you. Okay. Have a happy show. There's a guy who was born. His birthday will be on 9. 9. 9. We're going to have Robert Greeper take a special thing on that. Which by the way, next time I pop a CD in my, uh, CD player. I'm going to have to ask whether he likes it or not. Yeah, you were quoting his musical taste to me a few weeks ago. But he don't like 98 degrees. Well, guess what? He don't like it because it's 98 degrees. That's why he don't like it. If it was 88 degrees, he might like it a little bit better. He don't like anything. He's a piece of crap is what he is. I'm not, I'm not holding back anymore. I'm going to start letting these people have it around this place. Got that one guy walking around to this morning. And if I rip him and ask he smells like a sewer like a walking toilet. They take a chair that he was sitting in and push it out of the studio because it smelled so bad. And after I rip him off that smell like, yes, he gives me the thumbs up and last like it's a joke Josh Friedman. It's not a joke. Take a bath. God. He makes me think about Nick Lawrence a lot. Nick smells like roses by comparison. In fact, that guy on a plane that I for corner that they sent next to me on a plane from Amsterdam to London. There was wearing that hoocad shaco, whatever it was. Like he was wearing a bathrobe. Well, he, I guess he left the bath part out. Man, no man. Woo. You know, as bad as that turlet smell this morning, that was like a fragrance from of lilac compared to what this guy smell like. And he's sitting right across. Thank God, it's only a 45 minute flight. In fact, when when we took off the flight attend, she comes on and says, okay, hold your breath. Silence with. Violence with. Violence with. Honestly, give me another beer. I've made it to 70 to 10 theaters now. Yes, he is back. He's trying to rock Dines. He's great here on the silver street. All new and stable guys. I was made for dinner and so many babies who were made for the best. That's why can't hear you calling? My hearing aids is dead. I want to watch each beat. I'm not a baby. If they're separated, I want to watch each run. Play these things every day. Kiss these very trough cities. Fun sir by the panjarr at all. For the first 50 people, no walkers allow. I can hardly hear you now. What hearing aids does that look like? Stop. 25 at 560 W to QA and 560, 560, 560, 560, and a mobile online. Hank will be here briefly today, 2 to 330 because we got the pre game 330. Four o'clock Dodgers and Marlon, Jerry ago. Come on, Neil. Let's start supporting that baseball. Come on. There were at least 25 people last night. It lists 13,000. I realized that's tickets sold. And I realized that rain catching dogs before the game. And they had another long rain delay. But. Two or three times during the course of the evening, I flipped over there. Just to see how many people actually were there, you could have counted around your fingers and toes and had digits left over. That's how many people were there. Oh, but let's come up with some money and no list. Hey, come on. What's wrong with his down? Here's a mobile and dear field. Hello. Hey, Neil. Welcome back to vacation. Sure. I think this Sunday is going to be a big day because Lawrence Phillips makes his return to the NFL. And he will show 49ers and the NFL. Let me ask you something. How many times you're going to make the same call? What? It's very important. No, it is not important. Nobody cares. Okay, pal. Call up all the sports nerd shows. One of the criminal shows and talk about your favorite criminal in the NFL. Okay. 8 million times this guy has called in the last two months. And he must have his Lawrence Phillips blow up. All all pumped up. He's pumping it right now, probably. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. You know, how you doing? Okay, sir. I just got back from Vegas for the first time. I had time in my life. Yeah. I love that, please. I want to go back there. Yeah. All right. I just want to tell you that, please, a sweet. The chicken farms are great too. Yeah. That's it. I was just waiting to see how long before we ran out of material. He, he was out before he started. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Oh. I have a horse. The next time. Okay. Neil. Yes. The next time it rains. Wherever you are, it's from God for you. That's it. Bye. Thank you. The next time it rains, wherever I am, it's from God to me. Well, God must have missed my trip to Amsterdam because I was there for 10 days. Did it rain once? No. No, not a drop. God doesn't go to Amsterdam. Oh, that's right. That's a godless place. That's a good place for me. Godless. But when it rains, next time it rains, I want you folks to sit and think about that. Okay. Sit and put your head in your hands. Grab your head with your hands. And think about that. The next time it rains, wherever I am, God did that for me. God is watering me like a little flower. Like a little pansy, you know. Thank you, sweetheart. Scored, Scored. That's for you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Kendall. That's the hot act to follow. How you doing Neil? Welcome back. I envy you that you're able to go to Amsterdam. I'd love to go there. I just wanted to find out yesterday. I thought I heard mentioned on your show that still Henry is going to be syndicated in South Florida. No, he's going to be syndicated. Whether they're going to pick him up here or not is, we don't know yet. Okay. That'd be real nice to hear him again. Right. And yeah, I do these people here. It's unbelievable. I work in the driver around town. And these people just don't have a driver. It's crazy. Anyway, happy to help me. I'm out of the theory. Okay. Happy as you boys do. Okay. 560. And do that's going to be another thing now because now we got Russia showing young Kipper coming up. And you know what that means. See, it's always an excuse in this time. Well, it's the Labor Day holiday weekend and people are getting back and kids are going back to school. Then it's going to be a Kipper winner. It's Russia's showing up. And then it's some Goia's show holiday. And it's Thanksgiving. And it's Martin Luther Coolday. And it's whatever else. And then it's just a never ending procession of that crap. Always some excuse why we don't care enough to send our very best assuming we had it. 560. 560. 560. 560. On a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Kupersity. Hello. I'm Schfitzen over here. Neil. Your callers are given me a headache today. God. But Neil. I got to touch something a few calls ago. I don't think your listeners know how to do a talk show. It's got to be a two way experience. Yeah. That's right. I mean, short of call Larry King in. Because you know how to do a talk show. Yeah. Listen, Neil doesn't want to talk about the marlins. Nobody out here wants to know. But you don't understand that. Just like the guy with Lauren Phillips. This is this guy's idea of a crank call because he knows I don't want to talk about it. So every caller who starts out the same way. Oh, it's a big day. Lauren Phillips. Because he thinks that it's going to irritate me. I don't give a crap. I mean, I get paid one way or the other. It's just bad radio. That's all. Yeah. I think this show could be as good as we're doing here. And we're doing great on a fan and radio station. This show could be a hundred times better if we add real callers out there, which is why we need the 100 numbers so badly. But this is too much of a cheap ass outfit to give us anything to work with. They don't know how to do a talk show. Now I could bring up the channel seven story last night about about another isolated incident with the child molesting creatures for waterdale. Right. Maybe I don't remember, but it was, you know, I don't like channel seven, but I was laying in bed, flipping her mouth. And the whole town of the story was that he did it. I mean, I wasn't an editorial, but three, three guys who are now in the 30s came forward. The one guy said he was molested 100 times by this priest. Right. And they reported the story. Now nothing can be done because the statute of limitation is run out now. You know, you always let that kind of call go on because it's, you know, you like that. Collars have to know what you want to talk about too, which you don't want to talk about. It's an interesting question. I want to talk about it. The question of what's interesting, like the guy that called earlier with a, what that, what that, you got called yesterday for example, to think about parking downtown. That was one of the most boring calls I've ever heard in my life. I'm calling call. I've had a terminal for two days from your show and because the cars don't have material because they have no lives. Don't you understand the last time that we had a real rush on this show was back during the election back at the end of July. Everybody got away. Then all of a sudden I was everybody's hero. Then it was none of this matter. Call, then all of a sudden I was in hero man. I was a great guy. I was a champion of the people. They went out. They voted in big numbers. They said overwhelmingly they voted. No, I guess to them, I'm pretty sure. And then I was a big hero. But a short of that, they got nothing to talk about. Meal, in the words of JFK senior, ask not what your talk show host can do for you. Yeah, but what you can say. Saying that isn't going to change this time. And I've been, I've been here too long. Saying that isn't going to give these people any material. I'm trying the hook because you know what, I love to listen to your show but the callers are They're killing it. They're killing it. They're killing your show. You've still got big numbers on a crappy AAM station. I don't know how you were back on that. No need to. But I hang in there and I listen. If I can't drive on you to myself, no, I won't be able to call you either because I'm not going to pull over and call. Yeah, you will. No, listen. If they try to pass the law, just vote. No. Have a great day. Thank you, Neil. They don't put it to a vote, by the way. Not one of those things you vote on. 560, 50560 on a mobile one line. We got two or three at an open line. You're a little over an hour to go. You think we'll make it till two today. Oh, I sure doubt it. You know, I guess that we have a few days off and we'll have to go to an exercise. You know, they have to put you through the rigors of exercise that you way back into it. Can't just ease back in. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Long time listener, long time pants are fans. Wonder what you can tell us about this new announcer coming down from Toronto. Jigs and McDonald. Right. Two words. Old hack. Wow. That would be a big improvement over what we had before over Christine and Laura, but he's an old hack. But not that much to look forward to. No. Well, I can be listening to games that are ready anyway, are you? One to zero. One to out town. Huh? I'm just listening to the radio and watching on TV. You used to listen on a radio and Chris Moore was doing the games? I thought you had better play by play, Nick. With Chris Moore, he didn't do any play by play. He never described the game. Oh, that's true. Okay. You got me on that one. Okay. I have a great day. Oh. Oh. Oh. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. That call right there belongs in the time capsule. That's exactly precisely what the guy before him was talking about. Here is a guy who doesn't know his ass from your elbow. Okay. No, it's nothing. And I'm supposed to sit here and just listen to it and let him drone on. He hasn't got a clue what he's talking about. The jig is up, pal. Okay. In your case, that's the best I can tell you. Old McDonnell had a farm. E-I-E-I. No. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. What's the matter? You're getting out and heavy with a hot guy. You're getting sweaty. Oh, here's another hole in the line. Holy, holy, oh, what is homophobic history? Okay. Well, probably you're working on it right now. Just thinking about it. Glad we can provide you with some mental stimulation. A little fantasy because in your case, believe me, that's all you've got. But Ricky Martin's gone. What any, Ricky Martin had some other, not a call. Your people, like I said, one dimensional laminated, forget about them. They got nothing to contribute, period. That's a given. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hour Georgie Bushett, that is those is clean and never puts up there. Cassie's running for the White House, so he just cares it's made. Don't drop him that's not all even down a few people. If only Jenny, drugs would do he even drop some mental too. Why will George just come out and simply say he did it? He prefers the press would shut them out. So if somebody who got them does this, he did more than watch your thing. But he watched it tell the same. And he prefer cocaine to have. That's the question that he does. And he made it quite much clearer. Like a razor on a mirror. But he wants the two beys. That he didn't do anything. Georgie Bushett and his mother's clean and never puts up there. Cassie's running for the White House. He just cares it's made. Georgie's clean, Georgie's clean, Georgie's clean. Oh, right. Okay, well, that's one thing he's got over Josh Friedman. 101 at 560 WCU-AM. Here's the fact that it's his, I don't know if by now somebody already called you regarding Mark Anthony. No. And I wasn't listening when he was, whatever about him, et cetera. Well, what I asked is at the beginning of the show that was a thing Latin beat about the new wave of Hispanic music and across of our artists that are on ABC last night from 10 to 11. But evidently nobody else in the audience saw it. And anyway, it goes on Mark Anthony is a Puerto Rican salsa singer and is albumed this. It's at Ransoan and Luis Miguel's got a new album being released September 14 called Marte Es un a unpaicier. And here comes the best part of the fact that I don't know who this is from. But it says, by the way, although Mark Anthony's music has great rhythm. He can't sing a lick and no one compares to Luis. How do you like that? Mark Anthony? He can't sing for shit. That's what it says. Amen. Right on. All we look so like it. 560, 50560, palm 560 on the AT&T line is where the home stretch now are big gigantic one to two hour. It's no Marlins ball game, but it's the best we can do today. All the Marlins will be on a 330. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. I just got back from Vegas. 21st birthday went out there. Yeah. You're right. Front here. Yeah. Why do you want to stay there? Excellent. Excellent place. Treated me like a team. What are they picketing in front of the hotel again? Like they over haven't had her last 10 years. No, no, no, it was excellent. Let me see. How do you get time? I don't have to. I had some luck. Got to meet some ladies. Yeah. Good 21st birthday. Okay. Glad to have a good time. Can I have some one to do you back? Go ahead. Kenny McGover and a slacker. You guys are a dishback. Okay. Thank you. See you. Okay. Stay to the front here, which is. I guess as long as you got a clean room and not too many bed bugs. What happened to this? You know, not a bad location. 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. And then you can sit and throw stones out the window those picketers. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I know that. Okay, man. How do you think about the dolphin this evening? Think they're going to be 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. Listen to show on enough of the last year. I've been in down here finish a doctoral residency. From up north. Yeah. And I got to agree with you with just the professionalism and the business sense down here. Big difference down here. I'm trying about the professionalism here, sir, because it doesn't exist. Exactly. It doesn't exist. Hold different greater cubes down here than up there. Yeah. Definitely different breed. Like night and day. Night and day. That's all you do. This is like a little foreign country. It's like a little bit anime public. Exactly. It's insane. I remember I was here one time back in 93. Like a fourth of July. So maybe down in South Miami maybe two, three American flags. See you later. Well, you won't see that again. It took those away. Have a great time, pal. You too. Okay. Yeah, we won't make that mistake again. Will we? No. No. You bet you're an alcanas man. We'll see those again. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Come on. You can do it. Let's hear from some of the ladies out there. Let's hear from that profile. What you think about that ask your name on high up fight. Come on. Let's hear it. Let's hear about the big fight. You're going to be watching it. You bet you're going to be betting on it. All right. Now you know you're a real man. I remember when I was a little kid that you said the Friday night fights on TV and my psychotic father used to sit there in front of the TV about six inches away from the set. Oh, oh, oh. You think that he was either having some kind of a sexual experience, which was unlikely in his case, or he was in enormous pain. Watching the Friday night fights. I mean, just, uh, oh, it's beautiful. Part of the American sickness. Here's sunrise. Hello. Sunrise. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing today? Great. Great. Show. I like when you cut people off one after the other. Listen, I'm calling you about the... And you ought to be ecstatic today. There you go. You don't cut me off. You know your buddy Adam from the pants of the game? From the pants of the game? The guy Adam who you know from the hockey games. Adam. Oh, Adam, they used to sit in our section. Yeah, exactly. Poor guy. He's, uh, you know, I told him yesterday when I saw him. You know, he's over 35. He's got a bad back. As we speak right now, he's on his way over to get in MRI done. And I know he's listening to you in the car. Do you get an MRI done for what? For his back. He's got some back pain. Something's going on. You know, I spoke to him this morning. We just lost Andy the way. Oh, yeah. He was done. I said, no, Adam is, uh, he was done. He's okay. He's walking around. But, you know, the guy's over 35. So, you know, the back spot. He's what I want to do is in the car on the way there. Right now, wish him luck and call him a douchebag. Okay. Okay. Good luck, Adam. Adam. Good luck. Okay. Yeah. Adam. He was, uh, okay. Kind of marginal guy. Five, five, six, seven, five, 60, five, 60 on the 18th, he was lying. Yeah. If we could just get the numbers that watch your name is getting. Then we would understand why we can't get any guy damn calls. Then we'd understand. But the problem with this time is they don't have the cohones. They'll call you. They will call me. They don't have the ball. Master, you're intimidating. I'm just a Quizland. Yeah. A little spick. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the 18th, he was lying. Just like my trip and the Echid yesterday at the pharmacy to buy my strips. I mentioned it for the third time only because the, uh, the experience was so astonishing to me. And his pharmacist who was a guy I would say like in his mid 30s. You know, just kind of a nerdy looking guy with glasses. And he looked at me like, like, uh, his life just found meaning. Like he had been in a cave of darkness for the last 10 years. And all of a sudden the beam of light came pouring through. He looked at me and went, oh God. And shook my hand so hard that the blood was draining to my elbow. Man. And then I came in here the next morning. And we're right back to this again, you know, same old crap. The boy, you ought to see the paycheck that comes through twice a month. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the 18th, he lying. Here's Miami, hello. I don't know that. Great. I was one of a few people here at saw that special history on the Latin beef, baby feet. Right. And the two, which said about Jennifer Lopez, they did a quick clip over in the studio without makeup. These are beasts. Oh my God. But boy, you can just cut the ass off and toss the burst back to the ocean man. Right back to Puerto Rico. This is a testament to the power of makeup. Right. And also, I think, what they did a interview with Selma Hayek and how she was complaining that all the each she got was sex pot stuff. I go, yeah, but you are laughing when you got them chicks, where are you? And take them to the bank with that. And she said, oh, you know, that's all I could get was all these sexy roles. Well, after they spent like 15 minutes on Mark Anthony, that's when I turned it off because he can't think for sure. Yeah. That's true. And now, do you know, did they even mention Luis Miguel and the entire hour? No, they did that all. Yeah. Yeah. But the thing is, you know, what are they being saying? You know, they did mention is the new kid that the stuff was of bringing a Carlos Ponce. The old actor. Yeah. The actor, she started a lot of roles. Oh, the staff ones are bringing him up. Well, let's count me out. No, no, fellas. They've got anything to do with it. Count me out. I mean, this guy, I'm like, that's showing everybody except the real Latin and how the Trino sisters are coming out also. Yeah. I think a bunch of Jews made that segment on ABC and I want to say no. Okay, pal. You're a happier circus. Okay. And by the way, happy New Year and happy young keeper and unhappy, whichever day they're all these other bubble mice is okay for all the Yidlachat they were getting ready to start doing this stuff in a few days. What is it to 10th? Yeah. I think it's only a couple of days. We start with the Russia shuttle already. We're going to be lighting the candles and they're going to be adomiting and my Ruhatah, all the old crap again and they're going to be drinking the wine and then young keeper, they're all going to be fasting. They'll be polishing all day. They'll be passing out by noon. Is my mother going to be fasting on young keeper? No. Better but she won't be. She'll be making her mundal bread. Crazy, crazy old time religious bullcraft, the whole world man just take a look at it. I rest my case. The Baptist trying to convert the Jews. You got the same thing in the Middle East. The crazy Protestants and the Catholics in Northern Ireland. Everywhere you look, crazy people. Thank God for saying people like me. 10 minutes after one at 5.60 WQA. You're going to go get drunk. Good morning. All David Had to Boy in here with Feeble Con. And then walk down the street and saw a new restaurant outside the restaurant. A sign red where silence is golden but kind words come with dessert. Kerry, I see decided to have lunch there. He was shown to a beautiful table with a white table called Fresh Cup Flour. And was greeted by a very lovely wankress. She simply beam to smile and ready to pen and pad. I'll have the stew. He said she took his order and nodded politely and returned with his meal. During lunch, he thought about the rest of your night's look. When he had finished, the interest just hit on the dessert menu. At that moment there, we began to feel quite ill. No dessert for me, he said, holding his stomach. What? Can I still get some kind words to which the waitress politely responded? You look like a very nice man who likes to keep happy and healthy. So I... What need the stew? This is David Aftaboy. With Feeble Con. All right, 15 at 5.60, W.B. 2 AM, it'll kill you. 5.60, 5.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T line. Here's another fact from Carlos about the 60 minutes two show last night about all those kids that they sent to us. Do ready to put in the institutions. And how the boys were put in there with the cantilek institute with the brothers and the mothers. And they were being molested as usual as the case. Because they like to alter boys. And you people out there, you continue subsidizing this corrupt bull crap and nothing that anybody can say can convince you how evil it is. Congratulations to you. 5.60, 5.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T line. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Just one quick comment on your little Christian rain goddess they called it for you. A hundred Christian rain goddess, right? Yes. Did you happen to notice how to look an Amazon? Did you happen to notice before she started before she asked her name? She said I was ordered to. And then she wanted to make sure she was talking to you. Yeah. Did you happen to... Well, she just got off the bat line with the Lord. Yes, what's the bat line with the bat line? That's exactly what I meant. That's exactly what I meant or God, one of the other. Well, I hope she holds the rain goes out and that doesn't will rain down. Yeah, I'm wondering about this. How come it rained before I was born? I mean, last time I checked just like when God got pissed off and it rained for 40 days in nights. And he flooded the world and killed everything even the animals who had nothing to do with his getting pissed off. Even though God is perfect so we can't get pissed off, but nevertheless... He must have known you were coming. That must have been it. That's right. Good point. That's what he's doing. He must have known. And he couldn't stop it. Just like I said yesterday, if God wanted to do it to be circumcised, why not to ward they born circumcised. Because then they wouldn't have the... If he wanted everybody to be circumcised, why didn't he invent forest? Because why didn't he invent forest get into the first place? Duhhh! Ehh! 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Perine. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Are you doing? Great. Do you agree that sports is entertainment? Yeah. Hockey, baseball, football, and boxing? Yeah. And boxing? Yes. No, no boxing is not sports. You say boxing is not a sport. Where do you get that? Did boxing is not a sport. What do you mean where do I get it? The sport is like a competition. Right. What is boxing? The only purpose of boxing is to inflict as much punishment on the other Participant. That's not a sport. It's probably one of the most pure sports to raise. What is not a sport? Oh my gosh, you're a... You're a... You're a... You're a... You're a... You're a... It's a brutal and dangerous sport. I'll give it to you. That's... Well, how many... It's entertainment, right? How many people... So it's... So it's talk fighting. So it's bullfighting. That doesn't mean that I'm going to approve of it. So like the Stanley Cup, let's say, for example, Can you compare it actually? Big heavyweight champions... Of course you're not fighting. I mean, even the worst talking game is a thousand times more exciting than most of these fights What they stand around in... I wish... 990% of any fight is standing around in a clinch, okay? There are how many... I mean, people want many... You're... How many people watch it? I mean, everybody's hitting this. There's more people. People watch golf. How many people want people to watch golf? I'm fine. Go on. I don't find it cutie, but it's a sport. So how come so many people are watching it? If that's the brown... How many people... Are you going to compare that to a big heavyweight championship? More people watch golf than watch boxing. It's one big heavyweight. One event. I'm sure it'll be one big... Again, more people watch golf than watch boxing. You got it on every day. More people watch the masters' golf tournament that watch a heavyweight boxing game. Everyone's watching it, but how often is it on? When you compare it... You know, we're just going around on a circle, okay? If you're going... If the brownner's going to be... That's like the old argument I'll give you... Vinylide screen. More people eat vinylide screen than any other flavor. Is that making good? No. No. But I hope you enjoy the fight. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pomp. And even those people like Howard Costell who became famous because of his covering of boxing, and because of his association with Muhammad Ali, even he and his latter days turned against it and said that it was barbaric and should've been outlawed. And a lot of the top sports writers have said the same thing. The few that I got the courage to be honest about it, and don't just pander to you more than you're going to be. And you're going to be a little bit more of a fight. And you're going to be a little bit more of a fight. And you're going to be a little bit more of a fight. And you're going to be a little bit more of a fight. And you're going to be a little bit more of a fight. And you're going to be a little bit more of a fight. And you're going to be a little bit more of a fight. And you're going to be a little bit more of a fight. And you're going to be a little bit more of a fight. And you're going to be a little bit more of a fight. And you're going to be a little bit more of a fight. And you're going to be a little bit more of a fight. And you're going to be a little bit more of a fight. And you're going to be an ex-loven in your career. What does that mean? Maybe what a good Christian may have here find Jesus or somebody? No. So I'm waiting. I'm waiting. Where's the great A material? So where is it? Well, what's your next career? What's your next career? What's your next career? There is no next career. This is it. This is it. Yeah. And the fact that you were talking about what are you going to finally do when you are going to give that money to what kind of way. We're writing a book. You're writing a book. You're writing a book. Would you like to inherit your money? Maybe you'll finally contribute to that. Yeah. Okay. Blow it out your ass. Okay. How much money you raised in fertility? I raised more money every year for charity. In fact, I give more money to charity every year. Then you have in your whole lifetime. Okay. I saw a congratulations for seeing. Being all I was going to say being so, you know, bold behind a fall that he was probably mumbling. He had a sock over it and a phone too. What's your next career? Well, how come you're listening? That's the question sir. Let me say it again for all your division and all your negativity about your Australia. Why are you listening? Because you love it. That's why you're squeezing it right now, pal. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18 T. Wireless line. Here's the lady in Carroll City. Hello. Hi. Yes, thank you. The first girl to call you. You're something? The first girl, yes. All right. I have a question for you. What do you think of the dolphins this year? I don't. This isn't the sport show. We don't talk about the dolphins on the show. You don't like the, okay, what's your favorite thing? I don't care about the, let me say, what did I just get to say? We don't talk about sports on the show. Okay. Great. Not a sport show. Are you listening to the show? I am. Are we talking about the dolphins? Boxing. Yeah. Like I said, we don't talk about sports. Boxing isn't a sport. You're certainly. Hey, can you do me a favor, Neil? Yeah. Okay. My boyfriend. Well, actually my ex boyfriend is listening to you every day. Yeah. And he's on the radio right now. Can you tell him that I love him so much? No. No. I do that. Thank you so much. No. I think you're just going to be anyway. No. I think he dumped you for good reason. What do you think about the dolphins this year? I don't. Oh, geez. How can you say that? Well, I don't. I don't give it two seconds thought. What's wrong with you, man? I couldn't care less. See, they can't handle that. They just can't accept the fact that there were those of us out here who actually are walking around reading the first year who aren't obsessed with the cockarai that their lives are centered around. And cockarai, by the way, is it understatement? That would be a compliment. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. What do you call a lawyer with the single digit IQ? Okay, let's go to North Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen, you know, nobody's brought this topic up, but what? Do you want to speak your phone? No, it's leaning like hell. I mean, wait a second. Are you in a barrel? Yes. Because I can barely hear your foul. Okay, I'll try to speak a little louder. Not good. Are you in a mobile? No, I'll try to code this phone. Oh, it's crap. Can you say hang me now? I hear you, but it's not good. But go ahead. Okay, listen. What about the circuit? I already did bushing for gasoline sales in their, uh, their van. What's the, when they get the gas from? What are you talking about? What guys in high, Alia? Look at that for me in their van. So, yeah. This is the kind of thing that you're worried about, sir, that you spend your time working with. Get out of here, man. Get out of here. Go away. There's no one either. I think it's an active God. Your phone sounds like that. Man. Jesus, Joseph and Joseph. Joseph. And Joseph. It says that, bulled like, here's a fact that bulled like Jan, or Reno needs to go. She's done for the US. Oh, this is from that, that Tracy, or the Greg Sawyer, right wing asshole. Yeah. Greg Sawyer. Everyday. Over and over again. Thanks for listening to the thing around your show on five, you and by the way, Greg. I saw a kind of right wing friend. Wasn't that a brain and his entire body, or whatever it is? Here's Volca, hello. Yeah, a lot of pop up or ring reports. The guys ready to go, scour 100 goals this year. What are we going to get the truth out of this organization for once and for all? What does that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean is the guy, the time last year. We heard the guy was healthy. The guy missed the season three games when he came to me. Did you know what shape he's in right now? I hear nothing but good things about the shape of these. And I heard that after surgery lesson, the guy was coming back. But he's ticked a bunch of what he looks like the morning's out there with one veteran. Yeah. Same team, man. And work these young guys. Well, guess what? Get used to it, man. That's what you got. I mean, that's wing. That's the wing, effin way, baby. Get used to it. Waaaaa. Waaaaa. You know, if you don't want to subsidize it, don't go. That's all very simple. Five, six, seven, five, six. The station pays for my tickets. I'll go as long as it's interesting as long as brewery still is healthy and rate Whitney is playing. And if those two should not be playing for whatever reason, I won't go. That's all. I'll give the tickets away. Oh, can we have now? Yeah, let's give some mirror away. That should do it. Let's give away. Hundred cases of beer. That should do it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. How about giving a chance for the season to start, okay? With the first exhibition game is still about a week away, September 14. Why not give it a chance for the season to start before you start bitching in belly aching? I'm supposed to be the negative one, okay? You're supposed to be all the blind optimists. The suckers who come running with your, with your harder and dollars to subsidize. All these multi billionaires, like Wayne. So just to dummy up and see how it happens, okay? And hope for the best. At least it's a little bit of entertainment out there in Broward County, which sure quite frankly, when you're in the middle of nine million dying people. And there's actually something living in breathing going on. That's the one good thing about the macaroon. You walk in there in the average age, yeah, which is about 30. All those young people in there. Thank God. Where else in Broward County, can you see living in breathing people beside the macaroon? Anywhere you can think of? No. So against the law, that's Ken Jenny's new law, by the way. Anybody out of the age of 100, you're out out of Broward. 26th to one at five, 60 WQA, malar. This is G Gordon Litty and they don't come anywhere else than new Roger. The breakthrough comedy of the summer is still in theaters. Roger Evert says Adam Sandler finally plays a character that isn't retardant. And Gene Siscoll says, get me out of this box. I'm not dead yet. Adam Sandler stars in. Oh my, that's a mighty big booger. Big booger. Big doodies. Red is N-A-60. No adults over the age of 16 would find this movie funny. Big doodies. Yeah, that sums him up up to a T. 131 at 560 WQA, don't forget the MTV Awards tomorrow night. Then we don't have to see the 99, 99, you know what? It just dawned on me. What night is tomorrow? Thursday? Yeah. And what do we wait for on MTV every Thursday night at 10 30? Oh. Oh. That's the star. Is that me? I'm green show is going to be pre-empted tomorrow probably. Maybe he'll have to invade the ceremonies. Look at that. This thing. This, it's storming around here. We got all kinds of crap going on. God. Here's a mobile and four-border deal. Hello. I know how are you? Great. Listen, I apologize if you've already addressed this issue. Go ahead. Still busy this week. Did you read the article in Sunday, Sun Sentinel where you were mentioned in the Outlook section? Was regarding public financing of, you know, somebody made reference to it yesterday. But he never knows who's a real asshole wrote something costing about him a caveman because of not in favor of public financing for a baseball stadium or something like that. I, my brother and yourself were referred to as cavepeople. Citizens against virtual, everything. And it's interesting because the only thing that they published that my brother had said was a vague statement that he thinks the tax power should be used for schools. But he actually, who's your brother? My brother was mentioned in the article with you. He was, I guess, a citizen that was interviewed. And they basically referred to the two of you as somebody with the Marlon, the lobbyist referred to the two of you as cavepeople. But my brother had gone into it. Also, somebody from the Marlon who said that. Yeah, I don't know. I take that as a high compliment then, okay? No, seriously. Because the Marlon people are killing this radio station. They're like an albatross around our neck. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah, that's John Henry for you, man. He is crazy. And he is nuts. If you think that we're going to spend tax pay or dollars to build a billionaire stadium, so we can play it with his play toy. Let me say it again. Did you see how many people were at that ballpark last night? Yes, I did. A smattering. Probably about 2000. I would say less. I say that would really, if you count the concessionaire, the concession's people and the players and the people in a park a lot, maybe 2000. Pretty sad. Yeah. And we're going to build a stadium. I think not. And then, even, I just wanted to see if you would. Well, I'm going to clarify that for me. I'm glad that I another I find I work came from. Thank you sir. My pleasure. And have a great day. Okay. There's a good news. The Marlin people say that Neil Rogers is a caveman. Thank you so much. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Amen. You won't get any argument with me on either count. John Henry. John Henry was a piled rye of a man, baby. And a hell of a race horse. But this guy, he's got no balls. Well, John Henry was a golden. 560, 560, pound 560. You want to build your own stadium. Go ahead and build it. Okay. Put together the financing like a real man. Just like Joe Robby did. Put together your own financing. It's stop coming on your hands and he's. And given us these big, very jackass stories on a front page of those paper. Oh, well, I'd like to have it over here. But I'd really like to have it over there. But if I had my brothers and whoever comes up with the best public public finance. That's where we like to have it. So that's just Neil Rogers. That's his stick it in your. Everybody else that I hear talking about including the hump or who will be on in 25 minutes. They're saying exactly the same thing just say public financing to build stadiums and arenas for billionaires. And cut the crap. And why in the Hank pose the very good question yesterday. I don't have the answer. Why are these two newspapers so much in bed with Wayne and with John Henry? What's that all about? I must be crazy. I must be not. What is what is the reason? What is the hidden thing that's got the Harold and the Sun's come sentinel? Hyper ventilating trying to pedal us a bill of good. How badly we got to have a new stadium? Yeah, who's getting smeared for that? Here's Haley. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing all right. I'm already talking about boxing out being a sport. Right. And being brutal. Yes. What do you consider hockey? Talk you as a sport. I mean think about it. What do you think about that? What do I think about it? Why don't you think about it? What do I think about it? Why don't you think about it when I'm out of hockey. Why not? I think I would have no swaths of from this turn. What's the answer? I think you know one. Make an appointment. Anyway, talking about the morning. I want 560560. You're all I can say to you is. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. 560560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. I'm a kid man. All right. Let's hear it. Me and Fred Flintstone. I love it. And you know something, it must tear their kishki's out. The fact that there are those of us here on this radio station. I'm telling you exactly the way it is. This station is losing its ass on Marlins baseball. They had to take the sales department and take them for a whole day. Remember I'm off to the tour go take them for a whole day and hold them up in some goddamn hotel room and put them on shell and Marlins baseball. So we could try to make some of the revenue back that were paying John Henry, which is why they're in court now and still have a resolve that will lose lawsuits back and forth about getting raped last year for the full broadcast right for what turned out to be a little league baseball team. It's an albatross. That's why George still doesn't have his bonus. That's why they don't pay their bills on time. You sound the fact that they're cheap and they do business that way and always have anyway, but nevertheless. Because they're squeezing the light blood out of this organization. That's why we got a phone system here that even over there at radio exit that no bus southeast, even they would laugh at this outfit here at this studio. This is a studio like my little dog is a goddamn brain surgeon. But thanks for the tickets, Greg. Here's a mobile in the leading mobile in Oakland, hello. Hello, hi, Neil. How you doing? I'm doing this fine. I'm going to wait and take all of you for a long time. I want to thank you. I think you're Superman. I think you're the best. That's what's free to say. That's all for a world. You've anything you've done for 101 of making the benefits and you're just, you make my whole week, you get me through and all my support groups. We all talk about you and you just rock on Neil. You rock on, okay? Okay, sweetheart. I don't get it. Thanks. Love you. Bye. 560, 560, on the 18T line, 22 before what? Tom Green will be on a 1230 on Thursday. After the awards, I guess. Well, I can't have to midnight. Am I going to stay up after midnight to watch some Green? No, but I will tape it. Because I'll tell you one thing boys and girls a Thursday without Tom Green is like a day what I like the sunshine in your life. You're good. But I say 22 before. Yeah. It's been years still, those biggest asshole. Right off the river. Tom, gentlemen. Thank you. Thank you. And now, Dr. Jeremy Burnham will give us a dramatic reading of pretty fly for a white dye. By the offspring. Dr. Burnham? Who knows those stress? Watch those simple, simple, simple, safe. Yes. He needs some cool tunes, not just any of the sights, but they don't have ice cubes, so he bought the Nella ice. Now cruising in his pinto, he sees homies as he taps. But if he looks twice, they're going to kick his lily. Now he's getting a tattoo. He's getting ink done. He asked for a 13, but they drew a 31. Friends say he's trying too hard. He's not quite fit, but in his own mind, he's the dopest trip. Give it to me, baby. Uh-huh. Give it to me, baby. Uh-huh. Give it to me, baby. Uh-huh. Give it to me, baby. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Oh. Uh-huh. One more time. Oh, man. 144 at 560WQM 56050560, on the AT&T Wireless line. Well, I'll tell you one thing about two hours ago. If you would've told me that we would've gotten to this point, that we would've arrived at this point. I would've just, uh-huh. Like my ass off. Not that it's been great, but somehow we managed to scrape away to this point, and I think that after another couple of days go by, after we separate the time from when George was talking about swing clubs every day for a week, I don't think you'd be doing that again. Oh, look who we got here. Happy holidays. Hello. Hello, there. How are you? Welcome home. Happy Chrome. Thank you. I want to tell you. Come on. And thanks for calling. Right. Friday, Friday, the 10th. Right. Aero Rushishona. Oh. I just Friday. Yeah. I'm going to have been Saturday and Sunday all the holidays. Are you going to be lighting the candles and dumplings? Yes, sir. I have everything ready, and I have two large round halls. Oh, it's a lady nine of P. Wow. Yeah. What a bargain. What a nice public price. Well, can't we get this in Humbung Trash now? No, it's not the right time. No, that's for poor. Oh, why can't we get it for Rushishona? Now for Rushishona. No, you have honey cake. I do have. It's a cake, honey cake. Yeah. Yeah. I ordered the honey cake, which is raisins and fruit and nuts to you. Listen. And the cold midriff don't take any bulls. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I like it. Yeah. My niece made a party yesterday. She bought it. She made a party. Yeah. I ordered $4141. Woo. And she played the tape for people. Well, they brought them. Don't take any bulls. Yeah. Right. I think that's what really puts you on a map. I mean, they always like. I think that was good. Yeah. And you liked, of course. Thanks for calling. But I'll tell you, when you came up with it. Don't take any bulls. That's what really made you a star. That's what puts you on top. Okay. Well, look, have a very happy, whatever. Thank you. Rushishona. I have a new year. Right. And are you going to be fasting on your mkipper? Only 12 o'clock to doctor says. Right. And well, so I'd get up around 11. I bought a big jar for like a filter fish. A rat. And a subliter. Restorant. How about the, do you have horse radish with it? No. Yeah. So spicy. That'll just tear your kiski's up. Yeah. And the next Wednesday, the first thing. Yeah. That's my birthday. Really? Yeah. Another year. I won't forget it. Uh-huh. And just in case I do. Happy birthday. Thank you. I think it's $3.39. Yes. Take care of yourself. Happy new year to you, mother and to all. And your mother too. And Zagazan. You too. Part by darling. Okay. 147. Everything is okay now. Oh. From the thanks for calling lady. Everything is okay. Everything's kosher. Yeah. That's what the problem is. All the yiddlers are out there to get ready for the big holidays. Now they're out there shopping. They're buying their folly and their honey cake. And all this other, uh, direct. And your filter fish. Which, uh, you know, it's okay. I can take it. I could leave it. It's like halivah. Delicious. No taste. Here's a plantation. Hello. Well. Yes, sir. I've got a nail. Great. What's up with all these people calling about boxing, comparing it to hockey. I don't know what's going on there. It's people with no taste. People don't understand. I think it's not a sport. Of course not. It's a sport. It's too good. We have our barrack. That's right. Try to knock each other's brains out. You guys get the ring and find the crap out of each other. Right. Oh, cause it all. Well, they do it for a lot of money. So they can entertain a bunch of statistics. Exactly. Exactly. Oh, God. So what do you think about that? I don't know. I think I'm going to watch that. I don't know. I'm not. We're loathing. I'm going to call up headcap and see how the odds are going. Okay, pal. Have a great day. Hi, sir. Whatever. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got one last segment to go. Can we make it here today? No. I want to the most unbelievably difficult traumatic day. No. I'll only hit a play in Reca. I think that brought him back a little bit. You know? Don't be knock it in Reca, man. I'm telling you, you are so wrong. You are. Your batting average. The last year and a half is even the babbling brook has got a bigger batting average. Okay. I think a lot. When it comes to your, your recollections on music and who's going to be big and who's hot and who's not. Well. Out牛 tastes better. For the business of world food braids. What's the easy way? A little bazaech in the market, a pie with My name, old ride. You have to confide me like this, but I'm just a null thing. Okay, what are the odds in that happening, you know? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line and we can do it boys and girls just put your head together, baby. So what if it is raining cats and dogs? What if you are going to get electric due to just because you're on a phone when it's raining, huh? Is it worth a sacrifice to me? I hope you'll let your sweet as it is. Like the guy said before, ax not. Is that what he said ax not? 10-4-2 with 560, WQM.